Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams|The tragedy of this world is that no one is happy, whether stuck in a time of pain or of joy. The tragedy of this world is that everyone is alone. For a life in the past cannot be shared with the present. Each person who gets stuck in time gets stuck alone.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|You can lose your way groping among the shadows of the past. It's frightening how many people and things there are in a man's past that have stopped moving. The living people we've lost in the crypts of time sleep so soundly side by side with the dead that the same darkness envelops them all.As we grow older, we no longer know whom to awaken, the living or the dead.
Howard Rheingold|When designers replaced the command line interface with the graphical user interface, billions of people who are not programmers could make use of computer technology.
Gayle Forman, If I Stay|I do have a point to all this,” she continues. “There are like twenty people in that waiting room right now. Some of them are related to you. Some of them are not. But we’re all your family.” She stops now. Leans over me so that the wisps of her hair tickle my face. She kisses me on the forehead. “You still have a family,” she whispers.
Padma Viswanathan, The Ever After of Ashwin Rao|We can never know more than the mind can assimilate and process, nor can we discuss any aspect of the world for which there is no language.
F.R. Media|love.love isn't having butterflies all the time, i think love is calm. love is comfortable. i could sit in silence with you for the rest of our lives and it would mean more than a thousand words with anyone else.
Kurt Cobain|There are a lot of things I wish I would have done, instead of just sitting around and complaining about having a boring life.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Become so good they can't ingore you,and you are on the path to success.Become so good they can't stand you,and you are on the path to greatness.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Controlling unwanted thoughts is not the problem. Believing, thrusting, and taking direction from them is.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Some say the glass is half full and blush,Some say it’s half empty and sink,I feel you are in the midst of,reaching out for another awesome drink!
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|People don't act the way they do because of me. They just act out their own projection of reality, and so do I.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|Men have been taught that the ego is the synonym of evil, and selflessness the ideal of virtue. But the creator is the egotist in the absolute sense, and the selfless man is the one who does not think, feel, judge or act. These are functions of the self.
Sarah J. Maas, Throne of Glass|The book is like the spoon, scissors, the hammer,the wheel. Once invented it cannot be improved. You cannot make a spoonthat is better than a spoon
Thomm Quackenbush, A Creature Was Stirring|Try this." O'Grady smiled. "It's the only thing we drink. It'll warm your insides."	"What is it?" Asked the ever cautious Waldo.	"We call it the Forest Flaming Special. Go ahead-drink up."	"Well, okay...." Waldo lifted the cup and nearly dropped it when saw his name printed clearly on the side. 	"We've been expecting you." Explained Fred, beginning to laugh.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|... for systems belonging to the singular part of the stability boundary a small change of the parameters is more likely to send the system into the unstable region than into the stable region. This is a manifestation of a general principle stating that all good things (e.g. stability) are more fragile than bad things. It seems that in good situations a number of requirements must hold simultaneously, while to call a situation bad even one failure suffices.
Nikki Rowe|If your heart is conflicted, teach it to be unrestricted.
W. Somerset Maugham|Every night is Christmas Eve on old East Main,Sailors and their sweethearts all agree.Neon signs of red and greenShine upon the friendly scene,Welcoming you in from off the sea.Santa's bag is filled with all your dreams come true:Nickel beers that sparkle like champagne,Barmaids who all love to screw,All of them reminding youIt's Christmas Eve on old East Main.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|And when I came in with tears in my eyes, you always knew whether I needed you to hold me or just let me be. I don't know how you knew, but you did, and you made it easier for me.
Sarah Waters, Fingersmith|For she was the only one, of all of them, to have spared me a pleasant word; and suddenly I longed for time to pass, not for its own sake, but as it would take me back to her.
Ahmed Zewail|As the humanities and liberal arts are downsized, privatized, and commodified, higher education finds itself caught in the paradox of claiming to invest in the future of young people while offering them few intellectual, civic, and moral supports.
Friedrich Reck-Malleczewen|The most dreadful part of all," the old stag answered, "is that the dogs believe what the hound just said. They believe it, they pass their lives in fear, they hate Him and themselves and yet they'd die for His sake.
Forrest Curran|Although the future is indiscernible, we often feel the need to plan for what cannot be planned, and attempt to react to things that never happened. Our overemphasis in the future is a mere illusion, which often makes us foolishly blind to the beauty of the present moment, and is the root of creating the worst case scenarios and the what- if situations that plague the mind.
Morrissey|You're not right in the head, and nor am I, and this is why....this is why I like you.
|Always remember that there were many times in the past where you thought it couldn't be done, but somehow you found a way to do it.
Thomas Jefferson|Parents and schools should place great emphasis on the idea that it is all right to be different. Racism and all the other 'isms' grow from primitive tribalism, the instinctive hostility against those of another tribe, race, religion, nationality, class or whatever. You are a lucky child if your parents taught you to accept diversity.
Jeff Lindsay, Darkly Dreaming Dexter|I am human. Like all humans, I do not remember my birth. By the time we wake up to ourselves, we are little children, and our advent is something that happened an eternity ago, at the beginning of time. We live like latecomers to the theater; we must catch up as best we can, divining the begging from the shape of later events. - Vida Winter
Renzo Piano|I did standup for a lot of years, too, but when you come out as a standup, you get the feeling from a crowd - it's a kind of a 'make me laugh' attitude. But when you come out as an improvisor, they realize that they're suggesting everything you do. So they're already invested in the scene, and they actually want it to work.
Adele          Rose, Awakening|Surely, if my parents and older brother were awake now, that would mean that they would have remembered such an important date and, as soon as they saw me, congratulate me on living another year? Adele Rose, Awakening.
John Keats|Pensive they sit, and roll their languid eyes.
Dave Shepp|I am more than the person I was, I am more than who I am, and I am excited about who I have yet become.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races|Boys", she says, "just aren't very good at being afraid.
Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer|If you asked me to marry you all over again today I'd say yes, said Valentine.And if I had only met you for the first time today, I'd ask.
Aletheia Luna, Old Souls: The Sages and Mystics of Our World|When we become more self-aware of our needs, we become better-equipped to takecare of ourselves.
Bertolt Brecht|The human race tends to remember the abuses to which it has been subjected rather than the endearments. What's left of kisses? Wounds, however, leave scars.
Dada Bhagwan|There are two types of knowledge. One is about what is right and wrong, what is helpful and harmful in this world, and the second is about the path to final Liberation (Moksha). The one who attains the knowledge about Moksha will indeed get the knowledge about what is helpful and harmful in the world. Or else, there should be saints around who know about what is helpful and harmful in this world.
Bill Copeland|Change is tough, people don't like it, but it is necessary. Take two aspirins and call me in the morning.
aMessageOfLove|Have a specific vision / goal / dream, and power it with general and genuine feelings of love, appreciation, peace, abundance and passion...and always leave room for the universe to bring you even better. If you don't get what you desire it only ever means that you're destined for even greater. ( Instagram: #aMessageOfLove )
Betty Poluk|Your most important gear is your eye, heart and soul.
Wallace Stegner, All the Little Live Things|Marian’s eyes absolutely blaze. To meet them is to have a shock of contact as if they were electrically charged. “Now you see? You wondered what was in whale’s milk. Don’t you know now? The same thing that’s in a mushroom spore so small you need a microscope to see it, or in gophers, or poison oak, or anything else we try to pave under or grub out, or poison. There isn’t good life and bad life, there’s only life. Think of the force down there, just telling things to get born!
Wendell Berry, Sex, Economy, Freedom, and Community: Eight Essays|Lovers must not, like usurers, live for themselves alone. They must finally turn from their gaze at one another back toward the community. If they had only themselves to consider, lovers would not need to marry, but they must think of others and of other things. They say their vows to the community as much as to one another, and the community gathers around them to hear and to wish them well, on their behalf and its own. It gathers around them because it understands how necessary, how joyful, and how fearful this joining is. These lovers, pledging themselves to one another "until death," are giving themselves away, and they are joined by this as no law or contract could join them. Lovers, then, "die" into their union with one another as a soul "dies" into its union with God. And so here, at the very heart of community life, we find not something to sell as in the public market but this momentous giving. If the community cannot protect this giving, it can protect nothing...
Lauren Graham, Talking as Fast as I Can: From Gilmore Girls to Gilmore Girls, and Everything in Between|I guess what I’m saying is, let’s keep lifting each other up. It’s not lost on me that two of the biggest opportunities I’ve had to break into the next level were given to me by successful women in positions of power. If I’m ever in that position and you ask me, “Who?” I’ll do my best to say, “You” too. But in order to get there, you may have to break down the walls of whatever it is that’s holding you back first. Ignore the doubt—it’s not your friend—and just keep going, keep going, keep going.
Lisa Jewell, Vince and Joy|There was no beginning, middle and end to destiny, it wasn't neat and manageable. It was random and scary and if it wanted to it would.
Roman Payne|[As a very young man, I thought] of Europe as a place that could not exist except in the imagination, in glorious dreams, and through the careful lies of the silver screen.
Shary Hauer|I am good enough, attractive enough, important enough just as I am. I do not have to fix, help, or caretake others to earn their love.
House M.D.|There's nothing in this universe that can't be explained, eventually.
Sebastian Marincolo|A marijuana high can enhance core human mental abilities. It can help you to focus, to remember, to see new patterns, to imagine, to be creative, to introspect, to empathically understand others, and to come to deep insights. If you don’t find this amazing you have lost your sense of wonder. Which, by the way, is something a high can bring back, too.
Alberto Caeiro, O Pastor Amoroso|The amorous shepherd has lost his staff,And his sheep are straying on the hillside,And he didn’t even play the flute he brought to play because he was thinking so much.No one came to him or went away. He never found his staff again.Others, cursing at him, gathered his sheep for him.No one had loved him, in the end.When he got up from the hillside and the false truth, he saw everything:The great valleys full of the same green as always,The great distant mountains, more real than any feeling,All reality, with the sky and the air and the fields that exist, is present.(And once again the air, that he’d missed for so long, entered coolly into his lungs)And he felt that the air was opening again, but with pain, a liberty in his chest.(7/10/1930)
Ellen J. Barrier|All over the world are particular people, and you could be happy with probably five or six of them, eight if you're bisexual and everyone is.
Brandi Glanville, Drinking and Tweeting and Other Brandi Blunders|The most surprising thing about breaking up is that you already know how to do it. Everything you need to know, you learned in kindergarten. Yours should always be better than his (especially when it comes to lawyers).
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Be thankful to those who refuse to help you, for they force you to summon upon your warrior within.
Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss|If you want some advice—which I'm sure you don't—you guys should lay off on the magic. Christian still thinks you're moving in on Lissa.""What?" he asked in mock astonishment. "Doesn't he know my heart belongs to you?""It does not. And no, he's still worried about it, despite what I've told him.""You know, I bet if we started making out right now, it would make him feel better.""If you touch me," I said pleasantly, "I'll provide you with the opportunity to see if you can heal yourself. Then we'd see how badass you really are.
Alfred E. Smith|A bright man of conviction and action is a beacon to his country,but a flash light to the scurrying of inaction, ego, and insecurity of lesser men.
Einstein Albert 1879-1955|A foot note in Scale, Geoffery West:The full quotation from Einstein is worth repeating because it emphasizes a central dictum of science:"Propositions arrived at by purely logical means are completely empty as regards reality. Because Galileo saw this, and particularly because he drummed this into the scientific world, he is the father of modern physics, indeed of modern science altogether."Taken from Einstein's "On the Methods of Theoretical Physics," Essays on modern Science (New York:Dover, 2009) 12-21
Isaac Herzog|I was the youngest and on my own a lot. I think this probably taught me independence and how to be okay with my own company. Also, it meant I read a lot.
Allen Ginsberg|Poetry should help, not only to refine the language of the time, but to prevent it from changing too rapidly.
John Howard Griffin, Black Like Me|He was one of those young men who possess an impressive store of facts, but no truths.
Wangari Maathai|Throughout my life, I have never stopped to strategize about my next steps. I often just keep walking along, through whichever door opens. I have been on a journey and this journey has never stopped. When the journey is acknowledged and sustained by those I work with, they are a source of inspiration, energy and encouragement. They are the reasons I kept walking, and will keep walking, as long as my knees hold out.
Katherine Jenkins|I am fussy, about my diet and straining my voice. I know, sounds a bit over the top. But I'm not as bad as I used to be. These days I don't drink alcohol for five days before a show - very dehydrating for the vocal cords, and all that acid reflux. I used to ban it for a fortnight. Nightmare.
Michael Bassey Johnson|But, really, are there any guys out there who aren’t jerks? I don’t even know any grown-up men who aren’t jerks.
Domhnall Gleeson|Yes, it was love at first sight. I feel that after all these years, I have finally found my soul mate.
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|He scarcely knew who was battling whom, who was winning, who was losing, as though he hoped that by doggedly ignoring the war it would return the favor
Thomas Jefferson|If you could not do much in the month of April with five letters, think of what really you can do with the month of May with three letters before you open the door of the month of June with four letters. Which is the break time for the entire twelve months of the year. Until you clearly understand how you are spending the year, you shall finish spending it and ponder over how you spent it, year after year! No one is absolutely free from excuses and the challenges of life. You just have to do something great with each day in the year!
Colette Dowling, The Cinderella Complex: Women's Hidden Fear of Independence|(...) psychiatrists today recognize the contortionist's act that was required of women in an age when they were expected to stifle their own healthiest impulses. (...) "To be able to renounce your own achievements without feeling that you were sacrificing requires constant effort. To be lovely and unaggressive, a woman spends a lifetime keeping hostile or resentful impulses down. Even healthy self-assertion is often sacrificed since it may be mistaken by hostility. Therefore, [women] often repress their initiative, give up their aspirations, and unfortunately end up excessively dependent with a deep sense of insecurity and uncertainty about their abilities and their worth.
Kathleen Rooney, Lillian Boxfish Takes a Walk|Discretion can be abused, and rulebooks are important safeguards against that. But the balance has shifted too far in the direction of an obsessive reverence for rules.
John Wanamaker|Don't matter how much money you got, there's only two kinds of people: there's saved people and there's lost people.
Stephanie Klein, Straight Up and Dirty|If my ex-husband could move on, I could, too. I would search for my gardener, someone who would help me to grow and bloom, but who would recognize the fragility of a new flower just starting to poke out of the ground.If I was lucky, he’d have a long cultivator.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|I was always hungry for love. Just once, I wanted to know what it was like to get my fill of it -- to be fed so much love I couldn't take any more. Just once. 
Abhijit Naskar, Either Civilized or Phobic: A Treatise on Homosexuality|Forget race, forget gender, forget religion, and become a human my friend. Become a human above everything else, and all great things shall follow.
Megan McKenna, The New Stations of the Cross: The Way of the Cross According to Scripture|We also fought about everything -- like real sisters. We fought about money, bedrooms, whose car to take. Everyone of these fights was actually about something else -- usually abandonment. I wanted to be first on her list and she wanted to be first on mine. I wanted all her attention, all her love, all her care. I wanted her to be my mommy, my daddy, my sister. She wanted the same from me. She wanted to be fed, cared for, nurtured without limit. She wanted backrubs, poems, pastas, and to be left alone when she needed to be left alone. She wanted to come before my writing, my child, my man. And I wanted no less from her.She was sick at first, so I took care of her. Then I was jealous of the attention and she took care of me. We had gone down into the primal cave of our friendship. we had felt loved enough to rage and fight, to show the inside of our naked throats and our bared fags, and the friendship took another leap toward intimacy. Without rage, intimacy can't be.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|This was after stew. But then, so is everything. When the first man crawled out of the slime and went to make his home on land, what he had for dinner that night was stew.
Ally Carter, Only the Good Spy Young|I tell you, I'm half tempted to break into CIA custody just so I can break Joe Solomon out of CIA custody just so I can break Joe Solomon.
Norman Spinrad, Bug Jack Barron|I no more believe in simplistic solutions than I do in simplistic identieties. The world is a complex machine that can't be dismantled with a srewdriver. But that shouldn't prevent us from observing, from trying to understand, from discussing, and sometimes suggesting a subject for reflection.
Sara  Miles, Take This Bread: A Radical Conversion|Democracy is easy; republicanism is hard. Democracy is fueled by passion; republicanism is founded on moderation. Democracy is loud, raucous, disorderly; republicanism is quiet, cool, judicious – and that we still live in its light is the Founders' most wondrous deed.
Star Jones|A final word: I am not knowledgeable about the internet. I do not have a computer. I guess that at 74 years of age, I don't have the patience to learn.
Annabel Crabb|Worse than that, however, was the CFO, a dapper-suited, neat-haired new age carapace containing an uninhibited misogynistic bogan, whose actual words to me, in concert with my boss in the same room were: 'To be successful you have to accept that weekends are for families.
Jeffrey R. Anderson, The Nature of Things - Navigating Everyday Life with Grace|All things acceptable to God the Father must come from God the Son, whether us or our works.
Bruce Mbanzabugabo|As there is no joy for the broken heart, there is not also an harmony to a guitar with broken strings!
Bernard Sumner, Chapter and Verse: New Order, Joy Division and Me|When there's no stimulus to be found on the outside, you have no option but to look inside yourself for inspiration, and when I did it set off a creativity that had always been inside of me, It mixed with my environment and life experiences to make something tangible,something that expressed me.
Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase|Mountains, according to the angle of view, the season, the time of day, the beholder's frame of mind, or any one thing, can effectively change their appearance. Thus, it is essential to recognize that we can never know more than one side, one small aspect of a mountain.
Andrew Coster, TRUE DAWN FALSE DAWN: GLOBAL COLLAPSE OF THE DO-RE-MI|He reasoned, even as a young man, that traditions may linger as he walked though the oracles of time. In later years he thought his mind may one day blur, should he survive to an old age, but as he spread ink on paper, transmitted and shared with those who came after him his experiences, his own great adventures, he believed perhaps they, like he, would give way to pause to reflect on how...hard it always was to open his eyes to begin a new day...
Robert Ardrey|But we were born of risen apes, not fallen angels, and the apes were armed killers besides. And so what shall we wonder at? Our murders and massacres and missiles, and our irreconcilable regiments? Or our treaties whatever they may be worth; our symphonies however seldom they may be played; our peaceful acres, however frequently they may be converted into battlefields; our dreams however rarely they may be accomplished. The miracle of man is not how far he has sunk but how magnificently he has risen. We are known among the stars by our poems, not our corpses.
Khrys Vaughan|How sad it would be to get to the end of life and realize God gave you wings, but you never used them.
Sōseki Natsume, And Then|If he let one day pass without glancing at a single page, habit led him to feel a vague sense of decay. Therefore, in the face of most intrusions, he tried to arrange it so that he could stay in touch with the printed word. There were moments when he felt that books constituted his only legitimate province.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|No longer will I measure myself against competitors, who don’t even know that a race is being run. From now on, I will measure myself against the man in front of me. I will measure myself against a new personal best, achieving my next ambitious goal.
Margaret Landon, Anna and the King of Siam|The author called us to re-examine assumptions bequeathed to us from Greece and Rome. Just as a bridge built by the Roman Empire might have held up tolerably for centuries under foot traffic but crumble under the weight of a modern truck, the author cautions that classical thinking had limits exposed by contemporary events and certainly exposed by the modern world.
Tony Tulathimutte, Private Citizens|The ironic, too-cool meta satire, the sneering and mocking? Is actually just a contemporary version of the bourgeois sentimentality it's trying to mock. It is not new. Really it's almost quaint. The backlash has already outlasted it.
Jack Weatherford, Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World|A leader should demonstrate his thoughts and opinions through his actions, not through his words.
Chris Colfer|I have a sack of hate mail that I want to respond to. One day, when I’m tired or tipsy, I will respond and tell them what I think.
S. Rajaratnam, The Short Stories and Radio Plays of S. Rajaratnam|The exhausted earth groaned and quivered under the monotonous glare of the sun. Spirals of heat rose from the ground as if from molten lava. A panting lizard crawled painfully over the fevered rock in search of a shady crevice. Cattle and dogs cringed under the scanty shade of the trees and waited for the rain to deliver them from the heat and thirst. Instead the heat grew more intense and oppressive each day, singeing and stifling all living things with an invisible sheet of fire, which only the rain could put out.The drought had persisted for over a month.
Emile Durkheim|Food is sort of like the Jewish sense of humor, a defense mechanism. It is one of the things that helped the Jews survive through 2,000 years of an often very harsh Diaspora.
Gerald G. Jampolsky, Love Is Letting Go of Fear|The world we see that seems so insane is the result of a belief system that is not working. To perceive the world differently, we must be willing to change our belief system, let the past slip away, expand our sense of now, and dissolve the fear in our minds.
Nicole  Williams, Hard Knox|Finally, Slade had the thing he’d never thought he would have. The thing he’d never even thought he wanted. He had the same thing his best friend had with his sister: he had the love of a woman. Not just any woman, but the woman he loved with all that he was
Darcey Bussell|When it was time to meet a chimpanzee, I got very, very anxious because they have the strength of ten men, so I hear.
S.P. Wayne, Winter Wolf|The beating of my heart stops when your gone, my heart herts when your voise is not speaking. This proves my love for you so never leave me.
Charles R. Swindoll, Rise & Shine: A Wake Up Call|God doesn't mock us. He never gives us a goal that we cannot accomplish in His strength. I want to assure you, you can glorify God, you MUST glorify God. But you have to determine deep within your heart that you're going to do it His way.
M. C. Escher|Today, among little girls especially, princesses and the romanticised ideal they represent - finding the man of your dreams - have a limited shelf life.
Gustave Flaubert|Everything you’re telling me was just a story, and now it’s real.
Elizabeth Patterson Bonaparte|I must remember to be troublesome now and again, else you are going to be impossible to live with. And by what magic did you find the gown and the horse?""Scottish fairy magic." His grin widened."Do you mean that fairies are real in Scotland?
Hilaire Belloc|When I am dead, I hope it may be said, 'His sins were scarlet, but his books were read.
Estelle Maskame, Did I Mention I Love You?|This thing between them, the force of it, could devour the world. And if they picked it, picked them, it might very well cause the end of it.
Michel Foucault, What is an Author?|The truth is quite the contrary: the author is not an indefinite source of significations which fill a work; the author does not precede the works, he is a certain functional principle by which, in our culture, one limits, excludes, and chooses; in short, by which one impedes the free circulation, the free manipulation, the free composition, decomposition, and recomposition of fiction. In fact, if we are accustomed to presenting the author as a genius, as a perpetual surging of invention, it is because, in reality, we make him function in exactly the opposite fashion. One can say that the author is an ideological product, since we represent him as the opposite of his historically real function. (When a historically given function is represented in a figure that inverse is, one has an ideological production). The author is therefore the ideological figure by which one marks the manner in which we fear the proliferation of meaning.In saying this, I seem to call for a form of culture in which fiction would not be limited by the figure of the author…
Joseph J. Ellis, Founding Brothers: The Revolutionary Generation|Often, men want money to get women, or to use women to get money, or both at the same time.
Darynda Jones, Fifth Grave Past the Light|Does Uncle Bob have anything?""I heard he has an STD.""I mean on the women.""Oh, I have no idea if they have any STDs.
Alison Weir|Always, just beyond all these things, was the silver sea, the lace border around all land like the silence around sounds or the unknowns beyond all knowledge.
Israel Broussard|I wanted to be a soccer player, and I became the best of the best, the number one, better than Maradona, better than Pele, and even better than Messi - but only at night, nighttime, during my dreams. When I wake up, I realized that I have wooden legs and that I'm doomed to be a writer.
Lisa C.  Miller, Godly Inspirations for the Troubled Soul|Nearly everyone has had a box of secret pain, shared with no one.
Germany Kent|Reach out and help others. If you have the power to make someone happy, do it. Be a vessel, be the change, be the difference, or be the inspiration. Shine your light as an example. The world needs more of that.
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|Pride slays thanksgiving ... A prideful man is seldom a grateful man, for he never thinks he gets as much as he deserves.
Carol Emshwiller, Carmen Dog|The world looks so beautiful! She wonders how one can not do for it anything that needs to be done, or at least all one can do.
Deirdre Madden, Molly Fox's Birthday: A Novel|But this was the first occasion I had come across someone for whom art was a means of avoiding reality rather than confronting it head on, an idea so strange to me that I didn't fully comprehend it at the time.
Chelsea Cain, Heartsick|He had talked to hundreds of witnesses. And he knew that if someone felt pressured, they would try too hard, and their imagination would fill what their memory couldn't recover.
Sandy DeLuca, Manhattan Grimoire|This is another dream, isn't it?""Perceive it as you like. I've been trying to tell you things, but you're allowing the dark things-him-to invade your thoughts and feelings.
Joanna R. Macy|If the world is to be healed through human efforts, I am convinced it will be by ordinary people, people whose love for this life is even greater than their fear.
Ted Sarandos|While the liberal media elite depict the bowler as a chubby guy with a comb-over and polyester pants, the reality is that bowling is one of the most tech-heavy sports today. Robotic pinsetters and computerized scoring were just the beginning.
Paramahansa Yogananda, In the Sanctuary of the Soul: A Guide to Effective Prayer|Be afraid of nothing. Hating none, giving love to all, feeling the love of God, seeing His presence in everyone, and having but one desire - for His constant presence in the temple of your consciousness - that is the way to live in this world.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Hatred gives you nothing, takes nothing from you, but destroys everything you have! Be careful of ideas of hatred that comes into your head. Destroy them before they make nests in your mind!
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|I know I tackled something big, new, and scary and I survived.
Jan Potocki, The Manuscript Found in Saragossa|It is not science which leads to unbelief but rather ignorance. The ignorant man thinks he understands something provided that he sees it every day. The natural philosopher walks amid enigmas, always striving to understand and always half-understanding. He learns to believe what he does not understand, and that is a step on the road to faith.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Jack Miles's wonderful literary reading of the Hebrew Bible as a biography of God offers the insight that after the Book of Job, God never speaks again. God may seem to silence Job, but Job silences God. It is lovely that Job silencing God is part of the text (though likely an accidental order of the books), because it reflects a real change in the real world after the Book of Job came into it.
Deepak Chopra, Fire in the Heart: A Spiritual Guide for Teens|I'm a movement by myself, but I'm a force when we're together.
Peter Weiss, The Persecution and Assassination of Jean-Paul Marat as Performed by the Inmates of the Asylum of Charenton Under the Direction of the Marquis de Sade|Don't be taken in when they pat you paternally on the shoulder and say that there's no inequality worth speaking of and no more reason for fighting. Because if you believe them they will be completely in charge in their marble homes and granite banks from which they rob the people of the world under the pretense of bringing them culture. Watch out, for as soon as it pleases them they'll send you out to protect their gold in wars whose weapons rapidly developed by servile scientists will become more and more deadly until they can with a flick of the finger tear a million of you into pieces.
Sister Souljah, The Coldest Winter Ever|I am rather disturbed by the fact that so many people—who are neither medical professionals nor trans themselves—would want to hear all of the gory details regarding transsexual physical transformations, or would feel that they have any right to ask us about the state of our genitals.
Howard Pyle|For ages past the Genius of Literature and the Genius of Art have walked together hand in hand. For the Goddess of letters is blind, and only she of Art can lend her sight.
R.A. Salvatore, Sojourn|You view the gods as entities without," Montolio tried to explain. "You see them as physical beings trying to control our actions for their own ends, and thus you, in your stubborn independance, reject them. The gods are within, I say, whether one has named his own or not. You have followed Mielikki all your life, Drizzt. You merely never had a name to put on your heart.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Love is supposed to lift you up, not hold you down. It is supposed to push you forward, not hold you back.
J.Z. Colby, Back to the Stars|The problem is knowing when what you are about to do will make a difference. I’m not only speaking of the small actions that, cumulatively, over time, or in great numbers, alter the course of events in ways too chaotic or subtle to trace ... if everyone were to consider all the possible consequences of all one’s possible choices, no one would move a millimetre, or even dare to breathe for fear of the ultimate results.
Paul R. Halmos|The spectacular thing about Johnny [von Neumann] was not his power as a mathematician, which was great, or his insight and his clarity, but his rapidity; he was very, very fast. And like the modern computer, which no longer bothers to retrieve the logarithm of 11 from its memory (but, instead, computes the logarithm of 11 each time it is needed), Johnny didn't bother to remember things. He computed them. You asked him a question, and if he didn't know the answer, he thought for three seconds and would produce and answer.
Krystal McLean, My Darrling|I watched you try on suits in Hugo Boss.‘For the big job,’ you said. And I laughed, because I knew I would never see it. I’d never get up and watch you put it on and walk out of the door. I would never be the one that you came home to.
Nelson Mandela|My photographs are a celebration of life, fun and the beautiful. They are a world that doesn't exist. A fantasy. Freedom is real. There are no rules. The life I wish I was living.
Lani Wendt Young, Telesa: The Covenant Keeper|Excuse me? You're the one who was out to mislead me with your alluring bimbo slinkiness! What if I had believed your act last night? What if I had fallen deeply and madly in love with you? You would have had the blood of my love-sickness on your hands, Leila Folger.
Joseph Brodsky|To translate poetry, one has to possess some art, at the very least the art of stylistic re-embodiment.
Saiber|I do not blame himfor not knowing the gentleness of my soul.When I only showed him,how violently I loved.
Allan Dare Pearce, Hitler Burns Detroit|Anyone hurts my family, I slap them down. A man does for family. That's one of the rules I got from my pa. His rules for being a man.
Pearl Zhu, 100 Creativity Ingredients: Everyone’s Playbook to Unlock Creativity|Creativity is like the light, the reason we see the light because the “switch” is on and the connection is made
Madeleine Thien, Do Not Say We Have Nothing|The young man murmured in his sleep and said, “Dear Sparrow,” and Sparrow felt, for the first time, how the purest joy could be a heaviness.
Ron Howard|There was a Russian director named Elem Klimov, who did his films during the communist days. They were constantly struggling with the authorities and to be allowed to express themselves. But he did one of the best war movies I've ever seen - it's called 'Come and See.'
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|You forget, time doesn't exist anymore. You gave it to me.
Zomick's Bakery|Natural, organic and unrefined foods speak a language your genes understand. And when your food communicates nicely with your genes, they’ll express themselves properly and healthily so you can begin feeling that you’re actually living and not just surviving.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|Maybe I need to immerse the fabric of my soul in torrential nature of Christmas, and in doing so to finally understand that it is the very thing that can make the world what I so wish it were.
Rudolf Jerome Ragay|Never judge a person how he died, but how he lived.
John Art|Just a child. All this time we've feared you, sought you. And you're nothing more than a human child.
Somali K Chakrabarti|Does not heed to the darkWith its shimmering light,Moon quietly bathes the ocean
Adrianna Stepiano|Are we always to be wantingwhat isn't:the greenest grassaccord and principlemotherhood and career?Yet our age lies to uslike an asp,whispering. "Both.
Janine Benyus|If you look at any leaf on any tree branch, it's similar to but not exactly a repetition of the previous branch. So the new science of complexity or showing how an architecture can be produced just as quickly, cheaply and efficiently by using computer production methods to get the slight variation, the self-similarity.
Evinda Lepins, Back to Single|A man going quietly about his business all day long expends far more muscular energy than an athlete who lifts a huge weight once a day. This has been proved physiologically, and so the social sum total of everybody's little everyday efforts, especially when added together, doubtless releases far more energy into the world than do rare heroic feats. This total even makes the single heroic feat look positively minuscule, like a grain of sand on a mountaintop with a megalomaniacal sense of its own importance.
Celma Ribeiro, The Thief of Secrets|It was as if I was right there with Magellan, following every curve of his pen as he wrote down his words to his beloved ones confiding his secret. I had become the ink, and the tip was tattooing my path. I was going to follow his dream, but still, I wished I knew why” – Celma Ribeiro
Adriana Lima|It's about time we make the well-being of our young people more important than ideology and politics. As a country, we benefit from investing in their future by investing in teen pregnancy prevention.
Christina Aguilera|When the rich think about the poor, they have poor ideas.
Pierangelo Isernia|Jake, you’re a dern grasshopper,” Augustus said. “You ride in yesterday talking Montana, and today you’re talking California.
Balroop Singh|When you start living under the shadow of somebody, you lose your own personality and your own passions.
Kitty Thomas, The Last Girl|Tragedy has been described as 'the conflict between desire and possibility.' Following this definition, is The Forgotten Garden a tragedy? If so, in what way/s?
|The past will always be behind us. The future is currently a mystery. All we can account for is the present. By all means, don't turn a blind eye on it. Embrace it warmly and cherish it to the fullest.
Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching|To begin an ethnographic project with a goal, with an object of research and a set of presumptions, is already to stymie the process of discovery; it blocks one's ability to learn something new that exceed the frameworks with which one enters.
George Foster, Amazing Peace-PI|Worry is common, it's not good for us, it accomplishes little, and it dishonors the God who cares for us. Worry may be our most enduring form of unbelief.
Alin Sav|Number one" leaders never think about positions, but disposition.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|I remember the pain I felt, and wonder why a man who was such an accomplished liar had to tell the truth that day.
Percy Williams Bridgman, Reflections of a Physicist|I believe it to be of particular importance that the scientist have an articulate and adequate social philosophy, even more important than the average man should have a philosophy. For there are certain aspects of the relation between science and society that the scientist can appreciate better than anyone else, and if he does not insist on this significance no one else will, with the result that the relation of science to society will become warped, to the detriment of everybody.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|Words are pale shadows of forgotten names. As names have power, words have power. Words can light fires in the minds of men. Words can wring tears from the hardest hearts.
Joe Biden|There will come a day, I promise you, when the thought of your son, or daughter, or your wife or your husband, brings a smile to your lips before it brings a tear to your eye. It will happen. My prayer for you is that day will come sooner than later.
Warren Farrell|When women hold off from marrying men, we call it independence. When men hold off from marrying women, we call it fear of commitment.
Beverly Tona|As she passed the recreation room, she saw Mr. Preston, still sitting quietly in his chair, a blanket over his knees. “Are you okay?” she asked. “Fine thanks. Just gonna sit here a little longer, then I’ll head up.” She sat beside him, sharing the silence. “That friend of yours is a good sort,” he finally said. “Nice of him to stop in and say goodbye before going home to his folks.” “He did?” “Ayuh.” “What did he say?” The old man never turned his head to look at her, but the faintest of smiles touched his lips and he sat up a bit straighter in his chair. “He shook my hand and said, ‘Thank you for your service.’ Then he saluted me and left.” Jess felt tears prick her eyes, seeing how very much the gesture had touched this proud, quiet old man. Tanner hadn’t been happy when he’d left here, she knew that, yet he’d taken the time to reach out a hand in friendship and brotherhood to this complete stranger. What a good man. What an amazingly wonderful man. She’d found him twice in her life. Once she’d lost him due to fate and war and bad timing. This time, she’d let him slip right through her fingers. That was a mistake she could rectify. It wasn’t too late. She wouldn’t let it be.
Christopher Moore, You Suck|Abby Von Normal - And I'm like, "Don't change the subject, Kung Pao, what I want to know is if you're ready to spend some up-close and personal time with ninety pounds of barbarian woman-flesh! Sorry, I don't know how much that is in kilos.
Sarah Dessen, This Lullaby|No relationship is perfect, ever. There are always some ways you have to bend, to compromise, to give something up in order to gain something greater...The love we have for each other is bigger than these small differences. And that's the key. It's like a big pie chart, and the love in a relationship has to be the biggest piece. Love can make up for a lot.
Frank Herbert, Dune|Every lighthouse knows that when the giant waves come, no one will help! And when you know that no one will help you, you fight more seriously!
Allen West|I don't consider myself a feminist, but I feel very empowered as a woman, and I've used all my resources widely. I believe in equality, but that's just naturally happening. I still want a door opened for me, to be treated like a lady, but I also want equal rights for women, of course.
Vishwas Mudagal|I have fallen in love with writing, unknowingly. Instead of thinking whether people will like what I write or not, I decide to write only for one person- myself! I told myself that ‘I as an author is going to entertain I as an audience.’ And everything changed that day!When you find your passion, don’t succumb to the pressure of succeeding.Follow your passion just for yourself and for the sheer joy of it. You will see amazing things will follow- that’s a guarantee.
Deyth Banger|Nature intended in her design a hearty life of toil, open fires and plump old age attended by a brood of sun-touched brats.
J.A. Perez|Collaboration is about “team work.” It’s not a cliché, it’s a practical reality.
Claire Chilton|Ish #21 "Stop saying the only meat you eat is chicken. It's still meat!
Tim O'Brien|I compare Stephen Sondheim with humor, because humor is unanalyzable. You can't analyze humor. You just have to get through it.
Vijay Dhameliya|When you don't fit in, be sure to stand out.
Stephen Fry|I am a lover of truth, a worshiper of freedom, a celebrant at the altar of language and purity and tolerance.
Dejan Stojanovic, Serbian Satire and Aphorisms|There are too many literati, yet very few are smart; knowledge is acquired far too easily.
Christina Aguilera|So soon as a fashion is universal, it is out of date.
Dean Ornish|Musical theater is great; you get painted up, you get to play princesses and witches, and you sing. The joy alone of that can really carry a lot.
Andrew James Pritchard, Monsoon Love and Other Nepali Stories|They wanted so desperately to love each other more, to remove their clothes and submit their naked bodies to each other, but it was almost as if they were cursed since the first day that they met, and it was pure torture knowing that they could only get so close, but was unable to go the height that the both of them wanted so intimately to climb.
William Shakespeare, Coriolanus|These are the ushers of Martius: before himHe carries noise, and behind him he leaves tears.Death, that dark spirit, in's nervy arm doth lie,Which being advanc'd, declines, and then men die.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Your trouble has been what old poets call Daungier. We call it Pride. You are offended by the masculine itself: the loud, irruptive, possessive thing-the gold lion, the bearded bull—which breaks through hedges and scatters the little kingdom of your primness. . . . The male you could have escaped, for it exists only on the biological level. But the masculine none of us can escape. What is above and beyond all things is so masculine that we are all feminine in relation to it.
Terry Goodkind, The First Confessor|Without delay, Tilly entered the ninth opening, a number that she knew from Baraccus had great meaning on things having to do with magic.
Vanna Bonta, Degrees: Thought Capsules|People who worship only themselves get a slick, polished look -- like monuments. Too bad they had to go so soon.
Zach Anner|Every time I've done comedy in, like, traditional comedy clubs, there's always these comedians that do really well with audiences but that the other comedians hate because they're just, you know, doing kind of cheap stuff like dancing around or doing, like, very kind of base sex humor a lot, and stuff like that.
George Orwell, 1984|... if people were rain, I was drizzle and she was hurricane.
Chance Carter, Bad Boy Daddy|You ever seen that painting on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel in Rome, where God’s reaching out and touching the finger of an angel? That was what it felt like at the moment my lips touched hers. It was more than just a kiss. It was something spiritual.
Bjarke Ingels|I like science fiction, I like fantasy, I like time travel, so I had this idea: What if you had a phone that could call into the past?
Chris Geiger, The Cancer Survivors Club|The world is such a big place; staying in one town your whole life, is like never leaving your house.
Christina Engela, Demonspawn|Christianity is constantly in danger of being hijacked by people who act out in hatred - by people who will not even hear the cries of their victims, let alone own up to their guilt.
Dan Groat, A Punctual Paymaster|Peace, a commodity purchased with friendship and safety and anything comfortable and all things familiar; peace that was a pleasant melody playing through the moments of their day; a chord striking only the notes of security and agreement and understanding and order.
Michael Gaitley, The One Thing Is Three: How the Most Holy Trinity Explains Everything|I wish every day could be Halloween. We could all wear masks all the time. Then we could walk around and get to know each other before we got to see what we looked like under the masks" - Wonder - this is absolutely beautiful
Wendy Corsi Staub, Awakening|We cry coming into the world, as everyone around us laughs with joy. And we laugh with joy leaving this world, when everyone around us cries.
Ray Conniff|No one is so completely disenchanted with the world, or knows it so thoroughly, or is so utterly disgusted with it, that when it begins to smile upon him he does not become partially reconciled to it.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|Always learn poems by heart. They have to become the marrow in your bones. Like fluoride in the water, they'll make your soul impervious to the world's soft decay.
Vikram Roy|There is a certain proper and luxurious way of lying in bed. Confucius, that great artist of life, "never lay straight" in bed, "like a corpse", but always curled up on one side. I believe one of the greatest pleasures of life is to curl up one's legs in bed. The posture of the arms is also very important, in order to reach the greatest degree of aesthetic pleasure and mental power. I believe the best posture is not lying flat on the bed, but being upholstered with big soft pillows at an angle of thirty degrees with either one arm or both arms placed behind the back of one's head.
Oliver Sacks, Musicophilia: Tales of Music and the Brain|There are, of course, inherent tendencies to repetition in music itself. Our poetry, our ballads, our songs are full of repetition; nursery rhymes and the little chants and songs we use to teach young children have choruses and refrains. We are attracted to repetition, even as adults; we want the stimulus and the reward again and again, and in music we get it. Perhaps, therefore, we should not be surprised, should not complain if the balance sometimes shifts too far and our musical sensitivity becomes a vulnerability.
Ty Simpkins|My mom and father are extremely proud. They love it when I don't die. I've done so many movies where I've died that their first question when I book a job is, 'So, are you going to die in this?'
Carolyn Custis James, The Gospel of Ruth: Loving God Enough to Break the Rules|Not every woman has a Boaz in her life. Sometimes the male voices we hear are cautioning us to hold back instead of urging us to serve God wholeheartedly with them. Sometimes the cautioning voices we hear belong to other women. Sometimes those who have the power to facilitate our callings and clear a path for us set up roadblocks instead. Ruth, Naomi, and Boaz remind us powerfully that even in a dark era like the days of the judges, God always has his people and the Blessed Alliance is still alive and well. He is working in our hearts, summoning us to be strong and courageous like Ruth - to embrace and embody his gospel on our 'bit of earth.
Jared Taylor|Managers who inspire extraordinary loyalty from their people tend to be highly charismatic, humorous, good-looking, and tall. So, by all means, strive to be those things. If you don't feel able to improve any of those factors very much, you might consider holding on to your people by designing a little slack into their lives.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|There is sanctity in knowing, being, wanting, feeling all of everything for you.
Michele L. Rivera, Taking the Lead|Just remember, someday you might be asking for forgiveness. And if that day were to come, you would want it, wouldn’t you?
Lois Capps|When something is new to us, we treat it as an experience. We feel that our senses are awake and clear. We are alive.
Judith Martin|A brain is a society of very small, simple modules that cannot be said to be thinking, that are not smart in themselves. But when you have a network of them together, out of that arises a kind of smartness.
D. W. Griffith|I think a great first date would be something different... not like movies or going to dinner... going rock climbing together... doing an activity and then going to dinner, so that you guys share an experience, and then you have something to talk about, and it's not the same old thing.
Himmilicious|It is not really hard to understand when women say that they like 'tall,dark and handsome' men..They simply mean a tall man with dark fantasies and handsome salary..
Heather Fleener, Chosen|No ruby slippers here, just a lot of supernatural jackassess.
Gro Harlem Brundtland|Intervention for the prevention and control of osteoporosis should comprise a combination of legislative action, educational measures, health service activities, media coverage, and individual counselling to initiate changes in behaviour.
Edgar Allan Poe|It is more than probable that I am not understood; but I fear, indeed, that it is in no manner possible to convey to the mind of the merely general reader, an adequate idea of that nervous intensity of interest with which, in my case, the powers of meditation (not to speak technically) busied and buried themselves, in the contemplation of even the most ordinary objects of the universe.
Dan Wells, Ruins|Cherish the others in your life. Cherish your freedom to be yourself. Cherish your freedom to choose who you want to be, what you want to do next.
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|Though money cannot acquire you happiness, it does not mean that both money and happiness cannot exist together.
Linda Fisher Thornton|In the midst of a culture that is rationally organized for a vocational workaday life, there is hardly any room for the cultivation of acosmic brotherliness, unless it is among strata who are economically carefree. Under the technical and social conditions of rational culture, an imitation of the life of Buddha, Jesus, or Francis seems condemned to failure for purely external reasons.
Theodore Roosevelt|The death-knell of the republic had rung as soon as the active power became lodged in the hands of those who sought, not to do justice to all citizens, rich and poor alike, but to stand for one special class and for its interests as opposed to the interests of others.
Mark A. Noll|Ultimately, intellectual work of this sort is its own reward, because it is focused on the only One whose recognition is important, the One before whom all hearts are open.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Humility is not thinking less of myself, but thinking about myself less.
Nalini Singh, Angels' Flight|He looks like an angel, sings like an angel. He found my breaking heart and coaxed it into a new rhythm.
Jules Renard|The story I am writing exists, written in absolutely perfect fashion, some place, in the air. All I must do is find it, and copy it.
Natalie Kendall|If you keep on dreaming, you'll never achieve anything. But if you start hardworking, I know you will do
Anonymous ., The Angel Affect: The World Wide Mission|Everything you say, everything you do and every decision you make comes back to you. If you want to make friends, be friendly. If you want to be rich, be generous, if you want to be understood by others, take time to be understanding of them. And if you want to be heard, then listen. Life is what you make out of it. So If you want the world to change, start with the one in the mirror. What you give is eventually what you get. Whatever it is you hope to achieve in this life, give it, nurture it, be it, and you will enjoy a lifetime filled with it many times over.
Whitney Houston|Everybody thinks I'm, like, a bad boy. I've had my day, but I just sit at home and play the blues mostly.
Mario Benedetti, La muerte y otras sorpresas|La verdad, es que en el fondo soy un fatalista. Si a uno le llega la hora, da lo mismo un Boeing que la puntual maceta que se derrumba sobre uno desde un séptimo piso
Mohith Agadi|The worst thing that can happen to you today is "nothing" because anything else, either good or bad, can help you learn to live life to the fullest.
Bill Moyers|Get government out of our way, and let freedom and the spirit of the American people shine through.
Michael Korda|I'd really like to get the girl, shoot the gun, drive the car, have fun. I even have these kind of action dreams, where I'm the action guy.
Melika Dannese Lux, Corcitura|I had lied to myself from the very beginning, deceived myself into believing that I was being fanciful and overly imaginative. Surely such monstrosities only existed in nightmares? Yet I had lived through a nightmare these past months, and that was no dream at all.       I was still fighting against the awful truth, not wanting to give in, searching my mind for a logical explanation—but there was none. And the most horrible realization of all was that I had known, somewhere deep inside, ever since the day I first set eyes on Vladec Salei.       Plague carrier.       Living death.       Drainer of life.       The phrasing did not matter. No euphemism could strike fear into the hearts of men the way that single word 
Robert Lynd|Hope is the thing with feathers, that perches in the soul...
Alexander Henry|What I can do for my country, I am willing to do.
Anndrue Martin|I haven’t seen angels, but I am sure they are not as beautiful as you are.
Jameson Fitzpatrick|We must love one another whether or not we die.Love can’t block a bulletbut it can’t be destroyed by one either,and love is, for the most part, what makes Us Us—in Orlando and in Brooklyn and in Kabul.We will be everywhere, always;there’s nowhere else for Us, or you, to go.Anywhere you run in this world, love will be there to greet you.Around any corner, there might be two men. Kissing.
Goldie Hawn|Why not just live in the moment, especially if it has a good beat?
Atul Gawande, Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End|People seemed to have two different selves—an experiencing self who endures every moment equally and a remembering self who gives almost all the weight of judgment afterward to two single points in time, the worst moment and the last one. The remembering self seems to stick to the Peak-End rule even when the ending is an anomaly. Just a few minutes without pain at the end of their medical procedure dramatically reduced patients’ overall pain ratings even after they’d experienced more than half an hour of high level of pain. “That wasn’t so terrible,” they’d reported afterward. A bad ending skewed the pain scores upward just as dramatically.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|When your army has crossed the border, you should burn your boats and bridges, in order to make it clear to everybody that you have no hankering after home.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|If you could have sufficient insight into all the inner and outer parts of your mental life, along with remembrance and intelligence enough to consider all the circumstances and take them into account, you would be a true prophet and visualize the future in the present as in a mirror.
Otessa Moshfegh|Its the map of my childhood, my sadness, my Eden, my hell and home. when I look at it now, my heart swells with gratitude, then shrinks with disgust.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|Devil has to offer many diabolical grimaces: One of these caricatures is prejudice, it stirs up hatred.
Friedrich Durrenmatt|I came seriously close to getting married four times, and each time I backed off in fear or for one reason or another. Each occasion was different, but in hindsight when I look at the people involved, it wasn't a bad thing what I did. I think it may have been more complex had the marriage taken place.
Malti Bhojwani|My Pakistanis, you have not left me alone and I promise, I will never leave you alone in sha Allah
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Flesh is the Bible’s word for unperfected human nature. Leaving off the “h” and spelling it in reverse, we have the word self. Flesh is the self-life: it is what we are when we are left to our own devices.
David Hume|It is worth noting that a wrong folkoric definition of an Inertial Frame in the Popular Science literature (even in text books) reads that 'it is a frame in uniform motion'. We know very well by now that the idea of motion requires a frame of reference, so that such a definition of an Inertial Frame has no meaning whatsoever, confusing the reader because it tacitly reaffirms the idea of absolute motion -- when the goal of every didactic exposition of Relativity Theory should be precisely the opposite.
Sara Sheridan, On Starlit Seas|A journey is an achievement, Maria, just as much as a mathematical proof.
M.Z.Riffi - The Queen of Granada|Throughout the history of mankind, there have been two kinds of people; those who write the books and those who burn them. The rest of us are only bystanders.
Danika Stone, All the Feels|Xander stood at the end of the bed, hands on hips, the jacket she'd helped him sew thrown open, a gold-threaded waistcoat glimmering underneath. He was the Regency hero today, but she didn't feel like being saved.
David James Poissant, The Heaven of Animals: Stories|I had turned my mind from my survival just as a man suffering from a deadly sickness manages by a thousand tricks never to look at death squarely; or rather, as a woman alone in a large house refrains from looking into mirrors, and instead busies herself with trivial errands, so that she may catch no glimpse of the thing whose feet she hears at times on the stairs.
Madalyn Murray O'Hair|I had seen people who had lost everything and everyone they loved to war, famine, and natural disasters.
J. Michael Straczynski|I believe in the brotherhood of man, all men, but I don't believe in brotherhood with anybody who doesn't want brotherhood with me. I believe in treating people right, but I'm not going to waste my time trying to treat somebody right who doesn't know how to return the treatment.
Maggie Q|Something I've realized lately, to my shock, is that I am an optimist, in that I think humans are almost infinitely capable of self-change and self-modification, and that we really can build the future that we want if we're smart about it.
Jack McClelland, Imagining Canadian Literature: The Selected Letters|It has been our experience that American houses insist on very comprehensive editing; that English houses as a rule require little or none and are inclined to go along with the author's script almost without query. The Canadian practice is just what you would expect--a middle-of-the-road course. We think the Americans edit too heavily and interfere with the author's rights. We think that the English publishers don't take enough editorial responsibility. Naturally, then, we consider our editing to be just about perfect. There's no doubt about it, we Canadians are a superior breed! (in a letter to author Margaret Laurence, dated May, 1960)
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|When it comes to meeting new people, playing well with others, and connecting on deeper levels, there are inherent gaps which can be closed only by being brave. When is bravery needed?
Debasish Mridha|Start your day by awakening early to welcome the morning sun with a smile, love, and gratitude.
Vin Scully|There are hurdles, there are handicaps, hardships you have to face in life, but you hope for a great future.
Jonathan Maas, The Dog That Laid Eggs|Marco Polo had seen the inhabitants of Zipangu place rose-colored pearls in the mouths of the dead. A sea-monster had been enamoured of the pearl that the diver brought to King Perozes, and had slain the thief, and mourned for seven moons over its loss.
Annette Johnson|Do not open that door until I'm in my room. I may be old and losing my hair, but I still want to look nice for a handsome man.
William Ellery Channing|What good does it do me, after all, if an ever-watchful authority keeps an eye out to ensure that my pleasures will be tranquil and races ahead of me to ward off all danger, sparing me the need even to think about such things, if that authority, even as it removes the smallest thorns from my path, is also absolute master of my liberty and my life; if it monopolizes vitality and existence to such a degree that when it languishes, everything around it must also languish; when it sleeps, everything must also sleep; and when it dies, everything must also perish? 
Lee Davidson, Elite|If upper management found out, they’d send you off to the Probing Department.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Neither Peter in his work to include Gentiles in the church nor the abolitionists in their campaign against slavery argued that their experience should take precedence over Scripture. But they both made the case that their experience should cause Christians to reconsider long-held interpretations of Scripture. Today, we are still responsible for testing our beliefs in light of their outcomes—a duty in line with Jesus's teaching about trees and their fruit.
Stanislaw Ulam|When I was a boy I felt that the roll of rhyme in poetry was to compel one to find the un-obvious- because of the necessity of finding a word which rhymes. This forces novel associations, and almost guarantees deviations from routine chains or trains of thought. It becomes, paradoxically, a sort of automatic mechanism of originality.
Ross Macdonald, The Drowning Pool|The fireworks went on for nearly half an hour, great pulsing strobes, fiery dandelions and starbursts of light brightening both sky and water. It was hard to tell which was reality and which was reflection, as if there were two displays, above and below, going on simultaneously—one in space-time, mused Max, and the other in time-space.
Shannon L. Alder|Always give your resume of good deeds when you run into someone that you wronged many years ago. They simply need to know today's version of you, before they judge you on yesterday's news.
Edith Pearlman, Binocular Vision: New and Selected Stories|They were relieved that I was chosen by a human being," she'd said to Angelica in her dry voice. "They were braced for an interspecies liaison.
Rebecca Addison, The 'Ohana Tree|Ohana isn’t just your blood, Tess. It’s the family you choose for yourself. Family isn’t just the people who made you; it’s the people who love you.
Kate Braverman, Small Craft Warnings: Stories|The Peruvian flute music is . . . cool. In this music, they have not yet invented the industrial revolution that leads to excessive punctuality or the failed experiment they call the nuclear family. This is the music of elements, untarnished, unrehearsed.
Jeffrey Fry|Master yourself, your thoughts and feelings, and you master the whole universe.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|I'm a devil at a quick mistake, and when I make one it takes the form of Lead.
Geoffrey Wood|Whoever infringes upon individual 'charity,'" I began, "infringes upon man's nature and scorns his personal dignity. But the organizing of 'social charity' and the question of personal freedom are two different questions and are not mutually exclusive. Individual goodness will always abide, because it is a personal need, a living need for the direct influence of one person on another. ...In sowing your seed, in sowing your 'charity,' your good deed in whatever form it takes, you give away part of your person and receive into yourself part of another's; you mutually commune in each other; a little more attention, and you will be rewarded with knowledge, with the most unexpected discoveries. You will be bound, finally, to look at your work as a science; it will take in the whole of your life and maybe fill the whole of it. On the other hand, all your thoughts, all the seeds you have sown, which you may already have forgotten, will take on flesh and grow; what was received from you will be passed on to someone else. And how do you know what share you will have in the future outcome of human destiny? And if the knowledge and the whole life of this work finally raises you so high that you are able to plant a tremendous seed, to bequeath a tremendous thought to mankind, then...
John Art|... on the historical scale, the damages wrought by individual violence for selfish motives are insignificant compared to the holocausts resulting from self-transcending devotion to collectively shared belief-systems. It is derived from primitive identification instead of mature social integration; it entails the partial surrender of personal responsibility and produces the quasi-hypnotic phenomena of group-psychology.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg|The enormous difference between fighting gender discrimination as opposed to race discrimination is good people immediately perceive race discrimination as evil and intolerable. But when I talked about sex-based discrimination, I got the response, 'What are you talking about? Women are treated ever so much better than men!
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|At any given moment in our lives, there are certain things that could have happened but didn't. The magic momentsgo unrecognized, and then suddenly, the hand of destiny changes everything.
Feisal Abdul Rauf|'Matterhorn' is my metaphor of the Vietnam War - we built it, we abandoned it, we assaulted it, we lost, and then we abandoned it again.
Michaelangelo|The greatest risk to man is not that he aims too high and misses, but that he aims too low and hits.
Alex Rodriguez|Passion is needed for any great work, and for the revolution, passion and audacity are required in big doses.
Lawrence Clark Powell|Books themselves need no defense. Their spokesmen come and go, their readers live and die, they remain constant.
Alexei Panshin, The Thurb Revolution|When he appeared before the lord, his lordship was smitten immediately with the boy's unadorned beauty, like a first glimpse of the moon rising above a distant mountain. The boy's hair gleamed like the feathers of a raven perched silently on a tree, and his eyes were lovely as lotus flowers. One by one his other qualities became apparent, from his nightingale voice to his gentle disposition, as obedient and true as a plum blossom.
Max Nordau|What I respect as far as in myself and in others is the spirit of just doing it. For better or worse, it may work and it may not, but I'm going to go for it. Ultimately I probably prefer to be respected for that than whether it works out or not, either winning or losing.
Abhijit Naskar|The Bible is not religion, nor are the Vedas. The Torah is not religion, nor is the Quran, or any other scripture on earth.
Leo Tolstoy|The love we have for our native land would be good and praiseworthy if it did not degenerate, as we see it does everywhere, into vanity, the spirit of predominance, acquisitiveness, hate, envy, nationalism, and militarism
Gunter Grass|Let them look to the past, but let them also look to the future; let them look to the land of their ancestors, but let them look also to the land of their children.
J.M. Coetzee, The Childhood of Jesus|Why?' says the boy.'Why? Because staying alive is more important than anything else.''Why is staying alive more important than anything?'He is about to answer, about to produce the correct, patient, educative words, when something wells up inside him. Anger? No. Irritation? No: more than that. Despair? Perhaps: despair in one of its minor forms. Why? Because he would like to believe he is guiding the child through the maze of the moral life when, correctly, patiently, he answers his unceasing 'Why' questions. But where is there any evidence that the child absorbs his guidance or even hears what he says?He stops where he is on the busy sidewalk. Inés and the boy stop too, and stare at him in puzzlement. 'Think of it in this way,' he says. 'We are tramping through the desert, you and Inés and I. You tell me you are thirsty and I offer you a glass of water. Instead of drinking the water you pour it out in the sand. You say you thirst for answers: 'Why this? Why that?' I, because I am patient, because I love you, offer you an answer each time, which you pour away in the sand. Today, at last, I am tired of offering you water. 'Why is staying alive important?' If life does not seem important to you, so be it.'Inés raises a hand to her mouth in dismay. As for the boy, his face sets in a frown. 'You say you love me but you don't love me,' he says. 'You just pretend.
Ernesto Sabato, El túnel|In any case, there was only one tunnel, dark and lonely, mine, the tunnel in which I had spent my childhood, my youth, my whole life. And in one of those transparent lengths of the stone wall I had seen this girl and had gullibly believed that she was traveling another tunnel parallel to mine, when in reality she belonged to the broad world, to the world without confines of those who do not live in tunnels; and perhaps she had peeped into one of my strange windows out of curiosity and had caught a glimpse of my doomed loneliness, or her fancy had been intrigued by the mute language, the clue of my painting.And then, while I advanced always along my corridor, she lived her normal life outside, the exciting life of those people who live outside, that strange, absurd life in which there are dances and parties and gaiety and frivolity. And it happened at times that when I walked by one of my windows she was waiting for me, silent and longing (why was she waiting for me? why silent and longing?); but other times she did not get there on time, or she forgot about this poor creature hemmed in, and then I, with my face pressed against the glass wall, could see her in the distance, smiling or dancing carefree, or, what was worse, I could not see her at all and I imagined her in inaccessible or vile places. And then I felt my destiny a far lonelier one than I had imagined.
Dave Eggers, A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius|If you don't want anyone to know about your existence, you might as well kill yourself. You're taking up space, air.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Things change everyday. With each new dawn, it is not the same world as before. And you’re not the same person you were either.
Taraji P. Henson|You know what I really love? The CD players in a car. How when you put the CD right up by the slot, it actually takes it out of your hand, like it's hungry. It pulls it in, and you feel like it wants more silver discs.
Jerry Bridges, Trusting God: Even When Life Hurts|That which should distinguish the suffering of believers from unbelievers is the confidence that our suffering is under the control of an all-powerful and all-loving God. Our suffering has meaning and purpose in God's eternal plan, and He brings or allows to come into our lives only that which is for His glory and our good.
Deyth Banger|For the first time in years Ashley found herself feeling truly alone. Despite being surrounded by people most of every day, she was unable to connect to them in a way she considered meaningful, and found herself passing through their lives - and her own - in a state of total isolation.
Jose Luis Vilson|If "doctor" means "master teacher," then I think teaching in K-12 for 10 years deserves said title. Our practicum is potent and our expertise is in the service of children. In fact, I might start calling myself Dr. Vilson on principle. Fight me
Chris Pine|After my husband John Lennon passed away, I tried to smile for my health.
John W. Whitehead, A Government of Wolves: The Emerging American Police State|Notwithstanding the fact that infidels in all ages have battled for the rights of man, and have at all times been the fearless advocates of liberty and justice, we are constantly charged by the church with tearing down without building again. The church should by this time know that it is utterly impossible to rob men of their opinions. The history of religious persecution fully establishes the fact that the mind necessarily resists and defies every attempt to control it by violence. The mind necessarily clings to old ideas until prepared for the new. The moment we comprehend the truth, all erroneous ideas are of necessity cast aside.A surgeon once called upon a poor cripple and kindly offered to render him any assistance in his power. The surgeon began to discourse very learnedly upon the nature and origin of disease; of the curative properties of certain medicines; of the advantages of exercise, air and light, and of the various ways in which health and strength could be restored. These remarks ware so full of good sense, and discovered so much profound thought and accurate knowledge, that the cripple, becoming thoroughly alarmed, cried out, 'Do not, I pray you, take away my crutches. They are my only support, and without them I should be miserable indeed!' 'I am not going,' said the surgeon, 'to take away your crutches. I am going to cure you, and then you will throw the crutches away yourself.'For the vagaries of the clouds the infidels propose to substitute the realities of earth; for superstition, the splendid demonstrations and achievements of science; and for theological tyranny, the chainless liberty of thought.
Plato|One of the great attractions of patriotism - it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous.
Troy Polamalu|When I was at Brown, I wanted to write the great American novel, but I was too scared to take a creative course. I signed up for one, got in, and just didn't have the courage to go. I was a tremendously shy person, almost pathologically shy. The thought of peers critiquing my work - oh, God.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|So comes snow after fire, and even dragons have their endings.
James A. Michener|Prior to the monotheistic Yahweh, the gods made sense, in that they had familiar, if supra-human appetites—they didn’t just want a lamb shank, they wanted the best lamb shank, wanted to seduce all the wood nymphs, and so on. But the early Jews invented a god with none of those desires, who was so utterly unfathomable, unknowable, as to be pants-wettingly terrifying. So even if His actions are mysterious, when He intervenes you at least get the stress-reducing advantages of attribution—it may not be clear what the deity is up to, but you at least know who is responsible for the locust swarm or the winning lottery ticket. There is Purpose lurking, as an antidote to the existential void.
Luke Bryan|I have goals and aspirations, and I believe that you can go after your dreams, and it can work if you have someone there that's supporting you.
Jordan Hoechlin|To be remembered is, I think, a badic human right. Not one that occurs to a person when it is there, but like a parched throat in a desert when it is gone.
Anton Chekhov|The future is called "perhaps " which is the only possible thing to call the future. And the important thing is not to allow that to scare you.
Harriet Beecher Stowe|I'm a multi-faceted woman and person, like all women are - there's no black and white. We have shades of grey in the middle. And even many more colours that other people don't see!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A personality alters itself through a series of self-referential experiences. We are not the same as the day before. Much as a person can never set foot in exactly the same river on any given day, we are different each day. Yesterday made us, but the past cannot contain nor restrain us. We can never mentally scroll backward and be who we used to be. We must move forward in the stream of life until the day that our life force dries up and we return to dust.
Kenneth Eade, HOA Wire|So, take the idea of "rights" and drip some acid on it. Even the most adult of the Ancients knew: the source of a right is power, a right is a function of power. Take two trays of a weighing scale: put a gram on one, and on the other, put a ton. On one side is the "I", on the other is the "WE", the One State. Isn't it clear? Assuming that "I" has the same "rights" compared to the State is exactly the same thing as assuming that a gram can counterbalance a ton. Here is the distribution: a ton has rights, a gram has duties. And this is the natural path from insignificance to greatness: forget that you are a gram, and feel as though you are a millionth part of the ton...
Alin Sav|If you don't understand the principles of giving, money will make you poor.
William Shakespeare, Henry V|I am afeard there are few die well that die in battle, for how can they charitably dispose of anything when blood is their argument?
Elizabeth Brooks|Everything is all right,When you’re here,When you’re right next to me,When my hand is in yours,Don’t leave me,Don’t leave me empty handed.
Michael Chrobak, Foundations of Faith|As he walked, he felt the darkness behind him, following him. He swore he heard it whisper, “Run!
J.M. Evans|However apart, soulmates never part.
Jiang Zemin|I had no intention of entering politics, but then the force of events led me to become involved in politics.
Phil Jackson|I'm in love with love and totally believe in marriage, but that's not even on my radar right now. I am not putting energy into dating.
Kelly Clarkson|The United States has the burden to lead for peace. And not just peace - we need peace with justice, a much harder goal.
Anne Gracie, The Winter Bride|For you, anything.
Salman Rushdie, The Satanic Verses|During, he looked away from all the strain, all the scratchiness, all the fights that never got going, he closed his eyes and waited until her smile came back. He allowed himself to believe in that smile, that brilliant counterfeit of joy
Lisa Kleypas, It Happened One Autumn|You know,” she said dreamily, passing over his question, “you’re not nearly as handsome as Lord St.Vincent.”“There’s a surprise,” he said dryly.“But for some reason,” she continued, “I never want to kiss him the way I do you.” It was a good thing that she had closed her eyes, for if she had seen his expression, she might not have continued. “There is something about you that makes me feel terribly wicked. You make me want to do shocking things. Maybe it’s because you’re so proper. Your necktie is never crooked, and your shoes are always shiny. And your shirts are so starchy. Sometimes when I look at you, I want to tear off all your buttons. Or set your trousers on fire.
Colleen Hoover, Too Late|Lonliness is a bitch, but then so is alimony and child support.- a very disillusioned Apoorva, THE PLATOS ASCENSION BRIEF.
Rinker Buck|During these years in the small-talk wilderness, I also wondered why Americans valued friendliness with commerce so much. Was handing over cash the sacred rite of American capitalism—and of American life? On a day that I don’t spend money in America, I feel oddly depressed. It’s my main form of social interaction—as it is for millions of Americans who live alone or away from their families.
Guru Nanak|We swallow greedily any lie that flatters us, but we sip only little by little at a truth we find bitter.
Luis Gutierrez|I am not afraid of the pen, or the scaffold, or the sword. I will tell the truth wherever I please.
Michael  Grant, Fear|Leaders are the reflector in the society, Great leaders don't hide their face from social media.
|Don't ever shelter the feeling of discouragement in your mind, because it only comes to distract one from one's true abilities in life.
J. Christopher Herold, The Age of Napoleon|If ever you get invited into someone's home,' my father said (as he had been invited five or six times that morning), 'you go into the sitting-room and you say, “Oh, what an attractive room!" even if you think it's hideous.
Sunday Adelaja|Usually when we talk about blessings, we experience joy and anticipation of a greater presence of God in our lives
Debasish Mridha|Life is all about focusing on the goal, not on the donut hole.
Amy E. Spiegel, Letting Go of Perfect: Women, Expectations, and Authenticity|I want my kids to enjoy romance as part of the entirety of marriage, when it has been earned with commitment and hard work.
Oliver James|why are trying so hard to fit in, when you're born to stand out
Toni Anderson|When they asked Michelangelo how he made his statue of David he is reported to have said  "It is easy. You just chip away the stone that doesn't look like David."
Rensis Likert|The greater the loyalty of a group toward the group, the greater is the motivation among the members to achieve the goals of the group, and the greater the probability that the group will achieve its goals.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|Why aren’t you smiling?” Cameron asks. She picks up the Astropad and stops the video.“Because this is the beginning, not the end.
Amy Lichtenhan|Love is not dependent on someone or something outside of you. One chooses to be Love in each moment as the moment unfolds, regardless of what happened in that moment.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Passion isn't something that lives way up in the sky, in abstract dreams and hopes. It lives at ground level, in the specific details of what you're actually doing every day.
Maya Lin|I got a New York designer to build my dream store here, which is a little bit of Florence in New York. It's like the Duomo on Madison. I got inspired by Santa Maria Novella and all the Renaissance architecture.
Søren Kierkegaard|Make us, Lord, in Chesterton's distinction, travelers instead of tourists. Where the tourist defines his day by the expectation of seeing certain things, give us the traveler's openness to seeing what You will reveal.
Khaya Dlanga|I am quite content to be in my thirties, and nothing affirms that more than being around people in their late teens and early twenties.
Veronica Roth, Carve the Mark|A harsh crack followed the rumble of thunder, a lightning strike. With that, the other musicians began to play, bringing in the tinkling sounds of light rain, the deeper thrum of thicker droplets. The others played the crashing waves, the lapping of water against a nonexistent shore. All around us were the sounds of water, dripping from faucets, gushing from waterfalls.
G.K. Dutta|It’s very easy to blame others, but very difficult to prove your ability.
Nick Cave|I think preparing food and feeding people brings nourishment not only to our bodies but to our spirits. Feeding people is a way of loving them, in the same way that feeding ourselves is a way of honoring our own createdness and fragility.
Neil Jordan|I hoped that grief was similar to the other emotions. That it would end, the way happiness did. Or laughter.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|I would rather be a little nobody, then to be a evil somebody.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|Justice is always naive and self-confident; believing that it will immediately win once recognized. That is the reason why the forces of Justice are so poorly organized. On the other hand, the Evil is cynic, sly and fantastically organized. It never ever has the illusion of the ability to stand on its own feet and to win in a fair competition. That is why it is ready to use any kind of means without hesitation. And of course it does - under the banners of the most noble ideas.
George Foreman|Analysis does not set out to make pathological reactions impossible, but to give the patient's ego freedom to decide one way or another.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|True blessing comes in the dress of sweats, never delaying to wave bye to the excuses and procrastination. True blessing lies in hard work!
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you choose money over love, you will always be poor.
William Gaddis, The Recognitions|I received your letter of June 10th. I have never talked to a Jesuit priest in my life and I am astonished by the audacity to tell such lies about me. From the viewpoint of a Jesuit priest I am, of course, and have always been an atheist.
R. W. Patterson|The church is not to be judged by how useful we are as a "supportive institution" and our clergy as members of a "helping profession". The church has its own reason for being, hid within its own mandate and not found in the world. We are not chartered by the Emperor.
David W. Earle|Others hide from being real by filling the air with words; the more words they throw out, the less actual communication happens and they are left with only an illusion of connection. This is the intimacy they so ardently seek but with these coping skills find so elusive.
Marcha A. Fox, Beyond the Hidden Sky|I do, 'Merama,' Deven piped up. 'I know exactly what she means. We need to send them love and see them coming home in our mind. If we wish and believe we can be together again.''Yas!' said Zahra strongly. 'Young one has knowing. You must that do!
Connie Stevens|I want to be a lawyer, a dancer, an actress, a mother, a wife, a children's author, a distance runner, a poet, a pianist, a pet store owner, an astronaut, an environmental and humanitarian activist, a psychiatrist, a ballet teacher, and the first woman president.
Vic Johnson, Day by Day with James Allen|In life, there are no mistakes, only lessons.
Dennis Quaid|I'm focused on the next generation, because I think it's very hard to break the habit of adults who've got salt and sugar addictions and just ways of being in this world. It's very hard even for the most enlightened people at famous universities that are very wealthy to spend the money that it takes to feed the students something delicious.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|Butterflies better understand than you, the meaning of love and sacrifices one must make for their beloved.
David F. Porteous, Singular|I think I think, therefore I think I probably am.
C. JoyBell C.|Hate controls everything it touches, but love sets everything it touches free.
Genevieve Cogman, The Invisible Library|We have to report this." Kai sighed deeply in relief. "I was afraid you were going to say that we had to investigate it ourselves.""Don't be ridiculous," Irene said briskly. "We may collect fiction, but we are not required to imitate the stupider parts of it.
Shannon L. Alder|There are a lot of things I can't control. I don't know what's going to happen in the next few days.I don't want what I am going to face, what kind of choices I am going to have to make. I can't predict it. I can't control it. It's too big.' I nodded at my shovel. 'But that, I can predict. I know that if I pick up that shovel and clear the snow from the walkways, it's going to make my neighbors safer and happier.' I glanced at him and shrugged. 'It's worthwhile to me.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|If you get drunk today ask yourself why you never got drunk yesterday, and if you got drunk yesterday ask yourself today why you got drunk yesterday. Drunkenness is bad when it affects someone’s life in a bad way.
Kameron Hurley, God's War|We can understand why one of the titles given to Jesus is that of ‘prophet.’ Jesus is the last and greatest of the prophets, the one who sums them up and goes further than all of them. He is the prophet of the last, but also of the best, chance. With him there takes place a shift that is both tiny and gigantic – a shift that follows on directly from the Old Testament but constitutes a decisive break as well. This is the complete elimination of the sacrificial for the first time – the end of divine violence and the explicit revelation of all that has gone before. It calls for a complete change of emphasis and a spiritual metamorphosis without precedent in the whole history of mankind. It also amounts to an absolute simplification of the relations between human beings, in so far as all the false differences between doubles are annulled – a simplification in the sense in which we speak of an algebraic simplification.Throughout the texts of the Old Testament it was impossible to conclude the deconstruction of myths, rituals and law since the plenary revelation of the founding murder had not yet taken place. The divinity may be to some extent stripped of violence, but not completely so. That is why there is still an indeterminate and indistinct future, in which the resolution of the problem by human means alone – the face-to-face reconciliation that ought to result when people are alerted to the stupidity and uselessness of symmetrical violence – remains confused to a certain extent with the hope of a new epiphany of violence that is distinctively divine in origin, a ‘Day of Yahweh’ that would combine the paroxysm of God’s anger with a no less God-given reconciliation. However remarkably the prophets progress toward a precise understanding of what it is that structures religion and culture, the Old Testament never tips over into the complete rationality that would dispense with this hope of a purgation by violence and would give up requiring God to take the apocalyptic solution by completely liquidating the ‘evil’ in order to ensure the happiness of the chosen.
William Osorio Nicolas|When the right chance to love comes in hand, you have not to let it go, It might be the last chance you would've been waiting for and when it's gone, you will never see it again.
Stacey Kade|she could have dropped you both off. whar's the worst she can do? cry hysterically?"the gears on the ute get stuck at the lights and will pushes tom's hand out of the way and and shoves it into the correct gear."it wasn't her" he mutters after a moment."sorry?" tom says."she didn't cry""then what?"it's too quiet except for the quiet for the crap engine sounding like a lawn mower."i cried"luca bursts out laughing beside will."yeah, well i did" will says. "And it's not the thing you want to do in front of a bunch on engineers.
P.S. Baber, Cassie Draws the Universe|Seconds seem like a life time when the life you lived is slowly drained out of you by those who care not what you felt, hoped, or dreamed. When the darkness comes it is all consuming, there is no light and there is no pain. It is the never ending loss of hope that now consumes me as I die in his arms.
Don Marquis|If God created the universe, there was a time when he commenced to create. Back of that commencement there must have been an eternity. In that eternity what was this God doing? He certainly did not think. There was nothing to think about. He did not remember. Nothing had ever happened. What did he do? Can you imagine anything more absurd than an infinite intelligence in infinite nothing wasting an eternity?
Viggo Mortensen|It's sad, something coming to an end. It cracks you open, in a way - cracks you open to feeling.
Liam Howley, The Absurd Demise of Poulnabrone|...life's about accumulating wrinkles, deep as rivers and as wide as is needed to travel along their path, so that by the time you're ready to die, your life can be read.
Zooey Deschanel|It's cool cause my sister is older than me and we went to the same high school, so by the time I got to high school, I got the lowdown on all the teachers and everything.
Fred Barnett|Depart, Satan,' she said, with a complete lack of enthusiasm. — Bats 2015
Arven-TheWolfmyinnerSoul|If you can control your actions and reactions, you’ll rule the day. The key for message is …. stay in balance, Mind/Body/Spirit and you will spend the day in celebration of abundance, friendship and joy.
Sharlene Leong, inspired by love: Love is a dictionary full of everything|Wipe those tears, as they have cleansed your soul.
David Ogilvy|We are in the society of the teacher-judge, the doctor-judge, the educator-judge, the 'social-worker'-judge; it is on them that the universal reign of the normative is based; and each individual, wherever he may find himself, subjects to it his body, his gestures, his behavior, his aptitudes, his achievements.
Morrissey|Losses have propelled me to even bigger places, so I understand the importance of losing. You can never get complacent because a loss is always around the corner. It's in any game that you're in - a business game or whatever - you can't get complacent.
Adalbert de Vogüé, Aimer Le Jeune: L'Experience Monastique|One of my confreres sketched an explanation that attracted me: since the process of digestion is under the control of the brain, its cessation gave repose to the brain, allowed it a vacation.
Barbara Bush|You may think the president is all-powerful, but he is not. He needs a lot of guidance from the Lord.
Brandi L. Bates, Soledad|Sometimes transitional periods in life leave you feeling like a great big jumble of loose, split ends.
Amy Rankin, Nobody Thought I Could Do It, But I Showed Them, and So Can You!|It's Friday morning mankind!Good vibe,Don't Frown and let the monster see you smile!
Kristin Armstrong|Don't underestimate the power of your vision to change the world. Whether that world is your office, your community, an industry or a global movement, you need to have a core belief that what you contribute can fundamentally change the paradigm or way of thinking about problems.
David Blunkett|There's something I will say: In the U.S., people are very patriotic. Their patriotism is obvious. In France, for many years, you had to fight to be patriotic. People are pushing us from loving our own country.
Jorge Bucay|I can only point out a curious fact. Year after year the Nobel Awards bring a moment of happiness not only to the recipients, not only to colleagues and friends of the recipients, but even to strangers.
Mina Khan|Oh heaven and hell, stop with the tears. Given the day Sarah had just had, the tears were logical. But watching her face crumple, hearing the gut-deep harsh sobs, filled Rukh with an irrational need to pull her into his arms, wrap her in a hug.As soon as the urge had gelled into conscious thought, his essence hardened into visibility and his arms slid up around her shivering, wet body.Sarah’s eyes popped open and she staggered back with a yell.His arms tightened around her, steadying her, keeping her close. Well, shit. At least, she’d stoppedcrying.Fear-bright green eyes stared at him instead.Given he was an assassin, sent to kill her, her response was natural, even intelligent. Yet, bitterness churned in his gut at the thought of her fearing him. “It’s okay,” he whispered. “You’re safe.”“Am I hallucinating?” Her question came out as a croak.“Yes, yes you are.” That seemed a much better answer than the truth.She pinned him with her dark, direct gaze. “You’re just a figment of my imagination. A fantasy?”“Yes.” He didn’t dare move.“Then why are you still wearing clothes?
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wild Girls|Eli: Dear Lord, thank you for giving me the strength and the conviction to complete the task you entrusted to me. Thank you for guiding me straight and true through the many obstacles in my path. And for keeping me resolute when all around seemed lost. Thank you for your protection and your many signs along the way. Thank you for any good that I may have done, I'm so sorry about the bad. Thank you for the friend I made. Please watch over her as you watched over me. Thank you for finally allowing me to rest. I'm so very tired, but I go now to my rest at peace. Knowing that I have done right with my time on this earth. I fought the good fight, I finished the race, I kept the faith.
Fennel Hudson, A Waterside Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 2|The most important principle in your relationship with time is that time is perishable. No one can save time. It’s not like money. You can’t deposit the time you don’t use into an account and use it later. Time passes. Time is a constantly depleting resource. Once it’s gone, it’s gone, and you will never get it back.
Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!|If books were girls and reading was s-ss-ssss-fucking, this would be the biggest whorehouse in the county and I'd be the most ruthless pimp you ever met. Whap the girls on the butts and send them off to their tricks as fast and often as I can.
Clive Barker|I stare at my freakish eyeball, gaze into the distorted pupil until it expands and fills the mirror, fills my brain and I’m rushing through vacuum. Wide awake and so far at such speed I flatten into a subatomic contrail. That grand cosmic maw, that eater of galaxies, possesses sufficient gravitational force to rend the fabric of space and time, to obliterate reality, and in I go, bursting into trillions of minute particles, quadrillions of whining fleas, consumed. Nanoseconds later, I understand everything there is to understand. Reduced to my “essential saltes” as it were, I’m the prime mover seed that gets sown after the heat death of the universe when the Ouroboros swallows itself and the cycle begins anew with a big bang.
Petra Hermans, Voor een betere wereld|It's to have people see her instead of her condition. That's all that anybody with a disability wants. Don't sum up the person based on what you see, or what you don't understand; get to know them.
W.B. Yeats|The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper.
Anaïs Nin, Henry and June: From "A Journal of Love"--The Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin|So everybody who talks about homosexuals as a damnation better look in a mirror and try to heal their own selves. Who they call homosexuals do, at least, act out of their love. That’s better than the hate a whole lot of people act out of.
Jennifer Birkett|Art serves to confront that which is outside order, to give form to the obscene. In the process, it opens it to transformations that can not only make it safe for public consumption, not a powerful vehicle through which to address the public imagination.
Gautama Buddha, The Middle Length Discourses of the Buddha: A Translation of the Majjhima Nikaya|If we take something to be the truth, we may cling to it so much that when the truth comes and knocks on our door, we won't want to let it in.
Abha Maryada Banerjee, Nucleus: Power Women: Lead from the Core|All your THOUGHTS, are either an 'investment' to your well-being or a 'cost' to your well- being! Are your investments growing or the costs are too high..Think about it !
M. Rees, Insight|I asked him: Why didn’t you just tell me? He said: ‘If I tell you, you’ll just forget at some critical point. If you figure it out for yourself, you’ll always remember.
Ibuki Haneda, Koizora (Love Sky), Volume 1|Tatsuya: What you have "right now" won't necessarily continue on until forever...Hiro: ... Yeah, I know.
David Eddings|When you get down to the bottom of it, only about half of what we remember really happened. We tend to modify things to make ourselves look better in our own eyes and in the eyes of others. Then, if what we did wasn't really very admirable, we tend to forget that it ever happened. A normal human being's grasp on reality is very tenuous at best. Our imaginary lives are usually much nicer.
Tonny K. Brown|Sometimes the most difficult thing to do is to believe in yourself, the reason it is so hard is because it is worth it.
Loretta Livingstone, Hopes, Dreams and Medals|If we are to use the words ‘childish’ and ‘infantile’ as terms of disapproval, we must make sure that they refer only to those characteristics of childhood which we become better and happier by outgrowing. Who in his sense would not keep, if he could, that tireless curiosity, that intensity of imagination, that facility of suspending disbelief, that unspoiled appetite, that readiness to wonder, to pity, and to admire?
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures|The most thoroughly and relentlessly damned, banned, excluded, condemned, forbidden, ostracized, ignored, suppressed, repressed, robbed, brutalized and defamed of all 'Damned Things' is the individual human being. The social engineers, statisticians, psychologists, sociologists, market researchers, landlords, bureaucrats, captains of industry, bankers, governors, commissars, kings and presidents are perpetually forcing this 'Damned Thing' into carefully prepared blueprints and perpetually irritated that the 'Damned Thing' will not fit into the slot assigned it. The theologians call it a sinner and try to reform it. The governor calls it a criminal and tries to punish it. The psychologist calls it a neurotic and tries to cure it. Still, the 'Damned Thing' will not fit into their slots.
Ramana Pemmaraju|When you are disturbed by events and lose your serenity, quickly return to yourself and don't stay upset longer than the experience lasts; for you'll have more mastery over your inner harmony by continually returning to it.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Nice is a little word with a big meaning. How many times did your mother say, "Just be nice?" It's basic manners, yet in our negative world today people often neglect to extend random acts of kindness and simple acts of courtesy.
David F. Wells, Losing Our Virtue|The humble listen to their brothers and sisters because they assume they have something to learn. They are open to correction, and they become wiser through it.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|‎I know you're still young but I want you to understand and learn this now. Marriage can wait, education cannot. You're a very very bright girl. Truly you are. You can be anything you want Laila. I know this about you. And I also know that when this war is over Afghanistan is going to need you as much as its men maybe even more. Because a society has no chance of success if its women are uneducated Laila. No chance.
Nana Awere Damoah|People will doubt you, but do you doubt your own self? People will insult your integrity, but do you trust yourself? If you are at peace with yourself and with God, you can be at peace with the world.
Ed Viswanathan, Am I a Hindu?: The Hinduism Primer|I have seafoam in my veins, I understand the language of waves.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|If she was going to die, Marla didn't want to know about it.
Mark Ireland, Messages from the Afterlife: A Bereaved Father's Journey in the World of Spirit Visitations, Psychic-Mediums, and Synchronicity|Some contemporary mediums dislike the term 'psychic' because they feel it carries a negative connotation, leading people to associations with crystal balls, tea-leaf reading, fortune-telling, or other stereotypes.
John Maynard Keynes, The Economic Consequences of the Peace|The war has ended with every one owing every one else immense sums of money. Germany owes a large sum to the Allies, the Allies owe a large sum to Great Britain, and Great Britain owes a large sum to the United States. The holders of war loan in every country are owed a large sum by the States, and the States in its turn is owed a large sum by these and other taxpayers. The whole position is in the highest degree artificial, misleading, and vexatious. We shall never be able to move again, unless we can free our limbs from these paper shackles.
Chris Colfer|I look for these qualities and characteristics in people. Honesty is number one, respect, and absolutely the third would have to be loyalty.
Al Sharpton|I'm not trying to be romantic. I think you can tell when people are trying to be sexy onstage. When I was doing 'All the Way,' I was really thinking about my wife. People don't know my personal experience, but they can tell it's an honest interpretation.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|More people would be depressed, if parents tried to please their children as frequently and as badly as children try to please their parents.
Brother Andrew|God does not choose people because of their ability, but because of their availability.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity: A 50-Day Devotional|When we observe trials and tribulations in our world, there's even more reason to lighten the heavy load. Sometimes life gets tough and it's disheartening. Never mind happiness; what we genuinely need is joy! God didn't intend for us to be sad or serious all of the time. His word in Proverbs 17:22 (ESV) says, “A joyful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones.
Ada Lovelace|As instruments for knowing the objects, the sense organs are outside, and so they are called outer senses; and the mind is called the inner sense because it is inside. But the distinction between inner and outer is only with reference to the body; in truth, there is neither inner nor outer. The mind's nature is to remain pure like ether.
Henri-Frédéric Amiel|It is not what he has, nor even what he does, which directly expresses the worth of a man, but what he is.
Agona Apell, The Success Genome Unravelled: Turning Men from Rot to Rock|To the aimless man all men are equal, but to him with purpose some men are seed and others weed
Nick Coleman|I don't know how you hear music. I imagine that if you like music at all then it has, in your head, some kind of third dimension to it, a dimension suggesting space as well as surface, depth of field as well as texture.Speaking for myself, I used to hear "buildings"... three-dimensional forms of architectural substance and tension. I did not "see" these buildings in the classic synaesthetic way so much as sense them. These forms had "floors", "walls", "roofs", "windows", "cellars". They expressed volume. Music to me has always been a handsome three-dimensional container, a vessel, as real in its way as a Scout hut or a cathedral or a ship, with an inside and an outside and subdivided internal spaces.I'm absolutely certain that this "architecture" had everything to do with why music has always exerted such a hold over me. I think music was the structure in which I learned to contain and then examine emotion.
Katherine Hannigan, Ida B. . . and Her Plans to Maximize Fun, Avoid Disaster, and (Possibly) Save the World|I was saying the right things, but not the really true things.
Heidi Cullinan, Dance With Me|It was a full Spears album, apparently, and each song was as ridiculous as the one before. They were catchy, yes, but so was the plague.
Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss|Are you sleepwalking?' A voice asked behind me. "I was testing dorm security," I said. "It sucks.
Alin Sav|Know your vision, live your vision, share your vision.
Lorna Jane Cook, Outside Wonderland|A god without wrath, without intimidation, without punishment, without hell? It would be a paper tiger, a teddy bear!
Hilary Mortz|Secrets, however long they are kept, usually still manage to be brought to light. The best you can hope for is that you’ll be in control of when a secret gets out, not if it does.” -Melody in CHIMERA-
Ana Monnar|On this Mother's Day and every day before and after, I thank you God for the precious gift of my three children. I love them unconditionally.
William Ames|You need to develop, somehow, a huge amount of faith and confidence in yourself, because there's a lot of rejection throughout an actor's life and you have to believe in yourself more than anyone else.
John Mackey|When you feel great, you emanate a certain energy that translates as beautiful. I don't care if you have the standard beauty or not; it's that X-factor that comes through, and the basis of that is good health.
Ayn Rand, Anthem|There are three stupids:A woman who thinks she does not deserve more, a man who believes he is superior, and a God who considers himself always right.
Louise Penny, Bury Your Dead|Pride,’ observed Mary, who piqued herself upon the solidity of her reflections, ‘is a very common failing, I believe. By all that I have ever read, I am convinced that it is very common indeed; that human nature is particularly prone to it, and that there are very few of us who do not cherish a feeling of self-complacency on the score of some quality or other, real or imaginary.
Ukamaka Olisakwe|I don't know which is worse, going to the library or stealing and breaking the laws of Shabbat, but I know what the prophet's talking about when he says one sin begets another.
Jen Naumann, The Day Zombies Ruined My Perfectly Boring Life|We're all guilty of saying insincere things at one point or another, if only just to make the moment not totally suck as much as it truly does.
Dada Bhagwan|There are two aspects to this world; even though it is fickle, it is within principle. Through the medium of the five senses and intellectual knowledge, it appears fickle and through ‘Gnan’ (Real Knowledge) it appears to be within principle.
|Don't be discouraged when they laugh at your adversity; instead, smile at them, because through persistence, perseverance and faith, you would be laughing at their surprised faces in the future.
Ken Liu, The Grace of Kings|A little self-doubt is a good thing," said Jia, "but not excessive doubt. Sometimes we live up to the stories others tell about us.
Christopher Babson|If you don’t know exactly where you are going (and why),that is exactly where you will end up.
Mignon McLaughlin|Courage can't see around corners, but goes around them anyway.
Virginia Woolf, The Years|Thought leadership is by nature evolutionary, in that it must always be part of an ever-evolving flow.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|The medium is the message, the message is encrypted, and the encryption key is controlled by NSA.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Markheim|There’s no great dividing line between being a kid and an adult. We’re not all caterpillars turning into butterflies. You are what you are. When you grow up, you may be more careful than when you were a kid. You don’t say what you think as much as you once did. You learn to play nice. But you’re still the same person who did good things or rotten things when you were young. Whether you feel good about them or bad … whether you regret them. Well, that’s a different thing. But it’s not like they disappear forever.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Even ripples have a rhythmTo feel it, listen to their soundTap your feet as they directAnd joy shall abound…
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The soul actually demands as much attention as the body . . . the soul was made for God, and without God it is restless and in secret torment.
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals|The sight of a being who is not adorned with a single feature of a pure and good will, enjoying unbroken prosperity, can never give pleasure to an impartial rational spectator. Thus a good will appears to constitute the indispensable condition even of being worthy of happiness.
Emily Palermo|Despite what you’ve read, your sadness is not beautiful. No one will see you in the bookstore, curled up with your Bukowski, and want to save you. Stop waiting for a salvation that will not come from the grey-eyed boy looking for an annotated copy of Shakespeare,for an end to your sadness in Keats.He coughed up his lungs at 25, and flowery words cannot conceal a life barely lived. Your life is fragile, just beginning, teetering on the violent edge of the world. Your sadness will bury you alive, and you are the only one who can shovel your way out with hardened hands and ragged fingernails, bleeding your despair into the unforgiving earth.Darling, you see, no heroes are coming for you. Grab your sword, and don your own armor.
James A. Owen, Drawing Out the Dragons: A Meditation on Art, Destiny, and the Power of Choice|It ain't bragging if you've done it. There's nothing wrong with being proud of doing something well. In fact, if you intend to do something creative for a living, it's absolutely essential.[check for wording] Proper pride says, "I'm good at this." Improper pride says, "I'm better than you.
Charles V. de Vet, Second Game|The American government is premised on the theory that if the individual man is to be free, his ideas, his beliefs, his ideology, his philosophy, must be placed beyond the reach of government.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|If yourhands are tied towardsanyone who's in need ofa helping hand, let yourtangue also be tied
John   Kramer, Blythe|The smallest act of compassion can save a soul, perhaps your own.
Kate Chopin, The Awakening|A human. A bystander. A person who is not you, him or her, just me. Living under this timeless sky; never changing sky. Waiting unknowing for the day I die.
Marianne Williamson, A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of "A Course in Miracles"|The essence of true love is mutual recognition-two individuals seeing each other as they really are. We all know that the usual approach is to meet someone we like and put our best self forward, or even at times a false self, one we believe will be more appealing to the person we want to attract. When our real self appears in its entirety, when the good behavior becomes too much to maintain or the masks are taken away, disappointment comes. All too often individuals feel, after the fact-when feelings are hurt and hearts are broken-that it was a case of mistaken identity, that the loved one is a stranger. They saw what they wanted to see rather than what was really there.
K.L. Toth|I have found that the less expectation you put on others, the more happiness you will find with them and yourself.
Matthew Knisely, Framing Faith: From Camera to Pen, An Award-Winning Photojournalist Captures God in a Hurried World|If we continually let go of the moments, we let go of who we are and we lose ourselves.
John Burdett|The great weakness of the West is that it has nothing with which to inspire loyalty except wealth. But what is wealth? Another washing machine, a bigger car, a nicer house to live in? Not much to feed the spirit in all that.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|Reality prior to my language exists as an unthinkable thought. . . . life precedes love, bodily matter precedes the body, and one day in its turn language shall have preceded possession of silence.
Jennifer Murgia|Write to your heart’s content and by all means, have fun with your creation. It’s your moment to do absolutely anything within those pages.
Melica Niccole|Self improvement can be very challenging, but where there's a will, there's a way. Make your own way!
Vint Cerf|The real architecture happens within the works themselves, and that was done by the composer. That's where the real skill is. In putting together a program, you're more a curator, but that's important as well. And then the interpreting of it is where our big job is.
Sarabeth Purcell|There is this advantage about German beer: it does not make a man drunk as the word drunk is understood in England. There is nothing objectionable about him; he is simply tired. He does not want to talk; he wants to be let alone, to go to sleep; it does not matter where— anywhere.
Wole Soyinka|I never leave anything until the morning. I put my jumpers, scarves, and shoes out the night before. You never know what is going to happen. You don't want to get stressed.
Michael Bassey Johnson|I scan the room for objects to hit her with. I want to hammer over the head with something, or stab her. I don’t know what stops me, but I guess that’s the difference between a good person and a murderer. The murderer doesn’t stop themselves, but that doesn’t mean good people, like me, don’t have the same thoughts sometimes.
Scott Stabile|For the most part, I did trust my own judgement. But I was more than capable of screwing up. Just, sometimes, I forgot about that in my quest to move forward.
Tyler Hamilton|What people don't understand about depression is how much it hurts. It's like your brain is convinced that it's dying and produces an acid that eats away at you from the inside, until all that's less is a scary hollowness. Your mind fills with dark thoughts; you become convinced that your friends secretly hate you, you're worthless, and then there's no hope. I never got so low as to consider ending it all, but I understand how that can happen to some people. Depression simply hurts too much.
Gina Barreca|I guess I'm just an open-hearted, fair, good person. I try to encourage people to be their best and look inside themselves and find out what they are passionate about and expand on that and enjoy life.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Illuminated Rumi|Lyndon Johnson realized he really was President, that his identity had changed by President Kennedy's shocking death, when aides who had been like family to him minutes before, stood in his presence on Air Force One.
Arthur Schopenhauer|I bear within me the seed, the rudiments, the possibility of life's capacities and endeavors. Where might I be, if I were not here? Who, what, how could I be, if I were not me, if this outward appearance that is me did not encase me, separating my consciousness from that of others who are not me? An organism—a blind, rash, pitiful eruption of the insistent assertion of the will. Far better, really, if that will were to drift free in a night without time or space, than to languish in a prison cell lit only by the flickering, uncertain flame of the intellect.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Do not allow another person to set you back. Continue moving forward not backwards. When someone pulls you back, be like the arrow to a bow and spring forth greater than ever. And, what they thought would be your disadvantage, you turn it into your advantage.
Lupytha Hermin|When the orbits of these two satellites of ours happened to cross paths, we could be together. Maybe even open our hearts to each other. But that was only for the briefest moment. In the next instant we'd be in absolute solitude. Until we burned up and became nothing.
Maya Angelou, Letter to My Daughter|You are very kind and very intelligent and those elements are not always found together. Mrs. Eleanor Roosevelt, Dr. Mary McLeod Bethune, and my mother - yes, you belong in that category. Here, give me a kiss.
Lyndon B. Johnson|We were promised that we would have Jehovah, Jesus Christ, as our Savior and Redeemer. He would assure that we would all be resurrected. And He would make it possible for us to pass the test of life if we exercised faith in Him by being obedient.
Abhijit Naskar, The God Parasite: Revelation of Neuroscience|Should a professor of accounting or chemistry be fired for using up class time to sound off about homelessness or the war in Iraq? Yes! There is no high moral principle that prevents it. What prevents it are tenure rules that have saddled so many colleges with so many self-indulgent prima donnas who seem to think that they are philosopher kings, when in fact they are often grossly ignorant or misinformed outside the narrow confines of their particular specialty.
John Milton, The Complete Poems and Major Prose|Whose but his own? ingrate, he had of meeAll he could have; I made him just and right,Sufficient to have stood, though free to fall.Such I created all th’ Ethereal PowersAnd Spirits, both them who stood and them who fail’d;Freely they stood who stood, and fell who fell.Not free, what proof could they have giv’n sincereOf true allegiance, constant Faith or Love,Where only what they needs must do, appear’d,Not what they would? what praise could they receive?What pleasure I from such obedience paid,When Will and Reason (Reason also is choice)Useless and vain, of freedom both despoil’d,Made passive both, had served necessity,Not mee. They therefore as to right belong’d,So were created, nor can justly accuseThir maker, or thir making, or thir Fate;As if Predestination over-rul’dThir will, dispos’d by absolute DecreeOr high foreknowledge; they themselves decreedThir own revolt, not I; if I foreknewForeknowledge had no influence on their fault,Which had no less prov’d certain unforeknown.So without least impulse or shadow of Fate,Or aught by me immutable foreseen,They trespass, Authors to themselves in allBoth what they judge and what they choose; for soI form’d them free, and free they must remain,Till they enthrall themselves: I else must changeThir nature, and revoke the high DecreeUnchangeable, Eternal, which ordain’dThir freedom: they themselves ordain’d thir fall.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|...if a person remains in a state of unforgiveness the Spirit of the Lord will allow tormentors to enter him. That's what Christ told Peter when the disciple asked, "Lord, how often shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him? Up to seven times?" (Matt. 18:21).
T. S. Eliot|You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.
Anna Banks, How to Lose a Bachelor|I seem to have forgotten my towel," she said, feeling heat everywhere. I'm a fool.He stepped forward, meeting her gaze. "I seem to have forgotten my name," he said, licking his lips. "Maybe we could both get in the shower and you could scream it for me.
Ashleigh Z., Louisiana Sky|The longer we spent together, the more she discovered about me. The things I didn't want her to know. The darkness and the anger and the pain.
Jean-Paul Sartre|In love, one and one are one.
Walter Isaacson|There is a certain enthusiasm in liberty, that makes human nature rise above itself, in acts of bravery and heroism
Roland Barthes, The Neutral: Lecture Course at the Collège de France, 1977-1978|Where there is meaning, there is paradigm, and where there is paradigm (opposition), there is meaning . . . elliptically put: meaning rests on conflict (the choice of one term against another), and all conflict is generative of meaning: to choose one and refuse the other is always a sacrifice made to meaning, to produce meaning, to offer it to be consumed.
D. Antoinette Foy|What is the finding of love, but a voice answering a voice?
Virginia Woolf, Three Guineas|The questions that we have to ask and to answer about that procession during this moment of transition are so important that they may well change the lives of men and women forever. For we have to ask ourselves, here and now, do we wish to join that procession, or don't we? On what terms shall we join that procession? Above all, where is it leading us, the procession of educated men?...Let us never cease from thinking--what is this "civilisation" in which we find ourselves? What are these ceremonies and why should we take part in them? What are these professions and why should we make money out of them? Where in short is it leading us, the procession of the sons of educated men?
Steve Maraboli|Life is like an ocean; an endlessly elegant dance between serenity and chaos. And while idly watching this can be so beautiful, that’s not what life is for. Don’t just stand on the shore… jump in!
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|Distance can make a love fade, while closeness can make hate flare; as distance can make hate fade, while closeness can make love flare.
Stuart J. Scesney|When life gives you lemons...add melted butter , toasted paprik and dip some lobster in it!
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Drive,determination,and belief are important to build your success but dont ever miss one very important thing is the ATTITUDE.
David G. McAfee|It is a stage that all of those who are striving and competing are competing for it and it is a kind of life that if you are missing it you are one of the dead.It is a light that if you are without it you are in and ocean of darkness. It is a medicine or cure that if you are without it, your heart becomes a place of sicknesses.It is a sweetness or pleasure that if you are without it, life becomes a thing of worries and of pain.
Edward T. Hall, The Hidden Dimension|Americans are interesting creatures. They criticize those who speak their language with a slight accent but have no issues with butchering most other languages, my name included.
Tony Blair|True openness is the accompaniment of the desire to know, hence of the awareness of ignorance. To deny the possibility of knowing good and bad is to suppress true openness.
Gabby Douglas|The generality of men are naturally apt to be swayed by fear rather than reverence, and to refrain from evil rather because of the punishment that it brings than because of its own foulness.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The First Salute|Riches and abundance come hypocritically clad in sheep's clothing, pretending to be security against anxieties, and they become then the object of anxiety. They secure a man against anxieties just about as well as the wolf that is put to tending the sheep.
John Piper, When I Don't Desire God: How to Fight for Joy|By nature, we get more pleasure from God's gifts then from Himself.
Georgette Heyer, A Blunt Instrument|Nothing doing. I've no doubt you think I should look noble as a sacrifice. But I've never wanted to look noble, and I won't be made to. -- Neville Fletcher
Kate Boehm Jerome|It’s no secret that kids thrive when they have meaningful conversations with caring adults. But in our busy world, it’s not easy to find ways to make this happen, so I developed READ TOGETHER/DO TOGETHER™ to help parents and grandparents create those magic moments.
Auliq Ice, The Secret of Greatness|Belief is the essential ingredient for success, thus if you believe, you can achieve, for real you will achieve.
Ilie Ruby, The Salt God's Daughter|They walked, and the long waves rolled and murmured rhythmically beside them; the fresh salty wind blew free and unobstructed in their faces, wrapped itself around their ears, and made them feel slightly numb and deliciously dizzy. They walked along in that wide, peaceful, whispering hush of the sea that gives every sound, near or far, some mysterious importance.
Michael Chabon, The Yiddish Policemen's Union|But there is no Messiah of Sitka. Landsman has no home, no future, no fate but Bina. The land that he and she were promised was bounded only by the fringes of their wedding canopy, by the dog-eared corners of their cards of membership in an international fraternity whose members carry their patrimony in a tote bag, their world on the tip of the tongue.
Tom Wolfe|I don't know the literary world; I was scared of being confronted with famous names, not knowing what they had written. It was occupied territory I was entering.
Joshua Stannard, How Good Can It Get|You are one belief away from breakthrough. It’s a choice, so choose the next right thing, you can do it!
Abigail Adams|When you experience the emotion of sadness, there will be changes in facial expression, and your body will be closed in, withdrawn. There are also changes in your heart, your guts: they slow down. And there are hormonal changes.
Dejan Stojanovic|Our desire to say more grows bigger and what to say about it, except that saying is not always about saying, growing is not always about growing.
Karl Barth, Church Dogmatics 1.2: The Doctrine of the Word of God|There is no such thing as a special biblical hermeneutics. But we have to learn that hermeneutics which is alone and generally valid by means of the Bible as the witness of revelation. We therefore arrive at the suggested rule, not from a general anthropology, but from the Bible, and obviously, as the rule which is alone and generally valid, we must apply it first to the Bible.The fact that we have to understand and expound the Bible as a human word can now be explained rather more exactly in this way: that we have to listen to what it says to us as a human word. We have to understand it as a human word in the light of what it says.Under the caption of a truly "historical" understanding of the Bible we cannot allow ourselves to commend an understanding which does not correspond to the rule suggested: a hearing in which attention is paid to the biblical expressions but not to what the words signify, in which what is said is not heard or overheard; an understanding of the biblical words from their immanent linguistic and factual context, instead of from what they say and what we hear them say in this context; an exposition of the biblical words which in the last resort consists only in an exposition of the biblical men in their historical reality. To this we must say that it is not an honest and unreserved understanding of the biblical word as a human word, and it is not therefore an historical understanding of the Bible. In an understanding of this kind the Bible cannot be witness. In this type of understanding, in which it is taken so little seriously, indeed not at all, as a human word, the possibility of its being witness is taken away from the very outset. The philosophy which lies behind this kind of understanding and would force us to accept it as the only true historical understanding is not of course a very profound or respectable one. But even if we value it more highly, or highest of all, and are therefore disposed to place great confidence in its dictates, knowing what is involved in the understanding of the Bible, we can only describe this kind of understanding of the reality of a human word as one which cannot possibly do justice to its object. Necessarily, therefore, we have to reject most decisively the intention of even the most profound and respectable philosophy to subject any human word and especially the biblical word to this understanding. The Bible cannot be read unbiblically. And in this case that means that it cannot be read with such a disregard for its character even as a human word. It cannot be read so unhistorically.§19.1, pp. 466-467)
Little White Bird, The Dark Horse Speaks|It was never the poverty that deterred me, never the disease, unsanitary conditions, bugs or garbage, those things were never even a thought in my head as a reason for not staying. I kept looking for the good and always found it each day. I was happy on the reservation.It would have all worked out if Chief could have been a little nicer to me. The only thing I was missing was love and respect from my partner. Maybe he had changed.
Patrick Hamilton|I fear mostly my inability to capture all the things that come, I fear their mysterious source, I fear their fate, I fear me, in short. This is true…it’s like finding a river of gold when you haven’t even got a cup to save a cupful…you’ve but a thimble, and that thimble is your pathetic brain and labour and humanness.
Ice Cube|I listened, motionless and still; And, as I mounted up the hill, The music in my heart I bore, Long after it was heard no more.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|He was bored now when Emma suddenly began to sob on his breast; and his heart, like the people who can only stand a certain amount of music, became drowsy through indifference to the vibrations of a love whose subtleties he could no longer distinguish.
Naomi Novik, His Majesty's Dragon|Enough of that, you damned conspirators, you will have us hanged a great deal sooner than we will.
Micheal Slusher|As told by Kafka's close friend Max Brod:"Suddenly he began to speak to the fish in their illuminated tanks. 'Now at least I can look at you in peace, I don't eat you anymore.' It was the time he turned strictly vegetarian.
Erin Hanson|Do not hold your breath for anyone,Do not wish your lungs to be still,It may delay the cracks from spreading,But eventually they will.Sometimes to keep yourself togetherYou must allow yourself to leave,Even if breaking your own heartIs what it takes to let you breathe.
Orlando Figes, Just Send Me Word: A True Story of Love and Survival in the Gulag|I understood that the most terrible thing in life is complete hopelessness... To cross out all the 'maybes' and give up the fight when you still have strength for it is the most terrible form of suicide. It's almost unbearable to watch it happening in others. Unjustified hope - salvation for the weak in spirit and intellect - irritates me. But the loss of hope is the paralysis, even the death, of the soul. Sveta, let us hope, while we still have strength to hope.
Rodney Dangerfield|I came from a real tough neighborhood. Once a guy pulled a knife on me. I knew he wasn't a professional, the knife had butter on it.
Kelly Fiore Stultz, Taste Test|When you are successful every day, success loses its value.
Ally Condie, Matched|I’m driving,” Louis-Cesare said, sliding into the low seat as easily as if he’d done it a hundred times. “You’re drunk.”I wished. “I had all of two beers, mostly for the water content.”“If you needed water, why didn’t you drink water?”“I don’t like water.
Angela Duckworth|I come from a family of strong women, who have been positive role models for me.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|When you have scheduled an appointment, or have made a commitment, you have essentially made a promise. Keep your promises. Being punctual demonstrates your consideration for others and that you can be depended upon.
Susan C. Young|When employees are fully engaged, they produce, contribute, and perform at higher levels. As a result, re-engaged team players bring more value to their companies and empower a positive culture.
Ian MacKaye|I'm a very methodical writer. Before computers, I used reams of paper and stacks of index cards.
Rick Riordan, The Dark Prophecy|Four different kinds of Tater Tots?" I felt overwhelmed by culinary confusion. "Why would anyone need so many? Chili. Sweet potato. Blue?
G.K. Chesterton, All Is Grist: A Book of Essays|We have successful, strong-willed, independent women who stand up for conservative, traditional values. Women are leading this movement because they've been raised to be unafraid....I didn't grow up feeling oppressed. I didn't grow up feeling like a victim.
James Green Somerville|You know, a lot of people are just interested in, in building a company so they can make money and get out.
Jim Al-Khalili|For me, I think the greatest achievements of science is to allow humanity to realize that our world is comprehensible. Through science, rational thinking, we can understand how the universe works.
Scarlett Thomas, Monkeys with Typewriters: How to Write Fiction and Unlock the Secret Power of Stories|My generation must have despair. - Leonard Bernstein Ch 40/Dog Water Free, A Memoir
Judith Lewis Herman|The traumatized person is often relieved simply to learn the true name of her condition. By ascertaining her diagnosis, she begins the process of mastery. No longer imprisoned in the wordlessness of the trauma, she discovers that there is a language for her experience. She discovers that she is not alone; others have suffered in similar ways. She discovers further that she is not crazy; the traumatic syndromes are normal human responses to extreme circumstances. And she discovers, finally, that she is not doomed to suffer this condition indefinitely; she can expect to recover, as others have recovered...
Joseph Heller|Looking back on it now, I'd say one's thirties are a cruel age. At this point, I think of them as a time I whiled away unaware of the tide that can suddenly pull you out, beyond the shallows, into the sea of hardship, and even death
John Philip Sousa|I'd never been a teacher before, and here I was starting my first day with these eager students. There was a shortage of teachers, and they had been without a math teacher for six months. They were so excited to learn math.
Howard Zinn, Artists in Times of War and Other Essays|Today everybody is talking about the fact that we live in one world; because of globalization, we are all part of the same planet. They talk that way, but do they mean it? We should remind them that the words of the Declaration [of Independence] apply not only to people in this country, but also to people all over the world. People everywhere have the same right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. When the government becomes destructive of that, then it is patriotic to dissent and to criticize - to do what we always praise and call heroic when we look upon the dissenters and critics in totalitarian countries who dare to speak out.
Bethany Pierce, Feeling For Bones|For those of us with BPD, entering into a shared experience means passing through the ring of fire that leaves us feeling even more burned—and in this case branded with a label no one would ever choose to wear.
Lynne McTaggart, The Field: The Quest for the Secret Force of the Universe|When we talk of "exploring the mystical," we are not trying to dig into creation, because if you dig into creation, it will only get more complex. It will not bring clarity; it will only bring more complexity. That is why the yogis looked in a different direction. We looked inward. If you look inward, a different dimension opens up. Now instead of things getting more complex, you get to clarity. It is because of this that we say that those who look inward have a third eye. They see things that others cannot see. They have brought a new clarity to life.
|It takes a lot of faith, courage, persistence, and perseverance to live the life of a winner. But in the end, it will surely worth every blood, sweat, and tears.
Kerstin Gier, Ruby Red|Hello dead girl," Isola said, ever the hostess."Hello heartbeat girl," said the uninvited guest. "It's like a drum, it's so fucking loud. Turn it down, will you?
Samantha King|What if I were to tell you the game’s been rigged, that I was destined to win from the very beginning? To be clear: Winning is subjective. For the record: I win by losing, by avoiding the confusion of possibility, the sheer terror of potential. To make a long story short: I win when I lose and I lose by running, by pushing you away.
Stephen King, It|She had always given too much of her life over to relationships, and they’d never quite worked out. Now she was simplifying her life in favor of her career. It gave her a sense of control to watch herself succeeding, and a great deal of satisfaction.
Michael Mann|During the Great Depression, levels of crime actually dropped. During the 1920s, when life was free and easy, so was crime. During the 1930s, when the entire American economy fell into a government-owned alligator moat, crime was nearly non-existent. During the 1950s and 1960s, when the economy was excellent, crime rose again.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Angelina, I think of you as my friend, the dearest of friends, and it tortures me to go against you, but now is the time to stand with the slave. The time will come for us to take up the woman question, but not yet.""The time to assert one's right is when it's denied!
Elder Neil L. Andersen|Developing spiritual strength doesn’t come from leaning back; it comes from pressing forward, constantly seeking more light and knowledge from heaven.” In my undergraduate days, I memorized this saying: ‘On the plains of hesitation are bleached the bones of countless thousands who, at the Dawn of Victory, stopped to rest, and resting, died.’ We cannot rest. Learn, lead, build, press forward.
Thomas Henry Huxley, The Evolution Of Theology: An Anthropological Study|With theology as a code of dogmas which are to be believed, or at any rate repeated, under penalty of present or future punishment, or as a storehouse of anaesthetics for those who find the pains of life too hard to bear, I have nothing to do; and, so far as it may be possible, I shall avoid the expression of any opinion as to the objective truth or falsehood of the systems of theological speculation of which I may find occasion to speak. From my present point of view, theology is regarded as a natural product of the operations of the human mind, under the conditions of its existence, just as any other branch of science, or the arts of architecture, or music, or painting are such products. Like them, theology has a history. Like them also, it is to be met with in certain simple and rudimentary forms; and these can be connected by a multitude of gradations, which exist or have existed, among people of various ages and races, with the most highly developed theologies of past and present times.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|There are silent killers like poverty, hunger, easily preventable diseases and illnesses, and other related conditions. These remain a daily and ongoing catastrophe, but they rarely manage to achieve and sustain, prime-time headline coverage on the news. Why not report on these until someone acts on them?
Sage Blackwood, Jinx|The dog growled again, long and ferocious. The hair on my neck tingled.And just when I knew he would attack, a horrible scream split the air, and Darlene passed out and fell over on her side.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|You spend your whole life stuck in the labyrinth, thinking about how you'll escape it one day, and how awesome it will be, and imagining that future keeps you going but you never do it. You just use the future to escape the present.
Brenna Yovanoff, The Replacement|Maybe, generations ago, young people rebelled out of some clear motive, but now, we know we’re rebelling. Between teen movies and sex-ed textbooks we’re so ready for our rebellious phase we can’t help but feel it’s safe, contained. It will turn out all right, despite the risk, snug in the shell of rebellion narrative. Rebellion narrative, does that make sense? It was appropriate to do, so we did it.
J.M. Coetzee|My feelings are a fact, not a personal delusion. They are valid for me. What business have you got trying to tell me how I ought to feel?
Allen Ginsberg, Death and Fame: Last Poems, 1993-1997|I know I'm not God, are you? Don't be silly.God? God? Everybody's God? Don't be silly.
Shannon L. Alder|How you react doesn’t tell a person about your character, as much as it does your fear or God's fire. Which is it?
Walter Benjamin|I cannot sufficiently celebrate the glorious liberty that reigns in the public libraries of the twentieth century as compared with the intolerable management of those of the nineteenth century, in which the books were jealously railed away from the people, and obtainable only at an expenditure of time and red tape calculated to discourage any ordinary taste for literature.
Arby Robbins, Dream Tunnel|You can't kill an idea the way they try to. You can keep it down awhile, but sooner or later it'll come out. Now what you've got to understand is that the wheel's not evil. Never mind what the scared men all tell you. no discovery is good or evil until men make it that way." -The Wheel, John Wtndham
Laurence D. Fink|When we drop fear, we can draw nearer to people, we can draw nearer to the earth, we can draw nearer to all the heavenly creatures that surround us.
Jonathan Galassi|Poetry is really about your mental state or intellectual, and where you are, and you're trying to evoke that, explain it to yourself, whatever, you're trying to dig into it, analyse yourself.
Scott Edward Shjefte|Something ought to be said for those who see beyond what most cannot, and this most precious opportunity happens the moment when ones personal value begins blossoming its perfect absolute.
Sami Abouzid|When you go back in time, you will find out that the ones you said NO To, Were the ones who truly loved you.
Victoria Schwab, The Archived|What if I mess up?""Oh, you will. You'll mess up, you'll make mistakes, you'll break things. Some you'll be able to piece together, and others you'll lose. That's all a given. But there's only one thing you have to do for me.""What's that?""Stay alive long enough to mess up again.
Jessica Szohr|I think as a child you know when it's time for your parents to split. You realise they love each other, but they're not in love with each other. And I think as a child it's much better for your parents to split than for them to stay and have dysfunction within the family.
Georges Bataille, Van Gogh As Prometheus|Above all human existence requires stability, the permanence of things. The result is an ambivalence with respect to all great and violent expenditure of strength; such an expenditure, whether in nature or in man, represents the strongest possible threat. The feelings of admiration and of ecstasy induced by them thus mean that we are concerned to admire them from afar. The sun corresponds to that prudent concern. It is all radiance gigantic loss of heat and light, flame, explosion; but remote from men, who can enjoy in safety and quiet the fruits of this cataclysm. To earth belongs the solidity which sustains houses of stone and the steps of men (at least on its surface, for buried within the depths of the earth is the incandescence of lava).
Keira D. Skye, Dead Lullabyes in the Lake|They needed a reason why a little kid would commit murder, someone or something to point the finger at, and I think they were relieved when they hit upon horror movies as the culprit. But there's no reason a child commits murder, just as there's no reason a child gets lost. What would it be - because his parents weren't watching him? That's not a reason, it's just a step in the process.
Debasish Mridha|To create an inner peace of mind, be humble, gentle, harmonious, and kind.
Chad Anderson|Moving to San Francisco affected me in a pretty profound way, in a lot of respects. I think it helped me evolve my sound and think outside of the space I'd been in in Sacramento. The scene there is so insular and kind of feeds on itself: you just end up playing the same shows with the same people for the same people.
Gary D. Schmidt, Okay for Now|When Ben came back to me, he said, "Why are you laying with your face in the sand?"I made sure all the laughter was out of me before I rolled over. "I think it helps sunburn." I said.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Circus of the Damned|All I really wanted to do was cuddle back under the blankets, maybe with a certain stuffed toy penguin I knew. Yeah, hiding sounded good.
Argentina Palacios, Standing Tall: The Stories of Ten Hispanic Americans|My purpose in beginning the John Wimber biography project was to honor his rich legacy of teaching, his extraordinary character, and the positive & beneficial impact his life has had on my journey as a 'follower of Christ'. I esteem John Wimber's teachings, writing, and impact upon the Body of Christ to be equal with that of C.S. Lewis, Dorothy Sayers, John F. Banks, D.L. Moody, and Leanne Payne.
Kate Chopin, The Awakening|She was still under the spell of her infatuation. She had tried to forget him, realizing the inutility of remembering. But the thought of him was like an obsession, ever pressing itself upon her. It was not that she dwelt upon details of their acquaintance, or recalled in any special or peculiar way his personality; it was his being, his existence, which dominated her thought, fading sometimes as if it would melt into the mist of the forgotten, reviving again with an intensity which filled her with an incomprehensible longing.
Matt Broadway-Horner, Managing Depression with CBT For Dummies|I would like people to remember of me, howinexhaustible was her mindfulness.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|To such an extent does passion manifest itself in us as a temporary and distinct character, which not only takes the place of our normal character but actually obliterates the signs by which that character has hitherto been discernible.
Gordon B. Hinckley|To her core, she suddenly knew she was not prepared to die at the hands of this worm. She had a betrothal ball to attend, wedding vows to declare, and a good man to love.
Amit Abraham|Some days some times are remembered by me, in life’s all moments they are cherished by me
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Many times I have been driven to prayer. When I was in Bible school I didn’t know what to do with my life. I used to walk the streets . . . and pray, sometimes for hours at a time. In His timing, God answered those prayers, and since then prayer has been an essential part of my life.
Dada Bhagwan|Because of anger-pride-deceit-greed, selfishness [self-interest] remains and consequently one has no awareness of who dies or who takes birth. It is simply a wrong belief that has arisen. But after a long time, as one progresses, if he meets a Gnani Purush [the enlightened one], he will acquire the awareness that birth and death is simply a phase.
Hugh MacLennan, The Watch that Ends the Night|I’m smart in some ways- pretty good vocabulary, solid at math – but I am definitely the stupidest smart person there is… I was going to be the worst friend in the history of dying girls… Because I don’t really have a moral compass and I need to rely on (Earl) for guidance, or else I might accidentally become like a hermit or a terrorist or something. How fucked up is that.
Lisa Newton, How To Start Your Own Bookkeeping Business|Politics is the application of Sufism to earthlife...To refuse to act politically is to starve your children, destroy civilization.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|If life gives you a passport size dream, don't frame it... Order for a reprint... Go for the bigger picture of you! You deserve a bigger and bright image of you... Go and soar like an eagle!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The beginning of all pain and suffering in the world started with one act of disobedience. Christian and non-Christian alike have inherited the consequences from our common ancestors, Adam and Eve—our polluted environment and flawed human nature.
Dr. Lucas D. Shallua|Divine providence for next dimension is a natural as rest, food and water are to our natural bodies. Rest, Arise and Eat for the challenges ahead of you are too great for you.
Tom Conrad|I’m not sure what it was or where she sprayed it, but her scent will be the end of the life I loved. And I will find comfort in the simpleness of sitting with her on a Saturday afternoon with nothing else to do.
Don Kladstrup, Wine and War: The French, the Nazis, and the Battle for France's Greatest Treasure|What you are good at, you never do it free!
Brent Olson|Outside, with Labor Day having come and gone, summer is fighting a dying battle against the fall air. The leaves are hanging perilously on the trees, knowing full well they're going to make the plunge, clinging on as if they stand a chance not to. The garbage smell that has wafted around us for the better part of August is dissipating, ushered out with the humidity, and in its place a briskness is filtering in, like something you'd smell from a bottle of Tide.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|Hatred and anger are the greatest poison to the happiness of a good mind. There is, in the very feeling of those passions, something harsh, jarring, and convulsive, something that tears and distracts the breast, and is altogether destructive of that composure and tranquillity of mind which is so necessary to happiness, and which is best promoted by the contrary passions of gratitude and love.
Lynnette Brisia, Where Darkness Dwells|In order to tame death, they refuse to completely enjoy life. In rejecting complete enjoyment, they are half-dead in advance - and that with no guarantee that their sacrifice will actually benefit them when all is done.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|Market forces which are driven by self indulgent needs designing the ultimate human experiences such as intimacy, love, solidarity and commitment as not enough and no longer needed, resulting in an ongoing emptiness and on the illusion of endless enjoyment.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Your Success is defined not by what you did, but the gap between what you intended and what you finally achieved marks the relative degree of success. The more you meet your expectations, more successful you're as an individual. That's a sign of true marksmanship, not otherwise.
Tansy Rayner Roberts|A permanent base on Mars would have a number of advantages beyond being a bonanza for planetary science and geology. If, as some evidence suggests, exotic micro-organisms have arisen independently of terrestrial life, studying them could revolutionise biology, medicine and biotechnology.
Anthony Joshua|Coming together should be considered something positive for people and communities. When thoughts come together, that can be more positive than an individual thought.
Sandra L. Schneider|When our hopes for performance are not completely met, realistic optimism involves accepting what cannot now be changed, rather than condemning or second-guessing ourselves. Focusing on the successful aspects of performance (even when the success is modest) promotes positive affect, reduces self-doubt, and helps to maintain motivation (e.g., McFarland & Ross, 1982).... Nevertheless, realistic optimism does not include or imply expectations that things will improve on their own. Wishful thinking of this sort typically has no reliable supporting evidence. Instead, the opportunity-seeking component of realistic optimism motivates efforts to improve future performances on the basis of what has been learned from past performances.
Judith Pella|... I will say this. Marriage is work. It's hard work. Harder than anything else you'll ever do. Believe me, I know. And do you want to know why?' James nodded and Ben Latrobe leaned forward as if to impart a deep, mysterious secret. 'Because marriage isn't about the wedding or the wedding trip afterward. It isn't about cozy nights spent in each other's arms or the way she makes you feel when she smiles. Oh, those things all have a part in it, but a very minor one. No, James, marriage is about sticking it out when it isn't so nice. Marriage is being there to pick up the pieces when your perfect world falls apart. It's seeing the mess you've made of things and being willing to work through it until you have created something better than you had before. It's listening to her fears, her troubles, and concerns. It's eating meals that don't taste as good as those your mother fixed, enduring her temperamental outburts and tears, and not giving up when things get hard.' Latrobe paused for a moment and a frown lined his face where the smile had been only moments before. 'True love is standing by your mate when his health fails, along with his business.' ... 'It's knowing that the world goes on and you can depend on each other even when everything else around you lies in ruins at your feet...
T.J. Klune, Bear, Otter, and the Kid|He hesitates, then says, "You don't think Otter... gets offended by what I say?" He begins to speak faster. "I mean, I don't care who Otter sleeps with. I don't care that he's a fa- gay. I don't care that he's gay. Why would I ?" He grins thinly. "He's my brother. You don't turn away from someone like him just because he likes sick instead if the good stuff.
Carley Sutherlin|your gonna meet new people, but be careful most of them are 2 faced. But remember the most important people is God and family aren't 2 faced so look up to the ones that are important in your life.
Marian Keyes, Watermelon|The feel of them (books) and the smell of them. A bookshop was like an Aladdin's cave for me. Entire worlds and lives can be found just behind that glossy cover. All you had to do was look." Claire (Watermelon)
Debasish Mridha|At the end of our lives, nothing remains except memories.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|The poor man shuddered, overflowed with an angelic joy; he declared in his transport that this would last through life; he said to himself that he really had not suffered enough to deserve such radiant happiness, and he thanked God, in the depths of his soul, for having permitted that he, a miserable man, should be so loved by this innocent being.
Stephen Cosgrove, Gnome from Nome|So when you're coldFrom the inside outAnd don't know what to do,Remember love and friendship, And warmth will come to you.
Brené Brown|Her voice was loud and cheerful, the way it was when nothing was well and she was determined not to show it.
Richard Wurmbrand, Tortured for Christ N/E|I have found truly jubilant Christians only in the Bible, in the Underground Church and in prison.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Rejoice and be glad, you have life, the greatest gift.
Vikrmn, 10 Alone|Nuclear Weapons aren't much of a threat, today; compared to Families of the world, going Nuclear.
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupāda, Bhagavad-Gita As It Is|For man, mind is the cause of bondage and mind is the cause of liberation. Mind absorbed in sense objects is the cause of bondage, and mind detached from the sense objects is the cause of liberation.
Clint   Smith|Only a few days after my encounter with the police, two patrolmen tackled Alton Sterling onto a car, then pinned him down on the ground and shot him in the chest while he was selling CDs in front of a convenience store, seventy-five miles up the road in Baton Rouge. A day after that, Philando Castile was shot in the passenger seat of his car during a police traffic stop in Falcon Heights, Minnesota, as his girlfriend recorded the aftermath via Facebook Live.Then, the day after Castile was killed, five policemen were shot dead by a sniper in Dallas. It felt as if the world was subsumed by cascades of unceasing despair. I mourned for the family and friends of Sterling and Castille. I felt deep sympathy for the families of the policemen who died. I also felt a real fear that, as a result of what took place in Dallas, law enforcement would become more deeply entrenched in their biases against black men, leading to the possibility of even more violence.The stream of names of those who have been killed at the hands of the police feels endless, and I become overwhelmed when I consider all the names we do not know—all of those who lost their lives and had no camera there to capture it, nothing to corroborate police reports that named them as threats. Closed cases. I watch the collective mourning transpire across my social-media feeds. I watch as people declare that they cannot get out of bed, cannot bear to go to work, cannot function as a human being is meant to function. This sense of anxiety is something I have become unsettlingly accustomed to. The familiar knot in my stomach. The tightness in my chest. But becoming accustomed to something does not mean that it does not take a toll. Systemic racism always takes a toll, whether it be by bullet or by blood clot.
bell hooks, Communion: The Female Search for Love|Men did care enough to struggle with our demands. And some cared enough to convert to feminist thinking and to change. But only a very, very few loved us – loved us all the way. And that meant respecting our sexual rights. To this day I believe that feminist debate about love and sexuality ended precisely because straight women did not want to face the reality that it was highly unlikely in patriarchal society that a majority of men would wholeheartedly embrace women’s right to say no in the bedroom. Since the vast majority of heterosexual women, even those involved in radical feminist movement, were not willing to say no when they did not want to perform sexually for the fear of upsetting or alienating their mate, no significant group of men ever had to rise to the occasion. While it became more acceptable to say no now and then, it was not acceptable to say no for any significant amount of time. An individual woman in a primary relationship with a man could not say no, because she feared there was always another woman in the background who could take her place, a woman who would never say no.
Lysley Tenorio, Monstress|...that breath of relief that there is someone in the world, finally, who understands what hurts you.
Daniel Nayeri, Another Faust|Do you know what makes someone beautiful? Confidence. You don't have to have this shape eyes or that shape lips. No one seems to be able to decide which shape is best anyway. You can have every kind of blemish. It's confidence that attracts people. That's what everybody's looking for. It's what no potion can really give you. And believe me, Belle, you've got it. You've got it if you want it.
Joe Abercrombie, Best Served Cold|I apologise, your Highness. Murder can be a painful business.
A.J. Liebling|Khrushchev, too, looks like the kind of man his physicians must continually try to diet, and historians will some day correlate these sporadic deprivations, to which he submits “for his own good,” with his public tantrums. If there is to be a world cataclysm, it will probably be set off by skim milk, Melba toast, and mineral oil on the salad.
Nicole  Williams, Crash|Reality is funny, Your's will always be different than mine. This turns the truth into an illusion. They say everyone lies so what do we do? We believe in ourselves! You are the only real....
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|The power and magnetic pull of your vision is hinged on the purpose and passion behind it and, most importantly, the intent.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|Come to think of it, maybe God is a He after all, because only a cruel force would create something this beautiful and make it inaccessible to most people.
Ricardo Montalban|I have no sense of patriotism, but I do have a sense of community.
Dave Hunt, An Urgent Call To A Serious Faith|The choice we face is not, as many imagine, between heaven and hell. Rather, the choice is between heaven and this world. Even a fool would exchange hell for heaven; but only the wise will exchange this world for heaven.
Dean Koontz|No one and nothing outside of you can give you salvation, or free you from the misery. You have to light your own lamp. You have to know the miniature universe that you yourself are.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you really want to be an effective time manager, you will have to learn to say no to other people and do so frequently.
Pablo Schreiber|I'm lucky to have my dad in my life. He's very brilliant, I think he's really a smart man, and he's a kind guy.
Jackie Morse Kessler, Hunger|A smile flitted across War's mouth, hidden by her helmet. She had little patience for religion (although she approved heartily of the religious fanatics who sought to cleanse the world of heresy), and the only faith War had was in cold steel and hot blood.
S. Kelley Harrell, Gift of the Dreamtime - Reader's Companion|Apparently, we have become such a hyper-individualized culture that it is impossible to develop an argument based on how individual cases fit into the fabric of the common good.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|And, lying on my bed in some biscuit-colored hotel room in Nice, with a balcony facing the Promenade des Anglais, I watch the clouds reflected on sliding panes and marvel even how my sadness can make me happy . . .
Rick Riordan, The Serpent's Shadow|The Universe, is a woman - and she lives forever.  27.03.13
Anthony Liccione|Trust is like a two-way mirror, transparent on one side, with a blind dimness unable to see through on the other side.
Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell|It was as if a door had opened somewhere. Or possibly a series of doors. There was a sensation as of a breeze blowing into the house and bringing with it the half-rememberedscents of childhood. There was a shift in the light which seemed to cause all the shadows in the room to fall differently. There was nothing more definite than that, and yet, as oftenhappens when some magic is occurring, both Drawlight and the lady had the strongest impression that nothing in the visible world could be relied upon any more. It was as if one might put out one's hand to touch any thing in the room and discover it was no longerthere.
Anton Chekhov, Ivanov|Lebedev: A time has come of sorrow and sadness for you. Man, my dear friend, is like a samovar. It doesn't always stand on a shelf in the chill but sometimes they put hot coals in it and it goes psh... psh! This comparison is worthless but you won't think up a cleverer one.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without work, we die daily.
B. Dave Walters|It doesn't matter what anyone else thinks. What matters is you can look in the mirror, and love who you see.
Megan Frazer Blakemore, The Friendship Riddle|Don’t wait for anyone to push you up, push yourself up; don’t wait for anyone to pull you up, pull yourself up! Your best hero, your greatest savior is yourself! The candle of your darkness is hidden within you!
Giuseppe Garibaldi|The acceptance of death gives you more of a stake in life, in living life happily, as it should be lived. Living for the moment.
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|I started down but Sam caught my arm and knelt down himself to look. "For crying out loud," he said. "It's a racoon." "Poor thing," I said. "It could be a rabid baby-killer," Cole told me primly. "Shut up," Sam said pleasantly.
Duke Ellington|I dabbled in things like Howlin' Wolf, Cream and Led Zeppelin, but when I heard Son House and Robert Johnson, it blew my mind. It was something I'd been missing my whole life. That music made me discard everything else and just get down to the soul and honesty of the blues.
Carrie Jones, Entice|I want you to want me because you want me, not because of grief, not because he is not here. I want you to love me for me. I want you to kiss me first and not because you need me to help you, but because you need to kiss me.
Rak Razam, Aya: A Shamanic Odyssey|The poor are so common they're invisible, just part of the ambience of this place. I tuck a few soles under them as they sleep and walk off, feeling like a guilty tourist here for thrillseeking in a culture that's trying desperately to survive. Can shamanism help them? I wonder, as I make my way back to the hostel by moonlight.
Julia Heaberlin|I remember stories. I connect the dots and then out of that comes a story. And the dots that don't fit into the story just slide away, maybe. Like when you spot a constellation. You look up and you don't want to see all the stars. All the stars just look like the big...mess that they are. But you want to see shapes; you want to see stories, so you pick them out of the sky.
Jenny  Lawson|I am furiously happy. It's not a cure for mental illness...it's a weapon, designed to counter it. It's a way to take back some of the joy that's robbed from you when you're crazy.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I have nothing to lose, only to live.
Andrew Neff, The Mind Game Company: The Players|4-19-10 Monday 1:00 P.M. Today the gas was turned off – more panic reactions. I’m wondering if the darkest hour is just before the dawn and all those wonderful cliches. I don’t see anyway out of my current situation, at least any quality of life I’m willing to accept. It’s just too much to think about right now. I lost the gas stove, the heat, and the water heater. Hmm cold showers, but found an electric crock pot and frying pan, and I still have the microwave. I don’t know what I’ll do if I lose the water. My mother told me there’s a family who pitched a tent in the forest preserve. Somehow the father’s still working and keeping his two kids in school, with a little help from a local church.  And it’s good to know the forest rangers have a heart and have looked the other way. I wouldn’t be surprised to hear that they’ve dropped off some food and supplies. Isn’t that America.
Max Lucado|Everything tends to make us believe that there exists a certain point of the mind at which life and death, the real and the imagined, past and future, the communicable and the incommunicable, high and low, cease to be perceived as contradictions.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|It was freaky how once you realized you loved someone, and they felt the same way about you, they could look different, yet the same; how they felt familiar, but not.
Junot Díaz|At the door, there was one of those moment when two people realize that they like each other more than they know each other. This is nicer than the opposite situation, but more awkward. You try to remember the protocol for touching. You hate to gush, or presume to much, yet you are unwilling to let the moment pass without without some gesture
Tyrean Martinson, Champion in the Darkness|Slowly, the light receded, and she could see a singe sword, hanging in the air, a sword of pure white, of light and truth.
Johnathan Jena|Friends are life's ingredient that makes every sad moment sweeter, every difficult time easier, and every normal moment extraordinary.
Ovid, The Erotic Poems|Brass shines with constant usage, a beautiful dress needs wearing,Leave a house empty, it rots.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Dark Bites|Strike hard and true, crow, or I'll come back and haunt you.
Simon McBurney|I am deeply saddened by the death of my dear friend, Dudley Moore.
Narendra Modi|Every decision on trade, on taxes, on immigration, on foreign affairs, will be made to benefit American workers and American families. We must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies, and destroying our jobs. Protection will lead to great prosperity and strength.
Ronald Sukenick, Down and in: Life in the Underground|Use your imagination," I tell my students these days, "or someone else is going to use it for you.
Sara Teasdale|In my heart's most secret place,I pity them as angels do.
Matthew Pearl, The Last Bookaneer|One of the most difficult things when you were trying to navigate the world of books was dealing with all the unreliable authors. They were so unbelievably tricky to keep track of. An author might write a brilliant book, only to follow it up with something utterly mediocre. Or, and this was almost worse, one might have written a brilliant book but then turn out to be dead. Then there were those authors who started a series but never finished it.
Jack Steinberger|My dad was fairly well-off, so I was raised in a very comfortable environment: the very nice suburbs of Paris. It was a very idyllic life. I also spent nearly all my summers in Britain, and Christmas, too, because my grandparents lived there.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Don't you love the sense of personal power you feel when you've got your act together? When your life is in order, you’re organized, and you have everything you need?
Bertrand Russell|Remember your humanity, and forget the rest.
Walt Disney|Fashion fades, only style remains the same.
Clarence Day|When I can look life in the eyes, grown calm and very coldly wise, life will have given me the truth, and taken in exchange - my youth.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|Fly, you fools!' he cried, and was gone.
Debasish Mridha|Whenever I love you, I find myself more loving.
Robert Jordan, The Great Hunt|Women often seemed to leave things unsaid, and in his limited experience it was what they did not say that proved the most trouble.
Harsh Malik|If you learned to live in mediocrity, you have never learned to live.if you still need introduction, you still need to work hard.If you want a short cut to success, try your WILL POWER.If you want a successful life, then take chances and make changes
Charles Bukowski, Ham on Rye|To think, somebody had suicided for that.
H. P. Lovecraft|You really don't need to wear any make-up most of the time; keep your eyebrows the way they are, and find your own natural beauty signature.
Karen Quan, liQUID PROse QUOtes|When your heart starts to feel full again. I love FREE refills, and if a restaurant tries to double charge me, I refuse to write a love poem on their Yelp page.-Karen Quan and Jarod Kintz
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Jane, I never meant to wound you thus...Will you ever forgive me?"Reader, I forgave him at the moment and on the spot.
M.F. Moonzajer|If you give into hate, you'll destroy yourself. Hate doesn't help anything.
Genesis Quihuis|Sometimes, when people look at me, I can see the pity in their eyes. All I want is hope, but neither of us can give it to each other.
Julia Quinn, What Happens in London|Miss Butterworth and the Mad Baron,” Sebastian said approvingly. “Excellent choice.”“You have read this?” Alexei asked.“It’s not as good as Miss Davenport and the Dark Marquis, of course, but worlds better than Miss Sainsbury and the Mysterious Colonel.”Harry found himself rendered speechless.“I’m reading Miss Truesdale and the Silent Gentleman right now.”“Silent?” Harry echoed.“There is a noticeable lack of dialogue,” Sebastian confirmed.
Bertrand Russell|Vexis listened, then shook her head, her eyes full of sorrow. ‘YOU are the fool! You cannot rob people of their beliefs and expect them to just accept it. Even now, I mourn the death of Avanti every day. Even though I now know she was never real. The idea of Avanti was real. Serving Avanti gave me a purpose, I felt she was guiding and encouraging me. Now I have nothing, I am reduced to simply “making it up as I go along”. I hate you Brael. I will never forgive you for what you did.’Brael took a deep breath. ‘You were always making it up as you went along. You just didn’t know it. People need to take responsibility for their actions. There is one person guiding me, and that is me. I will live as long as I can and I will try to leave this world a better place for my presence. That is enough purpose for all.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|Mary Farquhar, who always flirts with her own husband across the dinner-table. That is not very pleasant. Indeed, it is not even decent . . . and that sort of thing is enormously on the increase. The amount of women in London who flirt with their own husbands is perfectly scandalous. It looks so bad. It is simply washing one's clean linen in public...
Stephen Biro, Hellucination|God's green earth can no longer sustain itself for those who worship the golden calf. Those who have put this planet in jeopardy shall no longer live. We have been working hard for this day to come and we have help from every God-fearing being on this planet. Many will say they believe, when in their hearts, they truly worship Mammon.
Biz Stone|Don't focus on negative things; focus on the positive, and you will flourish.
Fritz Stern, Five Germanys I Have Known|Life and study have persuaded me of the openness of history. There is no inevitability in history. Thinking about what might have happened, what could have happened, is a necessary element in trying to understand what did happen. And if, as I believe, individual acts of decency and courage make a difference, then they need to be recorded and remembered.
Brandon Mull, The Rogue Knight|In some ways, it's easier to recognize your power when you're calm and untroubled than when you're distressed. Search out your talent in quiet moments. Don't push too hard. You've done it once. You can do it again.
John Zakour, The Flaxen Femme Fatale|Walking into Nova Hollywood, I remembered why I didn’t come here more often. I like a good slice of cheese as much as the next guy, but this place would be too cheesy for a giant mutant rat who had been starving for a week.
Frederick Buechner, The Magnificent Defeat|Lord, I believe; help my unbelief' is the best any of us can do really, but thank God it is enough.
Bobby Bowden|When motherhood becomes the fruit of a deep yearning, not the result of ignorance or accident, its children will become the foundation of a new race.
Robin Sacredfire|It is still because of our self-image that we tend to forget answers that may jeopardize our future at crucial moments, or to communicate words that offend who we love the most when we believe we don’t deserve the love of another person.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Mindfulness and compassion can give you the power, illumination, love, and wisdom to draw higher forms, thoughts, feelings, and situations into your life.
Mary Street, The Confession of Fitzwilliam Darcy|I smiled, knowing that Elizabeth, even in the worst of her humours, was far better suited to my own disposition. She would scold me, quarrel with me, torment me, tease me and laugh at me as often as may be.I was the happiest man in the world.
Narendra Modi|I have a wish for world peace and the truth. I would like to see a society that will bring happiness to all life forms. Of course, to the Nazis, I appear a rebel, but to the rebels, I appear like a normal person from Venus.
T.K. Naliaka, Between Dunes and Hard Places|I like to see you in a sari, with your long hair dressed in a single plait. Don't forget that I married a girl from India because I like my wife to be conservative and feminine.
Cecilia Dart-Thornton, The Lady of the Sorrows|If you are the lantern, I am the flame;If you are the lake, then I am the rain;If you are the desert, I am the sea;If you are the blossom, I am the bee;If you are the fruit, then I am the core;If you are the rock, then I am the ore;If you are the ballad, I am the word;If you are the sheath, then I am the sword.
Kerry Greenwood, Raisins and Almonds|I don't have to worry about Madame Ouche! she'll still be robbing me blind when she's dead!...having made her last confession and received extreme unction...all the cataclysms will pass over her without harming a single gray hair on her head! it's a paradise here for scum like her, on earth as there is in heaven...they don't really die, the sluts, the hussies, the really awful ones, they just go from one paradise to another, with their money, servants, cars...just buy their cute little ticket and off they go! final absolution and see you later! they shit in your hands!...they're born to slip out of both hells - the one here and the one in the next world...all they do is fuck and whine...loads of cash! never broke!...cheers! here's to you! no regrets! you realize too late...
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|Myth and nature are the two great garments of the world, with nature being the living green garment that covers the planet and myth being the multidimensional, many-colored fabric that continually weaves human culture.
Alan Partridge, I, Partridge: We Need to Talk About Alan|Like a good-looking John Merrick, mine was a face that looked really shit.
Eyden I., Kiss Friendzone Goodbye|Be yourself no matter what. People don't have to like you, and you don't have to care.
Ray Floyd|I served at the Pentagon and at Fort Leavenworth - my job was video cameraman, and that allowed me to travel to places like Korea, Japan, Alaska, Germany and the Netherlands.
Ann Richards|The here and now is all we have, and if we play it right it's all we'll need.
Charlotte M. Mason|But it's not healthy!” replied the Hag. “A mortal and a god sharing the same flesh?”“You know, this isn't why we're here. I can get abuse pretty much wherever.”“Yeah,” sighed the Maid, “but I bet a tenner I can make you cry in half a minute.
Alfred de Musset, Lorenzaccio|Too much sun after a Syracuse winter does strange things to your head, makes you feel strong, even if you aren't.
Colum McCann, Let the Great World Spin|The repeated lies become history, but they don't necessarily become the truth.
Francis of Assisi|He was going to take a dive into this lake. He just didn’t know it. Cerise rose, finding footing in the soft mud. The water came up to just below her breasts and her wet shirt stuck to her body. William’s gaze snagged on her chest. Yep, keep looking, Lord Bill. Keeeeeep looking.
Mark Kirkbride, Satan's Fan Club|It was true. She was his soul’s star. His heart ignited every time she came into the room, flared with every just-so gesture. Anything she touched became instantly talismanic.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I have never believed that God “makes” bad things happen. Death happens to everyone, not as a punishment, but because we are not meant to stay on this earth forever. As a result we are vulnerable rather than invincible, as is the earth we live on. And if our soul is immortal, we move forward knowing we can all be together again one day.
K. Farrell St. Germain|I keep telling myself sensible things, but I never seem to listen!
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|As it is there isn't a single thing isn't an opportunity for some 'alert' person, including practically everybody by the 'greed', that, they are 'alive', therefore. Etc. That, in fact, there are 'conditions'. Gravelly Hill or any sort of situation for improvement, when the Earth was properly regarded as a 'garden tenement messuage orchard and if this is nostalgia let you take a breath of April showers let's us reason how is the dampness in your nasal passage -- but I have had lunch in this 'pasture' (B. Ellery to George Girdler Smith  'gentleman'  1799, for  £150)overlooking 'the town' sitting there like the Memphite lord of all Creationwith my back -- with Dogtownover the Crown of gravelly hillIt is not bad to be pissed off
Boris Vian, L'Écume des jours|- Is it their fault if they think that it’s good to work?- No, said Colin, it’s not their fault. It’s because they’ve been told : work is sacred, it’s good, it’s nice, it’s what counts before anything, and only those who work have the right to everything. The only thing is, it’s been set up so that they work all the time so they can’t take advantage of it.- But then they’re stupid, said Chloe.- Yes, they’re stupid, said Colin. That’s why they agree with those that made them believe that work is the best thing there is. That saves them from thinking and finding a way to progress and to no longer work.
Christopher Marlowe, Complete Poems and Translations|The truth is, our parents are but part of the equation that forms us―because the only thing more powerful than fate is free will.
Xenophon|I have always known what I wanted, and that was beauty... in every form.
Santosh Kalwar|The higher you rise in the business ladder, the smaller your balls become.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Nurture your dreams to fruition, refuse to let the rot in reality.
Caroline George, The Vestige|Missing someone is the worst form of torture because it never goes away no matter where you are or what you do with your life. When a person is gone and all you have of them is a fuzzy recollection of what it was like to hear your phone buzz with texts from them, the joy you experienced while in their company, that instance when the bond you shared shattered, you long for all that was lost and could’ve been gained. You have memories and nothing more. And no matter how much times passes, you still feel the ache of their absence whenever they rise into your thoughts. Torture.
Milo Yiannopoulos|Liberty lies in the hearts of men and women; when it dies there, no constitution, no law, no court can save it.
Tom Larcombe, Merlin's Travels|To get through life successfully, body and soul must translate each other correctly more often than not.
Bai Ling|But romantic vision can also lead one away from certain very hard, ugly truths about life that are important to know.
Isaac Asimov, I, Robot|I, on the other hand, am a finished product. I absorb electrical energy directly and utilize it with an almost one hundred percent efficiency. I am composed of strong metal, am continuously conscious, and can stand extremes of environment easily. These are facts which, with the self-evident proposition that no being can create another being superior to itself, smashes your silly hypothesis to nothing.
Ellen J. Barrier|Perfection is an everlasting goal to pursue. It reminds us that we are mortal beings capable of making mistakes. When we correct them, it gives us an opportunity to become better people.
Fisher Amelie, Greed|Ask yourself something. Have you ever thought about why guys want you gone the next day? It’s not because they’ve got things to do, though I’m sure there are a few assholes who think like that, either because they repeated the folly so often they learned to bury the guilt or because they didn’t have a conscience to begin with but, truthfully, it’s because they can’t stand to look at the reason they feel a hole in their chest. They don’t like reminders of who helped put that sick feeling in the pits of their stomachs. As long as they had a decent mama, the guilt is always substantial. Always. If they say differently, they’re liars." - Spencer Blackwell, GREED
Collette West, Inside Game|She unzipped her oversized flannel onesie, created especially for women not interested in finding a man, and tossed it on the bed.
Dr. Glen A. Staples|How you respond to what is happening in your life can make a difference. Your conduct in the confusion, your resolve while enduring pain and your positive thought process during the tribulation can help you handle what is happening in your life. Those are the proskairos moments that make the difference as you are maneuvering the waves of life. Those moments are filled with the presence of God and how you respond and behave in those moments makes all of the difference.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|He could always go back to be a shepherd, but he had a dream. That's doesn't happen to just anyone.
Angela Merkel|The past, the present and the future are really one: they are today.
Wilfrid Stinissen|True love is something, so very true and very rare to find. So, if you ever find such a thing. Treat it as if it were some treasure. Because, once you find such a thing and set free; it will not ever return. So, treat it as if its your most precious gift....
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|AD is self-absorbed, weak, lusty and wrongdoer, and at the same time good, loyal, progressive, frank, and respectful. He is good. He is bad. He is ban. He is boon. He is justified. He is not justified. He is normal. He is abnormal. He is complicated or he is simple. But one thing is decided, he is natural and “this is a man.
Peter Hitchens, The Abolition of Britain: From Winston Churchill to Princess Diana|The freer a society is, the more it leaves the family alone.
J.W. Murison, Death Rises|My father and I used to watch a ton of old horror movies when I was growing up. ’The Creature from the Black Lagoon‘ was one of my father’s favorites and he was very excited for me to see the film. But after the movie was over, I told him that I was kind of bored. I said to him, ‘I’m sorry, Daddy, but I saw the zipper in the back of the monster’s costume. From that point on, I was really never scared at all. The point I’m trying to make is that I don’t believe someone intentionally tipped off the target. And I maintain that no one made some horrendous mistake, which I’m now trying to cover up. I believe what really happened with the operation was that our target ended up seeing the zipper. Orlo Kharms realized something around him wasn’t… real. And he was able to avoid the trap we had laid out for him.
Bertrand Russell|A drop of water, if it could write out its own history, would explain the universe to us.
Ellen Hopkins, Crank|A fearful sob suddenly rises in my throat as I think of what it will be like without her, to not have her warm chest to lie against, to not have her kind face to look into, lost in a darkness without a mother to turn to and her here, daughterless.
Laiah Gifty Akita|The Great King, Jesus Christ.
John Gardner|You never require a teacher to lead you into the wrong path, but you do require a kindly word to conduct you aright.
Philip Van Munching, Boys Will Put You on a Pedestal (So They Can Look Up Your Skirt): A Dad's Advice for Daughters|IT helps to think of the whole development thing as a process; you go in looking like a girl, and you'll come out at the other end looking like a woman. The stuff in the middle is just what everyone goes through, it;s almost never much fun.
Nikki Rowe|Today, I don't want to ask for anythingI just want to give thanks for Everything I already have.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|Adam was in the dream, too; he traced the tangled pattern of ink with his finger. He said, "Scio quid hoc est." As he traced it further and further down on the bare skin of Ronan's back, Ronan himself disappeared entirely, and the tattoo got smaller and smaller. It was a Celtic knot the size of a wafer, and then Adam, who had become Kavinsky, said "Scio quid estis vos." He put the tattoo in his mouth and swallowed it.Ronan woke with a start, ashamed and euphoric.The euphoria wore off long before the shame did.He was never sleeping again.
Robert Penn Warren, The Legacy of the Civil War|A civil war is, may we say, the prototype of all war, for in the persons of fellow citizens who happen to be the enemy we meet again, with the old ambivalence of love and hate and with all the old guilts, the blood brothers of our childhood. In a civil war – especially in one such as this when the nation shares deep and significant convictions and is not a mere handbasket of factions huddled arbitrarily together by historical happen-so – all the self-divisions of conflicts within individuals become a series of mirrors in which the plight of the country is reflected, and the self-division of the country a great mirror in which the individual may see imaged his own deep conflicts, not only the conflicts of political loyalties, but those more profoundly personal.
Lindsey Stirling|My sisters are amazing. My sister is my business partner, my twin. She's an amazing producer, writer. You know, we're just grinding and trying to make my mother proud as well as God.
Abhijit Naskar|The moment the religious population of the world begins to see the prophets what they really were - mortal teachers of the mortal world, a great portion of the world's religious conflicts shall vanish into thin air.
Pat Conroy, The Prince of Tides|It's like there was a fellow in every man that's done a-past the sanity or the insanity, that watches the sane and the insane doings of that man with the same horror and the same astonishment.
Agatha Christie, The Secret Adversary|Money, money, money! I think about money morning, noon and night! I dare say it's mercenary of me, but there it is
Susan Patron, The Higher Power of Lucky|Because sometimes Lucky wanted to change everything, all the bad things that had happened, and sometimes she wanted everything to stay the same forever.
Alessandra Thomas, Picture Perfect|Don't forget that your happiness is the most important thing, and that you should never equate your GPA or school with your sense of self-worth. . . . If you're feeling overwhelmed, take a step back and remind yourself that you are not your grades.
Kate Zambreno, Green Girl|Agnes always wanted to go out. Out was better than in. In was inside, in was interior, in was introspection.
Joseph D'Lacey, Black Feathers|I am lost! Someone has taken over my mind and is controlling it! Someone is in command of all my actions, movements, and thoughts. I am nothing inside, merely a spectator enslaved and terrified by everything I do.
Talcott Parsons|Italians come to ruin most generally in three ways, women, gambling, and farming. My family chose the slowest one.
Savannah Stuart, Claimed by the Warrior|Mars is not Earth. It doesn't have a thick atmosphere to bend light and carry particles that reflect light around corners. It's damn near a vacuum here. Once the sun isn't visible, I'm in the dark. Phobos gives me some moonlight, but not enough to work with. Deimos is a little piece of crap that's no good to anyone.
Shannon L. Alder|Staying for your children is noble. However, staying with someone that teaches your children that "selective" evilness is okay is mental illness.
Abduazeez Henry Musa|Leofric met her eye, his own gaze hard. He was clearly losing patience with her. “This is life,” he snapped. “It’s not sweet and it’s not pretty—but before you look at me with scorn remember I’ve just saved both our lives.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|I pray that I am sufficiently stirred by the rumor of great things to seek the God who created this single thread that I am, and to marvel at a vision magnificent enough to cause this God to weave from this single thread a tapestry most resplendent.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Someone asked, "Can Anybody?" A CA replied, "Yes, and I don't think I just can, I know I will. I am a Chartered Accountant.
Emma Bunton|The word 'good' has many meanings. For example, if a man were to shoot his grandmother at a range of five hundred yards, I should call him a good shot, but not necessarily a good man.
J.D. Salinger|After the original rapture of conversion had settled in, (Bob) Dylan backed away from his obviously Christian lyrics and returned to his more metaphorical use of language.
Lewis Fry Richardson|Big whirls have little whirls,That feed on their velocity;And little whirls have lesser whirls,And so on to viscosity.
Debasish Mridha|The desire to learn is valuable, but the desire for an education is priceless.
Alain de Botton|We study biology, physics, movements of glaciers... Where are the classes on envy, feeling wronged, despair, bitterness...
Robert Edison Fulton Jr., One Man Caravan|I probably did too much thinking in India. I blame it on the roads, for they were superb...
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|I pretended to be a Cheyenne guide. I pretended to be a prairie woman. I pretended Henry was my old-timey husband taking me to our new homestead. I leaned down and patted Trouble’s neck. “Good boy,” I said. “Trusty steed.
David Vitter|Live in the moment, day by day, and don't stress about the future. People are so caught up in looking into the future, that they kind of lose what's in front of them.
Russell Simmons, Super Rich: A Guide to Having It All|No matter where you're from or what you've done, you're never stuck in a particular circumstance, relationship, or cycle unless you say you are.
Hunter S. Thompson|Music has always been a matter of Energy to me, a question of Fuel. Sentimental people call it Inspiration, but what they really mean is Fuel. I have always needed Fuel. I am a serious consumer. On some nights I still believe that a car with the gas needle on empty can run about fifty more miles if you have the right music very loud on the radio.
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu|Many people think of perfectionism as striving to be your best, but it is not about self-improvement; it's about earning approval and acceptance.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Journalism is not a precise science, it's a crude art
Horace Mann|A Bond girl must be a strong and independent woman, but at the same time charming and sensual. Those opposite qualities combined together make her interesting. She must be strong but at the same time feminine.
Clive Barker, Galilee|Meaning is always a latecomer. Beauty and music seduce us first; later ashamed of our own sensuality, we insist on meaning.
Saidi Mdala, Know What Matters|As you grow older, start using your brains, energy, and the means available to you, however little they may seem, to go after what you need to get better, so that you can have what you want to live the the life you desire.
gwenth|Life is a thick dictionary, where you can find the meaning of anything.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Mother Night|Human beings have capitalized on the silence of animals, just as certain human beings have historically imposed silence on certain other human beings by denying slaves the right to literacy, denying women the right to own property, and denying both the right to vote.
Joe Nichols|I find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.
Kate Christensen|Travel at faster than the speed of light certainly can have dramatic implications that are difficult to understand, such as time travel.
L.K. Campbell, The Life & Times of a Boomer Baby|We had never eaten our own chickens but we delighted in eating their eggs. No matter how hot the summer became, they always presented us with eggs, which I thought was very generous of them, considering the heat. I'm sure I wouldn't have bothered.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|You alwaysdrop by, to en-lighten my mind,when my wings arefeeling heavy &i've forgottenhow tofly.
Dorothea Dix|The dream begins with a teacher who believes in you, who tugs and pushes and leads you to the next plateau, sometimes poking you with a sharp stick called 'truth'.
Vance Havner|There are trees of a thousand sorts, and all have their several fruits; and I feel the most unhappy man in the world not to know them, for I am well assured that they are all valuable. I bring home specimens of them, and also of the land.
Réné Gaudette|Joy is not something you look for, it is simply something you have to choose to apply.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Death or Samadhi, man's life leads only to the grave. Appreciate your life.
Robert Harris, Imperium: A Novel of Ancient Rome|We are entrusting thousands of strangers with our innermost thoughts and feelings, and then we're expecting them to be careful with those feelings. As much as we want it to be, the Internet is not a safe space. It is not a place where we can lay our burdens down and heal. Why? Because there are too many people there who do not give an ounce of a shit about our well-being. They do not deserve our rawness, and they will not treat it with care.
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|If justice takes place, there may be hope, even in the face of a seemingly capricious divinity. 
Samuel Wilson|A variety of factors contribute to the price of gasoline in the United States. These factors include worldwide supply, demand and competition for crude oil, taxes, regional differences in access to gasoline supplies and environmental regulations.
Robert Frost|A poem is never a put-up job, so to speak. It begins as a lump in the throat, a sense of wrong, a homesickness, a lovesickness. It is never a thought to begin with.
Christian Lander, Stuff White People Like: A Definitive Guide to the Unique Taste of Millions|This is because white people need to show off the books that they have read. Just as hunters will mount the heads of their kills, white people need to let people know that they have made their way through hundreds or even thousands of books.
Michelle Franklin|But I knew the first question Mom asked Gail was, Is its a boy or a girl? Because, for some reason, that is the first thing everybody wants to know the minute you’re born. Should we label it with pink or blue? Wouldn’t want anyone to mistake the gender of a infant! Why is that so important? Its a baby! And why does it have to be a simple answer? One or the other? Not all of us fit so neatly into the category we get saddled with on Day One when the doctor glances down and makes a quick assessment of the available equipment.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Dare I say I miss him? I do. I miss him. I still see him in my dreams. They are nightmares mostly, but nightmares tinged with love.I still cannot understand how he could abandon me so unceremoniously, without any sort of goodbye, without looking back even once. That pain is like an axe that chops at my heart.
Jean Vanier, Becoming Human|Rather than equating the terms 'local' and 'cosmopolitan' with geographical areas (rural and urban respectively), sociologist Wade Clark Roof suggests that these terms refer to character types who can be found in a diversity of settings in the United States. Locals are strongly oriented toward community or neighborhood, favor commitments to primary groups (family, neighborhood, fraternal and community organizations), tend to personalize their interpretations of social experience, and are more traditional in their beliefs and values. Cosmopolitans, on the other hand, are oriented toward the world outside the residential community, prefer membership in professional or special interest organizations, and are more open to social change and more tolerant of diversity in belief than locals. While a disproportionate number of locals are found in smaller communities, studies indicate that other factors - such as length of residence in a community, age, and educational level - play an even stronger role in determining orientation.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Neither life nor happiness can be achieved by the pursuit of irrational whims. Just as man is free to attempt to survive in any random manner, but will perish unless he lives as his nature requires, so he is free to seek his happiness in any mindless fraud, but the torture of frustration is all he will find, unless he seeks the happiness proper to man. The purpose of morality is to teach you, not to suffer and die, but to enjoy yourself and live.
Groucho Marx|If we don't know life, how can we know death?
Charlotte Eriksson|The first task of every author is to evoke emotion in their reader. You may laugh or you may cry; you may love me or you may hate me. So long as you feel something, I know that I'm doing my job.
Deepak Chopra|Miracles are like murders. After the first one, each becomes easier than the last for, with each success, the miracle-worker's certainty in himself becomes stronger.
Thomas Howard, Evangelical is Not Enough: Worship of God in Liturgy and Sacrament|Because that’s life, you know? Good and bad. You can’t have one without the other. The bad brings out the good in us, and the good can be corrupted by the bad. It’s always a struggle—to fight for the good, so it tips the scale. - Jet Phoenix
Nathan Lane|Truth is strong, and sometime or other will prevail.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Chosen|And for a price, I will pretend absolutely nothing.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down.
Padma Lakshmi|Many rock musicians are excellent cooks, I've found, and those that are prefer to eat their own cooking in the studio. I encourage this behavior as I also enjoy the benefits of fresh food.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|IT's not death. It's eternal life. And you get't'be yourself. Compared to that, this world isn't but a momentary fantasy. Please don't forget that.
Steve Maraboli|The nature of God's plan can be difficult to fathom when you are toiling in some small corner of it, but it is glorious from above, if you allow yourself the perspective.
Henry Fielding, The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling|It is not enough that your designs, nay that your actions, are intrinsically good, you must take care they shall appear so.
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|Jedi are conversationalists and negotiators, bringing people together and solving problems. Jedi listen and feel to what others are saying.
Mary J. Blige|There are lots of women I look up to, but mentors are someone you talk to and not just admire. A lot of my friends that I trust are my mentors.
Jostein Gaarder, The Orange Girl|The truth is that I feel like a ghost already, and I have to catch my breath each time I think about it. I begin to understand why ghosts go in for so much sighing and hooting. It's not to scare their descendants. It's just that they find it so hard to breathe in a time other than their own.We don't only have a place in existence. We also have an allotted span.That's the way things are, and all I can do is extrapolate from what's around me now.
Alexander McCall Smith, Tears of the Giraffe|When you´re tired after a long day, there´s nothing like a getaway...You sit down with your book and everything changes.
Ruth Ahmed|You feel well, Ali? You have a very faraway look on your face, beta,' my dad said. 'Like you have left your heart behind.'He fixed me with eyes as liquid black as mine and for a moment I felt exposed, like he could see right through me. That irrational childhood thought that he could read my mind maybe.'What nonsense, his heart is here with his mother and his family. Tell him, Ali,' my mother said.'Begum, this generation of boys and girls, you know how they are.' My dad never said my mother's name; she was always Begum, the generic term for 'wife'.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Almighty God, I hope in you.
Kate Chopin, The Awakening|Now I no longer believe that people's secrets are defined and communicable, or their feelings full-blown and easy to recognize.
|Some things could come into in your life through luck, but happiness is undoubtedly not one of them. The activation of happiness in one's life is impossible without the presence consistent positive thoughts and beliefs in one's mind.
Charles Kuralt|I like to think I'll just be walking down the street one day and stop and meet someone, like, 'Oh my God, you're awesome,' and then we start dating.
Roma Downey, Son of God|We find that in the absence of demonstrable truth, the best we can do is to exercise the greatest diligence, humility, insight, intelligence, and industry in trying to arrive at the nearest values to truth. I hope, of course, to argue convincingly that having done this, we have an inescapable duty to seek to inculcate others with these values.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|If I am all the time measuring myself against you, struggling to be like you, then I am denying what I am myself. Therefore I am creating an illusion. When I have understood that comparison in any form leads only to greater illusion and greater misery, just as when I analyse myself, add to my knowledge of myself bit by bit, or identify myself with something outside myself, whether it be the State, a saviour or an ideology - when I understand that all such processes lead only to greater conformity and therefore greater conflict - when I see all this I put it completely away. Then my mind is no longer seeking. It is very important to understand this. Then my mind is no longer groping, searching, questioning. This does not mean that my mind is satisfied with things as they are, but such a mind has no illusion. Such a mind can then move in a totally different dimension. The dimension in which we usually live, the life of every day which is pain, pleasure and fear, has conditioned the mind, limited the nature of the mind, and when that pain, pleasure and fear have gone (which does not mean that you no longer have joy: joy is something entirely different from pleasure) - then the mind functions in a different dimension in which there is no conflict, no sense of `otherness'.
Ahmed Zewail|Science is the quintessential international endeavour, and the sterling reputation of the Nobel awards is partly due to the widely-perceived lack of national and other biases in the selection of the laureates.
Marie Brennan, A Natural History of Dragons|When life is difficult, try looking up at the night sky. A million stars proclaim aloud His Handiwork. And you know you are never alone.
Jeremy Holmes, John Bowlby and Attachment Theory|A person's attachment status is a fundamental determinant of their relationships, and this is reflected in the way they feel about themselves and others. Neurotic patterns can be seen as originating here because, where core attachments are problematic, they will have a powerful influence on the way someone sees the world and their behaviour. Where there is a secure core state, a person feels good about themselves and their capacity to be effective and pursue their projects. Where the core state is insecure, defensive strategies come into play.
|Free yourself from your mistakes; we have all made them. They only come as opportunities to learn and grow, so you could make wiser decisions and take better actions in the future.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|Every parent is an artist, for the bared canvas of a newborn’s soul begs for the artist’s touch. And because this is so, a parent must prepare the palette with the utmost care, choose the brushes with poised caution, and mindfully attend to every brushstroke regardless of how slight. And such caution is utterly imperative for the emerging rendering will be both a legacy borne of the parent, and a life lived by the child.
George Packer|The greatest thing a human soul ever does in this world... to see clearly is poetry, prophecy and religion all in one.
Brynn Myers, Falling Out of Focus|The day I let all that fear and worry consume me was the day it all changed. I slipped off that bridge and fell into the void I’d always dreamt about. The thing was, that was also that day I started to live.
Shirley Rousseau Murphy, Cat Seeing Double|... life wasn't full of problems, it was rich with decisions.
Alex Berenson|I think the most important thing that I think everyone in America must have is belief that wherever they live, whatever station they have in life, that the American dream is alive and well. I think the fracturing of trust and confidence is in the American dream.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|My name is Percy Jackson. I'm twelve years old. Until a few months ago, I was a boarding student at Yancy Academy, a private school for troubled kids in upstate New York.Am I a troubled kid?Yeah. You could say that.
James Blunt|I think having toured the world and seeing many places, I've just been blown away by how we've really scarred our home. I'm as guilty as the next person if not more so. I travel a lot. The damage we do to our planet is huge.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|We read the pagan sacred books with profit and delight. With myth and fable we are ever charmed, and find a pleasure in the endless repetition of the beautiful, poetic, and absurd. We find, in all these records of the past, philosophies and dreams, and efforts stained with tears, of great and tender souls who tried to pierce the mystery of life and death, to answer the eternal questions of the Whence and Whither, and vainly sought to make, with bits of shattered glass, a mirror that would, in very truth, reflect the face and form of Nature's perfect self.These myths were born of hopes, and fears, and tears, and smiles, and they were touched and colored by all there is of joy and grief between the rosy dawn of birth, and death's sad night. They clothed even the stars with passion, and gave to gods the faults and frailties of the sons of men. In them, the winds and waves were music, and all the lakes, and streams, and springs,—the mountains, woods and perfumed dells were haunted by a thousand fairy forms. They thrilled the veins of Spring with tremulous desire; made tawny Summer's billowed breast the throne and home of love; filled Autumns arms with sun-kissed grapes, and gathered sheaves; and pictured Winter as a weak old king who felt, like Lear upon his withered face, Cordelia's tears. These myths, though false, are beautiful, and have for many ages and in countless ways, enriched the heart and kindled thought. But if the world were taught that all these things are true and all inspired of God, and that eternal punishment will be the lot of him who dares deny or doubt, the sweetest myth of all the Fable World would lose its beauty, and become a scorned and hateful thing to every brave and thoughtful man.
Sarah J. Maas, Crown of Midnight|There are no good tights, Rare they are, a rare sight. You roll and roll Inside a new hole, They´re only good for a fight.
Hooman Majd, The Ayatollah Begs to Differ: The Paradox of Modern Iran|It is perhaps because of the Iranian concept of the home and garden (and not the city or town it is in) as the defining center of life that Iranians find living in a society with such stringent rules of public behavior somewhat tolerable. Iranian society by and large cares very little about what goes on in the homes and gardens of private citizens, but the Islamic government cares very much how its citizens behave once they venture outside their walls.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|...having nothing better to do, meandered off to a coffee shop and sat facing each other for a couple of hours, neither of them talking much but each coming to the general conclusion that the other was a person rather like himself...
Fritz Leiber, A Pail of Air|What matters is that life is good. It has a lovely texture, like some rich cloth or fur, or the petals of flowers, and everything else worthwhile. And that's as true for the last man as the first.
Bertrand Russell, Sceptical Essays|This is the mistake they make above. They think that only certain people habe a place. Only certain kinds of people belong. The rest is waste. But even waste must have a place. Otherwise it will clog and clot, and rot and fester.
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|So the nymphs they spoke,we kissed and laid.By noontime’s hourour love was made.Like braided chains of crocus stems,we lay entwined, I laid with them.Our breath, one glassy, tideless sea,our bodies draping wearily,we slept, I slept so lucidly,with hopes to stay this memory.
Erich Maria Remarque, Arch of Triumph: A Novel of a Man Without a Country|Is it considered unadventurous if you really don't feel like doing it? Sometimes I lie awake parcelling out my adventurousness or lack thereof. Should I have done it anyway on the off-chance that something adventurous would happen, and damn the consequences of giving a faulty impression in the process? Can you choose your adventures or does that make them comprised? I think I only take chances when there is a good chance of reward. I may have it all wrong.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|It seems fine to revolt in front of all,but apologizing fro the same in a similar situation makes you feel smallIt is an irony! that's what I call..
Mark Leidner|I have learned that I, we, are a dollar-a-day people (which is terrible, they say, because a cow in Japan is worth $9 a day). This means that a Japanese cow would be a middle class Kenyan... a $9-a-day cow from Japan could very well head a humanitarian NGO in Kenya. Massages are very cheap in Nairobi, so the cow would be comfortable.
Danny Meyer|If you want experiences to make you a better person, then you play two or three sports.
Martin Heidegger,|Human existence can relate to beings only if it holds itself out into the nothing. Going beyond beings occurs in the essence of Dasein. But this going beyond is metaphysics itself. This implies that metaphysics belongs to the "nature of man." It is neither a division of academic philosophy nor a field of arbitrary notions. Metaphysics is the basic occurrence of Dasein. It is Dasein itself. Because the truth of metaphysics dwells in this groundless ground it stands in closest proximity to the constantly lurking possibility of deepest error. For this reason no amount of scientific rigor attains to the seriousness of metaphysics. Philosophy can never be measured by the standard of the idea of science.If the question of the nothing unfolded here has actually questioned us, then we have not simply brought metaphysics before us in an extrinsic manner. Nor have we merely been "transposed" to it. We cannot be transposed there at all, because insofar as we exist we are always there already. "For by nature, my friend, man's mind dwells in philosophy" (Plato, Phaedrus, 279a). So long as man exists, philosophizing of some sort occurs. Philosophy―what we call philosophy―is metaphysics getting under way, in which philosophy comes to itself and to its explicit tasks. Philosophy gets under way only by a peculiar insertion of our own existence into the fundamental possibilities of Dasein as a whole. For this insertion it is of decisive importance, first, that we allow space for beings as a whole; second, that we release ourselves into the nothing, which is to say, that we liberate ourselves from those idols everyone has and to which he is wont to go cringing; and finally, that we let the sweep of our suspense take its full course, so that it swings back into the basic question of metaphysics which the nothing itself compels: 'Why are there beings at all, and why not rather nothing?"―from_What is Metaphysics?_
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|Every human body has its optimum weight and contour, which only health and efficiency can establish. Whenever we treat women’s bodies as aesthetic objects without function we deform them and their owners. Whether the curves imposed are the ebullient arabesques of the tit-queen or the attenuated coils of art nouveau, they are deformations of the dynamic, individual body, and limitations of the possibilities of being female.
Carter G. Woodson, The Mis-Education of the Negro|If you can control a man's thinking you do not have to worry about his action. When you determine what a man shall think you do not have to concern yourself about what he will do. If you make a man feel that he is inferior, you do not have to compel him to accept an inferior status, for he will seek it himself. If you make a man think that he is justly an outcast, you do not have to order him to the back door. He will go without being told; and if there is no back door, his very nature will demand one.
Katie MacAlister, A Midsummer Night's Romp|I think it’s cool that you care about your heritage, but yet you don’t conform. Promise me that no matter what happens, you’ll never lose that feisty, impulsive side of you.
Tim O'Brien|On occasions the war was like a Ping-Pong ball. You could put fancy spin on it, you could make it dance.
David Hume, A Treatise of Human Nature|So, using his pride like a shield against despair, dejection, and-most important—self-pity, Raoden raised his head to stare damnation in the eyes.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Great Soul, Great Spirit, Great Self.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Lardo was getting on in years, and his big belly tended to slow him down a bit.
Thomm Quackenbush, Find What You Love and Let It Kill You|I’m Christian, but if God is truly a God of love, then why would he have a private torture chamber where he put people that he was supposed to love and forgive to be punished forever? If you actually read the Bible, the idea of hell like in the movies and most books was invented by a writer. Dante’s Inferno was ripped off by the Church to give people something to be afraid of, to literally scare people into being Christian.
A.L. Jackson, Pulled|In life we do not attract what we want, we attract who we are.
Francis Bacon|Truth is a naked and open daylight, that does not show the masques, and mummeries, and triumphs of the world, half so stately and daintily as candle-lights. . . A mixture of a lie doth ever add pleasure
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. Live your truth and don't EVER stop!
Judith McNaught, A Kingdom of Dreams|How strange, Royce thought, that, after emerging victorious from more than a hundred real battles, the greatest moment of triumph he had ever known had come to him on a mock battlefield where he'd stood alone, unhorsed, and defeated. This morning, his life had seemed as bleak as death. Tonight, he held joy in his arms. Someone or something—fate or fortune or Jenny's God—had looked down upon him this morning and seen his anguish. And, for some reason, Jenny had been given back to him.Closing his eyes, Royce brushed a kiss against her smooth forehead. Thank you, he thought.And in his heart, he could have sworn he heard a voice answer, You're welcome.
Allan Rufus, The Master's Sacred Knowledge|Love is magical, it changes and brightens up your world!
David Letterman|I would like to take you seriously, but to do so would affront your intelligence.
Kate Atkinson, Life After Life|Pamela produced placid babies. "They don't tend to turn feral until they're two," she said.
Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry|Love as a concrete foundation for an authentically functional civilization requires the around-the-clock labors of forgiveness. Without it, Love fails, Friendship fails, Intelligence fails, Humanity: fails.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Selected Essays, Lectures, and Poems|Reluctant hero, drafted again each Fourthof July, I'll bow and remember you. Whoshall we follow next? Who shall we killnext time?
Wilfrid Laurier|The people of the future will say, meat-eaters in disgust and regard us in the same way that we regard cannibals and cannibalism.
Savannah Stuart, Worth the Risk|A year ago, she'd have opened her arms to him and bonded with him before falling in love. A year ago she'd been so secure in who she was an her place in the world, that she'd have known that the love would eventually come with the mating -that nature would work itself out. A year ago, she'd been stupid and naive.
Anonymous ., The Angel Affect: The World Wide Mission|It’s not other people’s job to make you happy and fulfilled; it’s yours. It’s important to always be nice and respectful of others, but it’s even more important to be nice and respectful toward yourself. You have to live with yourself the rest of your life, so stop being so hard on yourself. Focus on your strengths and lead by example. You are special and unique in every way. And if other people don’t appreciate you for who you are, it’s their loss. Remember, there are some people who don’t even like chocolate cake!
Ally Carter, Heist Society|Where will we go?""I hear hell is particularly nice at this time of year.
Colleen Hoover, This Girl|Miracles are to come. With you I leave a remembrance of miracles: they are by somebody who can loveand who shall be continually reborn, a human being.
Gregory Maguire|I said it was a brutal thing."No, it was a human thing. You should not insult the brutes by such a misuse of that word; they have not deserved it.
Maurice Blanchot, The Madness of the Day|It will cost me a lot to send you with Scott wearing that dress but, just so you know: if you come with that dress even slightly wrinkled, I will trace Scott, and when I find him, it's not gonna be pretty.
James Patrick Murray|You win some, lose some, and wreck some.
Toni Morrison, Song of Solomon|It's a bad word, 'belong.' Especially when you put it with somebody you love ... You can't own a human being.
Lynn Hersha, Secret Weapons: How Two Sisters Were Brainwashed To Kill For Their Country|When a flight is proceeding incredibly well, something was forgotten.
Paul Carlson, Analog Science Fiction and Fact, 2012 December|As you ripen, you’ll notice that time is the weirdest thing in the world, that these surprises are relentless, and that getting older is not a stroll but an ambush.
L. Douglas Hogan|some smart alecs of those days after World War I used to say: "The French fought for liberty, the British fought to control the seas, but the Americans fought for souvenirs.
Linda Stout, Bridging the Class Divide: And Other Lessons for Grassroots Organizing|Unless institutional power reinforces the hurt and prejudice suffered by a group, it is not oppression. By definition, a person of color cannot be racist, or a woman sexist, because they do not have the institutionalized power to act on their prejudices. Also, by definition, all white people are racist, not just because of the personal attitudes that we usually think of as racist, but because of the privilege white skin brings in our society. Whites cannot say they are not racist because they are born into a society that teaches racism and reinforces white privilege every day even before they can be aware of it. Whites can choose, however, to be active antiracists, which means making a commitment to a lifelong process of learning to recognize racism in themselves and in the institutions they are part of and taking steps to stop it.
Doug Wilhelm, Falling|The flow. Yeah. Knowing you could step on the court and make it happen. You practiced, sure. But then, when you walked out there, you could just go. You could flow, that was it: you created and you didn't totally know how. You just knew you could, so you did. It wasn't thinking and it wasn't imitating somebody else's moves, though you always looked carefully when you watched good players play. But when you played... it was something you couldn't explain. Neal used to know. It didn't come from thinking about it.
Ma Jian|To me, the American Dream is being able to follow your own personal calling. To be able to do what you want to do is incredible freedom.
Dada Bhagwan|Egoism [Ahamkar: Aham=I; kar=did] means ‘I did’. Where one is not the doer and he says, ‘I did’; that is egoism. To do egoism and to walk around with an inflated chest is pride (maan) and then to go on telling others ‘I did it myself’, is known as pride with my-ness (abhiman).
Phil Lester|The moral of the story is even though that seemed like the end of the world back then, right now I can look back on it and laugh. And if anyone is going through something similar right now just know it will get better.
Walt Disney|You have to enjoy life. Always be surrounded by people that you like, people who have a nice conversation. There are so many positive things to think about.
Eugene H. Peterson|My feelings are important for many things. They are essential and valuable. They keep me aware of much that is true and real. But they tell me next to nothing about God or my relation to God. My security comes from who God is, not from how I feel. Discipleship is a decision to live by what I know about God, not by what I feel about Him or my neighbors.
James D. Watson|In high school, a teacher once suggested that I be a math major in college. I thought, 'Me? You've got to be joking!' I mean, in junior high, I used to come home and cry because I was so afraid of my math homework. Seriously, I was terrified of math.
Diane Goold, Diane's Daily Devotions|The scriptures serve as guideposts to keep us on the right path, and prayer is our helpline when we have lost our way or need to be redirected.
Farshad Asl|Whether you have experienced financial struggles, a challenging childhood, prejudice or criticism against your weight, sex, race, or faith, or even rejection, failure, and loss, you should never give up. Your experiences, challenges, and struggles are all the more reasons for you to succeed. So get up, get busy, and start building the future you deserve. There are no limits other than the ones we create for ourselves. Grow from your past to gain success in your future.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Bluebeard|I mean, that's at least in part why I ingested chemical waste - it was a kind of desire to abbreviate myself. To present the CliffNotes of the emotional me, as opposed to the twelve-column read.I used to refer to my drug use as putting the monster in the box. I wanted to be less, so I took more - simple as that. Anyway, I eventually decided that the reason Dr. Stone had told me I was hypomanic was that he wanted to put me on medication instead of actually treating me. So I did the only rational thing I could do in the face of such as insult - I stopped talking to Stone, flew back to New York, and married Paul Simon a week later.
Gail Honeyman, Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine|Karen, her elbows folded on the deck-rail, wanted to share with someone her pleasure in being alone: this is the paradox of any happy solitude.
Warren Farrell, The Myth of Male Power|I am a men's liberationist (or "masculist") when men's liberation is defined as equal opportunity and equal responsibility for both sexes. I am a feminist when feminism favors equal opportunities and responsibilities for both sexes. I oppose both movements when either says our sex is THE oppressed sex, therefore, "we deserve rights." That's not gender liberation but gender entitlement. Ultimately, I am in favor of neither a women's movement nor a men's movement but a gender transition movement.
Alysia Abbott, Fairyland: A Memoir of My Father|The disaster, as Dad and others saw it, was the emerging AIDS crisis and the cultural attacks instigated by conservative against gay men and women in the early 1980s. It was found in the cruel indifference of President Ronald Reagan, who wouldn’t publicly address the epidemic until the end of his second term, after twenty thousand Americans had died, and the hostile rhetoric of conservatives close to Reagan like Jerry Falwell, founder of the Moral Majority, and Pat Buchanan, Reagan’s future speechwriter. In 1983, Buchanan wrote of AIDS, “The poor homosexuals–they have declared war upon nature, and now nature is extracting an awful retribution.
A. Ashley Straker, Infected Connection|Partnership means she is of equal rank to you, Raven', Obiakor continued...'Don't play games with her.
David Levithan, Every Day|In my experience, desire is desire, love is love. I have never fallen in love for a gender. I have fallen for individuals. I know this is hard for people to do, but I don’t understand why it’s so hard, when it’s so obvious.
Tony Campolo|I'm wondering if they haven't reported all the people with MS, because if all of the cases were reported, the government would have to step in and give more financial aid to us.
Josh Hatcher, Manlihood: The 12 Pillars of Masculinity|Stop blaming racism, politics, bullies, your crappy parents, your ex-wife, your lack of friends or anything else for your problems. Sometimes, I think our “problems” are really just opportunities to test our metal. We look at them as holes that we fall into, when really, they are the CHANCE to prove to ourselves and those around us just what kind of men we are!
Michael Douglas|I have nothing against her, and in fact I'm very fond of my first wife. But we should have ended that marriage eight or 10 years earlier.
Nicholas M. Cuono Sr., This Is His House and These Are His Rules|Power and knowledge are funny things if you have no idea how to handle them. But God gives every man, woman, and child the opportunity to share in His divine nature and to live for an eternity. We are part of the infinite wonders of His inconceivable love for us, and we will share in His total power and knowledge if we pass this test.
Mary E. Pearson, The Kiss of Deception|There aren't many berry bushes where I'm from.""And just where would that be?"His hand paused on a berry like it was a monumental decision whether to pluck it or not. He finally pulled and explained he was from a small town in the southernmost part of Morringhan. When I asked the name, he said it was very small and had no name...."A town with no name? Really? How very odd." I waited for him to scramble, and he didn't disappoint me."It's only a region. A few scattered dwellings at most. We're farmers there. Mostly farmers. And you? Where are you from?"...I took the berry still poised in his fingers and popped it in my mouth. Where was I from? I narrowed my eyes and smiled. "A small town in the northernmost part of Morrighan. Mostly farmers. Only a regions, really. A few scattered dwellings. At most. No name."He couldn't restrain a chuckle. "Then we come from opposite but similar worlds, don't we?
Anthony Liccione|For some soldiers, there is a greater war going on behind the gun's shadow of family and friends, than in front of the gun pointing at strange enemies.
Zoë Marriott, The Swan Kingdom|To ugly ducklings everywhere,Don't worry about those fluffy yellow morons:They'll never get to be swans
Debasish Mridha|When we emerge into the beauty of a dancing peacock, our spirit dances with joy.
Steven Magee|I can't imagine why a media company views a law preventing the commission of hate speech as a restriction on media freedom, but it is probably similar to how some religious folk view hate speech as being essential to religious freedom.
Mario Puzo|Not to be rich, but to have money; to have money like a wall to put your back to, and then face the world.
Matthew Quick, The Silver Linings Playbook|Look, sometimes it’s OK with girls like this, they wanna have fun, and sometimes it’s not because they've got a broken wing and they’re hurt and they’re an easy target. In this case, this particular case, I think that wing is being fixed, my friend, and you gotta make sure that it’s mended and you’re getting in the way of that right now, okay, because she’s sensitive and she’s smart, she’s artistic. This is a great girl, you gotta be respectful to that. Come on, let me walk you to your car, you’re a better guy than this.
James Fallows|Dad was very into electronics, robotics and computers, so I was interested in what he was doing.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Master of Maxims|If I don't see the reason of someone being my friend, chances are, we are just floating and I need a ship to set sail.
Kevin Wallis, Beneath the Surface of Things|It had all begun on the elevated. There was a particular little sea of roots he had grown into the habit of glancing at just as the packed car carrying him homeward lurched around a turn. A dingy, melancholy little world of tar paper, tarred gravel, and smoky brick. Rusty tin chimneys with odd conical hats suggested abandoned listening posts. There was a washed-out advertisement of some ancient patent medicine on the nearest wall. Superficially it was like ten thousand other drab city roofs. But he always saw it around dusk, either in the normal, smoky half-light, or tinged with red by the flat rays of a dirty sunset, or covered by ghostly windblown white sheets of rain-splash, or patched with blackish snow; and it seemed unusually bleak and suggestive, almost beautifully ugly, though in no sense picturesque; dreary but meaningful. Unconsciously it came to symbolize for Catesby Wran certain disagreeable aspects of the frustrated, frightened century in which he lived, the jangled century of hate and heavy industry and Fascist wars. The quick, daily glance into the half darkness became an integral part of his life. Oddly, he never saw it in the morning, for it was then his habit to sit on the other side of the car, his head buried in the paper.One evening toward winter he noticed what seemed to be a shapeless black sack lying on the third roof from the tracks. He did not think about it. It merely registered as an addition to the well-known scene and his memory stored away the impression for further reference. Next evening, however, he decided he had been mistaken in one detail. The object was a roof nearer than he had thought. Its color and texture, and the grimy stains around it, suggested that it was filled with coal dust, which was hardly reasonable. Then, too, the following evening it seemed to have been blown against a rusty ventilator by the wind, which could hardly have happened if it were at all heavy. ("Smoke Ghost")
Amanda  Carlson, Pure Blooded|There is no reason for any of this if we don't survive."	Vince reached out and ran a hand through her long hair. "Ah, love. That's where you're wrong. As long as we do what we're meant to do, it doesn't really matter if we survive or not.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|Earth processes that seem trivially slow in human time can accomplish stunning work in geologic time. Let the Colorado River erode its bed by 1/100th of an inch each year (about the thickness of one of your fingernails.) Multiply it by six million years, and you’ve carved the Grand Canyon. Take the creeping pace of which the continents move (about two inches per year on average, or roughly as fast as your fingernails grow). Stretch that over thirty million years, and a continent will travel nearly 1,000 miles. Stretch that over a few billions years, and continents will have time to wander from the tropics to the poles and back, crunching together to assemble super-continents, break apart into new configurations- and do all of that again several times over. Deep time, it could be said, is Nature’s way of giving the Earth room for its history. The recognition of deep time might be geology’s paramount contribution to human knowledge.
Dwight Longenecker, The Romance of Religion: Fighting for Goodness, Truth, and Beauty|Ridcully sighed.'All right, you fellows,' he said. 'No magic at Table, you know the rules. Who's playing silly buggers?'The other senior wizards stared at him.'I, I, I don't think we can play it any more,' said the Bursar, who at the moment was only occasionally bouncing off the sides of sanity, 'I, I, I think we lost some of the pieces...
Albert Einstein|Vices are simply overworked virtues, anyway. Economy and frugality are to be commended but follow them on in an increasing ratio and what do we find at the other end? A miser! If we overdo the using of spare moments we may find an invalid at the end, while perhaps if we allowed ourselves more idle time we would conserve our nervous strength and health to more than the value the work we could accomplish by emulating at all times the little busy bee. I once knew a woman, not very strong, who to the wonder of her friends went through a time of extraordinary hard work without any ill effects. I asked her for her secret and she told me that she was able to keep her health, under the strain, because she took 20 minutes, of each day in which to absolutely relax both mind and body. She did not even “set and think.” She lay at full length, every muscle and nerve relaxed and her mind as quiet as her body. This always relieved the strain and renewed her strength.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|I'm crazy, boy. I'm a madman. I could eat both of you for dinner and love every bite.
William Joyce, The Leaf Men and the Brave Good Bugs|The garden is a miraculous place, and anything can happen on a beautiful moonlit night.
Abraham Lincoln|As the patriots of seventy-six did to the support of the Declaration of Independence, so to the support of the Constitution and Laws, let every American pledge his life, his property, and his sacred honor; – let every man remember that to violate the law, is to trample on the blood of his father, and to tear the character of his own, and his children's liberty. Let reverence for the laws, be breathed by every American mother, to the lisping babe, that prattles on her lap – let it be taught in schools, in seminaries, and in colleges; – let it be written in Primmers, spelling books, and in Almanacs; – let it be preached from the pulpit, proclaimed in legislative halls, and enforced in courts of justice. And, in short, let it become the political religion of the nation; and let the old and the young, the rich and the poor, the grave and the gay, of all sexes and tongues, and colors and conditions, sacrifice unceasingly upon its altars.While ever a state of feeling, such as this, shall universally, or even, very generally prevail throughout the nation, vain will be every effort, and fruitless every attempt, to subvert our national freedom.
Renee Fredrickson, Repressed Memories: A Journey to Recovery from Sexual Abuse|Treating Abuse Today 3(4) pp. 26-33Freyd: The term "multiple personality" itself assumes that there is "single personality" and there is evidence that no one ever displays a single personality.TAT: The issue here is the extent of dissociation and amnesia and the extent to which these fragmentary aspects of personality can take executive control and control function. Sure, you and I have different parts to our mind, there's no doubt about that, but I don't lose time to mine they can't come out in the middle of a lecture and start acting 7 years old. I'm very much in the camp that says that we all are multi-minds, but the difference between you and me and a multiple is pretty tangible.Freyd: Those are clearly interesting questions, but that area and the clinical aspects of dissociation and multiple personalities is beyond anything the Foundation is actively...TAT: That's a real problem. Let me tell you why that's a problem. Many of the people that have been alleged to have "false memory syndrome" have diagnosed dissociative disorders. It seems to me the fact that you don't talk about dissociative disorders is a little dishonest, since many people whose lives have been impacted by this movement are MPD or have a dissociative disorder. To say, "Well, we ONLY know about repression but not about dissociation or multiple personalities" seems irresponsible.Freyd: Be that as it may, some of the scientific issues with memory are clear. So if we can just stick with some things for a moment; one is that memories are reconstructed and reinterpreted no matter how long ago or recent.TAT: You weigh the recollected testimony of an alleged perpetrator more than the alleged victim's. You're saying, basically, if the parents deny it, that's another notch for disbelief.Freyd: If it's denied, certainly one would want to check things. It would have to be one of many factors that are weighed -- and that's the problem with these issues -- they are not black and white, they're very complicated issues.
Elizabeth J. Kolodziej, Vampyre Kisses|An understanding washed over Darren. You plan on me running.”“For many, many years.” The crooked smile on Trent’s mouth sent a shiver throughout my body. He was utterly dangerous when he wanted to be.
Jasmine Warga, My Heart and Other Black Holes|Sometimes I wonder if my heart is like a black hole--it's so dense that there's no room for light, but that doesn't mean it can't still suck me in.
Alex Z. Moores, Living in Water|No water, No life.
J.L. Berg, Ready for You|I've a long time trying to lovea brother whose only way of touching me is pain.A long time escaping into music.Practice, lessons, rehearsals that protect mefrom the hurting parts of life.I've been winning awards, applause,acclaim for my trumpets since I was in grade s
Charles de Gaulle|The idea that you can merchandise candidates for high office like breakfast cereal - that you can gather votes like box tops - is, I think, the ultimate indignity to the democratic process.
Rob Lowe, Stories I Only Tell My Friends|Fathers, provoke not your children to wrath.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You are a product of your mind, a result of your thoughts, and a consequence of your actions.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|I was so ashamed for a mistake I made unknowingly when I was completely out of control and lost my mind for some reasons. I thought about to end my life next day at some point. I was struggling to cope with my pain, shame and thinking about others who I had hurt unintentionally. The worst moment came when people who I loved most had pulled out their support and threatens me to end relationships. Lesson learns hard way that people who are not with you at worst time of your life have no right to stand beside you when you are at best. Life goes on...........
Nate Diaz|My mom told me as a youngster I was always intellectual, like as far as being able to adapt fast and quick. But I had a fun childhood, went to regular school.
stacy snapp killian: StacyK|Your work is what you were born to do. No kind of educational system can teach you your true work, because it is your life purpose, and it is revealed by your God-given gifts.
Habib Sadeghi, Within|Regardless of where I have been, I choose to step into my loving.
Witi Ihimaera, The Whale Rider|... the love which Kahu received from Koro Apirana was the sort that dropped off the edge of the table, like breadcrumbs after everybody else has had a big meal.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|Why does no one speak of the cultural advantages of the country? For example, is a well groomed, ecologically kept, sustainably fertile farm any less cultural, any less artful, than paintings of fat angels on church ceilings?
Karl Ove Knausgård|Indwelling sin remains in us even though it has been dethroned. And though it has been overthrown and weakened, its nature has not changed. Sin is still hostile to God and cannot submit to His law (Romans 8:7). Thus we have an implacable enemy of righteousness right in our own hearts. What diligence and watchfulness is required of us when this enemy in our souls is ready to oppose every effort to do good!
Wendo L.|When you live in my house, you learn to be fine with whatever you come across. It's the only way to stay sane in insanity.
Stephen Harper|In constant pursuit of money to finance campaigns, the political system is simply unable to function. Its deliberative powers are paralyzed.
Lawrence M. Krauss|Our message of ensuring every Hoosier has access to a quality education that turns into a good paying job, that ultimately leads to a meaningful career with access to affordable health care, is resonating.
Suzumu, 終焉の栞 [Shuuen no Shiori]|My hobby is to make up these "false stories". The stories that I create impact the public in a completely different form... It's enjoyable when it proceeds just as I expect it to. - A-ya
Banana Yoshimoto, Asleep|Sleep is no longer a healing bath, a recuperation of vital forces, but an oblivion, a nightly brush with annihilation.
Jack Klumpenhower, Show Them Jesus: Teaching the Gospel to Kids|I consider the two years in Beaufort when I taught high school as perhaps the happiest time of my life. My attraction to melodrama and suffering had not yet overwhelmed me, but signs of it were surfacing. No one had warned me that a teacher could fall so completely in love with his students that graduation seemed like the death of a small civilization.
Tamara Hoffa, Heart of a Soldier|You are not a man anymore. You are a soldier. Your comfort is of no importance and your life isn’t of much importance. Most of your orders will be unpleasant, but that’s not your business.They should’ve trained you for this, and not for flower-strewn streets. They should have built your soul with truth, not led along with lies.
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|That’s how history unfolds. People weave a web of meaning, believe in it with all their heart, but sooner or later the web unravels, and when we look back we cannot understand how anybody could have taken it seriously.
VicDo|Deprived of the infinite, man has become what he always was: a supernumerary. He hardly counts; he forms part of the troupe called Humanity; if he misses a cue, he is hissed; and if he drops through the trapdoor another puppet is in readiness to take his place.
Cullen Thomas|Aika often says that she is the only one capable of loving me the same way I am is the one capable of loving her, and no one will be able to stand my twisted personality other than her and for me to betray her is unthinkable and impossible
Ann Hood|I don't feel much pressure to fit in. I never have. I've always just wanted to do my thing. I have really good friends and good family, and if I don't fit in somewhere else, I fit in at home.
J.I. Packer, Evangelism & the Sovereignty of God|Even if one gives up the concept of God, there are quite a few recognized immaterial things that one has to struggle with. Things such as thought, truth, logic, morality, purpose, and justice become a real problem if the universe is simply material. One could say that these things are imaginary, but then they would have to explain the immaterial construct of imagination.
Penny Watson, Apples Should Be Red|Like any man, he had no real protection from an unsolicited kiss from a pretty woman, even one he had just murdered.
Charlie Jane Anders|Maybe she would have done more good as a playwright than as a doctor, after all — clichés were like plaque in the arteries of the imagination, they clogged the sense of what was possible. Maybe if enough people had worked to demolish clichés, the world wouldn't have ended.
James E. Faust|Marriage is a mystery, and part of it is just being kind to each other, not being selfish.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|But love is much like a dam: if you allow a tiny crack to form through whichonly a trickle of water can pass, that trickle will quickly bring down the whole structure, and soon no one will be able to control the force of the current. For when those walls come down, then love takes over, and it no longer matters what is possible or impossible; it doesn't even matter whether we can keep the loved one at our side. To love is to lose control.
Deyth Banger|Science have proof that women talk more than men, it's a fact.
S.M. Parker|My own drawing was a house made of books, but where there should have been a door, there was a book, and where there should have been windows, there were books, and where the chimney should have been open to let the smoke out, a book was covering the hole, so if anyone was in the house, they couldn't get out. They'd suffocate, to be found years later, a desiccated corpse still marking its place in the book it had been reading with a knobby finger bone, head caved in by an avalanche of fallen books. As I said, I liked books.
Erik Pevernagie|When our mental functioning is whittling away and our mind becomes a lame duck, perception does not form the context anymore and all connections on the social chessboard are conked out. Only patience and endurance may draw us out of the quagmire of numbness and allow us to tear open the cloudy screen that is hiding our points of ‘interest’ and ‘attention’, so long as we focus on the ‘singular moments’ and the ‘appealing details’ in our life. Awareness can help us shape a comprehensive picture for a functional future. ("Lost the global story.")
Kojiro Tomita|Take time to sense the abundance we have, as we don't have an abundance of time.
Robin Hobb, Ship of Destiny|That is the challenge Companion. To take what has happened to you and learn from it. Nothing is quite so destructive as pity, especially self-pity. No event in life is so terrible that one cannot rise above it.
Eddie Huang|In politics, the people I most despise are those who have no values.
Donna Edwards|Faith and doubt both are needed - not as antagonists, but working side by side to take us around the unknown curve.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|If we take care of our neighbors,our neighbors will take care of us.If we take care of our friends,our friends will take care of us.If we take care of our family,our family will take care of us.If we take care of others,our God will take care of us.
H.G. Wells, The Wife of Sir Isaac Harman|And she wanted to be free. It wasn't Mr. Brumley she wanted; he was but a means — if indeed he was a means — to an end. The person she wanted, the person she had always wanted — was herself. Could Mr. Brumley give her that? Would Mr. Brumley give her that? Was it conceivable he would carry sacrifice to such a pitch as that?...
Blake Lively|Even today, I am still very child-like while designing. It's a bit like Christmas - each of your designs you create is like unravelling your presents.
Sri Chinmoy|Love the world. Otherwise, you will be forced to carry the heaviest load: your own bitter self.
Hans Urs von Balthasar, Love Alone is Credible|The first thing the Cross does is cross out the world's word by a Wholly-Other Word, a Word that the world does not want to hear at any price. For the world wants to live and rise again before it dies, while the love of Christ wants to die in order to rise again in the form of God on the other side of death, indeed, IN death.
Alex Morgan|If we expect to continue our leadership in the global economy, we must invest in a long-term transportation plan -f or both highways and transit programs. Too many of our roads, bridges, and railways have fallen into disrepair.
Kaitlyn Greenidge, We Love You, Charlie Freeman|But the most dangerous thing that camp had taught me was the awful lesson of country living: out there, in the open, in the quiet, all the emptiness pressed itself up against you, pawed at the very center of your heart, convinced you to make friends with loneliness.
Sonam Kapoor|Wanting a more positive environment isn't enough. You need to do something, and it doesn't require a great deal of effort or some huge change in the way you approach things at work.
Rebecca Wells, Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood|These are all I have. I do not have the wide, bright beacon of some solid old lighthouse, guiding ships safely home, past the jaggedrocks. I only have these little glimmers that flicker and then go out.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Prozac Nation|If I were another person, I go on, I wouldn’t want to deal with me, I don’t want to deal with me, It’s so hopeless, I want out of this life. I really do. I keep thinking that if I could just get a grip of myself, I could be all right again. I keep thinking I’m driving myself crazy, but I swear, I swear to God, I have no control. It’s so awful, It’s like some demons have taken over my mind. And nobody believes me, Everybody thinks I could be better if I wanted to. But I can’t be the old Lizzy anymore, I can’t be myself anymore, I mean, actually, I am being myself right now and it’s horrible.
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|If you go to thinking take your heart with you. If you go to love, take your head with you. Love is empty without thinking, thinking hollow without love
J.K. Rowling|I am very frustrated by fear of imagination, I don’t think that’s healthy.
Najwa Zebian, Mind Platter|Don’t tell me what I want to hear. Tell me the truth. It may hurt, but it definitely won’t hurt more than the feeling that I was told something out of pity, not out of honesty. If you mean it, say it. If you don’t, keep your words until the right person is standing in front of you. If words are said too many times, they become cheap, and I only deserve to hear what is valuable
Amit Kalantri|Taking actions will fulfill your dreams and wishes, not the prayers and blessings.
Christine Warren, Hard as a Rock|Her ankle was screaming like a blonde in a horror flick...	Huffing a little, she once more wished that being a witch was lot more like Harry Potter made it out to be and a lot less like being a good cook. This whole situation would be vastly improved if all she had to do was dig her magic wand out of her bag, point it at the security guards chasing her, and shout, "Stupefy!
Roland Barthes|Language is a skin: I rub my language against the other. It is as if I had words instead of fingers, or fingers at the tip of my words. My language trembles with desire
Christopher Hitchens, The Quotable Hitchens from Alcohol to Zionism: The Very Best of Christopher Hitchens|Those of us who are most genuinely repelled by war and violence are also those who are most likely to decide that some things, after all, are worth fighting for.
Jim Morrison|I think of myself as an intelligent, sensitive human being with the soul of a clown which always forces me to blow it at the most important moments.
James          Anderson, The Never-Open Desert Diner|We thought we'd seen it all. The real horror of war is always waiting for you at home. It's waiting, I tell you. We were so damned happy when we got back. We'd made it. We survived. But it's always waiting. Waiting. You let down your guard. And there it is. You can't ever let up. Give up.
Chris Cleave, Everyone Brave is Forgiven|Life took longer to reassemble than it did to blow apart, but that didn't mean it wouldn't be lovely, providing that one remembered to go for country walks, and to tune the wireless to music.
Kevin Hearne, Shattered|When I stepped onto the bridge over the Iowa River and stood looking out across the water, I knew I was home. I was wrong about that, as it turns out. And I know now that my certainty was based on a series of troubling misconceptions, but it would be years before I would lose the comfort that certainty gave me.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|Reality is a projection of your thoughts or the things you habitually think about. Your entire life and everything in it is a result of your belief system coupled with your thoughts. The feelings and emotions you have cement this in your mind, and the illusion of all of this combined is what you see as your reality on a moment-to-moment and day-to-day basis.
San Juan de la Cruz, The Poems of St John of the Cross|They can be like the sun, words.They can do for the heart what light can for a field.
Anaïs Nin, Henry and June: From "A Journal of Love"--The Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin|Sometimes, you can hold a grudge for so long you forget why you were holding onto it. And before you know it, half a lifetime has gone by and all you’ve got is a empty fist and a lot of regret.
CrimethInc., Contradictionary|Historically, the 'deadline' was the line around a prison beyond which prisoners were eligible for shooting. In keeping with shifts in the exercise of control, what one was delineated spatially over life is now enforced temporarily over labor.
Yogi Berra|Instead of living only for ourselves, we have a higher goal: to live for Jesus.
Jennifer Michael Hecht, Doubt: A History: The Great Doubters and Their Legacy of Innovation from Socrates and Jesus to Thomas Jefferson and Emily Dickinson|Plato offers the amazing idea that contemplation of the way things really are is, in itself, a purifying process that can bring human beings into the only divinity there is.
John Farndon, Do You Think You're Clever?: The Oxbridge Questions|Books can be immensely powerful. The ideas in them can change the way people think. Yet it was the Nazis and Stalin's officers who committed terrible crimes, and not Mein Kampf or the Communist Manifesto - and of course, the Manifesto contained many key ideas that are still relevant and important today, long after Stalin has gone. There is a crucial distinction between the book and its effect - it's crucial because if you talk about a book being harmful rather than its effect you begin to legitimise censorship. Abhorrent ideas need to be challenged by better ones, not banned.
Anthony Liccione|And it occurs to me that there’s no real difference between us, the living and the dead; it’s just a matter of tense: past-dead and future-dead.
George R.R. Martin|The only wolves we got to fear are the ones wear manskin,
Marty Rubin|She loved him, even though it was so hard to love anybody else after loving my dad. I think I knew this before she did.
Elizabeth Haydon, The Floating Island|Tell people the hammered truth, and it will ring like steel against an anvil.
Lawrence N. Powell, Troubled Memory: Anne Levy, the Holocaust, and David Duke's Louisiana|Public truth telling is a form of recovery, especially when combined with social action. Sharing traumatic experiences with others enables victims to reconstruct repressed memory, mourn loss, and master helplessness, which is trauma's essential insult. And, by facilitating reconnection to ordinary life, the public testimony helps survivors restore basic trust in a just world and overcome feelings of isolation. But the talking cure is predicated on the existence of a community willing to bear witness. 'Recovery can take place only within the context of relationships,' write Judith Herman. 'It cannot occur in isolation.
Pierre Bayard, Sherlock Holmes Was Wrong: Reopening the Case of The Hound of the Baskervilles|Our relationship with literary characters, at least to those that exercise a certain attraction over us, rests in fact on a denial. We know perfectly well, on a conscious level, that these characters “do not exist,” or in any case do not exist in the same way as do the inhabitants of the real world. But things manifest in an entirely different way on the unconscious level, which is interested not in the ontological differences between worlds but in the effect they produce on the psyche.Every psychoanalyst knows how deeply a subject can be influenced, and even shaped, sometimes to the point of tragedy, by a fictional character and the sense of identification it gives rise to. This remark must first of all be understood as a reminder that we ourselves are usually fictional characters for other people […]
Michael D. Higgins|If we were all determined to play the first violin we should never have an ensemble. therefore, respect every musician in his proper place.
Arthur Schopenhauer|Time is that by which at every moment all things become as nothing in our hands, and thereby lose all their true value.
Idries Shah|Now that I have found thee, I know that in the first step I took, I moved away from thee.
Hilary Mantel, Bring Up the Bodies|You know I'm not a man with whom you can have inconsequential conversations. I cannot split myself into two, one your friend and the other the king's servant.
Mark Abraham|What is inner peace but a deeply held belief that your current situation is exactly as it should be." - L. R. W. Lee, Andy Smithson: Blast of the Dragon's Fury
Karen Marie Moning, Bloodfever|Scars are not signs of weakness, they are signs of survival and endurance.
Carl von Clausewitz|The essential truth is that sometimes you're worried that they'll find out it's a fluke, that you don't really have it. You've lost the muse or - the worst dread - you never had it at all. I went through all that madness early on.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Every challenge, I have faced, dares me to seek a higher power.
Richard Matheson, Collected Stories, Vol. 1|God help me, he thought. God help all us poor wretches who could create and find we must lose our hearts for it because we cannot afford to spend our time at it. (“Mad House”)
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The foremost calling of the human brain is to script a safe, secure, and joyous future for a person.
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|Your thoughts are your truth, so make them good, be good, do good.
Collette West, Night Games|He has the body of a professional athlete, chiseled to perfection in all the right places.
Caroline Kepnes, You|I don't feel sorry for myself, Beck. Lots of people have shitty parents and roaches in the cabinets and stale, raw Pop-Tarts for dinner and a TV that barely works and a dad who doesn't care when his son doesn't come home during a national disaster. The thing is, I'm lucky. I had the bookstore.
Marcel Proust, Time Regained|For every death is a simplification of existence for the others, removes the necessity to show gratitude, the obligation to pay visits.
Edith Wharton, The House of Mirth|You are so special and important and elegant and smart and kind and worthwhile, and you are so much better than me and everyone else I’ve ever known in every single way, and you are the only truth I have ever found in this lying world, and I love you to the floor of me, and it breaks me to imagine a future without you in it, and I just want you to know all that, just because.
Shin Towada|Fiction books give the reader a chance to step away from their own reality and into the shoes of the characters, and they show you a world that isn't the one you already know. And sometimes the story's not so different from your own, and it lets you get closer to your own feelings.
Mich Albom|Man alone measures time.Man alone chimes the hour.And, because of this, man alone suffers a paralyzing fear that no other creature endures.A fear of time running out.
Batuhan Ibal|Swag is not something you wear, it is something you are born with.
Zig Ziglar|People crushed by laws, have no hope but to evade power. If the laws are their enemies, they will be enemies to the law; and those who have most to hope and nothing to lose will always be dangerous.
John Logan, Peter and Alice|If you ever want to see heaven, watch a bunch of young girls play. They are all sweat and skinned knees. Energy and open faces.
Carre Otis|With women, I've got a long bamboo pole with a leather loop on the end. I slip the loop around their necks so they can't get away or come too close. Like catching snakes.
Calvin W. Allison, Strong Love Church|The wind stirs through the trees, it moves the leaves, and it sways the branches—and yet it is unseen. The sound of it is detected, the effect of it is noticed, and yet it itself is unseen. In a way that is similar: the Spirit stirs in the heart, it moves emotions, it sways the mind, and by doing so causes a physical response to occur that defies human logic, and transcends perception.
Susane Colasanti, When It Happens|If the last to know he’s an addict is the addict, then maybe the last to know when a man means what he says is the man himself, he reflected.
Michael Monroe, Afterlife|Well, for one, you walk around like you’re so much better than everyone else. We’re all a bunch of soulless animals or somethin’ in your eyes, I guess. You’re the high and mighty one and I ain’t fit to drink your piss.
Buzz Aldrin|We should've asked China to be a portion of the space station. We should've worked out ways that we can... just give away the technology that we have that puts things up into space, with cooperation up above the atmosphere that's needed to help each other.
Kristen Johnston, Guts: The Endless Follies and Tiny Triumphs of a Giant Disaster|Free love, man, Free Love! Which, by the way, was the single greatest concept a young man has ever heard. About three years late, women got wise an my frustration returned to normal levels.
Gyomay M Kubose|Enlightenment was not just Gautama Buddha's, but you too, individually, must find this new perspective of life, this new point of view in your life and in all things." -
J. Matthew Nespoli|I have every luxury imaginable, I own acres of land, and have enough money to buy the moon were it for sale. Though people think I have everything, it sometimes feels like my possessions own me; towering over me and reducing me into a small bundle of insignificance.
Trae R. Miller|we have faith to sit in a chair, and continue to believe in its foundation that holds us up. If we have faith in God, the foundation will hold us both up, so its our decision to take the seat and trust him.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Man’s life, as required by his nature, is not the life of a mindless brute, of a looting thug or a mooching mystic, but the life of a thinking being—not life by means of force or fraud, but life by means of achievement—not survival at any price, since there’s only one price that pays for man’s survival: reason.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|Karen couldn't understand how these encounters had marked him, and she had always believed that a person without trauma was dangerous in some way, untested. Also bizarre: in all of his stories, Dan ended up succeeding.
Deyth Banger|If I am horror writer, I should listen to metal???- Why not to dubstep??? Or Deathstep???
Marian Keyes|The back windows looked out over the fields, then the Atlantic, maybe a hundred yards away. Actually, I'm just making that bit up. I had no idea how far away the sea was. Only men could do things like that. "Half a mile." "Fifty yards." Giving directions, that sort of thing. I could look at a woman and say "Thirty-six C." Or "Let's try it in the next size up." But I had no idea how far away Tim's sea was except that I wouldn't want to walk to it in high heels.
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|So you see, Good and Evil have the same face; it all depends on when they cross the path of each individual human being.
Todd William|Letting go of anger is the best way to find peace of mind, a healthier pain-free body, and an indomitable spirit.
Philip Larkin, Philip Larkin: Letters to Monica|Empty-page staring again tonight. It's maddening. I suppose people who don't write (like the Connollies) imagine anything that can be though can be expressed. Well, I don't know. I can't do it. It's this sort of thing that makes me belittle the whole business: what's the good of a 'talent' if you can't do it when you want to? What should we think of a woodcarver who couldn't woodcarver? or a pianist who couldn't play the piano? Bah, likewise grrr.
Nico J. Genes|Come to my reality, but day or night, don't make me stop dreaming.
|There are always some positive things happening in your life, but you would only notice them if you take your mind off from your negative experiences and start to focus on your daily blessings.
Karan Singh Grover|I love to sing. I also had a band during my college days in Saudi Arabia called Thousand Decibels. If not an actor, I would have become a singer. I am very passionate about work. I am a fitness freak: I go to gym before doing my shoot. I also do yoga.
Paul Murray, Skippy Dies|Fascinating ... The whole thing [the school dance] seems to work on a similar principle to a supercollider. You know, two streams of opposingly charged particles accelerated till they're just under the speed of light, and then crashed into each other? Only here alcohol, accentuated secondary sexual characteristics and primitive "rock and roll" beats take the place of velocity.
Christina Rossetti|Fair as the moon and joyful as the light;Tot wan with waiting, not with sorrow dim; Not as she is, but was when hope shone bright;Not as she is, but as she fills his dreams.
A. Zavarelli, Echo|We wrap up our violent and mysterious world in a pretence of understanding. We paper over the voids in our comprehension with science or religion, and make believe that order has been imposed. And, for the most of it, the fiction works. We skim across surfaces, heedless of the depths below. Dragonflies flitting over a lake, miles deep, pursuing erratic paths to pointless ends. Until that moment when something from the cold unknown reaches up to take us. The biggest lies we save for ourselves. We play a game in which we are gods, in which we make choices, and the current follows in our wake. We pretend a separation from the wild. Pretend that a man's control runs deep, that civilization is more than a veneer, that reason will be our companion in dark places.
Carine Roitfeld|You make yourself broad. You make yourself appealing. 'Hey, y'all, I'm cool with everybody.' That's my message.
Eric Maskin|New Zealand needs to balance its environmental responsibilities with its economic opportunities, because the risk is that if you don't do that - and you want to lead the world - then you might end up getting unintended consequences.
Jennifer Donnelly, These Shallow Graves|By dinnertime, Amanda had managed to pick off all of her red nail polish purely out of habit. She was disappointed and silently cursed at herself when she remembered not having anymore to put on. She stared at her fingernails for about twenty minutes for lack of something better to do.
Colson Whitehead|All that is necessary to break the spell of inertia and frustration is this: Act as if it were impossible to fail. That is the talisman, the formula, the command of right-about-face which turns us from failure towards success.
Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont, Beauty and the Beast|Alas! I thought I had only a friendship for you, but the grief I now feel convinces me, that I cannot live without you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever blessings, shall be abundantly blessed.
Stevie Wonder|Music is a world within itself, with a language we all understand.
Kate Winslet|When I launched the development of the GNU system, I explicitly said the purpose of developing this system is so we can use our computers and have freedom, thus if you use some other free system instead but you have freedom, then it's a success. It's not popularity for our code but it's success for our goal.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|Claire said. “I might be able to get him to stop.” “Who, crazy dude? Maybe. Or he might pull your head off,” Shane said. “I kind of worry.”She couldn’t help but smile. “Yeah?”“A little bit.”“That’s …nice.”He studied her, and returned the smile. “Yeah,” he said. “Kind of is, actually.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|For every seed of godliness, kindness and justice sowed, there will be surely be a harvest of goodness, significance and greatness.
Christian Lander, Whiter Shades of Pale: The Stuff White People Like, Coast to Coast, from Seattle's Sweaters to Maine's Microbrews|If hot food is they key to maintaining an expedition's stamina, then low grade gut-rot alcohol is the key to sustaining its sense of pleasure.
H.S. Crow, Lunora and the Monster King|false swears are like sweet poison and cancer , its work slowly without acknowledgment but take the till end like cancer
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery.
Adebowale Ojowuro, Echoes of Common Sense|The terrible error in the course of human civilization is undoubtedly the defective judgment that allowed religious authorities usurp the foundation of societal morality, in which all collective ethics of humankind must take a cause. This appalling blunder is comparable only to assigning the leper exclusive franchise to run beauty clinics in the society; this can only lead to cycles upon cycles of common infection syndrome.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you travel, be fully present in the place of voyage.
A.S. Peterson, Fiddler's Green|Her mind circled Georgia, circled Ebenezer. It called up images and memories and things nearly home but never that final destination itself, as if it existed at the center of her mind, shining like a sun too radiant. She knew there was a face at the center of that radiance. A face too bright. A face she sought and longed for but could no longer bear the light of. She drifted into sleep, circling, circling, circling.
Michael Robotham, The Wreckage|Although reality can sometimes corrupt the fairy tale and alter our ambitions, some things remain unalterable. From the richest to the poorest, we start and end with family.
Mehmet Murat ildan, Galileo Galilei|It’s very dangerous to invent something in our times; ostentatious men of the other world, who are hostile to innovations, roam about angrily. To live in peace, one has to stay away from innovations and new ideas. Innovations, like trees, attract the most destructive lightnings to themselves.
Ann Bannon, Beebo Brinker|Make no mistake, hiding one's true self away in a closet and creating a facade of heterosexuality is not without its consequences. It may appear to have a degree of safety but from my experience they are very unhealthy places and do all kinds of terrible things to individuals psychologically, emotionally and behaviourally.....to say nothing of projection. The damage of the fear, shame, guilt and self-loathing that exist inside a closet are often reflected unknowingly in the external life of the individual. In or out of the closet; there is a price to pay. Each individual must weigh up the consequences of honesty, openness, secrecy and deception for themselves. Coming out, for most of us, is like an exorcism that releases us of the darkness we have lived in for years and caused us to believe awful things about ourselves. On the other side of the looking glass are freedom, light and life.
Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls|So what do you think the physical effect was?"Roman Laughed. "Buddy," he said, "she was tripping.
Adam L. Feldman, Journaling: Catalyzing Spiritual Growth Through Reflection|He who wants to do good, knocks at the gate; he who loves finds the gates open.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters of Rainer Maria Rilke, 1892-1910|And now let us believe in a long year that is given to us, new, untouched, full of things that have never been, full of work that has never been done, full of tasks, claims, and demands; and let us see that we learn to take it without letting fall too much of what it has to bestow upon those who demand of it necessary, serious, and great things.
Antonia Michaelis, The Storyteller|She had taught herself how to knit, and for the mare's scarf - it was green - she had given herself the best grade possible. And ...''That's silly!' Micha giggled. 'Well, who is the cliff queen, you or me?' Abel asked. 'It isn't my fault if you're giving yourself grades!
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|When you're a child, your best friend in the world is the kid who lives next door. It doesn't occur to you then that this is a matter of arbitrary circumstance. When you grow up you like to imagine that your friendships have a more substantial basis - common interests, like-mindedness, some genuine affinity. It's always a sad revelation that when a good friend acquires a girlfriend or a husband and disappears. You realize that,for them, your friendships was always only a matter of convenience, a fallback, and they simply don't need you anymore. There's nothing especially cynical about this; people are drawn to each other because they're giving each other something they both need, and they drift apart when they aren't getting it or don't need it anymore. Friendship have natural life spans, like love affairs or favorite songs.
Himmilicious|My mother showed her gratitude for her life in exile by alluding to India’s modernity: the expansive railway network; the Bollywood movies she came to love for their tumultuous stories which ultimately conceded to the cardinal guidelines she held in her own life- love, family and duty. Still, it was Tibet’s antiquity that anchored her in exile. It was phayul she longed for when her skin was scorched by the summer heat of India’s plains. When she drank milk she compared it to the milk of her childhood for such sweetness and creaminess was not easily forgotten, and when she felt nauseous riding the buses that weaved their way around curvaceous mountain roads she spoke of the horses she had loved to ride.
Robyn Peterman, Fashionably Dead|I'm twenty-nine, happily single and getting it on a regular basis' I said, enjoying the way their thin lips hung open in an impressive O.'Well I've never,' Jane gasped.'Clearly. You should try it some time. I understand Mr Smith is so vision impaired you might have a shot there.'Their appalled shrieks were music to my ears and I quickly made my escape.
Bhumibol Adulyadej|It is the greatest scam in history. I am amazed, appalled and highly offended by it. Global Warming; It is a scam. Some dastardly scientists with environmental and political motives manipulated long term scientific data to create an illusion of rapid global warming.
Adolphe Quetelet, Treatise on Man & the Development of His Faculties|Communities are not built of friends, or of groups of people with similarstyles and tastes, or even of people who like and understand each other.They are built of people who feel they are part of something that isbigger than themselves: a shared goal or enterprise, like righting a wrong,or building a road, or raising children, or living honorably, or worshippinga god. To build community requires only the ability to see value in others:to look at them and see a potential partner in one's enterprise.
Max Gladstone, Three Parts Dead|We are not able to express ourselves in a hospital, even when seriously ill, we don�t have time.
Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel|You are that to me, an oasis. You drug me and at the same time you give me strength.
honeya|Nanak dukhiya sab sansaar!This whole world is ridden with Sorrow.Stop comparing as we all have a fucked up life, family and job! No matter what others show and potray! ;)"Jhaak ke dekhoge (I mean kareeb se) toh pata chalega ki saamne waale ke toh zyaada phate hai" hahahahahaha
Sean Bean|Metaphorical tone deafness is when people are unable to discern what is of value in something. I think I'm tone deaf to poetry, for instance. Despite having studied it into a second year of university, most of it just leaves me cold.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When you start your journey towards your target, walk and then rest for a while and then walk again and then rest for a while again and then walk again! Rule out the option of failure in your mind! Leave only one option available: To reach your target!
Deon Potgieter|The past is gone, and tomorrow is an illusion. There is only now.
Joe DeRouen, Threads|She stared at her face in the mirror, feeling everything around her slipping away. The face stared back, and she wondered who was looking at her.
Sun Tzu|Understand both yourself and your enemy, and you shall always emerge victorious
Kelley Armstrong|Dont talk to the crazy kids. I longed to shout back that we weren't crazy. I'd mistaken her kid for a ghost, that's all.
James White, Hospital Station|Language was just that thing that happened when you opened your mouth at the table, squeezed a few noises out of your vocal chords, and induced Socrates thereby to pass the salt.
