William Wilberforce|Is it not the great end of religion, and, in particular, the glory of Christianity, to extinguish the malignant passions; to curb the violence, to control the appetites, and to smooth the asperities of man; to make us compassionate and kind, and forgiving one to another; to make us good husbands, good fathers, good friends; and to render us active and useful in the discharge of the relative social and civil duties? 
Oscar Wilde, De Profundis and Other Writings|Religion does not help me. The faith that others give to what is unseen, I give to what one can touch, and look at. My gods dwell in temples made with hands; and within the circle of actual experience is my creed made perfect and complete: too complete, it may be, for like many or all of those who have placed their heaven in this earth, I have found in it not merely the beauty of heaven, but the horror of hell also.
Chris Crutcher, Staying Fat for Sarah Byrnes|From a distance,' he says, 'my car looks just like every other car on the freeway, and Sarah Byrnes looks just like the rest of us. And if she's going to get help, she'll get it from herself or she'll get it from us. Let me tell you why I brought this up. Because the other day when I saw how hard it was for Mobe to go to the hospital to see her, I was embarrassed that I didn't know her better, that I ever laughed at one joke about her. I was embarrassed that I let some kid go to school with me for twelve years and turned my back on pain that must be unbearable. I was embarrassed that I haven't found a way to include her somehow the way Mobe has.'Jesus. I feel tears welling up, and I see them running down Ellerby's cheeks. Lemry better get a handle on this class before it turns into some kind of therapy group.So,' Lemry says quietly, 'your subject will be the juxtaposition of man and God in the universe?'Ellerby shakes his head. 'My subject will be shame.
Belinda Murrell, The Lost Sapphire|Violet smiled up at Nikolai. "I'm so very glad you came to Riversleigh."Nikolai looked serious as he thought for a moment. "You know what, myshka? I'm very glad too. The old world and the old ways are dying. I think the new world and the new ways are filled with endless possibilities.
Chris Jordan|People kind of have a misconception, because when someone calls me Theo and I correct them, say, 'No, my name is Malcolm,' they think I have an attitude about it and I don't want to be associated with the show.
Kensi Brianne Smith|Getting there, that's what's important even if you can't get back.
Jane Austen|To sit in the shade on a fine day, and look upon verdure is the most perfect refreshment.
Gertrude Ederle|Whatever my individual desires were to be free, I was not alone. There were many others who felt the same way.
Tahir Shah, Sorcerer's Apprentice|There is nothing quite as unpleasant as wearing a pair of briefs which have been trailed through a Calcutta courtyard. Nothing, that is, except having one's elbows and knees lacerated by unseen slivers of glass and discarded razor blades.
George Orwell, 1984|Today there were fear, hatred, and pain, but no dignity of emotion, no deep or complex sorrows.
Lewis Carroll|When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
Deji Olukotun|But how did I murder her? Is that how men do murders? Do men go to commit a murder as I went then? I will tell you some day how I went! Did I murder the old woman? I murdered myself, not her! I crushed myself once for all, for ever.… But it was the devil that killed that old woman, not I. Enough, enough, Sonia, enough! Let me be!
Tim Challies, The Next Story: Life and Faith after the Digital Explosion|(Bonhoeffer's) change was not an ungainly, embarrassing leap from which he would have to retreat slightly when he gained more maturity and perspective. It was by all accounts a deepening consistent with what had gone before.
Will Schwalbe, The End of Your Life Book Club|Are you worried? Jesus says there is nothing to worry about. It isn’t our kingdom, it’s God’s. We take our cue from the King, and the King is not fretting over anything. He is in complete control.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Empire of Guanduania|Never declare Fate your enemy; she does not take lightly declarations of war. Declare your friendship to her instead, and smile in hope of better days.
Steve Kanaly|Besides black art, there is only automation and mechanization.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|The visions of a healthy brain,Give us pleasure over and again;For this home was done,From the daytime dreams of one.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|Whether you're explaining where pets go when they die or teaching your child to recycle, your philosophies have ramifications. For the rest of history, echos of your voice will be heard.
Nicole Bonomi|So do not throw your pearls before swine, Instead in the sand go and draw your line.For this love you have is rare dear girl, A guide and blessing in the name of Estelle. I sat and woke to see it all clear, A stage I was seeking, no longer to fear. For I've spent too long wasting precious time, Never again will I throw pearls before swine.
Albert Einstein, Why Socialism?|The owner of the means of production is in a position to purchase the labor power of the worker. By using the means of production, the worker produces new goods which become the property of the capitalist. The essential point about this process is the relation between what the worker produces and what he is paid, both measured in terms of real value. Insofar as the labor contract is "free," what the worker receives is determined not by the real value of the goods he produces, but by his minimum needs and by the capitalists' requirements for labor power in relation to the number of workers competing for jobs. It is important to understand that even in theory the payment of the worker is not determined by the value of his product.
George Orwell, 1984|You're not going to die," I told her, lifting my head to look at her. "I'm not done writing songs about you yet.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|It was as if the empty nights were made for thinking of him. And sometimes I found myself so vividly aware of him it was as if he had only just left the room and the ring of his voice were still there. And somehow, there was a disturbing comfort in that, and, despite myself, I’d envision his face.
Gyalwa Dokhampa, The Restful Mind|Our experi¬ences and our memories are within us, and the key is to be aware of the lens or the filter, to realise that we can also change the angle, especially when we are feeling agitated or stuck in life, that we can change the record.
Ron Barrow|Money flows to me freely, copiously, and endlessly. I AM tuned into the flow of prosperity and abundance!
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Risks may make you win, or they will make you learn. Either of the benefits is worth daring for.
Seth Berkley|When you blame others, you give up your power to change.
Jim Butcher, My Big Fat Supernatural Wedding|I let out a battle cry. Sure, a lot of people might have mistaken it for a sudden yelp of unmanly fear, but trust me. It was a battle cry.
Gay Talese, Thy Neighbor's Wife|Departing from Freud’s exclusively verbal analysis, Reich studied the body as well as the mind, and he concluded after years of clinical observation and social work that signs of disturbed behavior could be detected in a patient’s musculature, the slope of his posture, the shape of his jaw and mouth, his tight muscles, rigid bones, and other physical traits of a defensive or inhibiting nature. Reich identified this body rigidity as “armor.
Shane Levene|The darling mispronunciations of childhood! - dear me, there's no music that can touch it; and how one grieves when it wastes away and dissolves into correctness, knowing it will never visit his bereaved ear again.
Algernon Charles Swinburne, Dolores: Notre-Dame Des Sept Douleurs|For the crown of our life as it closesIs darkness, the fruit there of dust;No thorns go as deep as the rose's,And love is more cruel than lust.Time turns the old days to derision,Our loves into corpses or wives;And marriage and death and divisionMake barren our lives.
Nikhil Shrivastava, Because You Need This!|You're Superman, thinking Kryptonite makes you invincible." 
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Seduction|I have never battled a gargoyle before.” Zacharel shook his head, a dark lock of hair tumbling into one emerald eye. Damp from the melting snow, the hair stuck to his skin. He didn’t seem to notice. “But I am certain these will murder Paris before willingly carrying him inside.”As if he were the only intelligent life form left in existence, William splayed his arms. “And the problem with that? He’ll still be inside, exactly where he wants to be. And by the way,” he added, blinking at Paris with lashes so long they should have belonged to a girl. “Your new permanent eyeliner is very pretty. You’ll make a good-looking corpse.”Do not react. He did, and the teasing about his ash/ambrosia tattoos would never end. “Thanks.”“I prefer the lip liner, though. A nice little feminine touch that really makes your eyes pop.”“Again, thanks,” he gritted.He wants us!Stupid demon.William grinned. “Maybe we can make out later. I know you want me.”Tell him yes!Not another word out of you, or—“Paris? Warrior?” Zacharel said. “Are youlistening to me?”“No.”Zach nodded, apparently not the least offended. “I enjoy your honesty, though I believe you suffer from what the humans call ADD.”“Oh, yeah. I definitely have attention deficient demon.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|You are God’s masterpiece; and as long as you answer to His purpose for you, with faith and in prayer, He can never fail you.
Stefan Molyneux|The world, viewed philosophically, remains a series of slave camps, where citizens – tax livestock – labor under the chains of illusion in the service of their masters.
Jessica Cale, Tyburn|You poor dear! Imagine having to wear Mark’s trousers! He’s a lovely lad, but I wouldn’t wish that fate on anyone. God only knows who’s been in them!
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|December, being the last month of the year, cannot help but make us think of what is to come.
Kate Douglas Wiggin, Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm|The soul grows into lovely habits as easily as into ugly ones, and the moment a life begins to blossom into beautiful words and deeds, that moment a new standard of conduct is established, and your eager neighbors look to you for a continuous manifestation of the good cheer, the sympathy, the ready wit, the comradeship, or the inspiration, you once showed yourself capable of. Bear figs for a season or two, and the world outside the orchard is very unwilling you should bear thistles.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If Satan can’t keep you away from Christ, he will at least try to make you doubt your salvation.
Ambrose Bierce, The Unabridged Devil's Dictionary|No man means all he says, and yet very few say all they mean, for words are slippery and thought is viscous.
Jack Gantos|There is something about gin, the tang in it of the deep wildwood, perhaps, that always makes me think of twilight and mists and dead maidens. Tonight it tinkled in my mouth like secret laughter.
G.A. Henty|Look at their arts, their power of turning stone into lifelike figures, and above all, the way in which they can transfer their thoughts to white leaves, so that others, many many years hence, can read them and know all that was passing, and what men thought and did in the long bygone. Truly it is marvelous.
Abhijit Naskar|Pathology can indeed cause experiences of the Kingdom of God, but not all God experiences are caused by pathology.
Charles Darwin, Voyage of the Beagle|Those mortals who operate in the grey area between conviction and incredulity are in a position to choose most meaningfully, and with most meaningful consequences […] Perhaps only a doubter can appreciate the miracle of life without end.
Ludwig Wittgenstein|The mystical is not how the world is, but that it is.
Carlos Castañeda, Power of Silence|It isn't that as time goes by you're learning sorcery; rather, what you're learning is to save energy. And this energy will enable you to handle some of the energy fields that are not employed in perceiving the ordinary world we know. Sorcery is a state of awareness.
Ernest Cline, Ready Player One|Go all the way with it. Do not back off. For once, go all the goddamn way with what matters.
Himanshu Chhabra|It was at a concert of lovely old music. After two or three notes of the piano the door was opened of a sudden to the other world. I sped through heaven and saw God at work. I suffered holy pains. I dropped all my defences and was afraid of nothing in the world. I accepted all things and to all things I gave up my heart. It did not last very long, a quarter of an hour perhaps; but it returned to me in a dream at night, and since, through all the barren days, I caught a glimpse of it now and then. Sometimes for a minute or two I saw it clearly, threading my life like a divine and golden track. But nearly always it was blurred in dirt and dust. Then again it gleamed out in golden sparks as though never to be lost again and yet was soon quite lost once more.
Courtney Milan, Unclaimed|I hated you,” she continued, “because you have done nothing more than abide by rules that every gentlewoman follows every day of her life. Yet for this prosaic feat, you are feted and cosseted as if you were a hero.” She felt nothing as she spoke, but still her voice shook. Her hands were trembling, too. “I hate that if a woman missteps once, she is condemned forever, and yet the men who follow you can tie a simple ribbon to their hats after years of debauchery, and pass themselves off as upright pillars of society.
Stephen King, Misery|There are lots of guys out there who write a better prose line than I do and who have a better understanding of what people are really like and what humanity is supposed to mean – hell, I know that.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|I love the Lord, for he heard my voice; he heard my cry for mercy. Because he turned his ear to me, I will call on him as long as I live. (Psalms 116:1-2 NIV)
Esther Dalseno, Drown|Music, it seemed, could appear in many voices, and had all of the emotions and array of vocabulary as a human..
Karen A. Baquiran|Allow yourself to grow. When you think you've seen it all, this is far beyond the truth... There is so much more out there seeking you.
P.C. Cast|I said that sometimes it's too much.""Well, I want someone who doesn't thinks so. I want someone who's heart is big enough to hold me.""You want someone whose love will fit around your finger.
Jon Favreau|Lying at the root of the social agreements of 1980 are the courage, sense of responsibility, and the solidarity of the working people. Both sides have then recognized that an accord must be reached if bloodshed is to be prevented.
Pazaria Smith|Philippians 2:3-8 tells us to humble ourselves by imitating Christ. Even though He is God, He was willing to add humanity to His deity. Becoming a human being was degrading to the second Person of the Godhead beyond words to describe it. In His humanity the omnipotent God became tired. The omniscient God grew in wisdom. The omnipresent God was circumscribed in a localized body. The sovereign God willingly submitted Himself to do the Father's will. The eternal God died in the cruelest manner imaginable. The holy Go was made sin for us.
Arthur Rimbaud|Words are powerful. Words make a difference. They can create and destroy. They can open doors and close doors. Words can create illusion or magic, love or destruction. … All those things.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Cosette, do you hear? he has come to that! he asks my forgiveness! And do you know what he has done for me, Cosette? He has saved my life. He has done more--he has given you to me. And after having saved me, and after having given you to me, Cosette, what has he done with himself? He has sacrificed himself. Behold the man. And he says to me the ingrate, to me the forgetful, to me the pitiless, to me the guilty one: Thanks! Cosette, my whole life passed at the feet of this man would be too little. That barricade, that sewer, that furnace, that cesspool,--all that he traversed for me, for thee, Cosette! He carried me away through all the deaths which he put aside before me, and accepted for himself. Every courage, every virtue, every heroism, every sanctity he possesses! Cosette, that man is an angel!
Rasheed Ogunlaru|I've found that trying to be like everyone else, do what others do and follow others 'guaranteed path' to 'so-called success' never really works for me. I have found my best strategy is to authentically be me, listen within and follow it....and then to treat and connect with others - wherever I can - personally, personably and individually.
William Samuel Johnson|I think at this stage in my life I have learned that there are any number of things that men will never know, and can never hope to know, about women.
Lao Tzu|Go to the people. Live with them. Learn from them. Love them. Startwith what they know. Build with what they have. But with the bestleaders, when the work is done, the task accomplished, the people willsay 'We have done this ourselves.
RVM|Play More, Pray More; Get More, Give More…Live More!
Julie   Johnson, Like Gravity|It's not the loving that hurts this girl; it's the understanding of it for what it is, that it will never be returned in the same way, that threatens to destroy her. But to unload the words - "I love you" - on an innocent party who didn't ask for it, to reach across the dark space and touch him - it's like the world she knows could end if she dared speak these words, dared make such a move.
Ziggy Marley|Cats have a scam going - you buy the food, they eat the food, they go away; that's the deal.
Atom Tate|We have given to thee, Adam, no fixed seat, no form of thy own, no gift peculiarly thine, that thou mayest feel as thine own, have as thine own, possess as thine own, the seat, the form, the gifts which thou thyself shalt desire. A limited nature in other creatures is confined within the laws written down by Us. In conformity with thy free judgment, in whose hands I have placed thee, thou art confined by no bounds; and thou will fix the limits of nature for thyself. I have placed thee at the centre of the world, that from there thou mayest more conveniently look around and see whatsoever is in the world. Neither heavenly nor earthly, neither mortal nor immortal have We made thee. Thou, like a judge appointed for being honourable, art the molder and maker of thyself.
Andy Leeks|In late 1949, at two and a half years old, I arrived in Jamaica for the first time. I had crossed the Atlantic by air from England. My Jamaican father was studying in London, my European mother was sick, and so in true Jamaican style I was sent home to my grandparents.
Elle James, Justice Burning|Phoebe stared into his blue eyes. "What would you do if you ran away from a wedding in a car that didn't belong to you and discovered a body in the trunk about the time a sheriff's deputy rolled up behind you?" She flung her hand in the air, and assumed a high-pitched, sarcastic tone. "Hi, I'm a rich man's daughter with a dead man in my trunk. Could you help me get him out so I can be on my merry way?
Lily Graham, The Cornish Escape|I have always loved fairy tales, even now at the age when I am supposed to be too grown up and cynical for them.
Raheel Farooq|The most ridiculous activity of human mind is questioning. Cognition of reality surpasses both question and answer, however ingenious.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|I’ve been drunk for about a week now, and I thought it might sober me up to sit in a library.
Whitney Johnson, Disrupt Yourself: Putting the Power of Disruptive Innovation to Work|When you disrupt yourself, you are looking for growth, so if you want to muscle up a curve, you have to push and pull against objects and barriers that would constrain and constrict you. That is how you get stronger.
Hank Moody, God Hates Us All|When it comes to emotions, women know how to paint with the full set of oils, while men are busy doodling with crayons.
Carlos P. Romulo, I Walked with Heroes|It's far too easy to forget, miss or not appreciate the tiny things a partner does every single day, but should you wait until it's over or they've gone to miss who they were?
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|Fear prophets, Adso, and those prepared to die for the truth, for as a rule they make many others die with them, often before them, at times instead of them.
Lauren Kate, Teardrop|The last thing we expect others to do, its the last thing they do before we learn we cannot trust them.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|If I assume the ‘truth’ to be negotiable based on whether or not it serves my agenda, then my agenda has become my ‘truth.’ And the ‘truth’ of the matter is, when I do this I’ve chosen to take a treacherous path through some very deep woods where neither path nor woods exist.
Ahmad Fuadi, Negeri 5 Menara|So choose your mood, in even the most messed-up situation. Because you are the masters and rulers of your own hearts. And the heart that always can be controlled by its owner is the heart of successful person,” -101
Nalini Singh, Angels' Flight|After this is over, I want a shower in a really big bathroom.""I'll get us the penthouse.""What makes you think you'll be sharing it with me?""I live in hope.
Christina Ricci|If there was a mobility service that's cheaper than owning a car, more reliable, and you get to sit in the back seat instead of being stressed out in the front seat, why would you own a car?
Nitesh Kammar|Everything is Not Lost, We always judge the present situation the way it is and we become judgemental rather than trying to analyse. We need to keep hopes,circumstances may change. Its true that life throws us in some tough situations and that is not the end, in short Everything is still not lost.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|Ah, Death, the spectre which sate at all feasts! How often, Monos, did we lose ourselves in speculations upon its nature! How mysteriously did it act as a check to human bliss - saying unto it "thus far, and no farther!
Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt|This is rather as if you imagine a puddle waking up one morning and thinking, 'This is an interesting world I find myself in--an interesting hole I find myself in--fits me rather neatly, doesn't it? In fact it fits me staggeringly well, must have been made to have me in it!' This is such a powerful idea that as the sun rises in the sky and the air heats up and as, gradually, the puddle gets smaller and smaller, it's still frantically hanging on to the notion that everything's going to be all right, because this world was meant to have him in it, was built to have him in it; so the moment he disappears catches him rather by surprise. I think this may be something we need to be on the watch-out for. We all know that at some point in the future the universe will come to an end, and at some other point, considerably in advance from that but still not immediately pressing, the sun will explode. We feel there's plenty of time to worry about that, but on the other hand that's a very dangerous thing to say... I think that we need to take a larger perspective on who we are and what we are doing here if we are going to survive in the long term.
Jamie Lee Curtis|I grew up in Detroit. I was a teen father. I lived on welfare for three years. I have a brother serving life in prison, though I believe he's innocent.
Augustine of Hippo|For it is one thing to see the Land of Peace from a wooded ridge, and yet another to walk the road that leads to it.
Brian Zahnd, A Farewell to Mars: An Evangelical Pastor's Journey Toward the Biblical Gospel of Peace|The fall of communism had more to do with prayer meetings in Poland than bombs dropped on Cambodia. War is, among other things, impatience.
Christine Ann Lawson, Understanding the Borderline Mother: Helping Her Children Transcend the Intense, Unpredictable, and Volatile Relationship|The borderline Queen experiences what therapists call "oral greediness". The desperate hunger of the borderline Queen is akin to the behavior of an infant who had gone too long between feelings. Starved, frustrated, and beyond the ability to calm of soothe herself, she grabs, flails, and wails until at last the nipple is planted securely and perhaps too deeply in her mouth. She coughs, gags, chokes, and spits, eyeing the elusive breast like a wolf guarding her food. Similarity, the Queen holds on to what is hers, taking more than she could use, in case it might be taken away prematurely.
Carolyn Ives Gilman, Dark Orbit|To die this way seems so random, so trivial. I have been robbed of meaning before being robbed of life. To die in darkness, alone -- for what purpose was I ever alive. It is as if I emerged from darkness into delusion, then sank back into darkness forever.
Ilana Mercer, The Trump Revolution: The Donald's Creative Destruction Deconstructed|To Donal Trump, making America great means making the people great. To the political cast, conversely, making America great means making government great.
A.R. Ivanovich|You don’t have to be faster than a bullet, you just need to be smarter than the man holding the gun.
Wendy Owens, The Guardians Crown Parts One and Two|You can’t conquer everything in a day. Or even a week. Maybe not even a year. There’s no way to work hard at grieving. You just have to let it happen. And you are, so don’t fight it.
Michael R. French, Why Men Fall Out of Love: What Every Woman Needs to Understand|Falling in love is more than infatuation. It is the need to feel whole, to feel safe, to be healed, to join together with someone, heart and soul.
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|When I go to the bathrooms, I cannot take off my pants as before; because there is a light continuously blinking like a camera, everyone says it is just an environmental friendly lighting. Well, I cannot really trust it and I am not taking the risk of circulating my naked photos around.
Cesare Pavese, Disaffections: Complete Poems|Rise not alone, rise with others! If you rise alone to the top, you shall be alone at the top!
Darynda Jones, Brighter Than the Sun|There's another part, an obstinate part, that wants more. That wants Dutch live and in the flesh. That wants her hand. Her mouth. Her hips under mine. It wants all of her. Every last ounce. Body and soul.
Fran Lebowitz|Reading is better than life. Without reading, you’re stuck with life.
Debasish Mridha|Until your last breath, you may not be able to see the true beauty of life.
Jean-Marie G. Le Clézio, The Book of Flights|...that which we manifest is before us; we are the creators of our own destiny. Be it through intention or ignoranve, our successes and our failures have been brought on by none other than ourselves
Suzanne Brockmann|There is something in the unselfish and self-sacrificing love of a brute, which goes directly to the heart of him who has had frequent occasion to test the paltry friendship and gossamer fidelity of mere Man.
Lisa Snowdon|Milk is a really important part of my diet. For London, I had to be in the best shape of my life, and having milk every day played a part in that.
Lauren Oliver, Vanishing Girls|Her eyes are sad.My thoughts are sadder.And you can't fall in love with me.She slowly walks inside, avoiding my gaze as she watches her feet with each step.They're the saddest steps I've ever seentaken.I close the door.It's the saddest door I've ever had to close.
Ravindra Shukla, A Maverick Heart: Between Love and Life|She could afford anything, she could give anything, but she could not share a moment of her life with anybody. Shewas a beautiful and a glamorous diamond with an astronomical price tag, but to a crude reality — she was still a stone, a living stone. Nothing else but a stone in an aesthetic sense.
Stephen Lee|If there is anything certain in life, it is this. Time doesn't always heal. Not really. I know they say it does, but that is not true. What time does is to trick you into believing that you have healed, that the hurt of a great loss has lessened. But a single word, a note of a song, a fragrance, a knife point of dawn light across an empty room, any one of these things will take you back to that one moment you have never truly forgotten. These small things are the agents of memory. They are the sharp needle points piercing the living fabric of your life.Life, my children, isn't linear where the heart is concerned. It is filled with invisible threads that reach out from your past and into your future. These threads connect every second we have lived and breathed. As your own lives move forward and as the decades pass, the more of these threads are cast. Your task is to weave them into a tapestry, one that tells the story of the time we shared.
Philip, Duke of Edinburgh|[If you hear a] story about how eating sausage leads to anal cancer, you will be skeptical, because it has never happened to anyone you know, and sausage, after all, is delicious.
Abhijit Naskar|I am not a teacher of humanity, I am merely servant of humanity.
Kenneth Grahame, The Wind in the Willows|You're thinking that if the North Pole has little elves and shape-shifting reindeer that maybe werewolves aren't quite so farfetched. Am I right? Well, you're wrong. There's no such thing as werewolves. That would just be crazy.
Stephen Lovegrove, How to Find Yourself, Love Yourself, & Be Yourself: The Secret Instruction Manual for Being Human|I felt like a disappointment. I believed I had let my family down. Clearly, I was a screw-up. I couldn’t do anything right. It seemed I hurt people without even trying. I didn’t know better, but obviously, that proved I was stupid. I was so blind to what I was saying …. These were the kinds of thoughts going through my mind. And that was my first experience with shame. Huge difference.
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|Fueled by my inspiration, I ran across the room to steal the cup of coffee the bookshelf had taken prisoner. Lapping the black watery brew like a hyena, I tossed the empty cup aside. I then returned to the chair to continue my divine act of creation. Hot blood swished in my head as my mighty pen stole across the page.
Roshan Sharma|The feeling or emotion of happiness or joy is always momentary, but it’s only your imaginations, that extend your momentary happiness, for some more time.
Rob Inclan, The Love Between Us|That was my first instinct -- to protect him. It never occurred to me that there was a greater need to protect myself. Innocence always calls mutely for protection when we would be so much wiser to guard ourselves against it: innocence is like a dumb leper who has lost his bell, wandering the world, meaning no harm.
Philip Reeve, Railhead|...If we can achieve this, then one day whole rooms, buildings, perhaps even bridges may generate their own energy, funnel it to where it is needed, detect damage, and self-heal. If this seems like science fiction, bear in mind that it is only what living materials do already.
Francis de Sales|Be patient, you are in good company. Our Lord Himself, our Lady, the apostles, and countless saints, both men and women, have been poor.
Jeffrey McDaniel|Once I dated a woman I only liked 43%.So I only listened to 43% of what she said.Only told the truth 43% of the time.And only kissed with 43% of my lips.Some say you can't quantify desire, attaching a number to passion isn't right, that the human heart doesn't work like that.But for me it does-I walk down the streetand numbers appear on the foreheadsof the people I look at. In bars, it's worse.With each drink, the numbers go upuntil every woman in the joint has a blurryeighty something above her eyebrows, and the next day I can only remember 17%of what actually happened. That's the problemwith booze-it screws with your math.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Every gentle word, every generous thought, every unselfish deed, will become a pillar of eternal beauty in the life to come.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I live by grace, in the light of God.
L.E. Modesitt Jr., The Parafaith War|Edward had a personal horror of violence and never endorsed or excused it, though in a documentary he made about the conflict he said that actions like the bombing of pilgrims at Tel Aviv airport 'did more harm than good,' which I remember thinking was (a) euphemistic and (b) a slipshod expression unworthy of a professor of English.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|I do love her, and that’s odd because she is everything I detest in anyone else.
Wilhelm Conrad Röntgen|If the hand be held between the discharge-tube and the screen, the darker shadow of the bones is seen within the slightly dark shadow-image of the hand itself... For brevity's sake I shall use the expression 'rays'; and to distinguish them from others of this name I shall call them 'X-rays'.
Madison Sevier, Anything You Want|Listen to me, Elizabeth Darcy," he growled huskily, "You are mine! I forbid you to dream of any other but me." He punctuated his intense words with firm presses of his arousal into her pelvis. She moaned and writhed with the pleasurable sensations arising and struggled to free her captive arms,but he held her fast. He moved his lips along her neck and shoulders, tenderly nibbling and sucking
Wilfred Peterson|Walk with the dreamers, the believers, the courageous, the cheerful, the planners, the doers, the successful,people with their heads in the clouds and their feet on the ground.
Israelmore Ayivor|Perhaps you have been wondering about how you will win the tournaments of life. This is an important moment of your life. Just know where your goals are. Dress in the jersey of action and enter the game of vision! Work with your talents, skills, and tactics and with determination! Don’t commit any foul; don’t put yourself on an offside position. Be at the right place at the right time. Attack your failures and defend your goals; look up and watch the time because the whistle may blow at any time. Don’t waste the chances you get! Target the goals and with winning in focus, you will be there!
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Talking to strangers is very panic fear, to be fearless and good communicator in long term try talking to strangers with courage like you already know them.
Peter Gethers, The Cat Who Went to Paris|Nothing's scarier than having a sick child, and one so newly born, and so vulnerable. It's the worst thing for a parent.
Temple West|Very few beings really seek knowledge in this world. Mortal or immortal, few really ask. On the contrary, they try to wring from the unknown the answers they have already shaped in their own minds -justifications, confirmations, forms of consolation without which they can't go on. To really ask is to open the door to the whirlwind. The answer may annihilate the question and the questioner.
Thomas Aquinas|Grant me, O Lord my God, a mind to know you, a heart to seek you, wisdom to find you, conduct pleasing to you, faithful perseverance in waiting for you, and a hope of finally embracing you. Amen.
Debasish Mridha|Peace does not mean an absence of violence or conflict, but it means how we respond to it, with violence or with love and understanding. Hate never can eradicate hate but love can.
Northrop Frye|Illusion is whatever is fixed or definable, and reality is best understood as its negation…
Ben Marcus, Leaving the Sea|My intention had not been to find her, for I had been busy being lonely with someone else.
Francis Spufford, Unapologetic: Why, despite everything, Christianity can still make surprising emotional sense|He cannot do anything deliberate now. The strain of his whole weight on his outstretched arms hurts too much. The pain fills him up, displaces thought, as much for him as it has for everyone else who has ever been stuck to one of these horrible contrivances, or for anyone else who dies in pain from any of the world’s grim arsenal of possibilities. And yet he goes on taking in. It is not what he does, it is what he is. He is all open door: to sorrow, suffering, guilt, despair, horror, everything that cannot be escaped, and he does not even try to escape it, he turns to meet it, and claims it all as his own. This is mine now, he is saying; and he embraces it with all that is left in him, each dark act, each dripping memory, as if it were something precious, as if it were itself the loved child tottering homeward on the road. But there is so much of it. So many injured children; so many locked rooms; so much lonely anger; so many bombs in public places; so much vicious zeal; so many bored teenagers at roadblocks; so many drunk girls at parties someone thought they could have a little fun with; so many jokes that go too far; so much ruining greed; so much sick ingenuity; so much burned skin. The world he claims, claims him. It burns and stings, it splinters and gouges, it locks him round and drags him down…All day long, the next day, the city is quiet. The air above the city lacks the usual thousand little trails of smoke from cookfires. Hymns rise from the temple. Families are indoors. The soldiers are back in barracks. The Chief Priest grows hoarse with singing. The governor plays chess with his secretary and dictates letters. The free bread the temple distributed to the poor has gone stale by midday, but tastes all right dipped in water or broth. Death has interrupted life only as much as it ever does. We die one at a time and disappear, but the life of the living continues. The earth turns. The sun makes its way towards the western horizon no slower or faster than it usually does.Early Sunday morning, one of the friends comes back with rags and a jug of water and a box of the grave spices that are supposed to cut down on the smell. She’s braced for the task. But when she comes to the grave she finds that the linen’s been thrown into the corner and the body is gone. Evidently anonymous burial isn’t quite anonymous enough, after all. She sits outside in the sun. The insects have woken up, here at the edge of the desert, and a bee is nosing about in a lily like silk thinly tucked over itself, but much more perishable. It won’t last long. She takes no notice of the feet that appear at the edge of her vision. That’s enough now, she thinks. That’s more than enough.Don’t be afraid, says Yeshua. Far more can be mended than you know.She is weeping. The executee helps her to stand up.
Caroline Knapp|No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens.
Ellen Hopkins|...Every word an author writes causes ripples, like tossing a stone into a pond. And you don't know where they'll go, or who they'll touch, or when they might come back to you. I think everything you do is kind of like that, too.
Gloria Whelan|But will you not have a house to care for? Meals to cook? Children whining for this or that? Will you have time for the work?" "I'll make time," I promised. "The house will not always be so clean, the cooking may be a little hasty, and the whining children will sit on my lap and I'll sing to them while I work.
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|Sadness pulses out of us as we walk. I almost expect the trees to lower their branches when we pass, the stars to hand down some light. I breathe in the horsy scent of eucalyptus, the thick sugary pine, aware of each breath I take, how each one keeps me in the world a few seconds longer. I taste the sweetness of the summer air on my tongue and want to just gulp and gulp and gulp it into my body--this living, breathing, heart-beating body of mine.
Gary "Gunz" Govich|Fear is the primary tool of the mafiya. It's how they contain their vast criminal enterprise. For the mafiya, fear is the grease in the wheel. Fear is much stronger than love | Fear lasts much longer. Love fades and is replaced by hatred and contempt. Fear lingers and brings forth other emotions such as doubt. Fear encourages procrastination and cowardice. Besides, you always hurt the ones you love. Most are too afraid to hurt the ones they fear.
Khadija Rupa, Unexpressed Feelings|She was a wonderful teenage girl who had the miraculous power to cure herself from any wound, either physical or mental. With her own salty tears, she would cleanse her raw wounds. And her breaths were given, as though not to breathe but, rather, to fan her sores.
Robin Sacredfire|I start every morning with a Rosicrucian ritual, meditation and exercise. I can't separate myself from this habit of connecting myself to the other realm every day, not anymore, because I'm actually more there than here. I always was, but now I know how to maintain this balance, even in solitude.
C. JoyBell C.|Life is too short to hold grudges, plan vengeance, and be angry for too long. And people say things like that all the time, but words like that only take on their meaning when you experience someone close to you passing away. There are truly not enough minutes, hours, days, months, years, to spend any amount of time on being and doing anything other than going into the direction of your happiness. Acceptance is better than correction and joy is better than revenge. Innocent laughter is better than anger.
Brian K. Vaughan|You know that old cliché about how millions of deaths being a statistic, while the loss of just one life is a tragedy? If that's true, what is it when you lose something that never even had a chance to be born? I've had a lot of relationships in my time, platonic or otherwise, but the ones I think about most are those that never quite made it to term. The dashing first date who didn't call you back. The lady on the train you had that amazing conversation with but never saw again. The cool neighbor kid you met the first time a week before he moved away. I guess I'm just haunted by all that potential energy. One moment, the universe presents you with this amazing opportunity for new possibilities and then...
Theodore Parker|To me a real patriot is like a real friend. Who's your real friend? It's the person who tells you the truth. That's who my real friends are. So, you know, I think as far as our country goes, we need more people who will do that.
Michelle  Hartman|A short poem from my new book, The Lost Journal of my Second Trip to Pergatory, Thorny CrownsOf course the gold one was for special occasions, weddings, etc,silver for family reunions, office-casual type affairs.Bronze was a everyday choice; during yard work its burnished surface shone in sunlight.There were various colors and holiday appropriate ones.I could never find the hatboxes they were stored in.But the wooden one was reserved for the long suffering caused by family.Stevie’s funeral, my hospital trips and sister’s rebellion rated real wood. One tip filed extra sharp produced a fine and dramatic line of blood droplets on her brow.
Luc Sante, Kill All Your Darlings: Pieces 1990-2005|In Washington Square, one could still feel the characters of Henry James and the presence of the author himself. Entering the perimeters of the white arch, one was greeted by the sounds of bongos and acoustic guitars, protest singers, political arguments, activists leafleting, older chess players challenged by the young. This open atmosphere was something I had not experienced, simple freedom that did not seem to be oppressive to anyone.
Blaise Pascal|I know to win a championship, you're not going to do it alone. You're going to have to have a great supporting cast.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|So we navigate mostly by dead reckoning, and deduction from what clues we find. I keep a compass in one pocket for overcast days when the sun doesn't show directions and have the map mounted in a special carrier on top of the gas tank where I can keep track of miles from the last junction and know what to look for. With those tools and a lack of pressure to 'get somewhere' it works out fine and we just about have America all to ourselves.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|I know what it's like to sleep in fear, to starve myself to be worthy, to be ashamed of my voice, to want to sleep forever. To question why I deserve to live.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|The effects of lack of democracy and the rule of law is a problem that does not discriminate, whether you are a corporation or a start-up, rich or poor, educated or illiterate, employed or unemployed.
Louise Erdrich, The Round House|If some people go to heaven and some hell, what makes it different than this world?
Bono|Even the weakest disputant is made so conceited by what he calls religion, as to think himself wiser than the wisest who think differently from him.
|If you love yourself unconditionally, you would never need anyone to co-sign your true self-worth.
Marilyn Manson|The life of a plural wife, she'd found, was a life lived under constant comparison, a life spent wondering. Sitting across from her sister-wives at Sunday dinner, the platters and serving dishes floating past like hovercraft, the questions were almost inescapable; Who of us is the most happy? Which of us is his one true love? Who does he desire the most?
Deyth Banger|If somebody is going to kill me or hurt me..., let's be the enemy not my friends!
George Michael|Federal regulations forbid delaying inspections for fracture-critical bridges like the fallen Minneapolis bridge - the kind with a lack of redundancy in design, so that a single failure in a load-bearing part can cause the entire bridge to collapse.
Jane Jacobs, The Death and Life of Great American Cities|Much of what is euphemistically known as the middle class, merely because it dresses up to go to work, is now reduced to proletarian conditions of existence. Many white-collar jobs require no more skill and pay even less than blue-collar jobs, conferring little status or security.
Matthew Prior|Imagine a thousand more such daily intrusions in your life, every hour and minute of every day, and you can grasp the source of this paranoia, this anger that could consume me at any moment if I lost control.
Martin Scorsese|But the whole point of the Sixties was that you had to take people as they were. If you came in with us you left your class, and colour, and religion behind, that was what the Sixties was all about.
Karen Marie Moning, Dreamfever|If I entered a tropical beach, would I end up in Nazi Germany with my highly inconvenient black hair?
Travis Kalanick|American stuntmen are smart - they think about safety. When they do a jump in a car, they calculate everything: the speed, the distance... But in Hong Kong, we don't know how to count. Everything we do is a guess. If you've got the guts, you do it. All of my stuntmen have gotten hurt.
Cornelia Funke, Inkdeath|How ridiculous that water ran out of your eyes when your heart hurt. Tragic heroines in books tended to be amazingly beautiful. Not a word about swollen eyes or a red nose. "Crying always gives me a red nose," thought Elinor. "I expect that's why I'll never be in any book.
Marcus Aurelius|The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well, and doing well whatever you do without thought of fame. If it comes at all it will come because it is deserved, not because it is sought after.
Rahul R Singh|Whenever, I think It's Over But I find Its begin.....
Debasish Mridha|With every sunrise our hearts sing with joy, our minds dance with love, and our lives get new meaning
Bhaskaryya Deka, The Unwanted Shadow|A strong and brave heart isn’t enough. A true heart, no matter how much the truth hurts, is the strongest of all.
Deepak Burfiwala, Self-Ignorance Is Your Problem. Self-Awareness Is Your Solution.: Success Is Your Birthright! Life Is Yours and You Are the Pilot of It, Do Something about It.|Real vision dies only when life dies. Once we live, we hope, we yearn for and we aspire to have something!
Robert Atkins|There are certain comforts of living here in Dubai, the comforts of so many mosques and so much good food... It's just that much more secure. And may God keep it safe.
Lynn Johnston|There may be Peace without Joy, and Joy without Peace, but the two combined make Happiness.
Stanislav Grof|Thus the sum of things is ever being reviewed, and mortals dependent one upon another. Some nations increase, others diminish, and in a short space the generations of living creatures are changed and like runners pass on the torch of life.
James Alexander Thom, The Art and Craft of Writing Historical Fiction: Researching and Writing Historical Fiction|Before you're ready to tell that story well, you might have to study and learn the equivalent of an entire specialized college education on the society in which your story takes place, because all sorts of things were happening that you need to understand before you can even begin to tell a story in that milieu.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|Nothing will hold you back because you expect the unexpected. With a clear vision for your life, you are better prepared to combat any opposition.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|What?” he asked in a low voice.“You looked like you spent your last joy bill.”He hissed, “What does that even mean?”“I don’t know. I was just trying it out.”“Well, it doesn’t work. It doesn’t make sense. And anyway, I’ve got plenty of joy bills. Loads.”Helen said, “What’s happening there on your phone?”“A very small joy debit.”His older sister’s smile shone brightly. “You see, it does work. Now, did you or did you not need to get out of that room?”Gansey inclined his head in slight acknowledgment. Gansey siblings knew each other well.“You’re so welcome,” Helen said. “Let me know if you need me to write a joy check.”“I really don’t think it works.
Ernest Vincent Wright, Gadsby|Man is not better treated by nature in his first start than her other works are; so long as he is unable to act for himself as an independent intelligence she acts for him. But the very fact that constitutes him a man is that he does not remain stationary, where nature has placed him, that he can pass with his reason, retracing the steps nature had made him anticipate, that he can convert the work of necessity into one of free solution, and elevate physical necessity into a moral law.
Karen Armstrong, A History of God: The 4,000-Year Quest of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam|Yet a personal God can become a grave liability. He can be a mere idol carved in our own image, a projection of our limited needs. fears and desires. We can assume that he loves what we love and hates what we hate, endorsing our prejudices instead of compelling us to transcend them.
Pero Gaglo Dagbovie, What Is African American History?|Historiography -- commonly and often simultaneously defined as the study of historians' scholarship, how history has been and is contrived, the history of historical writing, and the body of historical scholarship on historical subject matter -- is, therefore, essential to understand when studying history.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Narrow minds devoid of imagination. Intolerance, theories cut off from reality, empty terminology, usurped ideals, inflexible systems. Those are the things that really frighten me. What I absolutely fear and loathe. Of course it's important to know what's right and what's wrong. Individual errors in judgment can usually be corrected. As long as you have the courage to admit mistakes, things can be turned around. But intolerant, narrow minds with no imagination are like parasites that transform the host, change form and continue to thrive. They're a lost cause.
Martin Luther King Jr.|But today our very survival depends on our ability to stay awake, to adjust to new ideas, to remain vigilant and to face the challenge of change. The large house in which we live demands that we transform this world-wide neighborhood into a world – wide brotherhood. Together we must learn to live as brothers or together we will be forced to perish as fools.We must work passionately and indefatigably to bridge the gulf between our scientific progress and our moral progress. One of the great problems of mankind is that we suffer from a poverty of the spirit which stands in glaring contrast to our scientific and technological abundance. The richer we have become materially, the poorer we have become morally and spiritually.
Naomi Wolf|Despite the situation in Cuba, I had a chance to play on the national team; and compared to other baseball players and other people in Cuba, I had the opportunity to live at a level that was not very high class but in the middle.
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger and Other Stories|Gross Domestic Product—the substitution, in effect, of ideas for physical value.
Marianne Vos|Every traveler knows too well the endless quest for the perfect travel bag: the one that's stylish enough to carry through Paris, sturdy enough to tote around Peru, and - most important - doesn't make your shoulder sag even before you've loaded it up with everything you need for a day of sightseeing.
Brian Selznick|As I look out at you all gathered here I want to say that I don't see a room full of Parisians in top hats and diamonds and silk dresses. I don't see bankers and housewives and store clerks. No. I address you all tonight as you truly are: wizards, mermaids, travelers, adventures, and magicians. You are the true dreamers.
Tarun Sharma|Manage your relationships. Great relationships may not be profitable, but bad ones always result in losses.
George Gordon Byron, Lord Byron: Selected Letters and Journals,|You can be the hunter, or you can be the hunted.
Chaim Potok, My Name Is Asher Lev|The historic beauty of BJJ rests not with its ability to allow a smaller man to maim a larger man, but with its ability to allow any man of any size to survive.
Miriam Makeba|There is something permanent, and something extremely profound, in owning a home.
Dan Brown, Inferno|Immortality, thou art a chimerical bridesmaid of life.
Helen Raleigh, Confucius Never Said|In the end, all disguises must drop.
William T. Sherman, Memoirs of General W.T. Sherman|It would be very heard, for example, a basketball owner, no matter how racist he was, to try to operate without Blacks. It would be suicidal.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|I don’t think I was strong in life. Now it seems like I loved every moment, thatevery breath was charmed and crisp.
Wole Soyinka|Whatever help we may want from the international community now or in the future, we want to make sure that this help is tailored to help our people to help themselves.
John Muir|And I came back and it was great, 'cuz George had set up all these flowers all over the studio saying welcome home. So then we got it together again. I always felt it was better on the White one for me. We were more like a band, you know.
Jeanette Winterson, Written on the Body|Misery is a no U-turns, no stopping road. Travel down it pushed by those behind, tripped by those in front. Travel down it at furious speed though the days are mummified in lead. It happens so fast once you get started, there’s no anchor from the real world to slow you down, nothing to hold on to. Misery pulls away the brackets of life leaving you to free fall. Whatever your private hell, you’ll find millions like it in Misery. This is the town where everyone’s nightmares come true.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Thief of Shadows|I love you,” he whispered as he thrust again. And again. Each movement controlled. Each small movement devastating in its effect. “I love you.”She lost all concept of time. She lost her place and surroundings. She couldn’t remember who he was—who she was. She lost her mind.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|Rachel: You're a half-blood, too?Annabeth: Shhh! Just announce it to the world, how about?Rachel: Okay. Hey, everybody! These two aren't human! They're half Greek god!...They don't seem to care.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|CHOCOLATE DAY POEM:"Chocolate, dark or light..Makes me smile bright.Chocolate, whether speak or not..If it’s love, it conveys a lot.But when you’re.. not there with me..It’s just a piece.. of sugar candy.It’s you, who makes it sweeter..I love it with you, even if it’s bitter.So be there always.. stay forever..I can’t think of life.. without you ever...O girl, O girl, O.. O.. girl.. you be mine..You are my choco-life..You be my.. Valentine...Just be mine.. O O.. Valentine!!!
Deyth Banger|You say that money doesn't bring happiness... but you have them... don't ya?If they don't bring happiness give them to average class and the result will be called "Bringing happiness!
Amy Reed, Crazy|Here's one from me: 'You have to be aware that everyone else is thinking far too hard about themselves to be thinking about you, whoever you are.' If you want it, you can have it. Once you know that, you can be free.
Latika Teotia|Dream big and dream of a beautiful world where the sun always shines; where everyone sports a smile; where sorrow doesn’t come knocking on any one’s door; where there is plenty of love and where time stands still to watch you enjoy life.Dream of a peaceful world, a world where children retain their innocence and are not violated even before they bloom; where love exists in its true form and breakups are never heard of; where families grow instead of shrinking; where loneliness doesn’t exist and old age is spent enjoying the fruits of love that you sowed.Dream of a world where unselfishness and selflessness rule the roost; where we are not divided on the basis of colour or creed, instead we treat each other with love and respect; where there is equality in everything and the line between the haves and have not’s doesn’t exist. Such a world will bring Heaven on Earth.Fly out on the wings of imagination to build such a world and let not even the sky be your limit.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible warns us against greed and selfishness, it does encourage frugality and thrift.
Alexis  Hall, Waiting for the Flood|Sometimes the hardest, bravest thing in the world is to let someone love you.
Ernest Hemingway, The Old Man and the Sea|Do not be disingenuous with me, Colonel Graff. Americans are quite apt at playing stupid when they choose to, but I am not to be deceived.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|Where was his empathy? Buried, I supposed, beneath his self-regard.
Judy Byington, Twenty-Two Faces|Jenny slowly awoke on the sacrificial altar to an Ethereal Light that flamed through the east wall, a radiant aura of love dispersing the frightful scene. A glow pulsating from Angeletta's body still burning in the fire pit slowly rose to join the Light. A Heavenly peace infused Jenny as she realized, "There's a man standing in the air straight above me!
Coco J. Ginger|I want your hand without the skin. Bone to bone without the molds. Mouth to mouth, without the porn.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you think positively, you attract divine forces for a positive lifestyle.
Philip Roth, Goodbye, Columbus and Five Short Stories|Crazy always feels right, but that doesn't mean it ain't wrong.
George Lucas|Fear not that thy life shall come to an end, but rather that it shall never have a beginning.
Fennel Hudson, A Writer's Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 3|Sentiments, as I have found, can be harvested from places where our memories are fondest.
Tahereh Mafi, Furthermore|What would you not have accomplished if you had been free?""Possibly nothing at all; the overflow of my brain would probably, in a state of freedom, have evaporated in a thousand follies; misfortune is needed to bring to light the treasures of the human intellect. Compression is needed to explode gunpowder. Captivity has brought my mental faculties to a focus; and you are well aware that from the collision of clouds electricity is produced — from electricity, lightning, from lightning, illumination.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Why were you lurking under our window?""Yes - yes, good point, Petunia! What were you doing under our windows, boy?""Listening to the news," said Harry in a resigned voice.His aunt and uncle exchanged looks of outrage."Listening to the news! Again?""Well, it changes every day, you see," said Harry.
David Cameron|Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one.
Gordana Biernat, #KnowTheTruth: Why Knowing Who You Are Changes Everything|When YOU choose to change, your reality must change accordingly. It simply has no other choice.
Eraldo Banovac|If your endeavors result in success of the company in a continuity of atleast a few years, you are a successful manager. If other companies followyour business approach, you are certainly an important manager withleader characteristics.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|Through out your life people will project many things onto you. The projections are not about you, they are about them. Most will actually have very little to do with who you actually are. Remember this instead of reacting.
Dan Brown|Every time a student walks past a really urgent, expressive piece of architecture that belongs to his college, it can help reassure him that he does have that mind, does have that soul.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|I want to see beauty. In the ugly, in the sink, in the suffering, in the daily, in all the days before I die, the moments before I sleep.
Marcel Proust, Within a Budding Grove, Part 2|That our words are, as a general rule, filled by the people to whom we address them with a meaning which those people desire from their own substance, a meaning widely different from that which we had put into the same words when we uttered them, is a fact which is perpetually demonstrated in daily life.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|TRUTHWhenever you stand up For your conscience, Be prepared to be hated By the wicked. But never, ever,Let that scare you;For whenever you Stand up for God, By him, You are loved.
Ramana Pemmaraju|An artist can try and pretend he is not following rules, but let's remember that nature itself provides rules. Gravity for instance.
Michael Moore|Of all mushrooms commonly consumed, oyster mushrooms in the genus Pleurotus stand out as exceptional allies for improving human and environmental health. These mushrooms enjoy a terrific reputation as the easiest to cultivate, richly nutritious and medicinally supportive.
Megan McKenna, And Morning Came: Scriptures of the Resurrection|Conversions were easy, but making full-time disciples was hard.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|Happiness. It was the place where passion, with all its dazzle and drumbeat, met something softer: homecoming and safety and pure sunbeam comfort. It was all those things, intertwined with the heat and the thrill, and it was as bright within her as a swallowed star.
Justine Musk|Passion is not what gives you bliss or makes you happy 24/7, but what you're willing to suffer for, what you genuinely believe to be worth the sacrifice.
Maisie A. Smikle|Every day is a good day, not only Good Friday. Every day is a holy day, not only Holy Thursday.Be holy and do good everyday.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life|During the summer I meditated outside in nature. Listening to the wind with the ears are like listening to mere noise, but listening to the wind blowing through the trees from the inner silence and being one with the wind is like listening to the celestial music.
Jed Diamond, Stress Relief for Men: How to Use the Revolutionary Tools of Energy Healing to Live Well|Not only does depression take away our spiritual and emotional health, it also undermines our physical health.
Paul Silway|The Bible teaches that money is one of the fruits of being prosperous, but it is certainly not the root.
Steven Wilson|There's a lot of beauty to be found in sadness and melancholia. One of the things that you find time and time again - not just with music, but with literature - is that things that appear to be quite depressing on the surface can ironically be very uplifting and touching to other people. When you hear something that really reminds you that you're not alone in feeling sad, depressed, melancholic, angry - I think that can actually be a very cathartic experience.
Margaret Atwood, Hag-Seed|Miranda nods, because she knows that to be true: noble people don't do things for the money, they simply have money, and that's what allows they to be noble. They don't really have to think about it much; they sprout benevolent acts the way trees sprout leaves.
Madeleine Brent, Stranger at Wildings|I didn't mean that I'm a nonpareil now. But I'm different, yes. I've found out that I can do quite difficult things if I keep trying very hard, and at least I've discovered that if I don't keep myself occupied I'm unhappy and unpleasant.
Pazaria Smith|Abba, Father, I adore You, I exalt You, I glorify You, I bow down before You. I worship You O God! I can't live without You. Jesus, Daddy, I ❤ You with all my heart.
Masaharu Morimoto|I've never been a hands-on dad. I'm not ashamed to admit it, but you can't run a restaurant and be home for tea at 4:30 and bath and change nappies.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Success can locate and visit you even if you are static wherever you are... But you are responsible for constructing the roads... Go, make the roads!
Shinichi Suzuki, Nurtured by Love: The Classic Approach to Talent Education|Don't you ever get in trouble for things like that at the school for the Incredibly gifted?" Jane asked. "No," Merissa said sadly. "Our talent is mischief, so whenever we do something bad they just encourage us to try harder.
John             Lewis, March: Book One|You poor girl, what sort of aged, unfriendly Libraries have you met in short life? A silent Library is a sad Library ... A Library should be full of exclamations! ... A Library should be full of now-just-a-minutes and that-can't-be-rights and scientifick folk running skelter to prove somebody wrong... A Library should not shush ; it should roar !
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Remember iron sharpens iron. People inspire people, therefore, always ensure that you read books that can easily guide you to discover strategies of making a good name.
Rene Descartes|I really have become convinced that nuclear fusion is our energy future. It's so powerful. I mean, it is the power of the stars. If we could bring that down to the laboratory and to the power plant on Earth, that would be an incredible thing.
Karen Marie Moning, Iced|And Mega has a crush on Chester.""I do not!""Do too, Mega.""He's like, old!""How old, Christian says.""Like at least thirty or something."Lor laughs. " Fucking ancient, ain't it, kid?""Dude," I agree. I like Lor.
George Papandreou|This country, with its institutions, belongs to the people who inhabit it. Whenever they shall grow weary of the existing government, they can exercise their constitutional right of amending it, or exercise their revolutionary right to overthrow it.
Amy E. Mason, 365 Pocket Prayers for Women: Guidance and Wisdom for Each New Day|I have faith in your eternal, comprehensive plan, and I believe that someday I will be able to see that you have made my life a beautiful tapestry. Right now I can see only sections of the back, with all of its knots and loose ends. But I trust that someday in heaven I will see the front in its entirety—the picture of world history and my own life from your perspective. How amazing that will be! So today give me the grace to interpret unexpected and even unwelcome circumstances as part of your grand plan. When I do, I know I'll be able to embrace both the good and the bad, knowing that you are weaving a beautiful picture with my life.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|You think it's time for a new beginning. You long to start from scratch, so you seek new things - trying like hell to reinvent yourself. Out with the old and in with the world's new. But you'll never create a version of yourself that is as magical and unique as the original. So... just be you.
John le Carré, The Russia House|There's no way out," he announced with satisfaction, "and no amount of wishful dreaming will produce one. The demon won't go back in its bottle, the face-off is for ever, the embrace gets tighter and the toys cleverer with every generation, and there's no such thing for either side as enough security. Not for the main players, not for the nasty little newcomers who each year run themselves up a suitcase bomb and join the club. We get tired of believing that, because we're human. We may even con ourselves into believing the threat has gone away. It never will. Never, never, never.""So, who'll save us then, Walt?" Barley asked. "You and Nedsky?""Vanity, if anything will, which I doubt," Walter retorted. "No leader wants to go down in history as the ass who destroyed his country in an afternoon. And funk, I suppose. Most of our gallant politicians do have a narcissistic objection to suicide, thank God.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you are willing to be a self-learner, you will develop yourself.
Julie-Anne|You have to accept all sides of yourself – there’s no point fighting them – just learn how to handle them, and return to the positive, balanced being you know you can be, once the winds have blown through.
Mario Puzo, The Godfather|When I look back to where I come from, I realize it's for a good reason that God changed my life.
Annabel Joseph, Disciplining the Duchess|Authentic empowerment is the knowing that you are on purpose, doing God's work, peacefully and harmoniously.
Paulo Freire|I will not leave South Africa, nor will I surrender. Only through hardship, sacrifice and militant action can freedom be won. The struggle is my life. I will continue fighting for freedom until the end of my days.
M.D. Elster, Four Kings|Have I..." I venture, terrified of the potential answer. "Have I gone mad?" "No, no, no." She says. "Okay, oui, peut-être, that depends. Maybe you have gone a little mad, and only for a little spell.
Jack Dorsey|Yet, in spite of this world-wide system of linkages, there is, at this very moment, a general feeling that communication is breaking down everywhere, on an unparalleled scale.
Susan Cain|I think if you just look at life in a positive way, positive things will happen.
Barack Obama|I am a strong individualist by personal habit, inheritance, and conviction; but it is a mere matter of common sense to recognize that the State, the community, the citizens acting together, can do a number of things better than if they were left to individual action.
Abhijit Naskar|The solution you seek, can be found nowhere else but within you.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|faith doesn't mean that you don't have doubts... [you] still experience the same greed, resentment, lust, and anger that everyone else experienced... the lines between sinner and saved [are] more fluid; the sins of those who come to church are not so different from the sins of those who don't... You [need] to come to church precisely because you [are] of this world, not apart from it; rich, poor, sinner, saved you [need] to embrace Christ precisely because you had sins to wash away... that religious commitment did not require me to suspend critical thinking, disengage from the battle for economic and social justice, or otherwise retreat from the world...
Antoine de Jussieu|You have that look on your face,” she whispered mockingly, “that Beast-just-gave-Beauty-a-whole-frickin’-library look and now she’s going to spin around like she can read them all at once through osmosis.
Kirk J. Schneider|Our greatest challenge today...is to couple conviction with doubt. By conviction, I mean some pragmatically developed faith, trust, or centeredness; and by doubt I mean openness to the ongoing changeability, mystery, and fallibility of the conviction.
Vince Flynn|Oscar is the exact opposite of how I think you should behave. I just think of it as a negative view of the positive mind I have. Big Bird is sweet and nice and also sympathetic, as kids can identify with him even though he looks like such a bizarre character - great 8 feet 2 inches, a beak 18 inches long.
J.R. Rim|Doing the things you hate is living in a world of sin. Hell is staying in the place Jesus saved you from. That is, to live on your own, without God.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|You can’t see anything properly while your eyes are blurred with tears. You can’t, in most things, get what you want if you want it too desperately: anyway, you can’t get the best out of it. ‘Now! Let’s have a real good talk’ reduces everyone to silence. ‘I must get a good sleep tonight’ ushers in hours of wakefulness. Delicious drinks are wastedon a really ravenous thirst. Is it similarly the very intensity of the longing that draws the iron curtain, that makes us feel we are staring into a vacuum when we think about our dead? ‘Them as asks’ (at any rate ‘as asks too importunately’) don’t get. Perhapscan’t.
Rodrigo Mortara Almeida|Life is not about chances, thinkings or probabilities, life is about atitudes
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|If it had been a heart attack, the new
Stefan Molyneux|Be big enough to offer the truth to people and if it short circuits them I think that's tragic. I think that's sad but, I will not strike no unholy bargains to self erase. I wont do it. I don't care how many people fucked up their lives. I don't care how many bad choices people have made. I don't care how much pettiness they've consumed and spat out. I don't care how much viciousness , rage, abuse, spanking they've dealt out. I am gonna tell the truth as I see it and I'm going to be who I fucking am and if that causes the world to shift in it's orbit and half the evil people get thrown off the planet and up into space well, you shouldn't of been standing in evil to begin with because, there is gravity in goodness.So, sorry; I have to be who I am. Everyone ells is taken. There is no other place I can go than in my own head. I can't jump from skull to skull until I find one that suits bad people around me better. I don't have that choice. So, be your fucking self. Speak your truth and if there are people around you who tempt you with nonexistence , blast through that and give them the full glory of who you are. Do not withhold yourself from the world. Do not piss on the incandescent gift of your existence. Don't drown yourself in the petty fog and dustiness of other peoples ancient superstitions, beliefs, aggressions, culture, and crap. No, be a flare.We're all born self expressive. We are all born perfectly comfortable with being incredibly inconvenient to our parents. We shit, piss, wake up at night, throw up on their shoulders, scream, and cry. We are in our essence, in our humanity, perfectly comfortable with inconveniencing others. That's how we are born. That's how we grow. That's how we develop.Well, I choose to retain the ability to inconvenience the irrational. You know I had a cancer in me last year and I'm very glad that the surgeons knife and the related medicines that I took proved extremely inconvenient to my cancer and I bet you my cancer was like "Aw shit. I hate this stuff man." Good. I'm only alive because medicine and surgery was highly inconvenient to the cancer within me. That's the only reason I'm alive.So, be who you are. If that's inconvenient to other people that's their goddamn business, not yours. Do not kill yourself because other people are dead. Do not follow people into the grave. Do not atomize yourself because, others have shredded themselves into dust for the sake of their fears and their desire to conform with the history of the dead.
Alisa Hope Wagner|Be comforted! If there are people who can't stand to be around you, just remember that darkness hates light and deceit hates truth.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|Every so often, in the midst of chaos, you come across an amazing, inexplicable instance of civic responsibility. Maybe the last shred of faith people have is in their firemen.
DeWayne Owens|Real hope is a real sense of knowing that your best days are yet to come, so dream on. What you can conceive is what you can achieve.
Seyi Ayoola|The relational leader operates not by being known by everyone, but by authentically creating positive relationships with people around her.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|When you create a company culture, you are drawing your lines in the sand for you, first & then for anyone else who does business with you.
Garima Jain, Shades Of Life|No wonder modern humanity, even as it loudly proclaims its freedom and power to choose, is really an impotent herd drive this way and that, paralyzed by the disconnectedness of it all. It's just one damn thing after another.
Elizabeth C. Bunce, A Curse Dark as Gold|Rose unearthed three crystal goblets that almost matched, and even found a tablecloth that hadn't been attacked by moths since its last public appearance.
Iisakki Totuudentalo|War is a seed of bigger war, but Peace is the seed of God.
Janet Evanovich, Hot Six|He stopped to rest at a cart selling nuts and candy, bought himself some Jelly Belly's, flirted just enought with the Mexican cutie working there to convince her pull out the banana-flavored one. Although he liked his Jelly Belly's mixed up, he didn't like banana, but, since it took too much effort to pull them out himself, he generally tried to talk someone else into doing it. If that didn't work, he just ate 'em.- Kenny Traveler
Mary-Jean Harris, Aizai the Forgotten|Her voice was soft and numinous, as befitted any Aizian singer, yet it was not just bells and melody. There was something else in her tune, a strand of solemnity that no Aizian could possess, for it yearned for something far away, whereas Aizians needed only open their eyes to behold the greatest wonders. Yes, she was in Aizai now, but she hadn’t always been, and for how much longer was impossible to say.
Simon Tam|The function, the very serious function of racism is distraction. It keeps you from doing your work. It keeps you explaining, over and over again, your reason for being. Somebody says you have no language and you spend twenty years proving that you do. Somebody says your head isn’t shaped properly so you have scientists working on the fact that it is. Somebody says you have no art, so you dredge that up. Somebody says you have no kingdoms, so you dredge that up. None of this is necessary. There will always be one more thing.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Whether I felt strong and courageous or not, I would now have to be for my baby boy.
Terry Pratchett, Carpe Jugulum|When people say things are a lot more complicated than that, they means they're getting worried that they won't like the truth.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Some of the most amazing people in the world were not perfect; they were scarred by suffering, hardships, losses and imperfections.
Banksy|I get in trouble when I say things like, 'I'm attracted to violence.' I was a pretty angry kid, and I got into military history largely as a way to vent my own anger. As I got older it narrowed down to a more specific focus on individual violence. I'm just trying to understand where it came from.
John Ruskin|Once people get hung up on theology, they've lost sanity forever. More people have been killed in the name of Jesus Christ than any other name in the history of the world.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Unnatural Death|I sleuth, you know. For a hobby. Harmless outlet for natural inquisitiveness, don't you see, which might otherwise strike inward and produce introspection an' suicide. Very natural, healthy pursuit -- not too strenuous, not too sedentary; trains and invigorates the mind.
The Detection Club, The Floating Admiral|In every action we must look beyond the action at our past, present and future state, and at others whom it affects, and see the relations of all these things.
Blue Balliett, Chasing Vermeer|The greatest art belongs to the world. Do not be intimidated by the experts. Trust your instincts. Do not be afraid to go against what you were taught, or what you were told to see or believe. Every person, every set of eyes, has the right to the truth.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|We'll be there, Harry," said Ron"What?""At your Aunt and Uncle's house," said Ron, "And then we'll go with you wherever you're going.""No-" said Harry quickly; he hadn't counted on this, he had meant them to understand that he was undertaking the most dangerous journey alone. "You said it once before," said Hermione quickly, "that there was time to turn back if we wanted to. We've had time, haven't we? We're with you whatever happens.
Ed Sheeran|Most critics of gender division are women, and they're worried about girls and the roles presented for them by gendered entertainments. They are quite right to be. Telling girls that the cars and the guns are beyond their domain of expertise, and that they should content themselves with clothes and friendships, is limiting.
Genesis Quihuis|I saw no way out but to dive right in, to a good book.
Roger Scruton|I grew tense but hopeful when his eyes turned to my lips. I knew what that meant. Every woman did. However selfish and grossly out of place it was, I was okay with one kiss, more curious than frightened to discover what it is like to kiss a Reaper who could drain my life. Perhaps my motivation was to ridicule Fate by kissing the lips of Death himself. Or maybe I was cold, tired, and downright horny.
Alexandra Potter, Who's That Girl?|I was at Gatwick and I was a mess: breathlessly excited, horribly nervous and hoping, praying, that this might be it. That the man who was belted up preparing for touchdown would be the man I would spend the next sixty years picking up from airports, missing him, loving him, feeding him and, all things going well, having a fair bit of sex with him.
Priya Malik|If you are going somewhere. Go, only if you're coming back.
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|That's kind of what trust is, isn't it? A willful self-delusion.
P.D. Ouspensky, A New Model of the Universe|There is no possibility of remembering what has been found and understood, and later repeating it to oneself. It disappears as a dream disappears. Perhaps it is all nothing but a dream.
Miranda July, It Chooses You|I mean, all this stuff you're involved in, it's all gossip. It's people talking about each other behind their backs. That's the vast majority of this social media, all these reviews, all these comments. Your tools have elevated gossip, hearsay and conjecture to the level of valid, mainstream communication. And besides that, it's fucking dorky.
Edward O. Wilson|They travel long distances to stroll along the seashore, for reasons they can't put into words.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|Be a King. Dare to be Different, dare to manifest your greatness.
Thomm Quackenbush, Juvenile Justice: A Reference Handbook, 2nd Edition: A Reference Handbook|My students tag tables, walls, and chairs because their greatest fear is that no one will ever remember them. They do not believe they can give impassioned speeches, rally people in protest, paint masterpieces. They think they will die, small and forgotten, and it dictates their every action.
B.J. Daniels, Renegade's Pride|He didn’t know if he was amused or unsettled by her ability to unbalance him the way she had. Correction. He didn’t know if he was amused, unsettled or pleased by her ability.
M.R. Gott, Where The Dead Fear to Tread|That done, I sank into an uneasy sleep wherein I dreamed of an assembly line of pale, bloodless girls walking down an endless dark street and moaning softly for help. Somewhere, toward the edge of my inner vision, a shadowy figure pursued them with long, beckoning arms.Goddamn booze!Somewhere in the midst of this ghoulish girl parade Cairncross materialized and hung a garland of garlic around my neck, glaring at me with his good eye and intoning, 'Go and sin no more.' Vincenzo appeared at Cairncross' side and together they laughed insanely, then vanished in a puff of sulphurous smoke.I made several high-minded resolutions, muttered half-heard but sincere-sounding prayers to all the recently deposed saints, thrashed and rolled clean off the bed.I might just as well have stayed up.
Amanda Hocking, Wisdom|A vampire is branding girls, okay?" I ignored his refusal. "Something about that just feels wrong to me.""I would hope so.
Dejan Stojanovic|Use the wings of the flying Universe, Dream with open eyes; See in darkness.
Barack Obama|Instead of having just good intentions that are me-centered,you can have God intentions that are God-centered. And when God puts something into you, you can be certain it will come to pass.
Tony Robbins|Doing a documentary is about discovering, being open, learning, and following curiosity.
Sam Elliott|For me, being tall was very positive because I thought my mom was the most beautiful person ever.
Lesley Ann Warren|True happiness is... to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future.
D.J. Molles, Aftermath|I am not worried about dying, what I am worried about is not living
Keshia Knight Pulliam|There's no shortage of orphans in 19th-century literature, but it's hard to find a single happy, communicative, functional parental relationship in the whole of 'Great Expectations,' even among the minor characters.
Mark Helprin|Not every affection which seems good is to be immediately followed. Neither is every opposite affection to be immediately avoided. Sometimes it is expedient to use restraint even in good desires and wishes, lest through importunity you fall into distraction of mind, lest through want of discipline you become a stumbling block to others.
Giotto di Bondone|We must go beyond textbooks, go out into the bypaths and untrodden depths of the wilderness and travel and explore and tell the world the glories of our journey.
Wes Jackson, Becoming Native to This Place|Utopias bore me. I'm interested in constructing messy, complicated societies that are full of flaws and then saying, ooh, this is interesting, let's see what happens if I poke it here. And concurrently with this and the previous point, I'm interested in making up cultures that are different
John Chrysostom|The potency of prayer hath subdued the strength of fire; it hath bridled the rage of lions, hushed anarchy to rest, extinguished wars, appeased the elements, expelled demons, burst the chains of death, expanded the gates of heaven, assuaged diseases, repelled frauds, rescued cities from destruction, stayed the sun in its course, and arrested the progress of the thunderbolt.
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|Success flourishes only in perseverance--ceaseless, restless perseverance.”Baron Manfred von Richthofen (1892-1918); Former Fighter Pilot
Gabor Maté|Adults envy the open-hearted and open-minded explorations of children; seeing their joy and curiosity, we pine for our own capacity for wide-eyed wonder.
A. R. Rahman|I'm happy that I have my family, and I'm happy that I had Virginia, where I grew up, to retreat to any time I felt overwhelmed. Whenever there were times when I felt like the rug was being pulled out from under me and I was floating in this crazy space, I would stop and go back to that neighborhood and realize nothing's changed, really.
Vladimir Nabokov, Pale Fire|IphWas a larvorium and a violet:A grave in Reason's early spring. And yetIt missed the gist of the whole thing; it missedWhat mostly interests the preterist;For we die every day; oblivion thrivesNot on dry thighbones but on blood-ripe lives,And our best yesterdays are now foul pilesOf crumpled names, phone numbers and foxed files.I'm ready to become a floweretOr a fat fly, but never, to forget.
Flume|Oratory is the masterful art. Poetry, painting, music, sculpture, architecture please, thrill, inspire - but oratory rules. The orator dominates those who hear him, convinces their reason, controls their judgment, compels their action. For the time being, he is master.
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|Ed Welch says that all counseling is a variation on a single theme: knowing and praying for the counselee. Of all the questions the counselor might ask, then, the central guiding question in the counselor's mind is, "How can I pray for you?
Plato|All is flux, nothing stays still
Violet Bonham Carter, Winston Churchill: An Intimate Portrait|[The Edwardian era] was a time of booming trade, of great prosperity and wealth in which the pageant of London Society took place year after year in a setting of traditional dignity and beauty. The great houses—Devonshire, Dorchester, Grosvenor, Stafford and Lansdowne House—had not yet been converted into museums, hotels and flats, and there we danced through the long summer nights till dawn. The great country-houses still flourished in their glory, and on their lawns in the green shade of trees the art of human intercourse was exquisitely practised by men and women not yet enslaved by household cares and chores who still had time to read, to talk, to listen and to think.
Stephen King, Different Seasons|I never had any friends later on like the ones I had when I was 12 - Jesus, did you?
Virgil Kalyana Mittata Iordache|The love that I believe in is something that goes beyond the physical aspects of this world. The love that I believe is one that extends its energy and power through the beautiful souls that I encounter along the way, a love that can be seen in the eyes of a little dog or in the confusion of a cute lost cat who wants to be worshiped like a Goddess. This kind of love goes through a divine crafting of a person's inner self, through personal experience and thousands of years of tears and strength, that can only be seen in the familiar eyes of old souls, the eyes that recognize each other even after long times of separation, the eyes that find themselves familiar with places they have probably been to before, but that nevertheless bring great memories with every visit. This kind of love sees hope in the eyes of new-born children that know way much more than they are capable of putting into words and that bring with their innocence a smile on each person's face who'd wish they could start again. The love that I see when I look at you is a love which has roots deep inside each of us, but that needs care and light to grow and unfold its branches so that they can reach outside of ourselves and even further beyond the skies.
John Travolta|In an automobile, if you think about the navigation system - of all the cars in the world, four out of five cars in the world if they have a navigation system have something from Nokia inside that car - the data, the platform, something. So we play a very strong role there.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Skin Trade|Grimes believed in what he did, with no doubts. Though he was older than me by over a decade, I suddenly felt old. Some things mark your soul, not in years but in blood and pain and selling off parts of yourself to get the bad guys, until you finally look in the mirror and aren’t sure which side you’re on anymore. There comes a point when having a badge doesn’t make you the good guy, it just makes you one of the guys. I needed to be one of the good guys, or what the hell was I doing?
Neel Burton|The more time I spent at the Finches', the more I realized what a waste of my life this school crap was. It was nothing but a holding tank for kids without bigger plans or ideas.
Ellis Peters, A Morbid Taste for Bones|God, nevertheless, required a little help from men, and what he mostly got was hindrance.
Malcolm X|Our solution on 'The Simpsons' is to do jokes that people who have an education, or some frame of reference, can get. And for the ones who don't, it doesn't matter, because we have Homer banging his head and saying, 'D'oh!'
Mikko Hypponen|Cloud services cut both ways in terms of security: you get off-site backup and disaster recovery, but you entrust your secrets to somebody else's hands. Doing the latter increases your exposure to government surveillance and the potential for deliberate or inadvertent breaches of your confidential files.
Saint Francis de Sales|If you want to grow a giant redwood, you need to make sure the seeds are ok, nurture the sapling, and work out what might potentially stop it from growing all the way along. Anything that breaks it at any point stops that growth.
Loren Weisman|I'm less concerned with how hard you can work and how much time and effort you can dedicate to a project when everything is going right.Plenty of people can do that.I'm more concerned with how hard you can work and how much time and effort you can dedicate to a project when everything is going wrong.That's a rarity and shows true honor, true character and will lead you that much closer to success.
Debasish Mridha|You have to have courage to begin anything. Without courage and enthusiasm, there is nothing.
Aaron D'Este, Weapon of Choice|Jeffers stretched up on his toes to see the back of the mob, “But James, we’re doing all this for you... We need this gold to build a united Alba. We need it to fund an army and to forge decisive leadership.” His voice was almost plaintive. “We want to hand your generation a real empire rather than just a loose collection of competing Families. We want to give you the foundations to achieve glory! What could possibly be wrong with that?”“Rubbish!” cried Tristan, not about to let honey-coated nonsense dissolve the glue that bound his army. “Absolute codswallop!” he let his calm facade slip for the first time that day. “What you’re actually trying to do is to build a legacy that you don’t deserve! You want to swan around as an armchair General for the next twenty years while your precious army strives and dies for hollow victories that do nothing more than feed your ego! And do you know who strives and dies in this picture?” He waved one arm at the figures behind him. “We do! We here in this alley, along with other young men and women just like us!”Tristan watched Jeffers from the corner of his eye, as he shook his fist towards deGroot, “Well we’re not having it! If you want us to fight and die, then we’re going to fight now, and we’re going to fight you! So come on down deGroot and take a swing!
John Connolly, The Infernals|Justice, like beauty, is in the eye of the beholder. Some see an innocent victim. Others will see evil incarnate getting exactly what's deserved.
Alice Walker|One lifetime is never enough to accomplish one's horticultural goals. If a garden is a site for the imagination, how can we be very far from the beginning?
Kate White, I Shouldn't Be Telling You This: Success Secrets Every Gutsy Girl Should Know|During your job search, you must also be networking as much as possible, attending events, talks, lectures, and conferences where you’ll meet people you can add to your contact list.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|There were lies we told to save ourselves, and then there were lies we told to rescue others. What counted more, the mistruth, or the greater good?
Bram Stoker, Dracula|He felt the comfort of being part of an eternal cycle symbolized by the gold strips on either side of the black mourning band he wore. Light, dark, light. The dark was just an interval.
Frank Leslie|If I am outspoken of the dangers of intemperance to members of our armed forces, it is because we are all especially concerned for the welfare of those who are risking their lives in the cause of freedom.
Tom Waits|And of course I've got kids of my own now, and they love me being in the Harry Potter films. I'm now part of a phenomenon. You become incredibly cool to your kids, and you get a young fan base. So you became the cool dad at school. You're suddenly hip.
bell hooks|Every parting is a form of death, as every reunion is a type of heaven.
Katie Reus, Retribution|Her abdomen clenched as he thrust hard once, filling her completely. Surprising her, he didn't start thrusting, but remained still inside her as he continued kissing her.	She could kiss the sexy man for hours, be consumed by the taste and feel of him.	"Move, damn it," she gasped. She was aware the demand sounded a lot like begging. She was beyond caring. She needed more, more, more.
Umair Naeem, Drowning Shadows|She walked forward, feeling the dew on the grass with each step. She tightened her eyes, welcoming the darkness.
Joan Kirner|My pride at being a member of the theater community is deep, and we have a chance to reach a lot of people who might feel like there's a place for them. I want theater to be part of the cultural conversation and be on par with all mediums of television in its ability to be relevant.
J.M. Darhower, Torture to Her Soul|To be a hero is to become a paradox. The very act of wanting to be a hero implies that you wish danger upon others, for one cannot be a hero without needing someone to save.
Jerry Garcia|O Death, rock me asleep, bring me to quiet rest, let pass my weary guiltless ghost out of my careful breast.
Lydia Millet|I'm not going to give a courtesy gift to a person who's going to win, and I'm not going to give a sympathy gift to a person who's going to lose.
Margaret Moss Painter|Did you make a mistake today? Did you do or say something that you’re ashamed of? Congratulations. You are officially human. Love yourself, especially when you’re aching with shame or regret. Make your amends, learn the lesson, and love your wondrous human self.
Kimberly Sabatini, Touching the Surface|The whole thing's illusion, [Jacob], and there's nothing wrong with that. It's what people want from us. It's what they expect.
Bo Bennett|My dear friend, clear your mind of cant.
Justin Bienvenue, The Macabre Masterpiece: Poems of Horror and Gore|It was as if the city itself was preparing for some impending catastrophe. There had always been talks of ghost and darkness here, even in his boyhood, and now that darkness seems to be seeping from the stones and timbers as much as it was descending from heavens.
Jim Dyar, The Zeus Gambit|All governments stress an employment-intensive force of production, but are unwilling to recognize that jobs can also destroy the use-value of free time. They all stress a more objective and complete professional definition of people's needs, but are insensitive to the consequent expropriation of life.
Asuni LadyZeal|Life is a chain of events; a journey. Tomorrow's opportunities are a reflection of today's decisions .The good thing is, tomorrow never ends. Every new day comes with a chance to secure tomorrow
Virginia Woolf, The Common Reader|-i was "far and away"-riding my motorcycle along an american back road, skiing through the snowy Quebec woods, or lying awake in a backwater motel. the theme i was grappling with was nothing less than the Meaning of Life, and i was pretty sure i had defined it: love and respect.love and respect, love and respect-i have been carrying those words around with me for two years, daring to consider that perhaps they convey the real meaning of life. beyond basic survival needs, everybody wants to be loved and respected. and neither is any good without the other. love without respect can be as cold as pity; respect without love can be as grim as fear.love and respect are the values in life that most contribute to "the pursuit of happiness"-and after, they are the greatest legacy we can leave behind. it's an elegy you'd like to hear with your own ears: "you were loved and respected."if even one person can say that about you, it's a worthy achievement, and if you can multiply that many times-well, that is true success.among materialists, a certain bumper sticker is emblematic: "he who dies with the most toys wins!"well, no-he or she who dies with the most love and respect wins...then there's love and respect for oneself-equally hard to achieve and maintain. most of us, deep down, are not as proud of ourselves as we might pretend, and the goal of bettering ourselves-at least partly by earning the love and respect of others-is a lifelong struggle.Philo of Alexandria gave us that generous principle that we have somehow succeeded in mostly ignoring for 2,000 years: "Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Edward Abbey, The Monkey Wrench Gang|To the question: Wilderness, who needs it? Doc would say: Because we like the taste of freedom, comrades. Because we like the smell of danger. But, thought Hayduke, what about the smell of fear, Dad?
Nick Mason|Perhaps people, and kids especially, are spoiled today, because all the kids today have cars, it seems. When I was young you were lucky to have a bike.
Elle Aycart, Inked Ever After|I think he fucked me stupid"- McKenzie Matthews- Being Beckett's
Shane L. Koyczan|There’s 6.5 billion people curled up like fists protesting death, but every breath we take has to be given back; a nine year old boy taught me that.
James Blish, A Case of Conscience|[A]ll knowledge goes through both stages, the annunciation out of noise into fact, and the disintegration back into noise again. The process involved was the making of increasingly finer distinctions. The outcome was an endless series of theoretical catastrophes.
Elizabeth Blackwell|As in geology, so in social institutions, we may discover the causes of all past changes in the present invariable order of society.
Robert Morgan|I did not have a very literary background. I came to poetry from the sciences and mathematics, and also through an interest in Japanese and Chinese poetry in translation.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|Why am I impatient I am unsure for what is patience? And why should I ultimately feel that I am lacking in it. Is it timing? Waiting? Abstaining? Obligation?  Longing? Torture? Perseverance? Discipline? Wanting? Someone recently referred to it as a staring contest between yourself, fate, god and chance. He also referred to it as a tease, a flirt. It's staring at her image when you want to hear her voice, feel her breath, taste her skin. Patience is the recovery from a really hot dream interrupted by the damn alarm clock. Patience is a hard cock with bound hands.
Marcus Aurelius|Send these images of me through the internet out into the universe, where I will continue my out-of-body existence.
Jack Higgins, The Eagle Has Landed|Killer, Yeah, yeah I'm killer I just killed my daughter, then my son... Ops I'm not a woman. I'm a man and I went and kill and the little biatch famous as my wife... When I kill, I feel satisfied when I lose I feel devastated!
Athanasius of Alexandria, On the Incarnation|If I beat my grandmother to death to-morrow in the middle of Battersea Park, you may be perfectly certain that people will say everything about it except the simple and fairly obvious fact that it is wrong. Some will call it insane; that is, will accuse it of a deficiency of intelligence. This is not necessarily true at all. You could not tell whether the act was unintelligent or not unless you knew my grandmother. Some will call it vulgar, disgusting, and the rest of it; that is, they will accuse it of a lack of manners. Perhaps it does show a lack of manners; but this is scarcely its most serious disadvantage. Others will talk about the loathsome spectacle and the revolting scene; that is, they will accuse it of a deficiency of art, or æsthetic beauty. This again depends on the circumstances: in order to be quite certain that the appearance of the old lady has definitely deteriorated under the process of being beaten to death, it is necessary for the philosophical critic to be quite certain how ugly she was before. Another school of thinkers will say that the action is lacking in efficiency: that it is an uneconomic waste of a good grandmother. But that could only depend on the value, which is again an individual matter. The only real point that is worth mentioning is that the action is wicked, because your grandmother has a right not to be beaten to death. But of this simple moral explanation modern journalism has, as I say, a standing fear. It will call the action anything else—mad, bestial, vulgar, idiotic, rather than call it sinful.
Matthew Arnold, Dover Beach and Other Poems|Everything and everyone has a place to be, Echo. It’s just a matter of how they get there and when. You have a place; you just have to find it.
Napoléon Bonaparte, Correspondance générale|Stupidity and MadnessThe Tao is clear, yet this clarity requires you to sweep away all your clutter. At all times watch out for your own stupidity, be careful of how your mind jumps around. When nothing occurs to involve your mind, you return to true awareness. When unified mindfulness is purely real, you comprehend the great restoration. The ridiculous ones are those who try to cultivate quietude - as long as body and mind are unstable, it is madness to go into the mountains.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|What a terrible thing, I thought, to let a moment go.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|I once thought it would take a miracle to improve my circumstances. Now, I believe it will take something far more powerful, if such a thing exists.
G-Eazy|I never think of myself as any kind of sex symbol, but I get letters from all over, all sorts. It's really cool. I get a lot from inmates, which is kind of scary. But the best was the guy who wanted to send me a plane ticket to fly me to his prom.
Paige Tyler, Wolf Trouble|She was a drug and he was an addict, hooked on her from the second he'd met her.
Christina Harlin, Possessed|He wasn’t gullible enough to be bullied by the ghost’s accusation – for Andrew Fletcher had his share of guilt, but he’d never thrown anyone down a well, either.
Curtis Tyrone Jones, Giants At Play: Finding Wisdom, Courage, And Acceptance To Encounter Your Destiny|Be patient with those who can't see your vision, because sometimes it takes time for eyes to adjust to the light.
Jennifer Armintrout|I'm not concerned that my stuff isn't extreme. I don't want to be heavy. I can't think of another attitude to have toward an audience than a hopeful and a positive one. And if that includes such unfashionable things as sentimentality, well, I can afford it.
Mehek Bassi|To maintain peace in the world, first maintain peace inside of you. A restless mind can never generate beneficial ideas.
Kendall Schmidt|If a girl thinks she isn't beautiful, I'm here to prove her wrong.
M.B. Dallocchio|With even the slightest upset, detachment soon followed. I didn’t lose sleep over men, and I was too restless to be tied down. The grass didn’t even have time to grow around my feet before I was planning my next escape – whether it was to another state or out of someone’s life.
Max Barry, Lexicon|Just look what happens to poets," I used to tell my honors class on the first day of school. "Half the time they go mad. And you know why I think that happens? Too much truth distilled to its essence, all surrounding evidence ignored or discarded. And I'm not faulting them for that.
Joe Namath|I was a big sports fan, and I had been closely monitoring Hank Aaron's home run totals since I was a kid playing on the sandlot adjacent to the Foundry and Machine Company in Batavia, Illinois.
Jody Watley|If you want to make enemies, try to change something.
Numey|A lot we have in our head,But things of heart are not yet dead,They have done none, but just fled,Out of us, Forgotten, just been bled..
Natasha Trethewey|I love children and I love family and I love that interaction. Because I had a really close relationship with my mother, I understand that deep powerful love, and it's so beautiful. To be a mother to a child is the most brilliant gift; it's gorgeous.
Binyavanga Wainaina, One Day I Will Write About This Place: A Memoir|Cloud travel is well and good when you have mastered the landings. I never have. I must live, not dream about living.
Euripides, Medea|Stronger than lover's love is lover's hate. Incurable, in each, the wounds they make.
Rico Lamoureux, Power Of The Pen|So at least I could rest my soul knowing I had truly given it my all. And when my future child asks why I stopped pursuing a dream I had had for so many years, I can say with no regret, "The love I have for you and your mother is far greater than any dream.
Stephen Fry, Moab Is My Washpot|She could feel it brimming on her lips, that superstar smile, the bow shape, the teeth long and solid tombstones.
Marcel Proust, Jean Santeuil|For a young man has strong imagination but poor judgment, so that he imagines others to be as big as he is but considers himself to be very small. He has unbounded trust in the universe but is constantly unsure of himself.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Letters and Papers from Prison|Every wedding must be an occasion of joy that human beings can do such great things, that they have been given such immense freedom and power to take the helm in their life’s journey…
Clara Kensie, Aftermath|Alexa's face whitens. The coil of hair loosens itself from her finger. "You did it for me. You never fought back. Because you thought you were keeping me safe."I pull up my gaze to meet hers. "Yeah.""I--" It's a strangled, high-pitched sound, laced with shock and grief. Then she bites her lips shut. Her chin trembles, just once, before she turns away.
Richard Linklater|Because of my capacity for listening to strangers' tales, or the details of their lives, my patience with their food and their crotchets, my curiosity that borders on nosiness, I am told that anyone traveling with me experiences an unbelievable tedium, and this is why I choose to travel alone.
A.G. Howard, Ensnared|Another thread snaps loose from my heart, the pain precise and acute. I embrace it, because it reminds me I'm still here. I'm alive. I'm empowered.
Kim Edwards, The Memory Keeper's Daughter|I've always resented the smug statements of politicians, media commentators, corporate executives who talked of how, in America, if you worked hard you would become rich. The meaning of that was if you were poor it was because you hadn't worked hard enough. I knew this was a lie, about my father and millions of others, men and women who worked harder than anyone, harder than financiers and politicians, harder than anybody if you accept that when you work at an unpleasant job that makes it very hard work indeed.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|Our Master puts the desire to procreate in us to be sure that we are fruitful and multiply. He knows how important animals are to the planet because most animals He allows to reproduce in great number. He put every one of us on the ark for a reason. Do you think it’s a mistake that dogs and cats have litters of 8, 9, 10 or more and people typically only have one or maybe two? It’s no mistake. It’s because God intends that there is more than enough four-legged love to go around.
Joan Baez|I truly believe that people like myself, who are in a position of entertainers in the limelight, should keep their mouth shut on politics.
Eileen Anglin|Angels don't shout, they whisper.
Willow Smith|My mother-in-law said, 'One day I will dance on your grave.' I said 'I hope you do; I will be buried at sea.'
Edward Fahey|As so often happens in my strange writing process, after weeks of distraction; of not thinking about the book at all; yesterday I started writing before the sun was up, or coffee was made. Whipped out a whole chapter of probably six or seven separate scenes in less than two hours. Now today, the whole story has slipped into a deeper level of knowing and connections than has (as far as I know, anyway) ever really been written about before. This is much as my experience was with Ailana, when I kept slipping into deeper and deeper gears. Bringing forth insights I myself had never learned or suspected.
Charlaine Harris, Dead in the Family|I feel like I'm forgetting something. Vyrus. Clans. Zombies. Stay out of the sun. Don't get shot. Abandon your life. Drink blood to survive. No, guess that pretty much covers it.
Criss Jami|There are those who feel that the world is ultimately moving closer to Truth and to prosperity as the times evolve; then there are those who feel that it is ultimately moving farther away from Truth and into self-destruction. From this, and if it were really that simplistic, one might get the impression that life gravitates slightly into two types of people whom which are diametrically opposed in spirit.
Josh Hutcherson|I don't see the desert as barren at all; I see it as full and ripe. It doesn't need to be flattered with rain. It certainly needs rain, but it does with what it has, and creates amazing beauty.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Two great prayers;Yahweh, grant me grace for my daily activities.Yahweh, protect me from all evil, so that my life will be free of pain in Jesus name. Amen!
Faydra D. Fields|Don't depend on anyone else to toot your horn. I mean, do you really want their lips on it, anyway?
Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead|Be happy -- if you're not even happy, what's so good about surviving?
Johnny Vegas|Food, love, career, and mothers, the four major guilt groups.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|My will and my desire were turned by love, the love that moves the sun and the other stars.' Dante was trying to explain faith, I think, as an overpowering love, and maybe it's blasphemous, but that's how I think of the way that I love you. You came into my life and suddenly I had one truth to hold on to-that I loved you, and you loved me.
Paddy Ashdown|When I saw corruption, I was forced to find truth on my own. I couldn't swallow the hypocrisy.
M.F. Moonzajer|Our love story is not written yet, it is mix of stupidity, fun and devotion.
Richard P. Kluft|She had spells of manic loquaciousness, followed by days of silence.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I will rather be poor doing what I love, than to be rich hating what I do.
Bhavya Kaushik, The Infinite Equinox|There comes a time in your life, when you are left with too many yesterdays and very less tomorrows. When you can look back and relive all the golden moments of your life. You would laugh thinking about your graduation day, or the teacher who changed your life, or how you met your soulmate. But then, you look ahead and you would realize that there is no future – no tomorrow to look forward to, and nothing to plan. Then what would you do? How would you go on and live a future that doesn't exist?
Elisabeth Elliot, Passion and Purity: Learning to Bring Your Love Life Under Christ's Control|When ours are interrupted, his are not. His plans are proceeding exactly as scheduled, moving us always (including those minutes or hours or years which seem most useless or wasted or unendurable).
Faraaz Kazi|Rahul did not realise the fluttering of the pigeons that so often disturbed everyone in the lab, by darting in and out of the ventilators. He did not realise the long, loud bell that went off, signalling the end of the last lecture, nor did she! They were living in the same moment, the same time, the same feeling, the same thought. Everything had slowed down to that moment. It was as if everything had stopped and all that existed were two people bound to each other by a string of feelings, two young people finally realising what life really meant and what they were supposed to do – love as one!
Rick Bragg|For several years Quinn had been having the same conversations with this man, whose name he did not know. Once, when he had been in the luncheonette, they had talked about baseball, and now, each time Quinn came in, they continued to talk about it. In the winter, the talk was of trades, predictions, memories. During the season, it was always the most recent game. They were both Mets fans, and the hopelessness of that passion had created a bond between them.
P.D. James, The Lighthouse|I wonder if childhood is ever really happy. Just as well, perhaps. To be blissfully happy so young would leave one always seeking to recapture the unobtainable. Like those people who were always happiest at school or university. Always going back. No reunion ever missed. It always seemed to me rather pathetic.
Emily Henry, The Love That Split the World|She may be a bitch, but she's a genuine bitch with a heart
Linton Weeks|When the going gets tough, the tough get a librarian.
Cassandra Clare, Saving Raphael Santiago|It's the person that calls you up because they're eating at ‘our favorite spot,’ and it made them think of you and miss being there with you. That's a friend, to me.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|I have spent a good many years since―too many, I think―being ashamed about what I write. I think I was forty before I realized that almost every writer of fiction or poetry who has ever published a line has been accused by someone of wasting his or her God-given talent. If you write (or paint or dance or sculpt or sing, I suppose), someone will try to make you feel lousy about it, that's all.
Ayrton Senna|And nothing embittered me, which is important, because I think ethnic people and women in this society can end up being embittered because of the lack of affirmative action, you know.
A.J. Waines, The Evil Beneath|She had been lying there, facedown in the water long before the tide had turned at 3.04 that morning. Her eyes were staring into the river, her blonde hair first fanning out, then drawing back under her head with the wash of the water, like a pulsating jellyfish. The belt of her raincoat was caught on the branches of an overhanging tree and she’d been hooked, destined to forever flap against the corner of the broken pier with outstretched arms. She wasn’t going anywhere now; she was simply bobbing up and down with the rhythm of the water - and she hadn’t blinked in a long while.
Kaleb Kilton|So it came to this, that— against the grain, no doubt—the condemned man had to hope the apparatus was in good working order! This, I thought, was a flaw in the system; and, on the face of it, my view was sound enough. On the other hand, I had to admit it proved the efficiency of the system. It came to this; the man under sentence was obliged to collaborate mentally, it was in his interest that all should go off without a hitch.
Confucius, The Analects|there are very few who can think, but every man wants to have an opinion; and what remains but to take it ready-made from others, instead of forming opinions for himself?
Ballard James G.|We shall bear in linea, however sadly, that psychopathology is no longer the exclusive preserve of the degenerate and perverse. The Congo, Vietnam, Biafra- these are games that anyone can play (...) What will follow is the psychopathology of sex, relationships so lunar and abstract that people will become mere extensions of the geometries of situations.
Jack Finney, Time and Again|It is very rarely that a middle-aged man finds an author who gives him, what he knew so often in his teens and twenties, the sense of having opened a new door.
George Carlin|I think I am, therefore, I am... I think.
Suzan Battah, Five Senses of Romance A Self Help Guide for Gentlemen and Ladies, Both Single and Taken|See, don't just look. Your partner is so much more than their appearance. It's how kind their heart is, how lovely they smile, how much they care and have compassion, how generous and giving they are which becomes much more attractive.
Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters|Coffee is not my thing, and RedBull is my wing.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|It is a great wonderHow Almighty God in his magnificenceFavors our race with rank and scopeAnd the gift of wisdom; His sway is wide.Sometimes He allows the mind of a manOf distinguished birth to follow its bent,Grants him fulfillment and felicity on earth And forts to command in his own country.He permits him to lord it in many landsUntil the man in his unthinkingnessForgets that it will ever end for him.He indulges his desires; illness and old ageMean nothing to him; his mind is untroubledBy envy or malice or thought of enemiesWith their hate-honed swords. The whole worldConforms to his will, he is kept from the worstUntil an element of overweening Enters him and takes holdWhile the soul’s guard, its sentry, drowses,Grown too distracted. A killer stalks him,An archer who draws a deadly bow.And then the man is hit in the heart,The arrow flies beneath his defenses,The devious promptings of the demon start.His old possessions seem paltry to him now.He covets and resents; dishonors customAnd bestows no gold; and because of good things That the Heavenly powers gave him in the pastHe ignores the shape of things to come.Then finally the end arrivesWhen the body he was lent collapses and fallsPrey to its death; ancestral possessionsAnd the goods he hoarded and inherited by anotherWho lets them go with a liberal hand.“O flower of warriors, beware of that trap.Choose, dear Beowulf, the better part,Eternal rewards. Do not give way to pride. For a brief while your strength is in bloomBut it fades quickly; and soon there will followIllness or the sword to lay you low,Or a sudden fire or surge of waterOr jabbing blade or javelin from the airOr repellent age. Your piercing eyeWill dim and darken; and death will arrive,Dear warrior, to sweep you away.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|If You're Disappointed Or Lost Something, Don't Stay In That Situation For Long.... Be Like Hydra Which Has Never Die Attitude.... When It Loses One Part of It's Body, It Reproduces Again.... So, Transform Your Pain To A New Birth....
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|Thanksgiving, after all, is a word of action.
Gugu Mona|he reminded himself as he turned another corner — glancing automatically into the shadows to see if anyone lurked there — the deed was the thing, not the praise.
Simone Weil|Imaginary evil is romantic and varied; real evil is gloomy, monotonous, barren, boring. Imaginary good is boring; real good is always new, marvelous, intoxicating.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Your dream is a visualized reflection of your potential and only YOU have the ability to bring it to life... you are more than just the dreamer, you are the point of origin for its reality.
Derek Raymond, The Crust on Its Uppers|When you make a deal with the Devil, it can be Hell.
Jaclyn Moriarty, A Corner of White|Everyone is tied down in some way. Work, family, medical problems. It's what you make of it. That's why it's so important to surround yourself with the things that make you happy. If you have a bad day at work but get to come home to a woman you love or your favorite hobby, the rest doesn't matter as much.
Matthew Woodring Stover, Traitor|Before one can learn truth, one must unlearn lies.
Neil Gaiman, Evelyn Evelyn|The magic and the danger of fiction is this: it allows us to see through other eyes. It takes us to places we have never been, allows us to care about, worry about, laugh with, and cry for people who do not, outside of the story, exist. There are people who think that things that happen in fiction do not really happen. These people are wrong.
Leslie H. Whitten Jr., Progeny of the Adder|The Boogeyman,' he said, just to be sure. 'The Boogeyman killed an employee of the President of the United States.'The president nodded.Some days, Zach thought, I really hate this job.
Lily O'Brien|I had not, I said to myself, come into the future to carry on a miniature flirtation.
Herman E. Daly, For the Common Good: Redirecting the economy toward community, the environment, and a sustainable future.|And that's just the beginning. More and more, conventional wisdom says that the responsible thing is to make the unemployed suffer. And while the benefits from inflicting pain are an illusion, the pain itself will be all too real.
John William Tuohy, No Time to Say Goodbye: A Memoir of a Life in Foster Care|For the first time in my life, I was eating well and from plates—glass plates, no less, not out of the frying pan because somebody lost all the plates in the last move. Now when we ate, we sat at a fine round oak table in sturdy chairs that matched. No one rushed through the meal or argued over who got the biggest portion, and we ate three times a day.
Kimberly Belle, The Ones We Trust|A very smart woman once told me that anger can feel like a life buoy, like it's the only thing keeping you afloat, but that in order to heal you have to let go.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Trauma is not what happens to us, but what we hold inside in the absence of an empathetic witness.
Shveta Thakrar|When you put yourself on the page, but it will never be good enough for anyone else, when your raw, bloody heart's smashed into letters and words and paragraphs--can't they see the gore still dripping? What more do they want?-- and none of it matters?
Dawn Gluskin|Sometimes, people you value the most may appreciate all the things you do for them. but that doesn't mean they value you as much you value them. you sacrifice for them and give them all the best because you want them to be happy and you believe they deserve it. You understand and accept them for everything that they are. There are times that you'll ran short and would fail to be at your best and they may take it againts you. you'll have your own share of your weaknesses and flaws and they may not understand you and accept you. You may have been lost at times and they may not look for you or care for you and that's okay. that's the thing about giving. you give without expecting, you give without regrets and you give whole heartedly and freely. For God will always bless you with more than what you give. and it's already fulfilling to see them somehow smile and became complete and still thankful because you did something good for them and that's all that matters.
Bertrand Russell|It is not what the man of science believes that distinguishes him, but how and why he believes it. His beliefs are tentative, not dogmatic; they are based on evidence, not on authority or intuition.
David Brooks|Across the centuries the moral systems from medival chivalry to Bruce Springsteen love anthems have worked the same basic way. They take immediate selfish interests and enmesh them within transcendent, spiritual meanings. Love becomes a holy cause, an act of self-sacrifice and selfless commitment.But texting and the utilitarian mind-set are naturally corrosive toward poetry and imagination. A coat of ironic detachment is required for anyone who hopes to withstand the brutal feedback of the marketplace. In today's world, the choice of a Prius can be a more sanctified act than the choice of an erotic partner.This does not mean that young people today are worse or shallower than young people in the past. It does mean they get less help. People once lived within a pattern of being, which educated the emotions, guided the temporary toward the permanent and linked everyday urges to higher things. The accumulated wisdom of the community steered couples as they tried to earn each other's commitment.Today there are fewer norms that guide that way. Today's technology seems to threaten the sort of recurring and stable reciprocity that is the building block of trust.
Marilyn Monroe|We are all born sexual creatures,thank God, but it's a pity so many people despise and crush this natural gift.
MotivationGrid, Keep going after your dreams|It is not enough to acquire knowledge. Common-sense is paramount. Sadly, it is not in every knowledgeable person’s shed.
C. JoyBell C.|Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life and you will call it fate.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|God’s power is able to change stony, stubborn heart to kind, responsive heart.
Angel M.B. Chadwick|Humanity is a very interesting phenomenon. If you peel back the layers, if you're brave enough, you realize it's something that's not for the faint of heart-" Angel M.B. Chadwick
Deyth Banger|Tips for Writing: Here you are some tips for writing which are pretty impressive!Make a character who is like Gregory house… mainly pranks, jokes!Make the character so much to be incredible that… you decide to kill him.…Two are enough now on then we will eat ( 2 = dead)
Greg Rutherford|Having a birthday around the holidays was never easy and, with every successive year, it felt more and more as if celebrating my birthday got thrown into the December holiday mix as an afterthought.
Kevin Focke|More than two dozen kids lined a low railing around the gazebo. They were all tied to it by a rope leash that gave them no more than a few feet of movement. Neck to rail, like tethered horses. Each of the kids was weighed down by a concrete block that encased their hands. Their eyes were hollow, their cheeks caved in.Astrid used a word that Sam had never imagined coming from her.“Nice language,” Drake said with a smirk. “And in front of the Pe-tard, too.”A cafeteria tray had been placed in front of each of the prisoners. It must have been a very recent delivery because some were still licking their trays, hunched over, faces down, tongues out, licking like dogs.“It’s the circle of freaks,” Drake said proudly, waving a hand like a showman.In a crusty old wheelbarrow to one side, three kids were using a short-handled shovel to mix cement. It made a heavy sloshing sound. They dumped a shovelful of gravel into the mix and stirred it like lumpy gravy.“Oh, no,” Lana said, backing away, but one of the Coates kids smashed her behind the knee with his baseball bat, and she crumpled.“Gotta do something with unhelpful freaks,” Drake said. “Can’t have you people running around loose.” He must have seen Sam start to react because he stuck his gun against Astrid’s head. “Your call, Sam. You so much as flinch and we’ll get to see what a genius brain really looks like.”“Hey, I got no powers, man,” Quinn said.“This is sick, Drake. Like you’re sick,” Astrid said. “I can’t even reason with you because you’re just too damaged, too hopelessly messed up.”“Shut up.
Andrew Lang, The Red Fairy Book|No man can have a right to impose an unchosen obligation , an unrewarded duty or an involuntary servitude on another man.There can be no such thing as " the right to enslave .
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is in the roots, not the branches, that a tree’s greatest strength lies.
Dee Dee Myers|We control health and pathogenicity by complex multi-speciated relationships through symbiosis and synergy. Portable shelters for livestock, along with electric fencing, insure hygienic and sanitary housing and lounging areas, not to mention clean air, sunshine, and exercise.
Na'ama Yehuda|If not in the moment, where do you propose to live?
Robert Louis Stevenson|Find your self-respect now. Don't dumb yourselves down. Think of yourself as capable and worthy of finding a guy who is going to respect you, too. It's so important, I mean, and the confidence you get from feeling smart and tackling something like mathematics, which is a challenge, right? Math is hard.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|Darling!” Alessandro exclaimed with a cold sneer as a police guard led him into a holding cell. “What are you doing here? Did you come to tell me that the crazy fog has lifted and you’re ready to resume your place by my side?” “Not in this lifetime. That nut house is not my home, and you really are crazy if you think I’m going anywhere with you.” Alessandro’s eyes flickered dangerously. “Careful, sweetheart. You are still my wife. Let’s not forget that, eh?” Bree shook her head. “You are unbelievable. Do you feel any remorse at all for what you did?” Alessandro clenched his jaw. “I believe I expressed my remorse quite thoroughly if you recall. I begged you to forgive me and I beg for nothing, Brianna. I laid myself bare and pleaded for you to understand but all you had for me were hateful words.” “Oh, was I supposed to believe that little performance?” Bree snapped, forcing herself to block out the image of his hands cupping her face, his tears mingling with her own. “It’s hard to know because I believed you when you looked me in the eye and told me you had nothing to do with what happened to Colin.
Brandon Sanderson, White Sand Volume 1|Grains of sand will only flow with the winds, Kenton, never against them.
Thomas Merton, New Seeds of Contemplation|We have the choice of two identities: the external mask which seems to be real...and the hidden, inner person who seems to us to be nothing, but who can give himself eternally to the truth in whom he subsists. (295)
Paul David Washer|Selfishness is one of the principal fruits of the corruption of human nature; and it is obvious that selfishness disposes us to over-rate our good qualities, and to overlook or extenuate our defects.
Michael Pollan|I'll practice as good as I can, but I know that I play even better, with the qualities I have - leadership, my ability to make something happen in games, winning.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Friendship warrants giving up the ego, submitting you to the other person, and remaining non-judgemental in the whole process.
Roberta Pearce, A Bird Without Wings|Speaking of which, about assuming you had a condom—I just meant that you, with your experience, would be prepared for responsible sex, even if it were on the fly. An intelligent man is prepared for spontaneity.
Buzz Aldrin|When I was super young, I had an Atari and used to play 'Space Invaders.' Then I fell in love with 'Mario Bros.,' 'Sonic the Hedgehog' and 'Yoshi' on Super Nintendo. I was quite a bit of a gamer as a kid when I think about it.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Your heart is the roots to God.Your heart is nourished by truth, by God, but you have forgotten the heart.Come back to the heart, and you will be able to know the truth.You will be able to know the truth as the truth and the false as the false.
Sayed Kashua|At school, I'd be the dude singing to the girls, always up in the auditorium, in the lunch room singing Christmas carols, in the halls between class. I was always singing, and same thing with my grandfather. The apple doesn't fall too far from the tree; you know how that goes.
James Allen|I try to be a good daughter, as I believe in karma and feel that how you are with your parents is directly proportionate to what you receive in your life. I am a big oneness follower, and our gurus have told us that if you want to achieve external happiness, you need to be happy internally. And your inner circle is your family.
Narissa Doumani, A Spacious Life: Memoir of a Meditator|Dancing is spiritual. Dancing is personal. Some people look at a dancing person and say, What a total show-off. They only notice the body of the dancing person. They look at the way the elbows jut out, the way the hips shake and the neck bends. They criticize all of these things, saying, This dancing person shouldn't be dancing. This dancing person has no rhythm. But the dancer is immune to all of this.
Steven Magee|The ceremonies that persist—birthdays, weddings, funerals— focus only on ourselves, marking rites of personal transition. […]We know how to carry out this rite for each other and we do it well. But imagine standing by the river, flooded with those same feelings as the Salmon march into the auditorium of their estuary. Rise in their honor, thank them for all the ways they have enriched our lives, sing to honor their hard work and accomplishments against all odds, tell them they are our hope for the future, encourage them to go off into the world to grow, and pray that they will come home. Then the feasting begins. Can we extend our bonds of celebration and support from our own species to the others who need us?Many indigenous traditions still recognize the place of ceremony and often focus their celebrations on other species and events in the cycle of the seasons. In a colonist society the ceremonies that endure are not about land; they’re about family and culture, values that are transportable from the old country. Ceremonies for the land no doubt existed there, but it seems they did not survive emigration in any substantial way. I think there is wisdom in regenerating them here, as a means to form bonds with this land.
Richard Ellmann|Drift beautifully on the surface, and you will die unbeautifully in the depths.
Douglas Comin|Reality is God-centered and all human beings are worshipers, whether or not they are conscious of this reality and its implications.
Bram Stoker|There is a reason that all things are as they are, and did you see with my eyes and know with my knowledge, you would perhaps better understand.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|Designing posters, for me, is not only a commercial pursuit but also a philosophical endeavor.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Never try to outgrow the people who were helping you walk, when you could not even walk.
Moxie Will, Something That Will Change Your Life|Collectives can’t make money from virtues they make money from weakness. Where there are no weak, they create weak. Cowards hate strong people.
Dave Eggers, The Circle|Ty swept his arms around, encompassing everything around them, the vast campus above. “All this. The fucking shark that eats the world.
Auliq Ice|Success is not about impressing and pleasing everyone, but setting your own goals, and achieving them in your own time.
Elle Kennedy, Midnight Captive|You strip away every ounce of civility in me, Selene” - Levi
A.S. King, Please Ignore Vera Dietz|As I load my shirt into the washer for the night, I daydream about making a sign and hanging it around my neck. It could read, I MISS CHARLIE KHAN.As I drive home, I picture other signs- one for everyone who has a secret. Bill Coro's would say, I CAN'T READ, BUT I CAN THROW A FOOTBALL. Me. Shunk's would read, I WISH I COULD TOSS YOU ALL ON AN ISLAND BY YOURSELVES. Dad's would read, I HATE MYSELF FOR NO GOOD REASON.
Thomas Ligotti, Teatro Grottesco|Even if this is only nonsense and dreams, I feel the need to perpetuate it all. Especially at this moment, when this pain is taking over my mind and my self. Pretty soon none of this will make any difference.
Jenna Streety|She was born of space. And starlight. But she bled wrath. And vengeance.."[From Current Work In Progress]
Yogi Berra|Words are powerful; if you change your words, you can change your life.
John Gardner, Grendel|I know everything, you see,' the old voice wheedled. 'The beginning, the present, the end. Everything. You now, you see the past and the present, like other low creatures: no higher faculties than memory and perception. But dragons, my boy, have a whole different kind of mind.' He stretched his mouth in a kind of smile, no trace of pleasure in it. 'We are from the mountaintop: all time, all space. We see in one instant the passionate vision and the blowout.
Howard W. Hunter|Whatever Jesus lays His hands upon, lives. If He lays is hands upon a marriage, it lives. If He is allowed to lay His hands on the family, it lives.
Robert Frank|People spot a big black lens, and they worry about what they're doing, or how their hair looks. Nobody see the person holding the camera.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Instead of manipulating [people] for our own purposes, we’d help them achieve what is best for them. We’d also try to see life through their eyes. Treat others the way you would want them to treat you.
David Frost|Go after what you really love and find a way to make that work for you, and then you'll be a happy person.
Arnold H. Glasgow|Patience is a fruit of the spirit that grows only under trial. It is useless to pray for patience. Well, actually I encourage you to pray for patience, but I'll tell you what you'll get TRIALS!
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|It was no mere accident you were sent to me, perfect synchronicity. Familiar souls wrapped in skin, brought together through time again.
Benjamin N. Cardozo|We use paper documents to store knowledge so we can consult and reconsult it, giving us a type of recall impossible with our unaided minds; we use pencils to scratch down material so we can manipulate it in a fashion impossible in our unaided minds.
Greg Mitchell|If the Almighty chose to establish his religion by miracles, he chooses to carry it on by means.
Zachary Jernigan, Shower of Stones|Being alone is easier than having a family. When you have a family, you are responsible to each other. It’s easier to navigate the world without that burden.
Deyth Banger|Nobody is born rich everyone started from poor, that your grandfather or mother or father or grandmother are rich. This is just a luck, other people are born in poor families and become rich!
Cory Stallworth|Love enters us like a vague ailment. Your head spins. Your underarms tingle. Love hurts and love has consequences: marriage, babies, separation, longing, human complications.
Debasish Mridha|If life is a joyful serious journey, then peace should be the train and happiness should be the destination.
Carson McCullers, The Heart is a Lonely Hunter|Blount sat down to the table and leaned over close to Singer. "There are those who know and those who don't know. And for every ten thousand who don't know there's only one who knows. That's the miracle of all time - the fact that these millions know so much but don't know this. It's like in the fifteenth century when everybody believed the world was flat and only Columbus and a few other fellows knew the truth. But it's different in that it took talent to figure that the earth is round. While the truth is so obvious it's a miracle of all history that people don't know.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|You make a life out of what you have, not what you're missing.
Theodore Jerome Cohen, House of Cards: Dead Men Tell No Tales|So, what are you going to do about it?”"Watch this!""Oh, that’s just freaking great. ‘Watch this!’ The two most dangerous words in the English language. I’m getting out of here before lightning strikes.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Lots of death, huh? Personally, I'm trying to avoid lots of death, but you guys have fun!
Deyth Banger|Myth is not about whether something is fact or fiction; myth is more about truth. Good myth, according to the old adage, is about something that continues to be true again and again, over time.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|For the next two weeks, the world and all other issues would be omitted. We were two people alone in a hospital room. We allowed no visitors. We had two weeks of near-silence with each other and my increasing helplessness. I tended to tangle the IV and misplace the oxygen tube. As I started to say earlier, I could feel no sensible interest in the future. The moments became extraordinarily dimensionless - not without value but flat and a great deal emptier. When you learn you're fatally ill, time becomes very confusing, perhaps uninteresting, pedestrian. But my not caring if I lived or died hurt Ellen. And I was grateful that I could indulge my cowardice toward death in terms of living for her.
Nurudeen Ushawu|My reason to live is to love, my reason to get is to give. - The Lord is my witness.
Lawrence Lessig|Usually when I'm out doing stuff, I'm just out in the wild, doing the wild thing. I don't really get a chance to just chill out until I come here, in my creative space.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Be thankful, joyful and prayerful.
Matshona Dhliwayo|People can hurt you, but you must still love. People can betray you, but you can still trust. People can put you down, but you must still rise. People can oppose you, but you can still prevail.
Frederica Mathewes-Green|Easter tells us of something children can't understand, because it addresses things they don't yet have to know: the weariness of life, the pain, the profound loneliness and hovering fear of meaninglessness.
Debasish Mridha|You may not need to tell me, I can hear your song better when your voice is silent and your heart is singing.
August Strindberg, The Father|She remembered Fiona saying something once, there was nothing more attractive than a competent man. At the time she'd been a young girl, without true understanding, but now she agreed.
Karl Wiggins, Self-Publishing In the Eye of the Storm|I believe you can consider yourself a successful prose writer when the number of words you put on a page each day is equal to, or greater than, the number of milligrams of mind-altering chemicals you ingest in that day. (Note: this rule does not apply to poets who write in the short-form. You, my boys and girls, are free as birds!)
Tamora Pierce, Emperor Mage|I looked like someone who'd had a night, and had a story to tell about it.
Larry Acquaviva, Nobody Cares Who You Are|Find It, Live It, Love It.
Oprah Winfrey|Age puzzles me. I thought it was a quiet time. My seventies were interesting and fairly serene, but my eighties are passionate. I grow more intense as I age.
Stephen King, Duma Key|A hurt body and mind aren’t just like a dictatorship; they are a dictatorship. There is no tyrant as merciless as pain, no despot so cruel as confusion. That my mind had been as badly hurt as my body was a thing I only came to realize once I was alone and all other voices dropped away.
Steve Kamb, Level Up Your Life: How to Unlock Adventure and Happiness by Becoming the Hero of Your Own Story|A basic framework for happiness:- Time spent daily, hopefully in a job that challenges us, but also in our after-hours hobbies.- An ability to show ourselves that we are making consistent progress and improvements toward a specified goal.- Energy and attention dedicated each day to an activity that puts us in the zone.
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|But when society is the name for such hollow gentlemen and ladies...and when its breeding is professed indifference to everything that can advance or can retard mankind, I think we must have lost ourselves in that same Desert of Sahara, and had better find the way out.
Dada Bhagwan|Once one’s vision changes to, ‘I don’t have a sofa in my house’, he will purchase the sofa with a loan and pay 1.5% interest on it. One should first make a note of how much is the ‘necessity’.
Hunter S. Thompson|If you're going to be crazy, you have to get paid for it or else you're going to be locked up.
Elizabeth Berrien, Creative Grieving: A Hip Chick's Path from Loss to Hope|I began to feel that nature itself was nurturing me, reminding me that life still offered beauty and calm, and that I was also made out of these elements.
Harrish Sairaman|Courage is not the absence of Fear, but the ability to act in spite of fear!
Jean Webster, Daddy-Long-Legs|The world is so full of a number of things, I am sure we should all be as happy as kings. The world is full of happiness, and plenty to go round, if you are only willing to take the kind that comes your way.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|Our real life is not the life we live, and we feel that our deepest, nay, our most intimate thoughts are quite apart from ourselves, for we are other than our thoughts and our dreams. And it is only at special moments – it may be by merest accident – that we live our own life. Will the day ever dawn when we shall be what we are? …
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Simple minded people do things like gossip, lie, spread rumors, and cause troubles. But, I know you're more intelligent.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The world needs great inspirers, to ignite the light in every soul.
Richie Norton|One day employers will need to incentivize employees to actually work in an office. The office, in many ways, is obsolete. The office is more and more becoming a place for wasteful meetings and the work is actually being done at home. A Results-Only-Work-Environment (ROWE) is the path of future location-independent businesses.
Charlotte Smith|I love being in my garden. I don't plant a lot of exotic flora, but I do spend a lot of time outside doing manual labour.
Criss Jami, Venus in Arms|Pride and power fall when the person falls, but discoveries of truth form legacies that can be built upon for generations.
Rachel Joyce, The Unlikely Pilgrimage of Harold Fry|Whenever people see birds flying through the sky, it's said that they get the urge to go on a journey.
David Benedict Zumbo|Life is neither hard nor easy, life is life. Understanding this will help you endure every life situation, for life is neither hard nor easy, life is simply life.
Robert Bolt, A Man for All Seasons|If gold has been prized because it is the most inert element, changeless and incorruptible, water is prized for the opposite reason -- its fluidity, mobility, changeability that make it a necessity and a metaphor for life itself. To value gold over water is to value economy over ecology, that which can be locked up over that which connects all things.
Quincy Jones|Popular culture bombards us with examples of animals being humanized for all sorts of purposes, ranging from education to entertainment to satire to propaganda. Walt Disney, for example, made us forget that Mickey is a mouse, and Donald a duck. George Orwell laid a cover of human societal ills over a population of livestock.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|The only way I’d ever die of a broken heart, is if I slammed into something really hard
Conan O'Brien|It is our failure to become our perceived ideal that ultimately defines us and makes us unique. It's not easy, but if you accept your misfortune and handle it right your perceived failure can become a catalyst for profound re-invention.
Nenia Campbell, Terrorscape|Once upon a time, there was a naïve and innocent girl who thought she could tame the beast and live happily ever after. But the beast did not want to be tamed, for he was a beast and beasts care not for such things, and the girl died along with her dreams.From childhood's grave sprang a young woman, jaded before her years, who knew that beasts could wear the skins of men, and that evil could exist in sunlight, as well as darkness.Plus ça change, plus c'est la même chose.
Mark  Donnelly|When the flames of life are gnawing away at your butt, run faster, quicker, and harder than you've ever run before, because I guarantee it that life will condition you, harder than any trainer ever will.When you state to yourself with the utter most believe, “I will achieve this,” than you are on the path, and this is when life throws obstacles left, right, straight on and which other way, but keep going. Because you will make it
Corrine Annette Zahra, The Legend of Amanda Robins|Amanda learned a valuable lesson. Everything happens for a reason and in the end, you will be happy.
Savannah Stuart, Dangerous Craving|Nissa stirred as she felt the soft brush of something -- lips - tease against her neck. With her eyes closed, she smiled. Thomas' spicy, masculine scent was unmistakable. "What are you doing?" she murmured.	"If you have to ask, I must be doing it wrong.
Andrew Lansley|I like starting off the new year fresh. I'm excited to see how 2013 turns out. Maybe because I'm an actress and I am always on a diet and fitness program, but my New Year's resolution is to let myself be nice to myself about my body.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With strong heart, you will survive life.
Sunday Adelaja|Everyone has his sphere of influence or territory in a society, which is a place where he is called to bring God’s presence
Mark Cantrell, Silas Morlock|AND where did the books go when the world turned against them? When the flames of wrath blackened their pages and erased the words, they fled to find solace and redemption in the dark places of the world.“They were exiled into darkness so their own light might one day return to illuminate the world. They went underground, literally and metaphorically, so that their haven became the hidden places far beneath the feet of their persecutors.“Thus was born the Incunabula: it was forged by fire and persecution, to preserve and protect until the book might rise, Phoenix-like, from the ashes of demise.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Painted Veil|Two bubbles found they had rainbows on their curves. They flickered out saying: "It was worth being a bubble, just to have held that rainbow thirty seconds.
Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!|He shrugged. - They're just people - he said. - They're just doing what people do. Sir.Lord Vetinari gave him a friendly smile.- Of course, of course - he said. - You have to believe that, I appreciate. Otherwise you'd go quite mad. Otherwise you'd think you're standing on a feather-thin bridge over the vaults of Hell. Otherwise existence would be a dark agony and the only hope would be that there is no life after death. I quite understand.
Guster, Guster: A Collection of Songs|Shining like a work of artHanging on a wall of starsAre you what I think you are?You're my satelliteYou're riding with me tonightPassenger side, lighting the skyAlways the first star that I findYou're my satelliteElevator to the moonWhistling our favorite tuneTrying to get a closer viewYou're my satelliteYou're riding with me tonightPassenger side, lighting the skyAlways the first star that I findYou're my satelliteMaybe you will always beJust a little out of reach
Marisha Pessl|There it is,” he’d say reverentially. “The box represents the mysterious threshold between reality and make-believe. [..] Because every one of us has our box, a dark chamber stowing the thing that lanced our heart. It contains what you do everything for, strive for, wound everything around you. And if it were opened, would anything be set free? No. For the impenetrable prison with the impossible lock is your own head.
Pierce Brown, Golden Son|Sometimes I wonder if he were raised a Red and I a Gold if he wouldn't have ended up a better man than I am now, and I a worse man than he ever could be.For some reason I think I could have been capable of great evil.
Julio Alexi Genao, When You Were Pixels|My skin hungered for you. You were warm, and alive, and in my bed, and I wanted you so bad I could feel the ripple of need on the pads of my fingertips, on the palms of my hands, on the skin of my back, at the base of my cock, inside my ass—I wanted the taste of you in my mouth.
Ibraheem Hamdi, The Cashmere Scarf|How complex, untrustworthy, and important our stories are. We will never tell you the true story of our lives.
Dada Bhagwan|As much longing for worldly happiness (of 5 senses) there is, that much less is the spiritual development.
Sunanda J. Chatterjee|Nettie, it quickly developed, had no gift for mothering. Many women have no gift for it. They mimic the recalled gestures and mannerisms of the women they’ve been trained to become and hope for the best.
Swami Vivekananda|You're forgiven."I don't deserve her."But not forgotten," I whisper. She'll never forget what I did. It's not humanly possible. Sometimes I want the impossible. Her expression doesn't change. "My head is undiscriminating with the memories it keeps, but my heart has already forgotten.
Ron Sen, The Verses of Life|Power of WordsEvery word that you speak,Will either make you feel strong or weak.When you use words, be aware,People who use the right words, well in life they fare.
Larry Moniz|The nose can’t help catchin’ what the ears get sick with. Yessir, rock bands just sweat evil. Evil’s been around for a long time, ever since rocks started getting real hot and making a lot of noise as they exploded out o’ the ground and evil spirits wisped out of hell. If a band ever uses a fog machine, hold your breath so you don’t become possessed by one.
Claire Betita de Guzman, Girl Meets World|But feelings aren't like thoughts, they can't be changed at will.
Erin Jamison, Better Than 8: Fantasy|Nessa held her arm up. She was staring at it, trying to gauge how big that was. “Dude, that’s as big as my arm. That’s like being f****d by a limb dude!” She wiggled her arm back and forth. “That's not normal.
C. Robert Cargill, Dreams and Shadows|The Universe is saying: Allow me to flow through you unrestricted, and you will see the greatest magic you have ever seen.
Jill Scott|People spend too much time finding other people to blame, too much energy finding excuses for not being what they are capable of being, and not enough energy putting themselves on the line, growing out of the past, and getting on with their lives.
Wendy Carlos|The important thing to remember, if you are trying something that is an innovation, is not to think too much about it. Because if you take too long, by the time you get there, the world will have changed. You take a risk, and if it doesn't work, you make a change. We are not betting our lives on it.
J.R. Ward, Lover Awakened|Can't you see, Amber? Losing you would be like a stake to my heart.
Cherise Sinclair, Make Me, Sir|Awww, that's sweet. Nothing says ‘I love you’ like a well-made implement of pain.
Debasish Mridha|This universe was created for the love, by the love, and with love.
Dianna Agron|I'll co-host 'TODAY' from Los Angeles Saturday morning and then make my way up to Merced for that evening's graduation ceremony. I'm still touching up my remarks, but my challenge to the Class of 2010 will be to break through the deafening and too often negative echo chamber of the digital era and become critical and independent thinkers.
Heather Fleener, Forsaken|The early worm catches the fishies and all, you know.
Simone Weil|He was expressing his certainty that my appeal would be granted, but I was carrying the burden of a sin from which I had to free myself. According to him, human justice was nothing and divine justice was everything. I pointed out it was the former that had condemned me.
Alexej Savreux, Eat Me & Other Short Poems|It is said with truth that every building is constructed stone by stone, and the same may be said of knowledge, extracted and compiled by many learned men, each of whom builds upon the works of those who proceeded him.
Tiger Woods|The knowledge of anything, since all things have causes, is not acquired or complete unless it is known by its causes.
Candice Accola|Travel is very subjective. What one person loves, another loathes.
Kevin Barry|He loved her in spite of her unlovableness. Armande had many trying, thought not necessarily rare, traits, all of which he accepted as absurd clues in a clever puzzle.
Jodi Picoult, The Storyteller|God has broken me in every way possible. I spent a year not caring, a year trying to figure out what I'd done to deserve it. and a year trying to make it right.
Melissa de la Cruz, The Van Alen Legacy|I didn't know if it was possible to kick someone hard enough to knock the cocky out of 'em, but for Rowan I was willing to try.
Blaise Pascal|To make a man a saint, it must indeed be by grace; and whoever doubts this does not know what a saint is, or a man.
William Clark|Boys, be ambitious. Be ambitious not for money, not for selfish aggrandizement, not for the evanescent thing which men call fame. Be ambitious for the attainment of all that a man can be.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|Every time I watch a person awaken to their inner strength, I see what we’re made of, and we’re magnificent. We’re brilliant. We really are. We crave magic because we are magic. We crave power because we are pure power.
Deyth Banger|I know your final destination, I suggest to change it. (Is it Okay??? (FINAL DESTINATION FILM) )
Akhil Sharma|May it be long before the people of the United States shall cease to take a deep and pervading interest in the Fourth of July, as the birthday of our national life, or the event which then occurred shall be subordinated to any other of our national history.
Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic|Age, that brings a dwindling to most forms of life, is at its most majestic in the trees. I have seen living olives that were planted when Caesar was in Gaul. I remember, in Illinois woods, a burr oak which was bent over as a sapling a hundred years ago, to mark an Indian portage trail, and the thews in that flexed bough were still in the prime of life. Compared to that, the strongest human sinew is feeble and quick to decay. Yet structure in both cases is cellular; life in both is protoplasmic. A tree drinks water as I do, and breathes oxygen. There is the difference that it exhales more oxygen than it consumes, so that it sweetens the air where it grows. It lays the dust and tempers the wind. Even when it is felled, it but enters on a new kind of life. Sawn and seasoned and finished, it lays bare the hidden beauty of its heart, in figures and grains more lovely than the most premeditated design. It is stronger, now, than it was in the living tree, and may bear great strains and take many shapes.
Jeffrey Fry|It's time to leave, though i've never really been arrived.
Natalia Jaster, Touch|She watches him for hours. She wants to be the sheets that cover his toes. She wants to be the ceiling separating him from the sky: above him, the first thing he sees before and after dreams. She wants to be the open window letting in the light for him.
E. Millicent Sowerby, Rare People and Rare Books|You don't sound like a scientist; you sound like a poet." Rey smiled. "Can I be both?" "But you'd rather be a poet.""Who wouldn't?" he said.
Robert M. Drake|Look deeper through the telescopeand do not be afraid when the starscollide towards the darkness,because sometimes the most beautifulthings begin in chaos.
Jay London|All I want to do is be a good dad, but I'm pretty bad at it.
Sade Andria Zabala|I used to arch my back for boys who couldn’t even remember the color of my bedsheets.But you, however, made me turnover the arch on my mouth.
Wilfred Thesiger|As life is a breath, savoring is a held exhale, a placeholder for joy.
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|Snakes hide in grass, people behind their lies.
Anonymous|A heavy gas generated by the fermentation of equally dense ideas, stupidity is the most common renewable source of energy, the easiest to extract, and the least costly, except when coupled with nuclear energy.
Clifford Cohen|Sometimes, if your opponent is determined to win the battle, let him win the wrong battle.
David Brazzeal, Pray Like a Gourmet: Creative Ways to Feed Your Soul|Is there something in your spirit that keeps telling you it should be different: more interesting, more engaging, more creative, more profound? Does your prayer life feel like you're eating the same food over and over every day - mixing the same ingredients but hoping for a new, more enticing dish?
Bryan Procter|I consider myself to have been the bridge between the shotgun and the binoculars in bird watching. Before I came along, the primary way to observe birds was to shoot them and stuff them.
Kerry Greenwood, Urn Burial|The early autumn sun glinted on the water, an enormous mirror ground to powder and scattered.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|The great paradox of life is that to fully live, we must let a piece of ourselves die.
Kazuya Minekura, Stigma|When he laughed in his throat, the butterfly laughed at me too. It's obscene fluttering corrupted me into darkness.
Donna Quesada, Buddha in the Classroom: Zen Wisdom to Inspire Teachers|When you blame, you open up a world of excuses, because as long as you're looking outside, you miss the opportunity to look inside, and you continue to suffer.
Orison Swett Marden|We're going to be OK because of the American people. They have more grit, determination and courage than you can imagine.
Frank Herbert|I wonder sometimes if the motivation for writers ought to be contempt, not admiration.
Emily Witt, Future Sex|It was the same old question, whether a declaration of purpose might protect you from failure.
Andy Paula|The human spirit collapses not when it is deprived of food but when it is denied a dream.- Andy Paula, LifeBeyondNumbers
Joshua Isard, Conquistador of the Useless|Organizing the books was a fun afternoon. We decided to put the thick hardback books, mostly intro. to philosophy textbooks and Norton literature anthologies, on the top shelves where they looked good but stayed out of reach since there's no reason for opening them ever again. Then we went by genre: mysteries, cozies, modernists, mountains, sci-fi, beloved childhood volumes, books we bought abroad, books required in school we couldn't sell back, books bought for us we'll read soon, books bought for us we have no intention of reading, books we want to read but are too long for a commitment with our current schedules...We're not really done with this organization, and I doubt we ever will be, but that's one great part about it.
Terri Windling|In older myths, the dark road leads downward into the Underworld, where Persephone is carried off by Hades, much against her will, while Ishtar descends of her own accord to beat at the gates of Hell. This road of darkness lies to the West, according to Native American myth, and each of us must travel it at some point in our lives. The western road is one of trials, ordeals, disasters and abrupt life changes — yet a road to be honored, nevertheless, as the road on which wisdom is gained. James Hillman, whose theory of 'archetypal psychology' draws extensively on Greco–Roman myth, echoes this belief when he argues that darkness is vital at certain periods of life, questioning our modern tendency to equate mental health with happiness. It is in the Underworld, he reminds us, that seeds germinate and prepare for spring. Myths of descent and rebirth connect the soul's cycles to those of nature.
Suzanne Rindell, The Other Typist|What was justice, after all, but a particular outcome?
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, The Illusion of "Truth": The Real Jesus Behind the Grand Myth|Various visionaries through time came to see with some degree of clarity that Oneness, that intrinsic connection between Self and experienced Reality.
George Eliot, Silas Marner|In old days there were angels who came and took men by the hand and led them away from the city of destruction. We see no white-winged angels now. But yet men are led away from threatening destruction: a hand is put into theirs, which leads them forth gently towards a calm and bright land, so that they look no more backward; and the hand may be a little child's.
DeMar DeRozan|Whatever you want to do, do with full passion and work really hard towards it. Don't look anywhere else. There will be a few distractions, but if you can be true to yourself, you will be successful for sure.
Bob Dylan|Charleston has something for everyone, rain or shine. Its architecture is unparalleled. Carriage rides are great for seeing the city and hearing the history behind certain houses and the area.
Philippa Gregory, The White Queen|He promised her that he would give her everything, everything she wanted, as men in love always do. And she trusted him despite herself, as women in love always do.
Magan Vernon, On Paper Wings|You just gotta love someone with full force, even if it hurts you. Even if you end up regretting it, at least you gave it your all.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|If you fear doing something, don’t discourage others who are doing it.
Marlon James, A Brief History of Seven Killings|Miss Betsy is looking at me. Some jealousy sure, but every woman have that in them
RSM|Hume hummed in his head. Reason versus passion- David versus Goliath. Let the Goliath win for one last time. But the world is full of the Davids, the begging bastards, passing of their defeat as a win over the favorites. Why the world sides with the under-doggies. A favorite is nobody's favorite, but one's one. As if he has to pay a toll tax for his tolls.
Megan Mitcham, Enemy Mine|She lost herself in the kiss, moving her body against his, her excitement rising, the tension inside her spinning tighter and tighter.
T.S. Eliot, The Waste Land and Other Poems|There is no water, so things are bad. If there were water, it would be better. But there is no water.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Guard your heart and mind against double-minded pretentious beings. Do not allow infiltration beyond the surface. If their influence travels on the inside, they become like an incurable disease.
E.M.Bounds|The ministry of prayer, if it be anything worthy of the name, is a ministry of ardor, a ministry of unwearied and intense longing after God and after his holiness.
John C. Maxwell, The Success Journey: The Process of Living Your Dreams|Your Majesty, I'm afraid everything that could possibly go wrong is going wrong," said Major Sir Michael Parker, an impresario for royal events with an expertise in pyrotechnics. "Oh good, what fun!" she replied with a smile.
John Okechukwu Munonye, A Wreath For The Maidens|We should, I think, proceed to enquire into what we mean by ideals - or rather, to examine, critically, the nature of those acts which to us appear to be outward manifestations of idealisms
Quetzal|Somewhere in the sun-washed space between Southern California’s hills of sand and the present desolate volcanic sprawl I was crossing, my legs had strengthened, but – invisibly – so had my will. The wisdom of my body had cultivated vibrantly since those sadness-drunken months after the rape when I’d felt so numbed by the hurt and shame that I didn’t move further. No longer.
Emil M. Cioran|I try--without success--to stop finding reasons for vanity in anything. When I happen to manage it nonetheless, I feel that I no longer belong to the mortal gang. I am above everything then, above the gods themselves. Perhaps that is what death is: a sensation of great, of extreme superiority. 
Stephen King, Misery|I’m going crazy, Louis thought wonderingly. Wheeeeee!
Austin Mahone|The first glimpse I had of what Mario Batali's friends had described to me as the 'myth of Mario' was on a cold Saturday night in January 2002, when I invited him to a birthday dinner.
Sarah Bessey, Jesus Feminist: An Invitation to Revisit the Bible’s View of Women|There are women’s voices that sound like poetic, unearthly echoes. Then they change. The eyes change. I believe that all these legends about people changing into animals at night – like the stories of the werewolf, for instance – were invented by men who saw women transformed at night – from idealized, worshipful creatures into animals and thought that they were possessed.
Richard Pryor|You can't talk about fucking in America, people say you're dirty. But if you talk about killing somebody, that's cool.
Shawn Achor, The Happiness Advantage: The Seven Principles of Positive Psychology That Fuel Success and Performance at Work|On GOALSETTING: "I don't enjoy talking about what I am GOING to DO. I prefer to let folks find out what I've DONE.
Madeleine Albright|Turnaround or growth, it's getting your people focused on the goal that is still the job of leadership.
Lisa Kleypas, Secrets of a Summer Night|I spent most of my youth hauling sides of beef and pork to my father's shop. Carrying you is far more enjoyable.""How sweet," Annabelle mumbled sickly, her eyes closed. "Every woman dreams of being told that she's preferable to a dead cow.
Justin Wetch, Bending The Universe|It is a terrible, wretched thing to love someone whom you know cannot love you. There are things that are more dreadful. There are many human pains more grievous. And yet it remains both terrible and wretched. Like so many things, it is insoluble.
Joe Elliott|My heroes are guys like Tom Hanks, Leonardo DiCaprio, and Matt Damon. These are amazing actors with amazing careers that every actor should aspire to. I'm not saying I'm going to get anywhere close. It's not going to be an easy feat. I'm just in awe of their careers.
Agnes Martin|I don’t believe in influence. I think that in order to be an artist, you have to move. When you stop moving, then you’re no longer an artist. And if you move from somebody else’s position, you simply cannot know the next step. I think that everyone is on his own line. I think that after you’ve made one step, the next step reveals itself. I believe that you were born on this line. I don’t say that the actual footsteps were marked before you get to them, and I don’t say that change isn’t possible in your course. But I do believe we unfold out of ourselves, and we do what we are born to do sooner or later, anyway.
Theodora Goss, The Strange Case of the Alchemist's Daughter|What could women accomplish if they did not have to continually mind their skirts, keep them from dragging in the mud or getting trampled on the steps of an omnibus? If they had pockets! With pockets, women could conquer the world!
Daniel Webster|Life, in my estimation, is a biological misadventure that we terminate on the shoulders of six strange men whose only objective is to make a hole in one with you.
Amy Joy, The Academie|i'm wiz a girl,i call her name 10 times before you breathe once ,it's not majic,it's not logic ,it's just a love!
Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa, The Leopard|If we want things to stay as they are, things will have to change.
Tamora Pierce, Alanna: The First Adventure|We're men, and men aren't born to stand alone.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Frank stared at him. "Unfair? You can breathe underwater and blow up glaciers and summon freaking hurricanes-and it's unfair that I can be an elephant?"Percy considered. "Okay. I guess you got a point. But the next time I say you're totally beast-""Just shut up," Frank said. "Please."Percy cracked a smile.
Ellen J. Barrier|I know that our world is going through a very difficult time right now, but I will never lose my faith in humanity, and our incredible ability to overcome just about anything.
Bruce Feiler|If you tell your own story to your children - that includes your positive moments and your negative moments, and how you overcame them - you give your children the skills and the confidence they need to feel like they can overcome some hardship that they've felt.
Sara Sheridan, The Secret Mandarin|A real person, profoundly as we may sympathize with him, is in a great measure perceptible only through our senses, that is to say, remains opaque, presents a dead weight which our sensibilities have not the strength to lift. If some misfortune comes to him, it is only in one small section of the complete idea we have of him that we are capable of feeling any emotion; indeed it is only in one small section of the complete idea he has of himself that he is capable of feeling any emotion either.
John Cameron Mitchell|In rock and roll, homosexuality was accepted, but it was less cool to say it.
Caroline Adderson, Sitting Practice: A Novel|The golden rule of business is supply and demand. I venture to say that this is also the rule of happiness. When a balance is achieved between our desires and another's willingness to satisfy them, the result is a sympathetic, mutually rewarding relationship. (...) a thriving economy of love.' - character Mike Lambeth
Ilona Andrews, Bayou Moon|He’d spent the night in the boat. Next to the spaghetti queen.William glanced at the hobo girl. She sat across from him, huddled in a clump. Her stench had gotten worse overnight, probably from the dampness. Another night like the last one, and he might snap and dunk her into that river just to clear the air.She saw him looking. Dark eyes regarded him with slight scorn.William leaned forward and pointed at the river. “I don’t know why you rolled in spaghetti sauce,” he said in a confidential voice. “I don’t really care. But that water over there won’t hurt you. Try washing it off.”She stuck her tongue out.“Maybe after you’re clean,” he said.Her eyes widened. She stared at him for a long moment. A little crazy spark lit up in her dark irises. She raised her finger, licked it, and rubbed some dirt off her forehead.Now what?The girl showed him her stained finger and reached toward him slowly, aiming for his face.“No,” William said. “Bad hobo.”The finger kept coming closer.
Alexandra Daddario|There is nothing better than a really cool mystery: you don't know what's going to happen, so you keep turning those pages or watching that series.
marge baylin|Once upon a time, you were everything to me..and I was everything to you.
Mark Crispin Miller|There's a phenomenology of being sick, one that depends on temperament, personal history, and the culture which we live in.
Ezra Miller|Now listen, the one thing about agriculture is we've lost our manufacturing, we've lost a great deal of jobs overseas, lots of our industry. The last thing in the world we need to do is lose the ability to produce our food.
Kate Messner, The Brilliant Fall of Gianna Z.|I thought that when I spilled one secret, the rest would come tumbling after, but openness is a habit you form over time, and not a switch you flip whenever you want to, I'm finding.
Samuel Richardson, Pamela; or, Virtue Rewarded|The Atheist waits for proof of God. Till that proof comes he remains, as his name implies, without God. His mind is open to every new truth, after it has passed the warder Reason at the gate.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Find a new and better leader within yourself, for yourself.
Jane Seymour|I've always made weird sounds with my mouth. I've always been fascinated by the sound design, what you can do with your mouth. I was the kid dancing around in third grade on the basketball court. While everyone would be playing sports, I would be jumping around.
Trevor D. Richardson, Dystopia Boy: The Unauthorized Files|Listen in close, Wall Street Conquistadors, you’re spreading like vapor up through people’s floors, you’re moving en masse under the cracks of our doors and grabbing our children to work in your stores, feeding the needy to make them your whores, but you need to remember the grave you’re digging is yours.
A. Lee Martinez, Gil's All Fright Diner|When she had died, his anchor was gone and the world had burned from his untethered insanity.
Jesse Ventura|But liberty, as we all know, cannot flourish in a country that is permanently on a war footing, or even a near-war footing. Permanent crisis justifies permanent control of everybody and everything by the agencies of the central government.
Casimir Funk, Die Vitamine: Ihre Bedeutung Fur Die Physiologie Und Pathologie|By choosing our path, we choose our destination.
A.R. Von, Envy's Curse|What you read, and what you have watched and what you have listened is just the few from all... You haven't saw everything!?
David Mixner|All the seven deadly sins are man's true nature. To be greedy. To be hateful. To have lust. Of course, you have to control them, but if you're made to feel guilty for being human, then you're going to be trapped in a never-ending sin-and-repent cycle that you can't escape from.
Sunday Adelaja|Only in a state of solitude, when you willingly stay face to face with God, can He help you to open yourself, and show the impurities preventing you from moving forward and help you to identify your unique gift, life mission and destination
John O'Donohue|But the gravest difficulty, and perhaps the most important, in poetry meant solely for recitation, is the difficulty of achieving verbal beauty, or rather of making verbal beauty tell.
Charlotte Joko Beck|We fail even if we do our best, because our best is someone else’s good.
Mary Oliver, Owls and Other Fantasies: Poems and Essays|I want to think again of dangerous and noble things. I want to be light and frolicsome. I want to be improbable beautiful and afraid of nothing, as though I had wings.
W.H. Auden|To read is to translate, for no two persons' experiences are the same. A bad reader is like a bad translator: he interprets literally when he ought to paraphrase and paraphrases when he ought to interpret literally.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races|I stare at him. "You can't risk not winning. Not because of me." Sean doesn't lift his eyes from the counter. "We make our move when you make yours. You on the inside, me on the outside. Corr can come from the middle of the pack; he's done it before. It's one side you won't have to worry about." I say, "I will not be your weakness, Sean Kendrick." Now he looks at me. He says, very softly, "It's late for that, Puck.
Julio Pereira, THOUGHTS FROM THE HOSPITAL: 1|Work, he said, was a first-rate medicine for any illness.
Isaac Watts, The Improvement of the Mind to Which Are Added a Discourse on the Education of Children|Once a day, especially in the early years of life and study, call yourselves to an account what new ideas, what new proposition or truth you have gained, what further confirmation of known truths, and what advances you have made in any part of knowledge.
Maureen Eguia|The fact is, when people choose to be brave instead of smart, their courage is generally so threatening to those who are smart rather than brave that they end up being maligned, not congratulated. This is what the Bible says we can expect.
Sally Brampton, Shoot the Damn Dog: A Memoir of Depression|Wanting to die (or 'suicidal ideation'as the experts would have it) goes hand in hand with the illness. It is a symptom of severe depression, not a character failing or moral flaw. Nor is it, truly, a desire to die so much as a fervent wish not to go on living. All depressives understand that distinction.
Wordions|My heart was crazy now; it's too complicated to know what it was beating for, and how much of it was him and how much of it was the hunting - I think I cared about the deer that got shot - but it didn't matter then. Something was there and its source was irrelevant. It was so easy to feel nothing, all the time, and I held on as hard as I could, because the worst thing, I thought, now, would be for it to go away.
Kelly Moran, Return to Me|All of these people, it was as if they were all turning to gold, all marked with an invisible X on their foreheads, as of course we are, too, the place and time yet to be determined. Yes, we are burning down; time is disintegrating.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|To wish was to hope, and to hope was to expect.
Alice Hoffman, The River King|We walk up the beach under the stars. We feel stretched, expanded to take in their compass. They pour into us until we are filled with stars, up to the brim.This is what one thirsts for, I realize, after the smallness of the day, of work, of details, of intimacy—even of communication, one thirsts for the magnitude and universality of a night full of stars, pouring into one like a fresh tide.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The confidence we have in God and in ourselves, gives us the courage to dare great things.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Windy Poplars|...sleep is a skilled magician, it changes the proportions of things, the distances between them, it separates people and they're lying next to each other, brings them together and they can barely see one another...
Terry Pratchett, The Last Hero|As long as we know what it's about, then we can have the courage to go wherever we are asked to go, even if we fear that the road may take us through danger and pain.
Narcotics Anonymous|Do we really want to be rid of our resentments, our anger, our fear? Many of us cling to our fears, doubts, self-loathing or hatred because there is a certain distorted security in familiar pain. It seems safer to embrace what we know than to let go of it for fear of the unknown. (Narcotics Anonymous Book/page 33)
Dieter F. Uchtdorf|The genuine realist, if he is an unbeliever, will always find strength and ability to disbelieve in the miraculous, and if he is confronted with a miracle as an irrefutable fact he would rather disbelieve his own senses than admit the miraculous also.
Sixeye|Music heals the soul, we kneel to the fallen.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|He had always thought that hell would be hot. But here they were, right inside the mouth of it, and it was freezing.
Shel Silverstein, A Light in the Attic|I love you in my very own way.Like a stone loves the mosses around itLike a sea loves the pebbles in itLike a coincidence...Taking you as the way you are,With all the bruises, scars and broken parts all around you and your heart.I love you in my very own wayBy throwing the stone, the mosses, the sea and the pebbles to your headLike i want to kill you.Just because of envying the love That my heart spend on you.
Ellen P. Lacter|I'm beginning to think you're the sort of person who does a great deal with very little."He meant a liar.
Stephen King, Joyland|When you care for someone, you don't ruin their life!
Laurie Halse Anderson, Wintergirls|I am beginning to measure myself in strength, not pounds. Sometimes in smiles.
Andreas J. Kostenberger, Encountering John: The Gospel in Historical, Literary, and Theological Perspective|Who do people say the Son of Man is? ...But what about you? Who do you say I am?' (Mt 16:13,15). In the end, people's answer to this question will be the only thing that matters; it alone will determine people's eternal destiny.
Francis de Sales|I could have married again while I was still young. A congregation likes to have a married minister, and I was introduced to every niece and sister-in-law in a hundred miles. In retrospect, I'm very grateful for whatever reluctance it was that kept me alone until your mother came. Now that I look back, it seems to me that in all that deep darkness a miracle was preparing. So I am right to remember it as a blessed time, and myself as waiting in confidence, even if I had no idea what I was waiting for.
Michael Bassey Johnson|In [David] Douglas's success in life ... his great activity, undaunted courage, singular abstemiousness, and energetic zeal, at once pointed him out as an individual eminently calculated to do himself credit as a scientific traveler.
Salman Rushdie, Joseph Anton: A Memoir|A closed book will lie there like a dead horse. But an open book will kick, buck, and bolt through perceived adventures like a wild and free stallion. So hold on.
Jacqueline Kelly, The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate|One day I would have all the books in the world, shelves and shelves of them. I would live my life in a tower of books. I would read all day long and eat peaches. And if any young knights in armor dared to come calling on their white chargers and plead with me to let down my hair, I would pelt them with peach pits until they went home.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greater the wisdom,the greater the mind.The greater the courage,the greater the heart.The greater the love,the greater the soul.
James Laughlin|I think that the job of poetry, its political job, is to refresh the idea of justice, which is going dead in us all the time.
Ann Marlowe|It was painful to contemplate the distance between the future of accomplishment I'd imagined for myself twenty years earlier...it was painful to understand that the cushion of exceptionality invoked by the drug had made me oblivious to my inertia. And it was painful to have to define myself again, at an age when most people are happy in their own skins.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|Bree blinked her tears back and shook her head. “Wow. Then I guess you really are your father’s son, huh?” “You have no idea,” Alessandro snapped before leaving. Part of her wanted to run after him but a stronger part of her knew he wouldn’t listen to anything she had to say while the red haze was still burning inside of him. He wanted a fight. She’d give him one
Tanya Masse, Stairway to Awesomeness!: 30 Fundamental Steps to Living a Life of Awesomeness!|Your opinion should always be based on what you have seen with your own eyes, what you have heard with your own ears and what you have felt with your own heart.
Hazim Bangwar|Don't take life to seriously, its not like you're going to get out alive! #Life
Richard Matheson, The Shrinking Man|This, he knew, was courage, the truest, ultimate courage, because there was no one here to sympathize or praise him for it. What he felt was felt without the hope of commendation.
Deyth Banger|During the early days of Franco's tenure with Harry Alan Towers (1967-1969) there was an occasion, oft remarked upon, when one film (The Girl From Rio) finished shooting a week early, and rather than send the crew home Towers and Franco hastily wrote a new script over the weekend (99 Women), and began shooting it on the Monday. In this case the arrangement was made with the full cooperation of the producer. But did the experience suggest to Franco a possible way of working in the future? After all, 99 Women, conceived in a rush and made without deliberation, went on to become one of Franco's biggest grossing films of all time, spending weeks in the upper reaches of the Variety chart.
Vicktor Alexander, A Very Tate Christmas|To have self confidence is great, but to maintain self confidence is even greater
Jawaharlal Nehru|I have always served the public to the best of my ability. Why? Because, like every other man, it is to my interest to do so.
Toni Morrison|My girl, always hated frogs,” Jackie stated when she’d controlled her hilarity.“That’s right, Mom,” Feb leveled her irate eyes at her mother, “I’m a girl therefore I hate frogs. I’d get kicked out of the girl club if I didn’t.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|And if you are a mom who has watched your child’s father leave, my heart goes out to you. I also pray that you had no part in it. I pray that you didn’t make it impossible for him while he was there. I pray that you didn’t try and force him to live up to impossible expectations. And, I pray that if he is a good man and he wants to be there in his child’s life that you love your child enough to let him. Even if that seems impossible to you.
Chloe Thurlow, Sophie's Secret|People dance because dance can change things. One move, can bring people together. One move, can make you believe like there's something more. One move, can set a whole generation free.
Aaron W. Matthews|Stop sleeping, Get to work! You will have much time to sleep when you die.
David Levithan, Are We There Yet?|Do you wonder why we wander?” Cal had asked.It was the night of the first snow; you could hear the branches bending and the iciclesfalling outside the window, beyond the wall.They were warmth together. They were hot breath and blankets and wrapping themselves
Katie  Maxwell, Bedside Manners: A Practical Guide to Visiting the Ill|Pray for the courage to cope, for understanding, and for acceptance of God’s plan. Pray for strength for the family and loved ones. Pray that the medical team will have the knowledge and compassion to do the best job that they can. Pray for peace and calmness and healing for the emotions, the spirit, and the body. Give thanks.
Dalton Trumbo|You're not just going out there, maybe sacrificing your own life. There's also sacrifices still going on at home. You can serve in the military and have a good marriage, but you just need to be aware of it so you can take those steps to take care of it.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|What was it like to lose him?" Asked Sorrow. There was a long pause before I responded:It was like hearing every goodbye ever said tome—said all at once.
Abbi Glines, Never Too Far|You’re driving me crazy, Blaire. Insane, baby. Fucking insane,
Onyi Anyado|To become a distinguished entrepreneur, you need to have an undeniable, unquestionable and unmovable passion for your vision.
Sándor Márai, Embers|But at some point you have to make peace with what you were given and if God wanted me to be a shy girl with think, dark hair, He would have made me that way, but He didn't. Useful, then, might be to accept how I was made and embody myself fully therein.
Elizabeth Rusch|Writing is like bungee jumping for the soul...you take a deep breath, plunge into the abyss and hope the rope tethering you to the real world doesn't snap.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Let truth be told. The more we allow water to be controlled, bottled and sold — the more we sell the security of our sons, daughters and souls. He who controls the water, controls us all. Water is the true gold.
Phil Volatile, Crushed Black Velvet|and tonight we held each other, one last time,like a dance to aslow songon an empty floor, underneath a singledisco ballin front of no oneat all
Jeremy Aldana|The secret must stay and- according to scientists- the love will live. The heart is quite comfortable with secrets. After all, its home is a dark wet place tucked in among all the other organs who aren't talking either.
Michael Card|मय्यावेश्य मनो ये मां नित्ययुक्ता उपासते।श्रद्धया परयोपेतास्ते मे युक्ततमा मताः॥॥१२- २॥Best but all are those that be,Absorved in My full faith truly,Devote themselves but absolutely,To My worship - ever diligently.12. 2
Oliver Goldsmith, The Citizen of the World, Or, Letters from a Chinese Philosopher, Residing in London, to His Friends in the Country, by Dr. Goldsmith|Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Edward Frenkel|What if at school you had to take an art class in which you were only taught how to pain a fence? What if you were never shown the paintings of Leonardo da Vinci and Picasso? Would that make you appreciate art? Would you want to learn more about it? I doubt it...Of course this sounds ridiculous, but this is how math is taught.
Alan Watts|Karma is experience, and experience creates memory, and memory creates imagination and desire, and desire creates karma again. If I buy a cup of coffee, that's karma. I now have that memory that might give me the potential desire for having cappuccino, and I walk into Starbucks, and there's karma all over again.
Rebekkah Ford, Beyond the Eyes|I know Matt is your friend, but I think he’s a douche bag.
Robert H. Schuller|Every stumble is not a fall, and every fall does not mean failure.
Debasish Mridha|Through pictures, we can imagine and visualize the reflection of the beauties which our eyes can’t see.
Criss Jami, Healology|Where everyone wants to be a leader, it makes one a follower to want to be a leader, and a leader to know what to follow.
David R. Smock, Interfaith Dialogue and Peacebuilding|The fact that religions, which usually have at their core a promotion of tolerance and peace, have been exploited to carry out violence clearly indicates that individuals and groups have not discovered the true "peace message" that is inherent in almost every religion. (by Cilliers, Ch. 3, p. 55)
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness and Selected Short Fiction|I have discovered that the world over, unusual weather prevails at all times of the year.
Pat Shand, Destiny, NY, Volume One: Who I Used to Be|It's a new world, sweetie. We build our own destinies.
Katie Douglas|If chaos is a masterpiece,Then you should see my heart.If battle scars are beautiful,Then I'm a work of art.
Yara Greathouse, Unavoidable|When you are committed to live your life being true to yourself, you need to free your feelings in order to experience all that life has to offer. If you try to control your feelings, there is no doubt that the life you are living is merely a lie.
Ashwin Sanghi, The Sialkot Saga|It [the Quit India Resolution] was very far from being the Gita, but like Gita it suffered from flood of explanations, commentaries, and interpretations.
Harrison Scott Key, The World's Largest Man: A Memoir|. . . because we cannot conceive that as we grow up our own minds will become so enlarged and elevated that we ourselves shall then regard as trifling those objects and pursuits we now so fondly cherish, and that, though our companions will no longer join us in those childish pastimes, they will drink with us at other fountains of delight, and mingle their souls with ours in higher aims and nobler occupations beyond our present comprehension, but not less deeply relished or less truly good for that, while yet both we and they remain essentially the same individuals as before.
Rosanna Pansino|As an Asian-American actor, I believe it is important to never settle for the status quo. I feel a responsibility to do everything in my power to create positive perceptions of Asian Americans through my work.
Rupert Sheldrake|What I do is not rocket science, but I sure do love it.
David    Allen|He lived in terror of, well, becoming ordinary.
Bill Maher, The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass|All cultures have things to learn from all other cultures. Don’t get stuck in your culture! Go beyond it! Get out of your aquarium; get out of your farm; get out of your castle; break your bell jar! Give chance to other cultures and to other opinions! This is the best way for you to see the insufficiencies, absurdities and stupidities in your culture!
Emma Stone|Football is a simple game. Twenty-two men chase a ball for 90 minutes and at the end, the Germans always win.
Phillips Brooks|If we do not voluntarily bring population growth under control in the next one or two decades, the nature will do it for us in the most brutal way, whether we like it or not.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|If all I had was all that money could buy, I'd be bankrupt!" EL
Hans Urs von Balthasar|You mean the day they stop needing the church," Vittoria challenged, moving toward him. "Doubt is your last shred of control. It is doubt that brings souls to you. Our need to know that life has meaning. Man's insecurity and need for an enlightened soul assuring him everything is part of a master plan. But the church is not the only enlightened soul on the planet! We all seek God in different ways. What are you afraid of? That God will show himself somewhere other than inside these walls? That people will find him in their own lives and leave your antiquated rituals behind? Religions evolve! The mind finds answers, the heart grapples with new truths. My father was on your quest! A parallel path! Why couldn't you see that? God is not some omnipotent authority looking down from above, threatening to throw us into a pit of fire if we disobey. God is the energy that flows through the synapses of our nervous system and the chambers of our hearts! God is in all things!
Tony C. Skye|Living in the past is always a bad idea; yet, on some level I believe the ones we love, even though not part of our present, are the very definition of who we are, the driving force of what we aspire to be, and at the end of the day, the past we must look to in order to improve who we will become. After all, we do not learn from what has not happened, but what has been, and what we will choose to keep or leave behind. Friendship, true friendship is never blind, but it holds the value of forgiveness - separating what we may or may have not done within the realm of mistakes....seeking the outcome of making us into better people.
Bob Corker|Too often, Indian tribes are at the mercy of the shifting political winds of State government.
Michael D. O'Brien|When his wife died, for a while it was the end of the world, because part of him had died with her. As the long, slow recovery proceeded, he had gratefully and guiltily accepted the return of equilibrium. But he had not paid attention to a parallel phenomenon: his reversion to what he had been before his marriage. Though changed by whatever he had learned during their years together, and by whatever healing had taken place, he had fallen back into the old patterns of withdrawal. Nursing the dreadful wound of her absence, he had failed to notice the subtler void opening up within himself.
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|Once I had been introduced to depression, I realized if I wanted to help my friend and preserve our friendship, I needed to understand what the illness was all about.
Nicholas Sparks, Three Weeks With My Brother|When you chase a dream, you learn about yourself. You learn your capabilities and limitations, and the value of hard work and persistence.
Lewis Carroll|Alice laughed. 'There's no use trying,' she said. 'One can't believe impossible things.'I daresay you haven't had much practice,' said the Queen. 'When I was your age, I always did it for half-an-hour a day. Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast. There goes the shawl again!
Kenneth Lonergan|Many of us are experiencing a phase of change, shedding outdated patterns and liberating ourselves from the old by moving on to the new. The year 2012 is an important one for mankind, a pivotal year. The potential for this exists in the mere fact that the majority of us are yearning for change.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|Enough about my beauty," Buttercup said. "Everybody always talks about how beautiful I am. I've got a mind, Westley. Talk about that.
John Patrick Hickey, All You Have Is Now: How Your Approach to the World Determines Your Destiny|If you want to achieve success, there cannot be a Plan B.
Paul Russell, The Coming Storm|To obtain and possess the kingdoms of the world, with their power and glory, by violent injustice is to worship Satan. To obtain and possess the kingdom, the power, and the glory by nonviolent justice is to worship God.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Let's stop discussing about who a wise person is and start learning to become wise persons. Begin acquiring knowledge at the very moment you discover that there is something called "knowledge"!
William S. Burroughs|I think that everything should be made available to everybody, and I mean LSD, cocaine, codeine, grass, opium, the works. Nothing on earth available to any man should be confiscated and made unlawful by other men in more seemingly powerful and advantageous positions.
J.D. Robb|Conjugation of the irregular verb “to design”:I create, You interfere, He gets in the way.We cooperate, You obstruct, They conspire.
Sofia Kovalevskaya|I found that people like rules, and I love to tell people what to do. It's not rocket science when it comes to weight loss. It's about eating a little less and moving a little bit more.
Christopher Hampton|Who you are as a person will only be amplified once you are 'famous,' so if you had a good heart, then I would imagine you'll have the same good heart but the means to do even more with it.
Mizuki Nomura, Book Girl and the Suicidal Mime|So then do you think it's true that he killed someone? And what about the part where he wishes he could die?""If it IS true that he killed someone, that's bad."In any case, "it seems like something is bothering Shuji" was now a contender for the Understatement of the Century.
Janet Autherine|In the reflected gaze of his (her husband's) steady admiration, she saw the face of the girl he had fallen in love with.
Warren Buffett|If you’re in the luckiest one per cent of humanity, you owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the other 99 per cent.
James Corden|People say: 'Oh, but would you be happy for your show to go on BBC3 if it was just online?' If I was sat here telling you I had just signed a huge deal with Netflix you'd be going: 'Wow, that's amazing.' You can't see it as 'Oh, it's no longer a channel because it's not on TV.'
Monica Crowley|Civil and political rights are critical, but not often the real problem for the destitute sick. My patients in Haiti can now vote but they can't get medical care or clean water.
Marty Meehan|I look forward to working with our leadership team to advance the causes of smaller government, lower taxes, eliminating terrorism, and providing affordable health care, among other issues.
Marie Lu, Champion|June laughs. "I have to say, you look better than most people I see. I've heard a lot about you.""I hear about you a lot too," Eden replies in a rush, "mostly from Daniel. He thinks you're really hot.
Sally Gardner|Every time Nyx thought she’d gotten out of the business of killing boys, she shot another one.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|What rubs off on me is hard to rub off. So, I’d better figure out what I rubbing up against.
Jim Benton, Okay, So Maybe I Do Have Superpowers|I'm telling you, the gorgeous of the world can actually look pretty intimidating when they scowl. Imagine a snow-white swan with a scary tattoo holding a chain saw. There's just no way to really prepare for that.
Petina Gappah, An Elegy for Easterly: Stories|He didn't need someone to fix the problem - there was no fixing it. He needed someone to acknowledge his feelings. Accept his pain. Agree that his heart was broken, and that it should be. And that it might stay broken for a long, long time.
Charles Bukowski, Women|If you ever know a man who tries to drown his sorrows, kindly inform him his sorrows know how to swim.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|I may be a burglar...but I'm an honest one, I hope, more or less.
Jon Hamm|And I remember leaving my place in L.A. and - my father is a big fight fan - and I said, 'Dad, I got a couple of days off and I'm getting ready to go to Houston to sign to fight Muhammad Ali.
William Rabkin, A Mind is a Terrible Thing to Read|When Maimonides says that the Messiah will come but that 'he may tarry,' we see the origin of every Jewish shrug from Spinoza to Woody Allen.
David Packard|Bliss is the ocean, a towel on the sand, the sun out, the chance to swim in waves or walk dragging a stick behind you, a good book, a cold drink.
Buddha|It's always difficult to say goodbye, especially when one has spent a long time - literally years, in the case of a series - inside a character or two, suffering and celebrating with them.
Compton Gage|My grief were thoroughly weighed, and my calamity laid in the balances together! For now it would be heavier than the sand of the desert.
Brendan I. Koerner|I have a pickup truck. And I prefer to be with dogs or on my sailboat than in a car - actually, more than any other place on Earth.
Ehsan Sehgal|The Glasshobs built it to keep an eye on the stars, who have a tendency to run off on adventures and forget about how much we down-below folks need to navigate and cast horoscopes and meet lovers on balconies.
Willard Van Orman Quine|Beneath the uniformity that unites us in communication there is a chaotic personal diversity of connections, and, for each of us, the connections continue to evolve. No two of us learn our language alike, nor, in a sense, does any finish learning it while he lives.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|TO the States or any one of them, or any city of the States, Resist much, obey little, Once unquestioning obedience, once fully enslaved,Once fully enslaved, no nation, state, city of this earth, ever after-ward resumes its liberty.
Lisa Kleypas, Sugar Daddy|Captain?""Yeah?""Do you think it was destiny that brought us together?"He squinted and, after a thoughtful moment, shook his head. "No. I'm pretty sure it was Cinder.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.|Real freedom is creative, proactive, and will take me into new territories. I am not free if my freedom is predicated on reacting to my past.
Franz Wisner, How the World Makes Love: . . . And What It Taught a Jilted Groom|It’s a great honor, m’ijo. We know that. I’m sure everyone in Ysleta is proud of you. But this is who you are," she said, for a moment scanning the dark night air and the empty street. A cricket chirped in the darkness. "God help you when you go to this ‘Havid.’ You will be so far away from us, from everything you know. You will be alone. What if something happens to you? Who’s going to help you? But you always wanted to be alone; you were always so independent, so stubborn.""Like you.
Inger Iversen, Running in the Dark|Of course when she finally found someone that listened to her, understood her, and was motivated by her to do better with himself, he had to be a vampire that was sent to kill her and then her father.
Richard Matheson, I Am Legend and Other Stories|He likes to know things. He checks out book and record collections when he visits people, looks in medicine cabinets, takes inventory in refrigerators. He eaves drops on conversations at public phone booths. He reads murder victims' mail.
Jean Houston|It's queer how ready people always are with advice in any real or imaginary emergency, and no matter how many times experience has shown them to be wrong, they continue to set forth their opinions, as if they had received them from the Almighty!
Adam-Troy Castro, Alien Contact|How did I make a living? I haven't. I have eked out an existence." - Ella Baker
Carol Rifka Brunt, Tell the Wolves I'm Home|When people mentioned it to me, they thought they were talking about some casual relative of mine. For most people that's what an uncle was. They had no idea how I felt about Finn. No idea that hearing them talk about AIDS, like that was the important part of the story--more important than who Finn was, or how much I loved him, or how much he was still breaking my heart every single hour of every single day--made me want to scream.
Helen Steiner Rice|When you ask God for a gift, Be thankful if he sends, Not diamonds, pearls or riches, but the love of real true friends.
Mario Bunge, Philosophy in Crisis: The Need for Reconstruction|Thinking about language, while thinking _in_ language, leads to puzzles and paradoxes.
John Ciardi, The Monster Den: or Look What Happened at My House — and to It|And the time sundials tellMay be minutes and hours. But it may just as wellBe seconds and sparkles, or seasons and flowers.No, I don't think of time as just minutes and hours.Time can be heartbeats, or bird songs, or miles,Or waves on a beach, or ants in their files(They do move like seconds—just watch their feet go:Tick-tick-tick, like a clock). You'll learn as you growThat whatever there is in a garden, the sunCounts up on its dial. By the time it is doneOur sundial—or someone's— will certainly addAll the good things there are. Yes, and all of the bad.And if anyone's here for the finish, the sunWill have told him—by sundial—how well we have done.How well we have done, or how badly. Alas,That is a long thought. Let me hope we all pass.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|Be good at the depth of you, and you will discover that those who surround you will be good even to the same depths. Nothing responds more infallibly to the secret cry of goodness than the secret cry of goodness that is near. While you are actively good in the invisible, all those who approach you will unconsciously do things that they could not do by the side of any other man.
Eowyn Ivey, The Snow Child|He felt himself now, as he had often fancied other people, adrift on the stream, and far removed from control of it, a man with no grasp upon circumstances any longer. Old battered man loafing at the doors of public-houses now seemed to be his fellows, and he felt, as he supposed them to feel, a mingling of envy and hatred towards those who passed quickly and certainly to a goal of their own. They, too, saw things very thin and shadowy, and were wafted about by the lightest breath of wind. For the substantial world, with its prospect of avenues leading on and on to the invisible distance, had slipped from him.
Jack Buck|In politics, as in physics, every reaction is met with an equal and opposite reaction.
Rachel  Harris, Accidentally Married on Purpose|That girl's heart is bigger than Texas." Her eyes narrowed. "And it's as tender as a baby's butt. You take care with it, you hear?
Compton Gage|If I have found favor in thy sight, and if it be possible, and if I be meet therefore, shew me then whether there be more to come than is past, or more past than is to come.
Orrin Woodward, LIFE|Success, for most people, requires unlearning as much as learning.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Nervousness always provokes mistakes, and mistakes lead to easy convictions.
Shannon L. Alder|I don’t understand hospital chaplains that try to rob my patients of their anger. Sometimes anger is a key motivator that gets people to take action. Anger can push a cancer patient to jump out of his hospital bed, walk down to the nurses station and scream, “I am getting the hell out of here!”. There is a misconception that God is simply sweet and passive. Actually, God can be quite cunning, manipulative and relentless with his children. What we consider as negative traits are actually helpful in molding us. He will use a negative emotion if needed to push people to do things that will change them for the better. He will allow people or situations to derail us if there is a chance that those interactions will push us forward. Personally, I don’t want a God that is going to send some church member to my deathbed with a plate of cookies and tell me to have faith. Actually, I rather have a God that screams, “Get the hell off your ass, stop feeling sorry for yourself. Walk down the hall with that Physical Therapist so you can get on with your life!" A little anger in a person can push them to do amazing things.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Act like a champion, and then become one.
Franco Santoro|There are no shadows in darkness. Shadows are created by light, and only exist in the presence of light. Refusing to acknowledge our shadow leads us to deny the presence of light in us.
Sara Keddar|Human life is a sad show, undoubtedly; ugly, heavy and complex. Art has no other end, for people of feeling than to conjure away the burden and bitterness.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|As a childI put my finger in the fireto becomea saint.As a teenagerevery day I would knock my head against the wall.As a young girlI went out through a window of a garretto the roofin order to jump.As a womanI had lice all over my body.They cracked when I was ironing my sweater.I waited sixty minutesto be executed.I was hungry for six years.Then I bore a child,they were carving mewithout putting me to sleep.Then a thunderbolt killed methree times and I had to rise from the dead three timeswithout anyone’s help.Now I am restingafter three resurrections.
Megan Abbott, You Will Know Me|...like my own granddad used to say, if you get down to the nub of it, people don't change.That's not true, Katie thought. Not at all. Everyone changed, all the time. That was what was so hard.
Gary Paulsen, Caught by the Sea|all my life i have lived and behaved very much like the sandpiper just running down the edges of different countries and continents, looking for something.
Natasha Tsakos|There is more information available at our fingertips during a walk in the woods than in any computer system, yet people find a walk among trees relaxing and computers frustrating. Machines that fit the human environment, instead of forcing humans to enter theirs, will make using a computer as refreshing as taking a walk in the woods.
Adam Brody|If at any moment of the day I ever think I'm remotely cool at all, which is hardly ever, I have two daughters who make sure that never happens.
Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding|Life is about balance. The good and the bad. The highs and the lows. The thing everyone should realize is that the key to happiness is being happy by yourself and for yourself. Happiness comes from within. You have the power to change your own mindset so that all the negative, horrible thoughts that try to invade your psyche are replaced with happy, positive, wonderful thoughts.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|Clear Awareness is not a magical state to be attained by secret rituals, chants, pleading to some external source or emergence into astral planes, nor a status bestowed by a certified master. Nor is it a capability of yours that needs to be developed, strengthened or discovered. Awareness is the core attribute of your existence; it only needs to be freed from all the synthetic definitions, beliefs, misconceptions, fears and other hindering fallacies your mind has absorbed through the course of your life.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Though we may not have reached the heights we anticipated yesterday, today is a brand new day to begin a new climb.
Kay Robertson|Corporations invest in sophisticated CRM, or Customer Relationship Management, programs to effectively oversee their relationship with their customers at every point during the buying process.
Bjorn Street|From the first she showed a curious sensitivity to what, I suppose, may be called the 'influences' of the place. She said it 'smelled' of ghosts and warlocks.
Chuck D|In general, the public knowledge base and thus decision-making behaviors are far more influenced by advertisement than with current science.
Ibtisam Barakat, Tasting the Sky: A Palestinian Childhood|To Alef, the letterthat begins the alphabetsof both Arabic and Hebrew-two Semitic languages,sisters for centuries.May we find the languagethat takes usto the only home there is - one another's hearts....Alef knowsThat a threadOf a storyStitches togetherA wound.
William Shatner|Above all, such sports as judo, in my view, teach people to relate to each other. They teach us to respect a partner, teach us to understand that an externally weak partner can not only put up worthy resistance, but, if you relax and take too much for granted, may even win.
Isa Quintin, LadyKiller|Pues eso es querer a alguien, no podemos evitar sufrimientos, solo esperar, desear lo mejor a futuro, pero si no resulta; estar ahí, callar y brindar un abrazo.
Quentin R. Bufogle|I wish all those who've found God, would tell the rest of us where he's been hiding.
Maria V. Snyder, Magic Study|They were my family, yet they were strangers.
Tim Keel, Intuitive Leadership: Embracing a Paradigm of Narrative, Metaphor, and Chaos|. . . I realized with a growing and startling sense of clarity that the seminary was educating and training me for a world that no longer existed. Moreover, the posture of this particular brand of Christianity toward the surrounding culture was one of enormous suspicion and at times hostility. It seemed that part of this evolving designation involved a posture of entrenchment and argument toward culture. But I loved culture. I loved the freedom to engage with people for the purpose of friendship and dialogue, not simply evangelism.
Albert Einstein|We can only be said to be alive in those moments, where our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
Marty Rubin|When you're young, you long for things that don't exist; and when you're old, you're sad because you never found them.
Anne Sullivan|All art, from the paintings on the walls of cave dwellers to art created today, is autobiographical because it comes from the secret place in the soul where imagination resides.
Sidney Poitier, The Measure of a Man: A Spiritual Autobiography|Child psychologists have demonstrated that our minds are actually constructed by these thousands of tiny interactions during the first few years of life. We aren't just what we're taught. It's what we experience during those early years - a smile here, a jarring sound there - that creates the pathways and connections of the brain. We put our kids to fifteen years of quick-cut advertising, passive television watching, and sadistic video games, and we expect to see emerge a new generation of calm, compassionate, and engaged human beings?
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|And then it was done. He was there, but he wasn’t. His consciousness, his self-awareness, the part of him that translated to a snarky voice in his head, all still there. All there but so far away. Not . . . not at the front anymore.
Suze Orman|In all realms of life it takes courage to stretch your limits, express your power, and fulfill your potential... it's no different in the financial realm.
Deyth Banger|Popular feeling is very often sentimental, muddle-headed, and eminently unsound, but it cannot be disregarded for all that.
Chris Wooding, Poison|The books were legends and tales, stories from all over the Realm. These she had devoured voraciously – so voraciously, in fact, that she started to become fatigued by them. It was possible to have too much of a good thing, she reflected.	“They’re all the same,” she complained to Fleet one night. “The soldier rescues the maiden and they fall in love. The fool outwits the wicked king. There are always three brothers or sisters, and it’s always the youngest who succeeds after the first two fail. Always be kind to beggars, for they always have a secret; never trust a unicorn. If you answer somebody’s riddle they always either kill themselves or have to do what you say. They’re all the same, and they’re all ridiculous! That isn’t what life is like!”	Fleet had nodded sagely and puffed on his hookah. “Well, of course that’s not what life is like. Except the bit about unicorns – they’ll eat your guts as soon as look at you. those things in there” – he tapped the book she was carrying – “they’re simple stories. Real life is a story, too, only much more complicated. It’s still got a beginning, a middle, and an end. Everyone follows the same rules, you know. . . It’s just that there are more of them. Everyone has chapters and cliffhangers. Everyone has their journey to make. Some go far and wide and come back empty-handed; some don’t go anywhere and their journey makes them richest of all. Some tales have a moral and some don’t make any sense. Some will make you laugh, others make you cry. The world is a library, young Poison, and you’ll never get to read the same book twice.
Lisa Kessler, Night Child|Celestia laughed wickedly. "Danny is your BBB, silly. I’d never ask you to marry him.""BBB?" Now she had to learn abbreviations? She didn’t have the patience to deal with this tonight."Bodyguard, Blood Bag, and cover Boyfriend." Celestia counted the items off one by one on her beautifully manicured fingers."Convenient." Sarcasm laced Savannah’s words, but internally her mind processed the logic behind the BBB.From Vampire Princess Rising (book two in the Winters Saga)
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|The human brain always concocts biases to aid in the construction of a coherent mental life, exclusively suitable for an individual’s personal needs.
Walt Disney Company|To all that come to this happy place, welcome. Disneyland is your land. Here age relives fond memories of the past, and here youth may savor the challenge and promise of the future. Disneyland is dedicated to the ideals, the dreams, and the hard facts that have created America... with hope that it will be a source of joy and inspiration to all the world.
Joseph Heller|Artists are strange people. They make the world a beautiful place, and make others feel good, but they are a bunch of lonely people. Artists are people with unfulfilled, unrealistic dreams, lonely, and always searching for perfection.
Nicholas Negroponte|I loved making Pure Country. It was a great learning experience for me, seeing another part of the entertainment industry.
Kimberly Nalen, Beautiful Junkie: Poems about Addiction and Recovery|The phone is about the same size as a cigarette pack. It's no surprise to me that the traditional cigarette lighter in many cars has turned into the space we use to recharge our phones. They are kin. The phone, like the cigarette, let's the texter/former smoker drop out of any social interaction for a second to get a break and make a little love to the beautiful object. We need something, people. We can't live propless.
Davy Rothbart, The Lone Surfer of Montana, Kansas: Stories|Phillip Murray and Wanda Saxton meet in the last scene under the rainy awning, their wrong wife and fiance finally story-lined away, and walk out together into the downpour - we know from the first scene, Christmas eve, that both of them like walking in the rain but don't have anybody who will do it with them - and it's the miracle of the ending.
Michel Houellebecq, Soumission|The past is always beautiful. So, for that matter, is the future. Only the present hurts, and we carry it around like an abscess of suffering, our compassion between two infinities of happiness and peace.
Laleh Khadivi, A Good Country|Fairy-tales exist and the best proof for this is our own childhood! Yes, childhood is a real fairy tale!
Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Infidel|Does man think that We will not assemble his bones? Yes [We are] Able [even] to proportion his fingertips " .Quran The Resurrection 75
Orlando Bloom|I know you've got to earn people's trust, and you've got to earn it day after day after day.
Joseph Addison|Achievement of your happiness is the only moral purpose of your life, and that happiness, not pain or mindless self-indulgence, is the proof of your moral integrity, since it is the proof and the result of your loyalty to the achievement of your values.
Martha Beck|You've got to kick fear to the side, because the payoff is huge.
Sherwood Smith, Crown Duel|What if — is more complicated than that? What if maybe opposite is true as well? Because, if bad can sometimes come from good actions—? where does it ever say, anywhere, that only bad can come from bad actions? Maybe sometimes — the wrong way is the right way? You can take the wrong path and it still comes out where you want to be? Or, spin it another way, sometimes you can do everything wrong and it still turns out to be right?
Barack Obama, Dreams from My Father: A Story of Race and Inheritance|That's just how white folks will do you. It wasn't merely the cruelty involved; I was learning that black people could be mean and then some. It was a particular brand of arrogance, an obtuseness in otherwise sane people that brought forth our bitter laughter. It was as if whites didn't know they were being cruel in the first place. Or at least thought you deserved of their scorn.
Ariel Meadow Stallings, Offbeat Bride: Taffeta-Free Alternatives for Independent Brides|In our relationship, we have very well-defined roles: I am the Vice President of Logistics; he's the CEO of Emotional Support.
Colson Whitehead, The Underground Railroad|Slaves sing most when they are most unhappy. The songs of the slave represent the sorrows of his heart; and he is relieved by them, only as an aching heart is relieved by its tears.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|The stories I tell myself about myself are contexts for what I believe is possible. These stories affect not only my attitudes about myself and others, but affect my behavior in what could become a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Aimee Mann|You just pick up a chord, go twang, and you're got music.
Friedrich Nietzsche|The true man wants two things: danger and play. For that reason he wants woman, as the most dangerous plaything.
yakoob khan|There was a wildness inside him; someday he would capture it. Not to be tamed, but to be released. For only by understanding his mind could it be freed.
Sogyo|In our practice we have no particular purpose or goal, nor any special object of worship.
Agatha Christie|You may live in an unknown small village, but if you have big ideas, the world will come and find you!
Anthony   North|I knew today was gonna be bad, but I never got close to this
Edward Everett Hale|On the back benches, you can have your say but no power to do anything.
Martin Rees|If we vote to Leave and take back control, all sorts of opportunities open up. Including doing new free trade deals around the world, restoring Britain's seat on all sorts of international bodies, restoring health to our democracy and belief to our democracy.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Based on the medical evidence that clearly states that being above 10,000 feet is hazardous to the health of sea level adapted humans, it is clear that all of the manned facilities on top of the 13,796 feet Mauna Kea summit in Hawaii should be removed and the summit restored back to its native environment.
Ken Shigematsu, God in My Everything: How an Ancient Rhythm Helps Busy People Enjoy God|Our prayer life and rule of prayer will be shaped by the different stages of our spiritual journey as well. Many people who have just come to know Christ find that their words flow easily. Prayer is a joy for them. But, as with romantic relationships, there is a natural movement beyond this honeymoon phase. When feelings of intense connection with God ebb, we have a new opportunity to engage God - not based on cool spiritual vibes but as an expression of our genuine love for God. Times of spiritual dryness are normal for almost everyone, even if we haven't sinned and to the best of our knowledge haven't done anything to wall off our relationship with God. God may allow this dryness so that we can mature in our relationship with him and learn to seek him not for an ecstatic spiritual experience but out of a deeper love and commitment.
Toba Beta|He pulled something out of his pocket and tried to stick it in her arm. A needle. He'd offered her hope, but then he was trying to hurt her. Poison. She pushed him away. "That wasn't nice.
Craig Groeschel, The Christian Atheist: Believing in God but Living As If He Doesn't Exist|Cherishing Jesus as gain above all people, above all wealth, above all powers.
J. Junior Reynolds II, Weathering the Storm|We thought we had time. I waved but couldn't answer, because I was finally letting myself grin as wide as I'd wanted all afternoon, all evening, every sec of every minute with you, Ed. Shit, I guess I already loved you then.
Stewart Stafford|When you choose to look down on something, you render yourself incapable of understanding it.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|I am but the reflection in your eyes, the effect of your expressions, and the sum of your praise and criticism.
Awdhesh Singh, Good and Evil: Two Sides of the Same Coin|Scriptures exhorted men to shun evil and become good—which seems to be an impossible task—since as soon as we try to add goodness in us, evil too gets added in us without our effort—almost automatically.
Dada Bhagwan|Nothing in this world can touch or affect the one who remains in the focused pure applied awareness of the Self, the Soul (shuddha upayogi).
Derric Yuh Ndim|if you are using probability arguments wit yourself, you are saying: “I want to live a life like everybody else!” By definition, an exceptional life is a life of low probability.
hlbalcomb|Follow the sincerity of your heart, it will always lead you on the right path" Cinderella in Focus: Cindy's Secret
Eleanor Keane, The Breathing Ghosts|He used to call vampires "the breathing ghosts"- for, as he put it, we existed in a kind of limbo-land between the living and the dead. We breathed, but we were not alive. We flitted through the air, but we still left foot prints on the ground. We were, and are, neither one nor the other, but something else entirely.
Ashley Chappell|Ah, but when one predator leaves, another inevitably will take its place. A void never remains a void for long.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Where ignorance prevails, there an opportunity exists but the possessor of ignorance shall always be ignorant of opportunities
Greg MacGillivray|The age of the Earth makes no difference with respect to Christ's atoning sacrifice for humanity's sin or to the nature and character of God, Earth's age has no bearing on any of the historic Christian doctrines. No mention of Earth's age appears in even the most detailed creedal statements.
Cully Perlman, The Losses: A Novel|Aut viam inveniam aut faciamIt means, in essence, "I'll find a way or I'll make one." It's how I live my life. Another definition is basically "Never give up," which is the path I've taken when it comes to writing books. I've been writing for almost 30 years and just had my first book, THE LOSSES, come out by a small press. And I'm psyched. Just keep on trucking.
Zoe Cruz, Beastia|I know you don’t understand, but sometimes we have to go back to go forward,” he says.
Akshay Vasu|Behind those happy eyes, you hide a mind that is terribly chaotic and that's what makes you, so beautiful.
Irvine Welsh, Porno|The decision-making part of the brain of an individual who has been using crystal meth is very interesting. When Carly and Andy were in their apartment, they ran out of drugs. They sold every single thing they had except two things: a couch and a blow torch. They had to make a decision because something had to be sold to buy more drugs. A normal person would automatically think, Sell the blow torch. But Andy and Carly sat on the couch, looking at the couch and looking at the blow torch, and the choice brought intense confusion. The couch? The blow torch? I mean, we may not need the blow torch today, but what about tomorrow? If we sell the couch, we can still sit wherever we want. But the blow torch? A blow torch is a very specific item. If you’re doing a project and you need a blow torch, you can’t substitute something else for it. You would have to have a blow torch, right? In the end, they sold the couch.
Lish McBride, Necromancing the Stone|Fear, left unchecked, can spread like a virus.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Your face is engraved in my mind. I can’t erase it. I don’t want to. Because as much as I hate you, I love you. And I love you unforgettably.
J.D. Robb, Promises in Death|Do little pink fairies sing and dance in your world, Peabody?""Sometimes, when it's very quiet and no one else can see.
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|If you didn't grow up like I did then you don't know, and if you don't know it's probably better you don't judge.
Steve Hagen, Buddhism Plain and Simple|There's no rule in the end, but only the situation and the inclination of your mind
Sulari Gentill, Chasing Odysseus|These days no one challenges us,' he said. 'And because there is no challenge, there is no reason to work hard. And with no reason to work hard, we have all become lazy.
Maryanne Raphael, What Mother Teresa Taught Me|Soil, blood, seed- Let me draw strength from you. let it be enough.
Esther M. Friesner|History is gossip that's been legitimized, and that's really the case when you get into some of the Roman historians. Wow! They'd be right at home on reality tv.
Russell Hoban, Turtle Diary|Sometimes I want to clean up my desk and go out and say, “Respect me; I’m a respectable grown-up!" and other times I just want to jump into a paper bag and shake and bake myself to death.
Charles Babbage|A great many things which in times of lesser knowledge we imagined to be superstitious or useless, prove today on examination to have been of immense value to mankind.
Augustine of Hippo|I sat back and looked at it. It was ugly, dark, uncontrolled. Like a monster's face. Or maybe what I saw there was my own face. I couldn't quite tell. Was the face the image of something evil or the image of myself?"Both," Bea muttered, as if I'd spoken my question out loud. "Of course, it's both. But it shouldn't be. Goodness, no.
Oxford University Press|Mother-in-laws are necessary, as are mosquitoes, athlete's foot, and beets.
Doug Ducey|I'm sure I frustrate the trainers - in fact, I know I frustrate the trainers to no end. But I think there's a very fine line. I listen to their advice. I take their medical expertise very seriously. But then I also, the reason I am where I am, the reason I play the way I play, is because I push beyond normal.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you focus on the ultimate goal, you will find strength to overcome the hurdles on the path to success
Seyyed Hossein Nasr, A Young Muslim's Guide to the Modern World|You don’t have to solve it, only evolve it!
Jonathan Haidt, The Righteous Mind: Why Good People are Divided by Politics and Religion|You can see the rider serving the elephant when people are morally dumbfounded. They have strong gut feelings about what is right and wrong, and they struggle to construct post hoc justifications for those feelings. Even when the servant (reasoning) comes back empty-handed, the master (intuition) doesn't change his judgment.
Stacey Marie Brown, Darkness of Light|If you want to convince a criminal to see things your way, start by seeing things theirs.
Russell D. Moore|Wesley's theology was, then, largely a theology of reaction. Most of his theological output had polemical overtones, and some works were devoted exclusively to that end. The direction and the intensity of the challenge determined the character and strength of his reply. When this is taken into account, there is no contradiction between his teaching on Baptism and on the Lord's Supper. The Protestant and Catholic strands in Wesley's thought are held together in both cases, but the expression of their relative importance depends on the situation which is being addressed.
Gordon B. Hinckley|It is both relaxing and invigorating to occasionally set aside the worries of life, seek the company of a friendly book...from the reading of 'good books' there comes a richness of life that can be obtained in no other way.
Iain Banks, Complicity|Man I'm high off life. Fuck it, I'm WASTED
Glenn Danzig|My attitude is that, if you have nothing to hide, why not show it?
Johnjoe McFadden, Life on the Edge: The Coming of Age of Quantum Biology|The way I came to miss the end of the world – well, the end of the world I had known for close on thirty years – was sheer accident: like a lot of survival, when you come to think of it.
Kevin Rudd|Grounded in the natural philosophy of the Middle Ages, alchemy formed a bridge: on the one hand into the past, to Gnosticism, and on the other into the future, to the modern psychology of the unconscious.
Neal Barnard|If I could offer but one helpful hint to young Hoosiers hoping to better their odds for success in life, I would simply note the importance of thoughtful reading.
Thea Harrison, Dragon Bound|I’m busy, you’re busy, everybody’s busy. I’ve got a lot I want to say to you, though.” “All right,” Pia told her. “Hit me with it.” “First, I’m so sorry about what my uncle Urien did to you guys. I hate him, he killed my family, and we’re going to cut off his head, and then I have to be Queen, but before that happens let’s do lunch, okay?
Eyden I., Woman's Book: Only For Men|She climbs inside the car and they leave, and I just stand there watching them because I don’t know that I’ve ever had a friend like her in my whole life. Maybe it’s the wine. I don’t know, but I love today. Everything about it. I especially love how Ryle looks, leaning against my car, watching me.“You’re really beautiful when you’re happy.
Gloria Burgess, Dare to Wear Your Soul on the Outside: Live Your Legacy Now|Give up your attachment to comfortable ways of living - show yourself in the gymnasium (gymnos = 'naked'), prove that you are not indifferent to the difference between perfect and imperfect, demonstrate to us that achievement - excellence, arete, virtu - has not remained a foreign word to you, admit that you have motives for new endeavours! Above all: only grant the suspicion that sport is a pastime for the most stupid as much space as it deserves, do not misuse it as a pretext to drift further in your customary state of self-neglect, distrust the philistine in yourself who thinks you are just fine as you are! Hear the voice from the stone, do not resist the call to get in shape! Seize the chance to train with a god!
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|I can't believe you're going to sacrifice your archery mojo for MacReive." Lucia would forfeit her fantastical skill with a bow if she was unchaste. "Who am I going to hang out with when your a talentless nobody?
Anne Tyler|It's odd to see pictures of your parents before your own birth, before your nagging presence altered their lives forever.
Anthnoy T.Hincks|Because lies outpace the truth, sooner or later you will trip up on your own tongue.
Jay Samit|In our work and in our living, we must recognize that difference is a reason for celebration and growth, rather than a reason for destruction.
Oscar Wilde, The Ballad Of Reading Gaol|Silently we went round and round,And through each hollow mindThe memory of dreadful thingsRushed like a dreadful wind,And horror stalked before each man,And terror crept behind.
Dave Barry, Best. State. Ever.: A Florida Man Defends His Homeland|If a Greek woman tells you to do something, you do it.
Seth Godin|Every single important thing we do is something we didn't use to be good at, and in fact, might be something we used to fear.
Cory Hardrict|Clearly, if it is sensible to hold a referendum on independence, it is crucial that we have one on marriage. It is the only way the country can move forward on this issue. Let all those who have a view on this subject place their trust in the Scottish people and let Scotland decide.
Tegan Quin|Materialism, attachment to things of the world, includes pride. Many religious people suffer from pride: taking pleasure or even delight in being good, or religious.
Chaim Potok, The Chosen|Reuven listen to me. The Talmud says that a person should do two things for himself. One is to acquire a teacher. Do you remember the other.""Choose a friend," I said."Yes. You know what a friend is, Reuven? A Greek philosopher said that two people who are true friends are like two bodies with one soul."I nodded."Reuven, if you can, make Danny Saunders your friend.""I like him a lot, abba.""No. Listen to me. I am not talking about only liking him. I am telling you to make him your friend and to let him make you his friend.
Debasish Mridha|I don’t know who you are, but I want to let you know that I really care.
Wes Adamson|Life can be just black and white, but with imagination, life is a kaleidoscope of exhilarating colors and breathtaking adventures.
Iggy Pop|I love the ocean, wide-open space and trees, but I'm not a gardener or anything like that. I think I may be, eventually. I was raised in the city, so I don't have that skill set, but my heart is more with the dirt than the concrete. It's an unrequited love with nature - a one-way love affair.
Donna VanLiere|Why do you believe in God?" the woman asked me in the busy corridor. I don't remember the answer I gave. It was probably too long and rattled in her ears. I wish I could go back and answer her again. "Because HE believes in me," I would say. Isn't that enough?
Jarett Sabirsh, Love All-Knowing: An Epic Spiritual Poem|everyone and everything a fluid living seaUniversal Consciousness as both you and mebeing in rapturous love with all life and every personbut this wasn't maintained and things were about to worsenego crept back in believing it was Enlightenedit turns out consciousness only temporarily heighteneda momentary samadhi can sometimes deceiveif untold by a Master because our mind is naïveask enlightenment teachers today about their ego deathdon't even need to for their answer we can already guessare they right this moment experiencing Allness?the spiritual ego is crafty and teaches regardlesstheir words proceeding from the intellect, Power is lackinga Divine Transference is required to send the ego packingif inspiration hits by all means sharebut state your current un-State or others you'll ensnareTrue Teachings are on a whole different levela powerful quieting effect, they silence the mentalmake no bones about it—dying to God is involvedif not ready for this step then observe truths lesser evolved
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Forgive and be compassionate with another in love, in peace and in faith.
Christopher Moore|It is possible, however, that the artist is both thin-skinned and prophetic and, like the canary lowered into the mine shaft to test the air, has caught a whiff of something lethal.
C.S. Lewis|The need to control others as a prerequisite for male agency presupposed self-control. That imperative, in turn, included both the physical and emotional dimensions of a man’s bodily self.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|. . . at eighteen the true narrative of life is yet to becommenced. Before that time we sit listening to a tale, a marvelous fiction, delightful sometimes, and sad sometimes, almost always unreal. Before that time our world is heroic, its inhabitants half-divine or semi-demon; its scenes are dreamscenes; darker woods and stranger hills, brighter skies, more dangerous waters, sweeter flowers, more tempting fruits, wider plains, drearier deserts, sunnier fields than are found in nature, overspread our enchanted globe. What a moon we gaze on before that time! How the trembling of our hearts at her aspect bearswitness to its unutterable beauty!
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Torment|Katarina wasn’t afraid of Baden. Not anymore.He took a step to the side, intending to move around her. Oh, no. She flattened her hands on his shoulders, keeping him in place.“I want to know what’s wrong with you.” She said. “Tell me.”He snapped his teeth at her in a show of dominance. “You think you want to know my problem. You’re wrong.”Her tone dry, she said, “I’m so glad you know my mind better than I do.”“Very well. I need sex.” He threw the words at her as if they were weapons. “Badly.”Whoa. Blindside!Heart pounding, she jerked her hands away from him. “Sex...from me?”“Yesss.” A hiss. “Only from you.”Only. Amazing how one little word could send pleasure soaring through her, warming her. “You told me never to touch you.” Which she’d just done, she realized. My bad.“I’ve changed my mind.” His gaze dropped, lingered on her lips.Burning her... “But you and I...we’re a different species.” As if that mattered to her body. Gimme! He took a step closer, invading her personal space. “We’ll fit, I promise you.” Tristo hrmenych! The raspy quality of his voice, all smoke and gravel...she shivered with longing. Must resist his allure.But...but...why? Before she’d committed to Peter, she’d dated around, had made out in movie theaters, cars and on couches. She’d liked kissing and touching and “riding the belt buckle,” as her friends had called it. Then, after committing to Peter, she’d gifted him with her virginity. At first, he hadn’t known what to do with her—he’d been just as inexperienced—and she’d left each encounter disappointed. When finally she’d gathered the courage to tell him what she wanted, he’d satisfied her well.She missed sex. But connection...intimacy...she thought she missed those more.The dogs barked, jolting her from her thoughts. They’d cleaned their food bowls, and now wanted to play. She clasped Baden’s hand to lead him out of the kennel. He jerked away, severing contact.One action. Tons of hurt.“I’m allowed to touch you and you want to have sex with me, but you’re still disgusted by me.” She stomped outside the kennel, done with him. “Well, I’m leaving. Good riddance! Your do-what-I-say-or-else attitude was annoying, anyway.”He darted in front of her, stopping her. Breath caught in her throat as sunlight streamed over him, paying his chiseled features absolute tribute, making his bronzed skin glimmer.So beautiful. Too beautiful.“I’m not disgusted by you. You need me. I’ve come to accept it,” he admitted, looking away from her. “But being skin-to-skin with another is painful for me. We’ll have to proceed carefully. And you’ll get over your annoyance.”Another order! She would show him the error of his ways.
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu|He who is not just is severe, he who is not wise is sad.
Brian McGreevy, Hemlock Grove|There's an intimacy in listening to somebody's lies, I've always thought--you learn more about someone from the things they wish were true than from the things that actually are.
A.M. Daily, Sky Children|He was beautiful in a way that pierced the heart. He was beautiful in the way the universe had been made, from darkness and silence into light and song.
|If you are a good parent, please continue to be a good one. But if you are bad parent, today is a great new beginning for you to start a great new chapter of parenthood.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The pain of the narcissist is that, to him, everything is really a threat. What doesn't surrender in reverence is blasphemous to a high opinion of oneself - the burden of self-importance. The narcissist reconstructs his own law of gravity which states that all things and all creatures must adhere to his personal satisfaction, but when they do not, the pain is far more intense than it is for one who is free from the clamors of 'I'.
R.L. LaFevers, Grave Mercy|Whenever you are ready, or if you never are, my heart is yours, until Death do us part. Whatever that may mean when consorting with one of Death’s handmaidens.
Warhammer 40 000 Source Book|But a thought swarmed in me; what if he, this yellow-eyed being – in his ridiculous, dirty bundle of trees, in his uncalculated life – is happier than us?
Angela B. Chrysler, Dolor and Shadow|In death we vanquished enemies,In death, we slew our foes.Blood soaked rage engulfed our blades,When blood lust took its hold.–In death, a darkness troubled one,In death, concealed, undone.Deep in darkness dragons wait,When blood would set the sun.–In death, we glorified his name.In death, we saw too late,When drink, to him, we raised in praise,The dragon sealed his fate.–In death, we lived. In death, we fought.In death, we grew to hate.In death, the blackened wraith released,The blinded shade beneath.–In death, his darkened eyes grew dim.In death, his mind was lost within.With blackened eyes, he slew his kin,In death, we lost to him.–In death, I took up sword and slew.In death, the dragon’s wrath ensued.We had no choice. The dragon fumed.In death, he was consumed.–In death, our brother’s blood deplored,In death, our brother, did I gore,When I rose up and killed one more.His blood ensconced my sword.–From death, his mutterings are weak.From death, his voice, to me, it speaks.Entombed within my brother’s keep,Revived in death, he sleeps.
Latika Teotia|When in doubt, look inwards and honestly count your blessings. We often grumble when things go wrong or when we get hurt. We are prone to crib about what we don’t have and forget to see what we already have. Comparing yourself with the good fortune of others is bound to bring a lot of misery in its wake. If you really want to get into that comparison mood then compare yourself with those who are less fortunate. A man who had just lost his job was sitting dejectedly in his balcony and watching people pass by when his eyes fell on a beggar who was rummaging through garbage for some food. The man in the balcony felt happy that at least he had enough to eat and was not reduced to what the beggar was doing. The beggar saw a one legged man who was hobbling around on crutches and felt happy that he had all his limbs intact. The one legged man saw a man being taken in a wheel chair and counted himself fortunate that he could at least move around on his own. The man in the wheel chair saw a hearse taking away a dead body and thanked God that he was alive.
Billy Corgan|Why is it that when we get older, we get more fearful?
Marianne de Pierres, Shelf Life: Fantastic Stories Celebrating Bookstores|Scarlet, before you go through this, I want to remind you of September 7th, 1988. It was the first time that I saw you. You were reading Less Than Zero, and you were wearing a Guns 'n' Roses t-shirt. I'd never seen anything so perfect. I remember thinking that I had to have you or I'd die... then you whispered that you loved me at the homecoming dance, and I felt so peaceful... and safe... because I knew that no matter what happened, from that day on, nothing can ever be that bad... because I had you. And then I, uh... I grew up and I lost my way. And I blamed you for my failures. And I know that you think you have to do this today... but I don't want you to. But I guess... if I love you, I should let you move on.
Gene Roddenberry|There, too, she would sit for hours gazing seawards. No tiniest speck of sail that crossed the waters could escape her watchful eyes, and as she watched she dreamed that some day one of these distant sails should bear down towards her, and one should come, in whose hand she would lay her own, and they two would flee to the far East. But as the changeless years went by and brought him not, the girl grew sullen, and a sense of wrong possessed her, for the older she grew, the clearer became her consciousness of a world beyond her, and the greater her longing to seek it.("The Serpent's Head")
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Great souls, Great stories.
Seth Adam Smith, Rip Van Winkle and the Pumpkin Lantern|Always go as far as you can see, then let faith take you the rest of the way.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you want to go to a far and difficult place, firstly send your mind to that far place, then your mind will meet with your body over there!
Karl Taro Greenfeld, Triburbia|Your children should not have to act appropriately so that you can feel like a valuable person. It is not their job to validate you or erase past relationship indictments against you with their performance. In a healthy Christian family children are not there for the adults, adults are there to be resources for their children.
Bill Courtney, Against the Grain: A Coach's Wisdom on Character, Faith, Family, and Love|The effect of liberty to individuals is that they may do what they please; we ought to see what it will please them to do, before we risk congratulations which may be soon turned into complaints.
Marshall McLuhan|If you do it in the bookies, it's a bet. . . . If you pay some 23-year-old in an Armani suit two hundred grand to go to the window for you, it's a derivative.
Catherine Fisher, Darkhenge|When you draw, you copy the world don't you? You remake it on paper, but it isn't the same. It's yours. No one else could have created it just like that. When I make poems, I use the words we all use, but the order and the sound create a new power. This wood is someone's creation. We stumble through it's tendrils, as if we're crawling through the synapses of his mind.
Hannah Arendt, Men in Dark Times|the world and the people who inhabit it are not the same. The world lies between people, and this in-between – much more than (as is often thought) men or even man – is today the object of the greatest concern and the most obvious upheaval in almost all the countries of the globe. Even where the world is still halfway in order, or is kept halfway in order, the public realm has lost the power of illumination which was originally part of its very nature. More and more people in the countries of the Western world, which since the decline of the ancient world has regarded freedom from politics as one of the basic freedoms, make use of this freedom and have retreated from the world and their obligations within it. This withdrawal from the world need not harm an individual; he may even cultivate great talents to the point of genius and so by a detour be useful to the world again. But with each such retreat an almost demonstrable loss to the world takes place; what is lost is the specific and usually irreplaceable in-between which should have formed between this individual and his fellow men.
Ivan Rusilko, Appetizers|Your beauty took my breath away, but your mind has stopped my heart.
Scott Stabile|When someone rejects you, for whatever reason, that rejection reflects their wants, not your limitations. you are in no way defined by the rejection, or the acceptance, of anyone else. your worth depends on no one. and as hard as it can be to see it as such, there is just as big a gift in not connecting with those who don’t see your value, as there is in uniting with those who do.
Friedrich A. Hayek, The Road to Serfdom|Geniuses and prophets do not usually excel in professional learning, and their originality, if any, is often due precisely to the fact that they do not.
Voltaire|I replied that England (the dear place of my nativity) was computed to produce three times the quantity of food, more than its inhabitants are able to consume, ... But, in order to feed the luxury and intemperance of the males, and the vanity of the females, we sent away the greatest part of our necessary things to other countries, from whence in return we brought the materials of diseases, folly, and vice, to spend among ourselves. Hence it follows of necessity that vast numbers of our people are compelled to seek their livelihood by begging, robbing, stealing, cheating, pimping, forswearing, flattering, suborning, forging, gaming, lying, fawning, hectoring, voting, scribbling, freethinking,
Robin Sacredfire|The ability to make a decision doesn’t require the absence of doubt or fear. Both vanish in the presence of responsibility, which emerges naturally in the presence of will. When we know what we truly want, the doubts that blur our decisions, the fears that make us succumb to luck and fate, all become secondary in the face of reason. That’s when we understand that our freewill and our options weren’t really there. We have created both by desire. The decision is basically conscience asking us to act on our subconscious desires.
Helen Humphreys, The Lost Garden|There are many different stories to tell. It's never the same. Every day weather blows in and out, alters the surface. Sometimes it is stripped down to a single essential truth, the thing that is always believed, no matter what. The seeds from which the garden has grown.
Shauna Niequist, Bread and   Wine: A Love Letter to Life Around the Table with Recipes|When I get frustrated that there aren't enough hours in a day, that I can't do enough or be enough or experience everything I want to just exactly right now, my mom reminds me in her gentle way that this is not where she thought she'd be at sixty, and that the best is yet to come. She teaches me, through her words and her actions, that if you take the next right step, if you live a life of radical and honest prayer, if you allow yourself to be led by God's Spirit, no matter how far from home and familiarity it takes you, you won't have to worry about what you want to be when you grow up. You'll be too busy living a life of passion and daring.
Junot Díaz, This Is How You Lose Her|Our relationship wasn't the sun, the moon, the stars, but it wasn't bullshit, either.
Bernie Siegel|Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future.
Lee  Goff|It’s never easy letting go. But if we don’t learn the art of relinquishment, we’ll never move forward to embrace the new relationships God has for us.
Deyth Banger|Charlie Everman understood, in the very depth of his soul, that God's mercies were new each morning.
Anthony McDonald, Adam|Aside from a very select few, there are no overnight success stories. Most of the time that single step took a thousand miles to get to it.
Rudyard Kipling, The Collected Works|Of all the liars in the world, sometimes the worst are our own fears.
P.C. Cast, Burned|Here's a newsflash from the only High Preistess you have left at this dang school: Zoey isn't dead. And believe me, I know dead. I've been there, done that, and got the frickin' T-shirt." - Stevie Rae
Charlie Parker|All music is escapism for me, but I like the way that, on a good night, that sense of escapism can be shared.
George Lopez|What does being a woman today mean? Is there a right way of doing it? Is there a wrong way of doing it? Different kinds of women, female friendships: It's all pretty funny, and worth making fun of.
Lisa Mangum|That’s what writers and artists and creators do, boy. Listen to the Void and try to hear dead folks’ thoughts. Feel their pain. The pain of living folks too. Finding a muse is just an artist or holy man’s way of getting a foot in the Void Which Binds’ front door. Aenea knew that. You should have too.
Saaif Alam|Betrayal is the most powerful poisonous tool which permanently destroys the bonds of your friends or family members. Therefore, true bonds of your friends or family members can never get recovered again or will not remain the same because you purposely have broken your true commitment with them.
G.K. Chesterton, Heretics|Apparently, my hopes, dreams and aspirations were no match against my poor spelling, punctuation and grammar.
Thomas Hughes|Now having travelled from the pride of man in the High Renaissance and the Enlightenment down to the present despair, we can understand where modern people are. They have no place for a personal God. But equally they have no place for man as man, or for love, or for freedom, or for significance. This brings a crucial problem. Beginning only from man himself, people affirm that man is only a machine. But those who hold this position cannot live like machines! If they could, there would be no tensions in their intellectual position or in their lives. But even people who believe they are machines cannot live like machines, and thus they must “leap upstairs” against their reason and try to find something which gives meaning to life, even though to do so they have to deny their reason.This was a solution Leonardo da Vinci and the men of the Renaissance never would have accepted, even if, like Leonardo they ended their thinking in despondency. They would not have done so, for they would have considered it intellectual suicide to separate meaning and values from reason this way. And they would have been right. Such a solution is intellectual suicide, and one may question the intellectual integrity of those who accept such a position when their starting point was pride in the sufficiency of human reason.
G.G. Collins|Evan had heard it all before. A paradise underground, made for things like the worm in front of him. A place where Evan would forget he had ever been human, forget he had a mother, maybe even forget his own name. This thing did not remember its own, Evan was sure of it.
Pippa DaCosta, Girl From Above: Trust|I realized if I didn’t just go, I’d never go. Going was the key. It didn’t matter where I was headed just as long as I was headed somewhere. ~ Ben Davis
Mehmet Murat ildan|Spend time for yourself, walk in solitude, refresh your mind and body so that you can spend time for others and walk with them! Spend time for yourself!
Elizabeth Goudge, The Dean's Watch|He started to draw. He drew from memory. He had a good memory, something which, all things considered, was far from a blessing.The pencils moved quickly across the paper, scratching back and forth in deepening shades of grey. He leaned low over the paper, concentrating all his energy on his work. The candles flickered and dripped wax, having nothing better to do.Eventually he lifted his head and looked at his creation. The face of a young woman stared back at him from the paper, a slight smile playing on her lips. She looked as if she was about to say something, and that once she had you would laugh. She looked happy.Seven stared at the picture, his strange eyes unreadable – eyes that, now he made no effort to mask them, were from edge to edge only the deep blue of the dead ocean. He swallowed hard, as if he was trying to imbibe something foul tasting but necessary, like a child sipping medicine, and pulled another sheet of paper from his desk.
OMOSOHWOFA CASEY|There is something about understanding. Understanding with knowledge is a burden.You see, Man is always inclined to be intolerant towards the thing, or person, he hasn't taken the time adequately to understand...but once we get closer to people or have experiences of certain situations, we become tolerant of themThe way you react to a stranger over a particular thing might be different from the way you react to a friend, this is because as a friend, you know and understand much about him and could tell one or two reasons he had done what he did but for the stranger, you have no reason why he did whatever he did and would just react.It's normal though but with time, as we get closer, misunderstanding arises; from the misunderstanding, we get to know our individual limits and thus understanding springs.This is one of the reasons I always say we get to know someone better when we get closer to him or her. Once you understand someone, and if you like the person so much, I tell you, with your understanding, you can tolerate whatever the person does.With wisdom and knowledge, it is expected we seek first to understand than to be understood. Understanding brings about control and self disciplineWith understanding, you can tolerate whatever a person (especially someone you love) does cos we would love to put ourselves in their shoes and give excuses on their behalf.
Dushawn Banks, Love,Pain, & Perception|Even if it's the end of the world, you're still my world.
Debasish Mridha|To be a fantastic writer, live in your dreams and imaginations where you can dance like a peacock, swim like a shark, and fly like a butterfly. Live where reality has no power to change you.
Ambrose Bierce|In Europe first and now in America, elected men have taken it upon themselves to indebt their people to create an atmosphere of dependency. And why? For their own selfish need to increase their own personal power.
Suzanne Steele, Stray|The only time a woman should be referred to as a slut is never, unless it's her kink.
Sergei Lukyanenko, The Last Watch|She wakes in a puddle of sunlight.Her hands asleep beside her.Her hair draped on the lawnlike a mantle of cloth.I give her my trothfor our love is whole;her breath is my wine,her scent is my soul.
Irfan ishaq|Sometimes when you are sad enough , your soul becomes ghost for you.
Katarina Jovic, Howling at the Stars|She dreamed of Venice. However, it wasn’t a city alive with stars dripping like liquid gold into canals, or Bougainvillea spilling from flowerpots like overfilled glasses of wine. In this dream, Venice was without color. Where pastel palazzi once lined emerald lagoons, now, gray, shadowy mounds of rubble paralleled murky canals. Lovers could no longer share a kiss under the Bridge of Sighs; it had been the target of an obsessive Allied bomb in search of German troops. The only sign of life was in Piazza San Marco, where the infamous pigeons continued to feed. However, these pigeons fed not on seeds handed out by children, but on corpses rotting under the elongated shadow of the Campanile.
Prem Prakash, The Yoga of Spiritual Devotion A Modern Translation of the Narada Bhakti Sutras|Every organized religion holds that certain behaviors, rituals, personalities, places, and/or books are sacred. These organized teachings are proper in their own place, but they are mere options for the one infused with devotion. To such a one, God is direct and spontaneous, providing him with an immediate source of guidance and direction. His relationship with God is not mediated through anyone or anything. (104)
Matthew Prior|Who breathes must suffer, and who thinks must mourn; And he alone is bless'd who ne'er was born.
Daniel C. Dennett|At this very moment you are probably basing your value on how other people value you, even though most of the time, you don’t even know what these people really think. You are assuming what they think based on behavior you interpreted. In truth, most people don’t think about you at all. They are too focused on their own stuff. And if they do think about you, they probably don’t think what you think they think. You are most likely projecting your own fears of not being good enough onto them. What you think they think tells you more about your own opinion of yourself than theirs.
Arshdeep Singh Samrala|Individually, we are one drop.Together, we are an Ocean.
Bethany Griffin, Masque of the Red Death|I would forget it fain,But oh, it presses to my memory,Like damnèd guilty deeds to sinners' minds.
Oliver H. Woshinsky, Explaining Politics: Culture, Institutions, and Political Behavior|You want Change, today we'll show you Change!Here's your democracy, your human rights, eat it, eat eat eat!
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Glow	What can you do and how can you be in order to bring out the best in others and truly help them shine?•	Be complimentary; say something nice.•	Be a great listener and make them feel like you are hanging on every word.•	Create enthusiasm and anticipation for the person they are getting ready to meet.•	Act as you have personally invited them to the party and help ensure they have a wonderful time.•	Give people an experience, not just a conversation
Rony Abovitz|Now will I rehearse before you a very ancient Breton Lay. As the tale was told to me, so, in turn, will I tell it over again, to the best of my art and knowledge. Hearken now to my story, its why and its reason.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If God were to eradicate all evil from this planet, He would have to eradicate all evil men. Who would be exempt? “For all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God” [Romans 3:23 NIV].God would rather transform the evil man than eradicate him.
Ron Ben-Israel|It was about 2012, 2013. I started from zero. Small fashion shows, small photoshoots. I've seen a lot. I've seen a lot of things up close. I married my sister off; I gave jahez for her wedding. I tried to keep relations going with my family. I bought a house for them in Multan. My parents are settled in Multan; my house is there.
Osho|you need power only to do something harmful.otherwise love is enough,compassion is enough.
Jeanette LeBlanc|Mr. Ferris didn't say anything the whole time. He sat next to me and listened. And when I finished, I looked at him.He was crying. I'm not lying. He was crying.I don't think it was because how hard I hit him.I know how the Black-Backed Gull feels when he looks up into the sky.Maybe, somehow, Mr. Ferris does too.
Terry Pratchett, Thud!|Then Tak looked upon the stone and it was trying to come alive, and Tak smiled, and wrote All things strive.And for the service the stone had given, he fashioned it into the first Troll, and delighted in the life that came unbidden.
Damian Lewis|The sad thing is, I never wanted to be Princess Leia - I always wanted to be Han Solo!
H.S. Crow|If some people say what is in their hearts and other people say what glides easily off the tongue, how can we talk to one another?
R.C. Sproul, The Holiness of God|But let me tell ya, spend every day living only for yourself, every day indulging in little sins that aren’t that big of a deal, and one day I may be showing you the ropes in hell. Amen.
Nevada Barr, The Rope|The exhilarating alignment of the heavens was sufficiently rare that she recognized her moment of joy, thus making the joy that much more potent.
Jagielski Wojciech|If the world allows the people of Darfur to be removed forever from their land and their way of life, then genocide will happen elsewhere because it will be seen as something that works. It must not be allowed to work. The people of Darfur need to go home now. I write this for them, and for that day, ... and for those still living who might yet have beautiful lives on the earth.
Peter Navarro|Do you know that other than my father, I've never had a man take care of me?
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Those who live as though God sets the rules are not going by their own rules. That is the self-sacrifice, or selflessness, that peace more often than not requires. Those who insist on going by their own rules cannot make that sacrifice. They are the steady adherents of (global) conflict because they are forever fighting both themselves and others to do whatever they think that they want to do.
Soar|You, my reader, who see me close, wonder about my heartbeats and measure my words, you my close friend who know my eyes and the home of their prose, you, my only lover, who always move my life, my poetry's pace and rhyme,...I can not disclose the shape of metaphors, nor what they bashfully display behind the robes of their naked source; but you can use the eyes of heart to feel what they are made of. And if it's a tear or a smile I evoke, it means we are human, it means we care and we love. It means we are both beautiful. (Soar)
Carlos Fuentes, Myself with Others: Selected Essays|The novel is the privileged vehicle of two ways of being: narrative and freedom: to be new (novel) in a speech open to all, and to be free in a speech that never concludes.
Amit Kalantri|Fathers are ironic, they want democracy in their country but dictatorship in their home.
Terry a O'Neal|Just when you think you have it all figured out, an epiphany arrives at the higher level of one's consciousness.
Moran Atias|Public officials insult our intelligence and our goodwill when they paint rosy pictures about budgets, jobs, bipartisanship, and transparency, and alter their positions on issues simply to keep collecting their paycheck by never disagreeing or disappointing anyone.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|There are two things in life I never discuss, Religion and Politics. That is the only way one can have a serene life.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t wait for a perfect day. To make it a perfect day, dance the whole day, sing every hour, and love every moment
Sherman Alexie, Reservation Blues|The best to know is to face it, take a next step toward it.
Rush Limbaugh|I know it when I don't know it. Sometimes I know it when I don't think I know it. I need to trust myself in these moments, these rare moments of self-doubt.
Arthur C. Clarke, The City and the Stars|The automatism of man is overcome, in the words of Dhun'Nun, by aiming for 'being as you were, where you were, before you were'.
Katie McGarry, Crash into You|Will seeing me be a problem?”While there’s this overwhelming voice screaming yes in the back of my mind, there’s a smile twisting on my face and I bring my hands together in front of me, feeling suddenly shy. Did he just say...? “So we’re seeing each other?” Isaiah touches an earring. “Yeah. I guess we are.”My head bobs back and forth because I so need more. “Like more than friends?” “We can be friends if you want. But...”“But what?” My stomach begins to plummet. Did I misread all of this?His gray eyes bore into mine with an intensity I’ve never seen from anyone before. “But I want more.”“More?” I whisper.“I want to kiss you again.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|You can take the Indian out of the family, but you cannot take the family out of the Indian.
Bellamy Young|My youngest son's pre-school class was recently asked what their dads do for work. The responses were things like, my dad sells money, and my dad figures stuff out. My son said, 'I've never seen my dad do work.' It's true. Skateboarding doesn't seem like real work, but I'm proud of what I do.
Paul Klee|Art does not reproduce what is visible, it makes things visible.
Thornton Wilder, The Bridge of San Luis Rey|I hope you will simply do what you can do in the best way you know. If you do so, you will witness miracles come to pass.
Chris Campanioni|Always being myself and my salve, which is life. I’m not lonely, if that’s what it seems like. Always writing things down.
Peter Benchley, The Deep|Any weapon's only as good as the man using it, and a good man can make a good weapon out of most anything.
James A. Autry|Yes, the life of an adult entails accepting and in some way being responsible for pain.
Simi Sunny|Even though I'm an ordinary writer, I too, have trouble when it come to writing along the way. But at least I manage to self-publish my book with no errors (hopefully). Just check out Agatha Christie, an author who also has a learning disability. She managed to be succesful. And I hope that I would be successful as her and Abishek Bachan.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|Gentlemen. You are looking at the true Abraham Lincoln of Arabia. And in order to end our internal bickering - our civil war, if you will - I have solicited your aid.
Stephen Fry, Moab Is My Washpot|Choking with dry tears and raging, raging, raging at the absolute indifference of nature and the world to the death of love, the death of hope and the death of beauty, I remember sitting on the end of my bed, collecting these pills and capsules together and wondering why, why when I felt I had so much to offer, so much love, such outpourings of love and energy to spend on the world, I was incapable of being offered love, giving it or summoning the energy with which I knew I could transform myself and everything around me.
Simone de Beauvoir|The public will believe anything, so long as it is not founded on truth.
Gloria Naylor|Life's too short to care about what other people think. Besides, they should accept us for who we are
A.Wilding Wells|When she at last pressed her mouth to his, it felt like coming home. He tasted of fire and smoke and earth, and fresh bread and soap and something so clean, so pure, it was like spring water to her lips.
R.A. Salvatore, Starless Night|When you paint your lips, eye lids, nails or whatever, to look attractive, don't forget your up stairs(intellect) if you leave it behind, i will consider all other colors invalid.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Love is a force that connects us to every strand of the universe, an unconditional state that characterizes human nature.
Laurell K. Hamilton|Very few people see their own actions as truly evil,... It is left to their victims to decide what is evil and what is not.
Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me|And Death it calls as the stone crow breaks. Streaks of blood malform its face.Death becomes its withered eyes and the shadows whisper, “Lies.” Excerpt from "Lies
Kendrick Lamar|I began observing, making paintings of my surroundings, taking a vow of silence, listening, composing music, writing, and making time for formal education. Then I started telling stories.
Karl Marx|We educated, privileged lawyers have a professional and moral duty to represent the underrepresented in our society, to ensure that justice exists for all, both legal and economic justice.
Grace Kagni, Serena's Cellars|I gave way to a wave of home-sickness that almost shames me now when I recollect it. I find it impossible in cold blood, and at this distance, to put into words the longing that shook me. I have forgotten the pain in the neck, but never will I forget the pain in my heart.
