Jill Mellick, The Art of Dreaming: Tools for Creative Dream Work|We do not always need to "understand" or interpret dreams to receive their gifts to heart and soul. Rather, we can circumambulate them, respect them, let their images feed our imaginations and lead us onward, just as a glimpse of ocean or lake renews and orients and refreshes us on a long drive.
Michael Ignatieff|I want to tell you that if the Great Spirit had chosen anyone to be the chief of this country, it is myself.
Mo Rocca|Fantastic! Right in the middle of that long stretch between Christmas and Spring Break, your coats are getting dirty, everything's dark, dingy - what a great time for a movie!
Russell M. Nelson|Over the years my mother's steadfast faith in God has inspired me, particularly when I had to perform extremely difficult surgical procedures or when I found myself faced with my own medical scare.
Adrianne Palicki|I fantasize about going back to high school with the knowledge I have now. I would shine. I would have a good time, I would have a girlfriend. I think that's where a lot of my pain comes from. I think I never had any teenage years to go back to.
Tegan Quin|This is not going to be easy. I'm good at being bad, but I'm bad at being good. I don't know the first thing about good deeds.
Alex Flinn, Beastly|Something with inner beauty will live forever, like the scent of a rose.
Jennifer Silverwood, Qeya|It be more a feeling. Something swirls out in the beyond, something unnatural. It’s the reason so few venture to these worlds. The black spaces are a part of it, pieces unraveling pulling apart. We’ve come too far, waited too long to turn back now. Only death awaits us here.
Benny Blanco|I think the true test of a pop song, for me, and I've talked to a lot of other writers about this, is you take your demo, you pop it in your car and you drive down Sunset Blvd. to Santa Monica, and that's the Hollywood car test.
William T. Sherman|It is only those who have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and groans of the wounded who cry aloud for blood, more vengeance, more desolation. War is hell.
Michael Vito Tosto, Portrait of an Infidel: The Acerbic Account of How a Passionate Christian Became an Ardent Atheist|While faith may be helpful to the one possessing it, making him feel good and fulfilled and peaceful inside, one thing it is not is responsible. It cannot be. No matter how much you might value your faith, it cannot be responsible. Why not? Faith, by its very nature, is invested with your personal feelings on any given matter.
Rhein Fathia, Gloomy Gift|Michelle: It wasn't my house. It was owned by a brownie couple who owned it and rented out suites. There were a few long-term renters, like me, but it also functioned as a bed and breakfast to people and magical creatures passing through. A renter, like myself, was entitled to two meals a day, which made up for the microscopic kitchen. Being something of an indifferent or terrible cook, those kept me from eating fast food every day. I walked inside, barely pausing to wipe my feet on the mat. I swung to the right and stumbled into the dining room, hardly looking at the long table or who might be at it. I made a bee-line for the tea and slurped down half a mug. The hot, caffeinated beverage forced my eyes open and gave my movement some energy. While topping off my mug, I looked around and saw two unicorns, a dwarf and five shifters.
Loren Eiseley, The Unexpected Universe|Though men in the mass forget the origins of their need, they still bring wolfhounds into city apartments, where dog and man both sit brooding in wistful discomfort.The magic that gleams an instant between Argos and Odysseus is both the recognition of diversity and the need for affection across the illusions of form. It is nature's cry to homeless, far-wandering, insatiable man: "Do not forget your brethren, nor the green wood from which you sprang. To do so is to invite disaster.
Linda Kage, Price of a Kiss|...your mind was seizing on something to try to make sense of the emotion... Can you see the power emotion has to distort our outlook? Makes you wonder, did you have a bad day, or did you make it a bad day?
Philip José Farmer|be a dog, be a jerk, be a devil, be a worst imaginable creature, but never be a good man, for being civilized in chaos is itself a chaos.
G.A. Aiken, What a Dragon Should Know|Us in the graveyard, we wants you to stay alive. We wants you to surprise us and disappoint us and impress us and amaze us.
Nguyễn Duy Cần, Tôi Tự Học|Nếu muốn học "thấy" hãy "bịt mắt lại mà tưởng tượng trước bằng một viễn tượng trong tâm hồn"; nếu muốn học "nghe" hãy "bịt tai lại"; nếu muốn học cách "đọc sách" hãy xếp sách lại mà phỏng đoán trước những gì ta sắp đọc"... đó là để mà lóng nghe cái tiếng dội của tâm hồn. Platon nói rất sâu sắc (...). Hiểu biết, thực ra là một sự nhận ra những gì ta đã biết. Nghĩa là, cái thật biết là cái biết do mình đã tìm ra. Ta chỉ thấy được những gì ta đã thấy. Ta chỉ thích được những gì ta đã thích.
Nikki Rowe, Once a Girl, Now a Woman|Cherish the beauty and cherish the pain, both will give you experience and you will never be the same
Gustave Flaubert|If you participate in life, you don’t see it clearly: you suffer from it too much or enjoy it too much. The artist, to my way of thinking, is a monstrosity, something outside nature. All the misfortunes Providence inflicts on him come from his stubborness in denying that maxim.
J.T. Geissinger|Anyone that insults my country, my intelligence, my feminist ideals, all women in general, and a favorite childhood food, and refers to both himself and me in the third person in one sentence automatically gets an honorary spot on my Hate With Every Fiber of My Being For All Time list.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|One may not always know his purpose until his only option is to monopolize in what he truly excels at. He grows weary of hearing the answer 'no' time and time again, so he turns to and cultivates, monopolizes in his one talent which others cannot possibly subdue. Then, beyond the crowds of criticism and rejection, the right people recognize his talent - among them he finds his stage.
Debra Kaye, Red Thread Thinking: Weaving Together Connections for Brilliant Ideas and Profitable Innovations|Look for patterns, and then ask why those patterns exist.
Robert Farrar Capon, Between Noon & Three: Romance, Law & the Outrage of Grace|But all the while, there was one thing we most needed even from the start, and certainly will need from here on out into the New Jerusalem: the ability to take our freedom seriously and act on it, to live not in fear of mistakes but in the knowledge that no mistake can hold a candle to the love that draws us home. My repentance, accordingly, is not so much for my failings but for the two-bit attitude toward them by which I made them more sovereign than grace. Grace - the imperative to hear the music, not just listen for errors - makes all infirmities occasions of glory.
Nenia Campbell, Bleeds My Desire|The Holy Spirit does not speak to a soul that is distracted and garrulous. He speaks by His quiet inspirations to a soul that is recollected, to a soul that knows how to keep silence.
Daisy Goodwin, The American Heiress|A moment in heaven and a lifetime in hell, that’s the story of my life.
Robert M. Pirsig|The real ugliness lies in the relationship between people who produce the technology and the things they produce, which results in a similar relationship between the people who use the technology and the things they use.
Yousuf Karsh|More than anything, I like a jacket. You can do anything with a great jacket, the bigger the better. You can have any silhouette underneath. It gives you an attitude. It makes a gown look cool.
J.C. Ryle|He does not regard the quantity of faith, but the quality. He does not measure its degree, but its truth. He will not break any bruised reed, nor quench any smoking flax. He will never let it be said that any perished at the foot of the cross.
Cherie Blair|I think the problem is, exceptional women will always succeed. But there are plenty of less-exceptional men who succeed. Until we get the less-exceptional women succeeding equally, we do not have full equality.
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|If you can pick the baby up without him squirting our of your hands like a bar of soap in the shower, he's not oiled up enough.
Jay Weatherill|To retain respect for sausages and laws, one must not watch them in the making.
Arthur Miller, The Crucible|People today...it seems they are good, or sometimes evil, mostly by inertia, not by choice.
Eoin Colfer, The Eternity Code|We're always thinking of eternity as an idea that cannot be understood, something immense. But why must it be? What if, instead of all this, you suddenly find just a little room there, something like a village bath-house, grimy, and spiders in every corner, and that's all eternity is. Sometimes, you know, I can't help feeling that that's what it is.
Gene Tierney|Women were very, very good at 'Pong'. It was part of the dating scene. The number of people who told me they met their wife or husband playing 'Pong' was huge. They were shoulder to shoulder, talking and playing. It was body contact and verbal contact.
Joanna Faber, How to Talk so Little Kids Will Listen: A Survival Guide to Life with Children Ages 2-7|Jack, I’m just telling you, if it turns out. . .I want you to shoot me.”“Dee—”"I’m not kidding, not exaggerating, just telling you that I do not have it in me to handle that.”“You have a daughter, too. You don’t have the luxury not to handle shit.
Cynthia Hand, The Last Time We Say Goodbye|Everybody dies, and everybody loses people they love-everybody-and that is not an excuse for you to fucking die. I love you, and I need you to be my mother, and I need you to have a life. So get over yourself.
Louise Glück, The Seven Ages|Balm of the summer night, balm of the ordinary,imperial joy and sorrow of human existence,the dreamed as well as the lived—what could be dearer than this, given the closeness of death?
Summer Hines, Some Things Stay With You: A Windswept Wyoming Romance|She sank her teeth into his bottom lip, drawing blood, and gave a wicked laugh, and still he kissed her. Not out of desperation or hope or for luck, but simply because he wanted to. Saints, he wanted to. He kissed her until the cold night fell away and his whole body sang with heat. He kissed her until the fire burned up the panic and the anger and the weight in his chest, until he could breathe again, and until they were both breathless.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|I once visited a village of primitive people.At village, I felt time and life moved slower.
Thomas Ferreolus, Sounds of War: Iraq Attack of Thomas Edington|With your visualization intact, commit to act.
Renee Ahdieh, The Wrath and the Dawn|I understand how difficult it is, putting your heart in someone else’s hands. But, if you don’t, how will you ever truly know a person?
Sandranil Biswas|What if we choose not to do the things we are supposed to do? The principal gain is a sense of an authentic act – and an authentic life. It may be a short one, but it is an authentic one, and that's a lot better than those short lives full of boredom. The principal loss is security. Another is respect from the community. But you gain the respect of another community, the one that is worth having the respect of.
Heather Thurmeier, The Hookup Hoax|Not planned... Hoped for maybe, but not planned. I’m a guy. I pretty much always think sex might be an option.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|That sounded sweet enough to almost be intelligent, but it was chauvinistic as hell.
Mark Manson, The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life|Because when you give too many fucks—when you give a fuck about everyone and everything—you will feel that you’re perpetually entitled to be comfortable and happy at all times, that everything is supposed to be just exactly the fucking way you want it to be. This is a sickness. And it will eat you alive. You will see every adversity as an injustice, every challenge as a failure, every inconvenience as a personal slight, every disagreement as a betrayal.
John F. Kennedy|Science is not, as so many seem to think, something apart, which has to do with telescopes, retorts, and test-tubes, and especially with nasty smells, but it is a way of searching out by observation, trial and classification; whether the phenomena investigated be the outcome of human activities, or of the more direct workings of nature's laws. Its methods admit of nothing untidy or slip-shod; its keynote is accuracy and its goal is truth.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|I nearly killed a rabbit" is not an ingredient for preparing broth or pepper soup. "I lost it" may seem bitter; but "I nearly won it" is bitterest! Remember, if it must be done, then it must be done well!
J. Benson, Haiku to Live By: Life affirming messages, to hearten your day|Learn to listen when people are talking. Frist, it's a great art, and second, it's quite possible that when people say ne thing they mean another.
Milos Forman|Now, one of the most essential branches of English liberty is the freedom of one's house.
Lesley Livingston, The Valiant|This oath is the oath we all swear. Not to a god, or a master, or to the Ludu Achillea...but to our sisters who stand here with us. Our sisters. This is the oath that binds us all, one to one, all to all, so that we are no longer free. We belong to each other. We are bound to each other. In swearing to each other, we free ourselves from the outside world, from the world of men, from those who would seek to bind us to Fate and that which would make us slaves. We sacrifice our liberty so that, ultimately, we can be truly free.
Eduardo Galeano|I got interested in reading very early, because a story was read to me, by Hans Christian Andersen, which was 'The Little Mermaid,' and I don't know if you remember 'The Little Mermaid,' but it's dreadfully sad. The little mermaid falls in love with this prince, but she cannot marry him because she is a mermaid.
Naomi Klein, No Logo|The foreign correspondent is frequently the only means of getting an important story told, or of drawing the world's attention to disasters in the making or being covered up. Such an important role is risky in more ways than one. It can expose the correspondent to actual physical danger; but there is also the moral danger of indulging in sensationalism and dehumanizing the sufferer. This danger immediately raises the question of the character and attitude of the correspondent, because the same qualities of mind which in the past separated a Conrad from a Livingstone, or a Gainsborough from the anonymous painter of Francis Williams, are still present and active in the world today. Perhaps this difference can best be put in one phrase: the presence or absence of respect for the human person.
Hilary McKay, Saffy's Angel|One by one they dissapeared Pumpkin last of all. The last May saw of himwas his sad face under his waving tuft of hair and then his long fingers,reaching out toward her for a hug that would never happen now as they turned around the bend.
James Aldridge, The Diplomat|The fact is, the great intellectuals of the western religious tradition from Augustine to Aquinas and Peter Abelard became philosophically dominant. The intellectual tradition was preserved. The great intellectuals of the Islamic tradition like Averroes and Avicenna became heretics whose influence disappeared under the weight of rote preaching and practice. Islam as a result has a moral code, a legalistic system of right and wrong, but no evolved ethical tradition.
Marc Crepeaux, Letters Never Meant to be Read|We had a great time hanging out with the nerdy girls of that suite and pretending to be so depressed and in pain. The problem was, you were never pretending
Andy Warhol|I'm bored with that line. I never use it anymore. My new line is "In 15 minutes everybody will be famous.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness depends on perception, not on possessions.
Charles Baudelaire, Selected Writings on Art and Literature|How convenient it is to declare that everything is totally ugly within the habit of the époque, rather than applying oneself to extract from it the dark and cryptic beauty, however faint and invisible it is.
Frank Sonnenberg, Follow Your Conscience: Make a Difference in Your Life & in the Lives of Others|People might say that they liked honesty, but they didn’t, really.
Alexandra Bracken, Never Fade|A mannequin? An unfeeling heartless bitch who feeds on others' misery and is physically incapable of crying, unless it's tears of blood?
Fiddler on the Roof|If money is a curse, may God smite me with it, and may I never recover!
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|Long ago I decided that at a political meeting the truth usually comes out in just such a speech or a remark ignored at the time because its tone is not that of the meeting. Humorous, or satirical, or even angry or bitter — yet it’s the truth, and all the long speeches and contributions are nonsense.
Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves|I still get nightmares. In fact, I get them so often I should be used to them by now. I'm not. No one ever really gets used to nightmares.
Auliq Ice|In life; threats, misery and pain weigh the same.
John Muir|Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where Nature may heal and cheer and give strength to body and soul alike.
Roger Ebert|Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays.
Sigmund Freud|Human beings are funny. They long to be with the person they love but refuse to admit openly. Some are afraid to show even the slightest sign of affection because of fear. Fear that their feelings may not be recognized, or even worst, returned. But one thing about human beings puzzles me the most is their conscious effort to be connected with the object of their affection even if it kills them slowly within.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Support can come from many, but growth is only achieved by the individual.
Hubert Martin|...4-5-6: when time escapes the day in its most beautiful way. She starves for that beauty, she longs to quench her limitless thirst, but those moments are so fleeting and their limit is her unrest. Her bones are hollow and heavy as she takes a single step, and in that instant she is gone, blinded by the flash of a stray ray of light, her eyes close in that moment and stars flood her night. She falls forward slow, counting the half seconds of her descent. Her eyes stay closed, her thoughts are spent.
Gudjon Bergmann, The Author's Blueprint|Motivated authors sacrifice TV time, sleep, hobbies, and even family time.
René-Antoine Ferchault de Réaumur|It’s almost funny, isn’t it?”“What is?”“How some animals are worth more than others?”“Well,” he handed Konrad a sugar cube from a tin on the shelf. “It isn’t just the animal; it’s the type of animal.”“Color, shape, size? If people pay for an animal based on what it looks like, what does that say about them?”“It isn’t necessarily what they look like.” He frowned. “It’s about where they come from.”“That’s silly,” she said.
Diana T. Scott, Our Demons, Best Friends|Doors opened everywhere. Maybe one day, the children of this world who had gone to that world to save themselves would see a door that didn't fit right with the walls around it, something with a doorknob made of a moon, or a knocker that winked. Maybe they could still go home,
Alan Goodare, Sleeping Partners|I found that old Solomon proved it fair, That a big-belly'd bottle's a cure for all care.
Peter Tremayne, Shroud for the Archbishop|It is so rare to find someone of true understanding; for the most part they judge purely by their own standards and ignore everyone else. So all they see of me is a façade. There are times when I am forced to sit with them and on such occasions I simply ignore their petty criticisms, not because I am particularly shy but because I consider it pointless. As a result, they now look down upon me as a dullard.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|If you’ve been there, done that, gotten the t-shirt, isn’t it time to move on to a new destination? Don’t waste a lot of time stressing the “could have’s” – because if it should have, it would have!
Roger Waters|Did you see the frightened ones,Did you hear the falling bombs,Did you ever wonder why we had to run for shelter in the promise of a brave new world unfurlled beaneath the clear blue skies.Good bye blue skies.
Gregory S. Prince, Jr., Teach Them To Challenge Authority: Educating for healthy societies|As the world fights those who use violence to advance their agenda, engagement, not neutrality,is needed in our educational systems.
Nikki Rowe|A moment can change the way you view the world, and the way you view the world will give you more moments.
Hector Perez|Your healing begins with a step of faith in the Great Physician, Jesus Christ.
Erik Pevernagie|When we are “time traveling”, we may trip over problems from the past which distort our memory. If we are weary of dealing with lost causes or lame ducks in our history, we have to make up our mind and give up destructive thinking patterns. At that juncture, time has come to go back to the future. ( “A glimpse of the future" )
Del Suggs, Truly Leading: Lessons in Leadership|Understand that all motivation is internal, or intrinsic.
Josiah Strong|After all my years of playing soldiers, and then of reading History, I have almost a mania to be in the East, to see fighting, and to serve.
Lewis H. Michaux|The best part of a writer's biography is not the record of his adventures but the story of his style. [Vogue, interview, 1969]
Akansh Malik, Love Heals Everything|Once we start writing with a pen, we are not allowed to erase our mistakes, we are forced to deal with it.
Catherine Lowell, The Madwoman Upstairs|Isn't there some truth in all fiction?" "There's some fiction in all truth too.
Jim Trelease, The Read-Aloud Handbook|The more you read, the better you get, the more better you get, the more you like it; and the more you like it, the more you do it.
Markham Shaw Pyle|It's halftime. Both teams are in their locker room discussing what they can do to win this game in the second half.It's halftime in America, too. People are out of work and they're hurting. And they're all wondering what they're going to do to make a comeback. And we're all scared, because this isn't a game.The people of Detroit know a little something about this. They almost lost everything. But we all pulled together, now Motor City is fighting again.I've seen a lot of tough eras, a lot of downturns in my life. And, times when we didn't understand each other. It seems like we've lost our heart at times. When the fog of division, discord, and blame made it hard to see what lies ahead.But after those trials, we all rallied around what was right, and acted as one. Because that's what we do. We find a way through tough times, and if we can't find a way, then we'll make one.All that matters now is what's ahead. How do we come from behind? How do we come together? And, how do we win?Detroit's showing us it can be done. And, what's true about them is true about all of us.This country can't be knocked out with one punch. We get right back up again and when we do the world is going to hear the roar of our engines.Yeah, it's halftime America. And, our second half is about to begin.
Deepak Chopra|How do you surrender when every cell of your being is screaming that your life is not working and that you need to do something to make it work? How do you surrender in that moment when jealousies, envy, doubt, rage, resentment all rise up inside you? You accept that you are resisting letting go; you accept that perhaps you are not yet ready to take your hands off the steering wheel; you accept this with kindness to who you are in the moment, being gentle and tender instead of beating yourself over the head with the 'Must hurry up, time is of the essence, everyone is passing me by' train of thought.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|Me and you, we got more yesterday than anybody. We need some kind of tomorrow.
Claire North, The Sudden Appearance of Hope|Wow, that is so deep.'He meant it, of course.'You're really real,' he added breathily. 'Say something else.'I decided he wasn't worth punching, and walked away.
William T. Vollmann, The Ice-Shirt|You come from your mauma, you sleep in the bed with her till you're near twenty years grown, and you still don't know what haunches in the dark corners of her.
Tony Tan|I usually write about ordinary people and ordinary things, but Paul Farmer is the least ordinary person I've ever met... He's the leader of a small group of people who hope to cure a sick world, and I hope my book can help in some small way.
Steven Magee, Solar Radiation, Global Warming and Human Disease|There is no limit on the level that the reflections can be at and in a modern environment, such as a city, the albedo can increase the power levels many times of the sky based solar radiation of direct and diffuse combined. The trees prevent the albedo reflections from occurring.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Male writers who never find the stabilizing force of an understanding woman in their lives usually end up as the jaded figures of their days, the types who give much artistic expression to the world, but who are lonely in their overcrowded worlds of love.
Andrew Murray, Waiting On God: Daily Messages for a Month|Surely,” he said, “the great mountains of the world are a present remedy if men did but know it against our modern discontent and ambitions. In the hills is wisdom’s fount. They are deep in time. They know the ways of the sun and the wind, the lightning’s fiery feet, the frost that shattereth, the rain that shroudeth, the snow that putteth about their nakedness a softer coverlet than fine lawn.
Colin Duriez, The Return of the Ring Volume I: Proceedings of the Tolkien Society Conference 2012|It could be said that the lectures changed the way many people thought about myth, fairy story, and poetry, and even about the relationship of imagination to thought and to language. One of the brilliant but cryptic insights he expressed was: ‘To ask what is the origins of stories … is to ask what is the origin of language and of the mind.
Thomas Kinkade|High culture is paranoid about sentiment, but human beings are intensely sentimental. And if art doesn’t speak language that’s acceptable to people, it relegates itself to obscurity.
Iris Murdoch|Every persisting marriage is based on fear', said Peregrine. 'Fear is fundamental, you dig down in human nature and what's at the bottom? Mean spiteful cruel self-regarding fear, whether it makes you to put the foot in it or whether it makes you to cower...
Mensah Oteh|Words are life. They can tear down or build up, so use them wisely.
Lois Mowday Rabey|When the Holy Father passed away in 2005, Laura, Dad, Bill Clinton, and I flew together to his funeral in Rome. It was the first time an American president had attended the funeral of a pope, let alone brought two of his predecessors.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|Josey shook her head, thinking, if Della Lee were a candy, she would be a SweeTart. Not the hard kind that broke your teeth, the chewy kind, the kind you had to work on and mull over, your eyes watering and your lips turning up into a smile you didn't want to give.
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|Twins were deified, and sacrificed, in a more savage culture: hypersimilitude was equivalent to the murder of the original, and thus to a pure non-meaning.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|One and all do mistakes, that doesn’t mean they all are sinner
Kelli Jae Baeli, Falling Through the Cracks: The Misadventures of No One Famous|What doesn't kill you, makes you stronger...unless it instead snaps your spine. Then it makes you a paraplegic.
Vladimir Lenin|He loved her with the fire of a thousand suns, she was his solace in the chaos, his redemption.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To seek the praise of men as our motivation is to abandon truly great things, for more often than not truly great things elicit the ire of men far more than they garner their praises.
Paul Theroux|What draws me in is that a trip is a leap in the dark. It's like a metaphor for life. You set off from home, and in the classic travel book, you go to an unknown place. You discover a different world, and you discover yourself.
R.S. Belcher|Hypocrisy a homage is true, That vice pays to virtue, Be man - himself so true, That no false does he brew.
Rick Riordan|I past another telkhine, who was so startled he dropped his Lil' Demons lunch box. I left him alive - partly because he had a cool lunch box...
Paloma Faith|If you travel to Germany, it's still absolutely Germany. If you travel to Sweden, it still has a Swedish identity.
Dick Francis, Reflex|Most people think, when they're young, that they're going to the top of their chosen world, and that the climb up is only a formality. Without that faith, I suppose, they might never start. Somewhere on the way they lift their eyes to the summit and know they aren't going to reach it; and happiness then is looking down and enjoying the view they've got, not envying the one they haven't.
Eraldo Banovac|Sometimes people think the old days were better than today. Even though life was simpler and slower, it was not necessarily easier.
Marc Ostrofsky|It is true that women tend to be more identified with their bodies because in this crazy world, both men and women measure women's value as human beings in relationship to their physical appearance.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful|Time is a great teacher, but Cosmic Ordering is a great provider.
Thomas Mann, Buddenbrooks: The Decline of a Family|You think I'm with you out of guilt?""No, you ass. Of course not. I just mean—""You're a nut, MacAllister. I'm with you because I love you."There it was, out. Three little words. Three of the most common words in the world, but string them together and they were more powerful than any warrant, any extradition papers, or even treaty. Stronger than any magical spell. Had he really never said them aloud to Taylor?
Michael Leunig|It is at Easter that Jesus is most human, and like all humans, he fails and is failed. His is not an all-powerful God, it is an all-vulnerable God.
Martin Heidegger,|Metaphysics thinks about beings as beings. Wherever the question is asked what beings are, beings as such are in sight. Metaphysical representation owes this sight to the light of Being. The light itself, i.e., that which such thinking experiences as light, does not come within the range of metaphysical thinking; for metaphysics always represents beings only as beings. Within this perspective, metaphysical thinking does, of course, inquire into the being which is the source and originator of this light. But the light itself is considered sufficiently illuminated as soon as we recognize that we look through it whenever we look at beings.In whatever manner beings are interpreted―whether as spirit, after the fashion of spiritualism; or as becoming and life, or idea, will, substance, subject, or *energeia*; or as the eternal recurrence of the same events―every time, beings as beings appear in the light of Being. Wherever metaphysics represents beings, Being has entered into the light. Being has arrived in a state of unconcealedness (aletheia). But whether and how Being itself involves such unconcealedness, whether and how it manifests itself in, and as, metaphysics, remains obscure. Being in its revelatory essence, i.e., in its truth, is not recalled. Nevertheless, when metaphysics gives answers to its question concerning beings as such, metaphysics speaks out of the unnoticed revealedness of Being. The truth of Being may thus be called the ground in which metaphysics, as the root of the tree of philosophy, is kept and from which it is nourished.Because metaphysics inquires about beings as beings, it remains concerned with beings and does not devote itself to Being as Being. As the root of the tree, it sends all nourishment and all strength into the trunk and its branches. The root branches out in the soil to enable the tree to grow out of the ground and thus to leave it. The tree of philosophy grows out of the soil in which metaphysics is rooted. The ground is the element in which the root of the tree lives, but the growth of the tree is never able to absorb this soil in such a way that it disappears in the tree as part of the tree. Instead, the roots, down to the subtlest tendrils, lose themselves in the soil. The ground is ground for the roots, and in the ground the roots forget themselves for the sake of the tree...Metaphysics, insofar as it always represents only beings as beings, does not recall Being itself. Philosophy does not concentrate on its ground. It always leaves its ground―leaves it by means of metaphysics. And yet, it never escapes its ground...Insofar as a thinker sets out to experience the ground of metaphysics, insofar as the attempts to recall the truth of Being itself instead of merely representing beings as beings, his thinking has in a sense left metaphysics. From the point of view of metaphysics, such thinking goes back into the ground of metaphysics."―from_The Way Back to the Ground of Metaphysics_
Shaquille O'Neal|People in the business will stay with you through drugs and alcohol and divorces and insanity and everything else, but you have a failure, pal, and they don't want to know nothing about you!
Debasish Mridha|Live, not just for livingLive, not just for gettingLive for the beauty of lovingLive for the joy of giving.
Philip K. Dick, VALIS|Because God took one look at Adam and said, 'Wow. This guy's going to need all the help he can get.' And here we are.
Ehab Atalla, The Secrets of Business|To be a great business person, you must be a great observer.
Dan Groat, A Punctual Paymaster|Cold is hot, if you love it; hot is cold, if you hate it!
Germany Kent|Live your life in such a way that you'll be remembered for your kindness, compassion, fairness, character, benevolence, and a force for good who had much respect for life, in general.
Dee Dee Artner|Nothing is perfect and this is the perfect reason for men to keep on learning, understanding and discovering.
Martina Boone, Compulsion|Things, and people, were always more beautiful when you were afraid to lose them.
Jim Paul, Catapult: Harry and I Build a Siege Weapon|All I'm trying to say is that if you're not willing to observe this, if you're just going to condemn it, you're never going to see it. It's there, whether you like it or not. This is stupid life-force we're dealing with here," he said. "Think how old it is, Jim. Think how huge it is. Understanding it doesn't make any difference.
Michio Kaku|Adult life is dealing with an enormous amount of questions that don't have answers. So I let the mystery settle into my music. I don't deny anything, I don't advocate anything, I just live with it.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|When we oppose oppression, we lift our hands from the collective reins that empower such oppression.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|Pain is inevitable, suffering is optional." Pain is what the world brings on us, suffering is what we do to ourselves emotionally and Spiritually.Most Spiritual teachings tell us (in one form or another) to "Give thanks in ALL things" nothing is left out when the word ALL is used. So ALL would definitely include pain. Whenever we do not give thanks in ALL things, on some level, we will Spiritually suffer. So give Thanks for the pain and avoid the suffering.
Machado de Assis|O Diabo, invejoso, fez o homem confundir fé com religião e amor com casamento.
Mark Zero, The French Art of Revenge|Only Those Who Take Risk, Succeed!
Richard   Preston, The Hot Zone: The Terrifying True Story of the Origins of the Ebola Virus|In biology, nothing is clear, everything is too complicated, everything is a mess, and just when you think you understand something, you peel off a layer and find deeper complications beneath. Nature is anything but simple.
Kaje Harper, Breaking Cover|There isn’t a good side and a bad side of you or of anybody, so there’s no need to be at war with yourself or anyone or anything at all.All we are is a bunch of dozy people in the process of waking up.All we really need to do is try gently to be open to continuing that process.It’s no good getting worked up about stuff – it’s better to relax and laugh at our mistakes, then figure out how to learn from them and move on.
Edward Steichen|I find human beings to be so complex and full of beauty. Creativity is our way to express and challenge and flow. So, all you humans, create and flow! I'll be over here thinking you are beautiful and creepy and freaky and wonderful!
Andrew Murray|Each time, before you intercede, be quiet first, and worship God in His glory. Think of what He can do, and how He delights to hear the prayers of His redeemed people. Think of your place and privilege in Christ, and expect great things!
A.E.  Kirk, Demons at Deadnight|A cool hand touched my arm. I jerked back. “Don’t! You’ll burn!”“I’m used to it.” Ayden’s brown eyes twinkled. “In fact, I’ve been told I’m smokin’.” He held out a hand, his voice soft. “By an incredible redhead who I wish, for once, knew she could trust me.
Kylie Scott, Play|Stick your dick in’?” I asked, my brows probably touching. “Did you actually just say that?” “Make love. I meant make love … of course. I would never just stick my dick in you. I would make mad, passionate love to this sweet, sweet body of yours for days, no, weeks. It would be beautiful, pumpkin. There’d be little angels, and birdies, and you know … all just hanging around, watching. Perverts.
Red Haircrow|Whatever your difficulty, whatever your hardship in life: Dance and make the song you sing your prayer. Sing it courageously, and with each step strengthen yourself with the knowledge and wisdom of your elders, so that whatever next happens, you can survive and not lose your rhythm.
Monica Johnson|If you do good work, it tends to stick around. People still come up to me and say, 'The Ref' is my favorite Christmas movie.'
Douglas Coupland, Generatie X: Vertellingen voor een versnelde cultuur|I'd sooner have died than admit that the most valuable thing I owned was a fairly extensive collection of German industrial music dance mix EP records stored for even further embarrassment under a box of crumbling Christmas tree ornaments in a Portland, Oregon basement. So I told him I owned nothing of any value.
Tecumseh|What's natural and right is to go with the energy of how it all has to work together. What's natural and right is interconnectedness, not individualism. What is natural and right is respect for the system, not killing the system. What's natural and right is love.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|We never surrendered. We always kept in our hearts the most noble, beautiful feeling that sets human beings apart: hope.
Lindsey Kelk, What a Girl Wants|As a society of unbelief, Western culture is devoid of a sense of journey, of adventure, because it lacks belief in much more than the cultivation of an ever-shrinking horizon of self-preservation and and self-expression.
Bob Schaffer|I grew up in a very westernised environment and went to a private American school. But my personality was shy and quiet, and I wanted to wear the hijab but didn't have the courage, as I knew my friends would talk me out of it.
Luke Ford|I think I would cope like anyone copes with any tragedy. I'm sure I would be very upset for a while and then there would come a point where I would either have to stay in this place of darkness and anger, or I'd have to accept that it happened.
Svetlana Chmakova, Awkward|My mom says . . . there are bad people who hurt others for fun . . . and there are good people who do it by accident. Like, they make a mistake? I think you're a good person.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|Sleep is the interest we have to pay on the capital which is called in at death. The higher the interest rate and the more regularly it is paid, the further the date of redemption is postponed
Debasish Mridha|When someone received immortal love, their life becomes eternal.
Sunday Adelaja|If the modern Protestant churches must maintain her place of relevance in the society, we would need to review where we missed it and how we have diverted from the teachings of the Protestants.
Dennis  James|It takes confidence to be wholeheartedly intimate and passionately committed. Men who are emotionally unavailable have a self-confidence deficit, plain and simple. So man up and get rid of those insecurities or whatever it is that keeps you from opening up. Because if you're not man enough to talk about your own feelings, then you're not man enough to be in a committed relationship.
Soothsayer from Kung Fu Panda 2|Your story may not have such a happy beginning but that does not make you who you are, it is the rest of it- who you choose to be
Gayle D. Erwin, Spirit Style|Breathes there the man with soul so dead, Who never to himself hath said, This is my own, my native land.
Paul D. Escott, Uncommonly Savage: Civil War and Remembrance in Spain and the United States|In the United States the continued influence of the old elite meant that southern politics fell under the domination of a Democratic Party that gloried the Confederacy, the Lost Cause, the Ku Klux Klan, and resistance to Reconstruction. White supremacy was made into the fundamental cause of the South, and racism became the tool to enforce white unity behind the Democratic Party whenever a political challenge arose. Another tactic used over and over again to maintain the Solid South was to warn against outside threats and outside agitators. The mentality of a defensive, isolated, but gallant South helped Democratic leaders to deflect attention from the problems of their society and the effects of their rule.These powerful social currents, aided by women’s groups such as the United Daughters of the Confederacy, shaped and inhibited the region’s culture. Conformity to white supremacy, segregation, and Democratic Party rule was a social imperative for generations of southerners who were indoctrinated in the belief that they had suffered grave injustice with the defeat of their glorious Lost Cause. Had the diverse political leaders of so-called Radical Reconstruction continued to exercise some power or influence, the South would have been a very different society [187].
Oscar Wilde|Certainly people make mistakes in their life. I'm no different, I've made mistakes. When people mess up, we forgive them. When I mess up, I ask for forgiveness.
Justin Buzzard, The Big Story: How the Bible Makes Sense out of Life|Jesus doesn't come asking if He can hang out with us. He commands us to follow Him. He has total authority and will settle for nothing less; He won't settle for being an accessory, an add- on, or a peaceful accompaniment to a nice life. No, He will rule and He will meddle.
Devi Di Guida|In essence, love makes no sense, In fact, there is more nonsense than sense in love. Great philosophers - Socrates, Plato and Aristotle alike, could only ponder on this delicate and mystifying subject, and that was way before I graced this planet with my own messed up resonance of amour. Perhaps, in an effort to make sense out of nonsense, the meaning of love was lost in translation over time, or by the mere fact that, to this day there has ben no valid interpretation.
Colleen Mariotti, Livology: A Global Guide to a Deliberate Life|It is such a privilege to learn from children as they discover new worlds of possibility and give themselves full over to their dreams, inspiring a few adults along the way.
Alina Baker|We can't choose our blood, but we can choose those who run importance in our lives.
Alexander Hamilton|At Athens, wise men propose, and fools dispose.
Charles de Secondat|Finding that no religion is based on facts and cannot be true, I began to reflect what must be the condition of mankind trained from infancy to believe in error.
Kevin Focke|You just know this is going to be bad," Susan said."—but when I went to college," Harry continued, throwing a piece of bread at Susan, "if your roommate died, you were usually allowed to skip your finals for that semester. You know, because of the trauma.""And oddly enough, your roommate got to skip them, too," Susan said. "For much the same reason.
Pele|When you are learning about a martial art, it is about respect.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan|COME HOME, TENAR! COME HOME!”In the deep valley, in the twilight, the apple trees were on the eve of blossoming; here and there among the shadowed boughs one flower had opened early, rose and white, like a faint star. Down the orchard aisles, in the thick, new, wet grass, the little girl ran for the joy of running; hearing the call she did not come at once, but made a long circle before she turned her face toward home. The mother waiting in the doorway of the hut, with the firelight behind her, watched the tiny figure running and bobbing like a bit of thistledown blown over the darkening grass beneath the trees.
Kekla Magoon, Camo Girl|If you make lots of little changes to your lifestyle, you’ll need to make time to have some fun too, otherwise life can get a little boring.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Be strong in heart, spirit and mind.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|Not the kind of person, who believes that it is best to believe "what happened, happened as it should happen" when things don't come as expected.
Hugh Dancy|Family trips to Yellowstone and to what are now national parks in Southern Utah, driving the primitive roads and cars of that day, were real adventures.
Stefanie Weisman, The Secrets of Top Students: Tips, Tools, and Techniques for Acing High School and College|Ah, group projects. Some people love 'em, some people hate 'em - okay, most people hate 'em. Your grade now depends on other people whom you may never have met before, and you've somehow got to do the impossible: find some time when a bunch of super-busy high school or college students can actually meet in person.
Denis Waitley|Time is an equal opportunity employer. Each human being has exactly the same number of hours and minutes every day. Rich people can't buy more hours. Scientists can't invent new minutes. And you can't save time to spend it on another day. Even so, time is amazingly fair and forgiving. No matter how much time you've wasted in the past, you still have an entire tomorrow.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|It will make you powerful. But it will also make you weak. Your prowess in combat will be beyond any mortal's, but your weaknesses, your failings will increase as well."You mean I'll have a bad heel?" I said. "Couldn't I just, like, wear something besides sandals? No offense.
Tahir Shah, Beyond The Devil's Teeth|Impressive deduction,” Ryan murmured. “You certainly look deeper than most.” He brushed back a strand of my hair, and I screwed my eyes shut. He was doing this on purpose. “But let me give you some advice.” His lips were right next to my ear. “I wouldn’t peer too far. Even the clearest window can cast back your own reflection.
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|Eating words and listening to them rumbling in the gut is how a writer learns the acid and alkali of language. It is a process at the same time physical and intellectual. The writer has to hear language until she develops perfect pitch, but she also has to feel language, to know it sweat and dry. The writer finds the words are visceral, and when she can eat them, wear them, and enter them like tunnels she discovers the alleged separation between word and meaning between writer and word is theoretical.
Alicia O'Brien|I don't want to drain what little energy I have on hate, on envy, on blame. I'll need every last drop to better myself, so I can make what little impact I can in this world.
Katie MacAlister, Dragon Fall|He's not really my man," I protested.	One fuzzy white eyebrow rose over the lens of his glasses. "You were certainly ogling him as if he was.
Rachel Cusk, Outline|She scraped her spoon around the bottom of the honey jar. She was aware, she said, that this was also a cultural malaise, but it had invaded her inner world to the extent that she felt herself summed up, and was beginning to question the point of continuing to exist day in and day out when 'Anne's life' just about covered it.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan|I love going to Africa and stuff. I love going anywhere, really, but I've been to Africa a bunch of times and it's just a beautiful place that needs help, obviously, but helping people that are really thankful is really easy to do. And the people out there always seem so thankful.
Nargis Fakhri|Numerous studies have shown how when one person in a romantic coupling gets depressed, the other becomes more depressed.
John Henry Newman, The Idea of a University|A university training is the great ordinary means to a great but ordinary end; it aims at raising the intellectual tone of society…It is the education which gives a man a clear conscious view of his own opinions and judgments, a truth in developing them, an eloquence in expressing them and a force in urging them.
C.S. Lewis, Perelandra|Liberals tend to understand that a person can be lucky or unlucky in all matters relevant to his success. Conservatives, however, often make a religious fetish of individualism.Many seem to have absolutely no awareness of how fortunate one must be to succeed at anything in life, no matter how hard one works. One must be lucky to be able to work. One must be lucky to be intelligent, physically healthy, and not bankrupted in middle age by the illness of a spouse.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Positive mindset, positive attitude and positive action.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|And that, ...is the story of our country, one invasion after another...Macedonians. Saddanians. Arabs. Mongols. Now the Soviets. But we're like those walls up there. Battered, and nothing pretty to look at, but still standing.
Janis Joplin|I'm not that lazy, but I don't need that much money. I lead a fairly simple life.
Dan Chaon, Ill Will|People say the darkness is where secrets are best hidden. Night time brings clarity and focus to owls, even if the aperture of this vision comes with a stigma.
Sunday Adelaja|If your prayers remain unanswered, start fasting
K. Chrisbacher, The Last Innocent|Always have a plan, but be prepared to change it at any given moment.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|Why does not the stunning evidence of the last miracle grant me confidence in the next crisis? Because my immaturity does not permit such a faith, my desperate prayer is that God would grant me a robust faith sufficient to trust Him not for one crisis, but for an eternity of miracles.
G.K. Chesterton|...the man who passes the sentence should swing the sword.""...a ruler who hides behind paid executioners soon forgets what death is.
Daphne du Maurier, The Birds and Other Stories|Winter lies too long in country towns; hangs on until it is stale and shabby, old and sullen.
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|It's amazing. The moment you show cash, everyone knows your language.
James A. Michener, Return to Paradise|My Favorite rapper Tupac Shakur.. Philosophical... The emotional depth of his lyricism. Rest in peace. So sad when I listen your music. I understand the struggle, I know exactly how you feel... Been there a million times. Wanting to change the world and Everytime you speak up, only your echo answers you back
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|Thoreau and Huxley calmly state what I have spent years trying to articulate, and never found the words for doing so. To read the words of these great men is to read the highest expression of my very self which is inexpressible due to the shortcomings of my particular nature.
Emily M. Danforth, The Miseducation of Cameron Post|I wondered about my inner child. In fact, I was troubled. Did I even have an inner child, I asked myself, given that, in essence, I’d just been born?
Mark Twain, The Autobiography of Mark Twain|When even the brightest mind in our world has been trained up from childhood in a superstition of any kind, it will never be possible for that mind, in its maturity, to examine sincerely, dispassionately, and conscientiously any evidence or any circumstance which shall seem to cast a doubt upon the validity of that superstition. I doubt if I could do it myself.
Deeanne Gist, A Bride Most Begrudging|Bitter disappointment pushed tears from her eyes."Now what's wrong? I said you could wear it."She drew in a shaky breath."I w-wanted you to l-like my dreeessssss."He moved his gaze over her."The gown makes my mouth water, love.
Mark Twain|The more I learn about people, the more I like my dog.
Simon Van Booy, The Illusion of Separateness|In the end I didn't know who I was crying for, but it was something my body wanted to do, as though trying to digest grief.
Poppet, Sveta|The closer she hip sways to me, the taller and tenser I stand, until I'm so rigid my muscles ache.
Susan Weitzman, Not To People Like Us: Hidden Abuse In Upscale Marriages|When a woman is convinced that she can stop the violence in her marriage, her stubborn determination feeds her sense of failure each time she sees that she can’t regulate her husband’s demands and abuses. In a perverse type of review, she may then ask herself how she could have been so stupid as to overlook the early warnings. This further diminishes her self-esteem.
Hilary Duff, Elixir|Who are you?" I asked."You know who I am," he replied. "I'm yours."~Clea / Sage, pg. 105
Verscon|The reason I love rules and plans and religions is that people feel safe in them for a while. And, personally, I don't have any rules. I don't need them. There's a sense of order that goes on all the time as things move and change, and I am that harmony, and so are you. Not knowing is the only way to understand... Meanings, rules, the whole world of right and wrong, are secondary at best. I understand how some people think they need to live by rules...It's very frightening for them to watch the world unfolding in apparent chaos and not realize that the chaos itself is God in his infinite intelligence.
Kat Kruger, The Night Has Teeth|The youth, intoxicated with his admiration of a hero, fails to see, that it is only a projection of his own soul, which he admires.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|In the quest for a functional and direct interaction between imagination and reality, and the evolution of them both, there is in place a natural resistance, which I have referred to as Creative Resistance, because it demands just that: creativity. Much of this calls for redefining, or refining, one’s relationship with time, and all the qualities and skills that will only come from engaging time more creatively and effectively. As such, part of the bargain is about acquiescing to a rhythm that is subtler and has more definite purpose to it than one’s subjective preferences.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Let me be on my guard when the world puts on a loving face, for it will, if possible, betray me as it did my Master, with a kiss.
Kiersten White, Paranormalcy|If you fail to report within the next 12 hours. you will be terminated. If you attack any humans, you will be terminated. If you attempt to remove the tracking device, you will be terminated. We look forward to working with you.
Bert Dodson, Keys to Drawing|None of us need ever fear that we don't have an active imagination, because imagination is mostly a willingness to entertain a strange idea now and then.
Caroline Hanson, Love is Darkness|Her gaze shifted away. "I don't remember my dreams anymore." It was like she was confessing a dirty secret. And maybe it was, because even though he hated the dreams, each time he had them, he was with his parents again. Hearing their laughter. Watching them live. But when he woke up they were really gone.
Nivedita Majumdar, ABC's of Socialism|Arguing that the only problem with a free market is lack of competition, is like arguing that that the only problem with prostitution is that there aren't enough pimps.
Tom Glavine|What I've seen around the world is if the regulatory desires are combined with things that affect consumer behavior - such as in Europe, they tax gasoline very heavily - you do get people to move to very fuel efficient cars; trade off bigger vs. smaller cars.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|It was a sort of ferocious, quiet beauty, the sort that wouldn't let you admire it. The sort of beauty that always hurt.
Mikhail Bakunin|Employees don't need to be best friends, but there does need to be a level of mutual respect and understanding.
John Pipkin, The Blind Astronomer's Daughter|But if watching the sky is to be his duty, how should he begin? Now and then he has spotted one of the five bright planets or recognized a constellation, but he knows little about the turning of the heavens. When he contemplates the great distances between this and that, and the vast multitude of solitary objects spread over the celestial dome, he cannot fathom how one goes about searching for what is yet unknown.
Dylan Moran|Yes, we do defend our office as we do defend our homes. This is a constitutional right everybody has, and nothing's funny about that. The only reason they get mad at the Black Panther Party when you do it is for the simple reason that we're political.
Truth Devour, Wantin|To become richer, earn more. To appear richer, move into a poorer neighborhood.
Steven N. Gold|She thinks she is white,' they used to sneer, and that was as bad as a curse.
Hilary McKay, Indigo's Star|I wish Italy would stop being a crybaby. I wish he would kick his bad habit of wanting to eat pasta everywhere. I wish he would stop getting a stomachache every time he ate geleto. I wish he would learn to throw a grenade properly. I wish his older brother would stop trying to punch me. I wish-"*babble babble babble*"Germany . . . That's impossible . . .
Jessie J|I wasn't ready for fame and all that brings to your life. It was an amazing experience, but so overwhelming, because no one can tell you beforehand when it will happen or how it will impact you. So no one can tell you how to handle it, being stopped everywhere you go because people saw you on 'Oprah.' It took me over, and I wasn't ready.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The more we give, the more we are blessed to keep giving.
Robert Morgan|But I liked Yeats! That wild Irishman. I really loved his love of language, his flow. His chaotic ideas seemed to me just the right thing for a poet. Passion! He was always on the right side. He may be wrongheaded, but his heart was always on the right side. He wrote beautiful poetry.
Emery Lord, The Start of Me and You|A weathered cork sat inside the box lined with green velvet. It had turned a darker brown and was a little shriveled, but the name Moet & Chandon was still clearly visible.Vivien reached inside and pulled out her mother's cork. The one she'd searched for in the bed of red impatiens. To anyone else, it was nothing. Just a weathered piece of nothing. To Vivien, it was everything.
Mercy Brown, Loud is How I Love You|Nobody can control their emotional reactions, we can only control our actions, and my current action was to slap my jealousy in the face and shove her in a vat of shut the fuck up.
Edgar Rice Burroughs|Originally it had had two settings: Stun and Kill. These had proved inadequate against the ridiculously well-armored skin of monsters from particularly rough planets, so I'd found a way to tinker with the built-in limitations. The dial now had a third setting, labeled with the handwritten words 'Solve All Immediate Problems.
Belsebuub|Spirituality is for people. It’s not just for those who you might have read about in books, it’s for people.
Alexander Pope, The Rape of the Lock|Beauties in vain their pretty eyes may roll; Charms strike the sight, but merit wins the soul.
CrimethInc., Contradictionary|There is no returning to the masses - once your forays into theory have borne you far enough away from them that you can perceive them and the benefits of being among them. the only return is through the process of disillusionment; one must cease to care about motivating the masses to be reunited with them. Likewise, there is no converting them - no matter how many people you come to join you at your outpost, from up close they will never look as impressive as the distant crowd.
Amie Kaufman, This Shattered World|A mosaic of memories takes me back to my own childhood, and then to my children. My earliest memory of St. Augustine was a day trip from Jacksonville; a day with some neighbors who were nice enough to purchase me a plastic toy-tugboat with a blue superstructure and white hull. Other accounts meld into my adult years. With its history and attractions, The Ancient City is pristine and picturesque by most accounts; but from the Newer Jail (not the Old Jail) , the perspective is very different.
P.D. James, The Children of Men|He said to the cardinal, "I'm a peasant, not instructed in the ways of heaven. But I have never broken my word. And you, a Cardinal of the Catholic Church, with all your holy garments and crosses of Jesus, lied to me like a heathen Moor. Your sacred office alone will not save your life.
Jim Butcher, Small Favor|Bring it, Darth Bathrobe!
Thomas Gilovich, How We Know What Isn't So: The Fallibility of Human Reason in Everyday Life|We humans seem to be extremely good at generating ideas, theories, and explanations that have the ring of plausibility. We may be relatively deficient, however, in evaluating and testing our ideas once they are formed
David Axelrod|But we don't have to react. That's what I'm saying. A police force, like a government, should be above that. Just because we're provoked doesn't mean we have to act. -- Still Life
Rachel  Thompson, Broken Places: A Memoir of Abuse|Writers are always alone, even in a room bursting with noises of the familiar.
Cristela Alonzo|I always say I am a realist, and my mom says, 'No, you just have anxiety.'
Bob Graham|All of this suggests that while citizens became more comfortable with President Bush after September 11 and thought him to have the requisite leadership skills, they continue to harbor doubts about his priorities, loyalties, interests, and policies.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|What a thing this sleeplessness was!...If sleep, she thought, could be compared to a gentle lake ina dark place, the sleeplessness was a roaring ocean, a raging, wind-buffeted voyage, lit with mad rocket-lights, pursued by wild phantoms from behind, plunging upon fearful rocks ahead, a mad tempest of the past and present and future all in one. Through all this the pale, strenuous mariner must somehow steer a way, until at last the weary dawn, not of sleep, but of resignation to sleeplessness, comes to calm the waters of the mind.
Christopher Hitchens, A Long Short War: The Postponed Liberation of Iraq|At the evident risk of seeming ridiculous, I want to begin by saying that I have tried for much of my life to write as if I was composing my sentences to be read posthumously. I hope this isn't too melodramatic or self-centred a way of saying that I attempt to write as if I did not care what reviewers said, what peers thought, or what prevailing opinions may be.
Fida Qutob|it is, just a door.if you never knock,it may, never open.
Neil Gaiman|These people were the first to master a new kind of late twentieth-century life. They thrived on the rapid turnover of acquaintances, the lack of involvement with others, and the total self-sufficiency of lives which, needing nothing, were never disappointed.
Jay Pathak and Dave Runyon|Often, it'a not one great, dramatic thing that God asks us to do but hundreds of little everyday things. If we want to be used by Him, if we're ready to be used and aren't all tangled up with your own plans and projects, then He'll show us the work He has for us.
Tariq Ramadan, Tariq Ramadan: On Super-Diversity|We are forever lured by the sirens of the dogmatic mind, with its haughty complacency, which determines that one´s relationship to others is only meaningful when one tries to convince them of one´s single truth. In such a spiritual and intellectual climate, holding a dialogue consists of speaking, but never of listening - the other is the privileged scope of my proselytism. My truth thus becomes a blind and blinding passion - it imprisons me, even as it was supposed to liberate me; it has become a source of alienation.
Cordelia Fine, Delusions of Gender: How Our Minds, Society, and Neurosexism Create Difference|Many people believe that gender identity...is rooted in biology...Many other people understand that gender is more like language than like biology; that is, while they understand us humans to have a biological capacity to use language, they point out we are not born with a hard-wired language "preinstalled" in our brains. Likewise, while we have a biological capacity to identify with and learn to "speak" from a particular location in a cultural gender system, we don't come into the world with a predetermined gender identity.
Leland Lewis, Angel Stories. Angelic Tales of the Universe. Tales 1 through 6.|She hadn’t planned any of this, but her thoughts ran away with her, and she hated how pathetic she must sound. Poor little human needed the big bad angel to rescue her. Yuck.
Lorraine Anderson|Nature has been for me, for as long as I remember, a source of solace, inspiration, adventure, and delight; a home, a teacher, a companion.
Pippa DaCosta, Drowning In The Dark|People are dying out there, and I’m not faring much better.”“Worrying about the demise of anonymous people won’t bring them back.”Pursing my lips, I planted a hand on a hip. “How very demon of you.”“Thank you.”“That wasn’t a compliment.”~ Muse & Akil
Leigh Bardugo, Wonder Woman: Warbringer|He's at ease, his body sculpted to the music, his shoulder searching the other shoulder, his right toe knowing the left knee, the height, the depth, the form, the control, the twist of his wrist, the bend of his elbow, the tilt of his neck, notes digging into arteries, and he is in the air now, forcing the legs up beyond muscular memory, one last press of the thighs, an elongation of form, a loosening of human contour, he goes higher and is skyheld.
Gugu Mona|Every time you hurt my heart, you are actually making it stronger.
Linda Howard, Son of the Morning|In the rest room next door there was a long, explosive sound of gas releasing, then a contented 'Ahhh.' Grace clapped a hand over her mouth to hold back the hysterical giggle that rose in her throat. She had to finish before he did, or he might hear her. The competition was the strangest in which she'd ever engaged.
Lucy Connors, The Lonesome Young|I feel the same way. It doesn't make sense, and I can't understand it, but maybe emotions aren't supposed to make sense," I finally said.One the other line, Mickey blew out a deep breath."Tomorrow, then.""Tomorrow," I agreed.Just when I thought he'd hung up, I heard his voice again. "Victoria? Take care of yourself, until I'm with you to do it.
David Platt|Jesus' fathomless love changes how you and I will live in our moments, how we'll love in our neighborhoods, and what we'll be known for in eternity.
Elle Kennedy, Claimed|Freedom was a drug, one that grabbed hold of you the second it entered your bloodstream. It made you giddy and reckless if you didn’t know how to channel it.
Simon McBurney|Everything is creative. It's all relative to me. No matter what, you've gotta use your imagination, use your senses.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Your mindset brings together your attitude, perceptions, experience, interpretations, opinions, beliefs, values, and understanding to determine how you think, act, walk, talk, behave, and engage.
Katie Reus, Shattered Duty|He kissed her like he owned her, and in that moment, he did. The kiss was rough and punishing, his tongue forcing her lips open and sweeping into her mouth with greedy precision. Electricity raced up Bailey's spine, red-hot and powerful, as powerful as the deep strokes of Sean's tongue and his tight grip on her waist."You want me," he muttered into her lips...
Grigoris Deoudis|A nation lives forever through its concepts, honour, and culture. It is for these reasons that the rulers of nations must judge and act not only on the basis of physical and material interests of the nation but on the basis of the nation's historical honour, of the nation's eternal interests. Thus: not bread at all costs, but honour at all costs.
Dean Koontz, Forever Odd|The greatest advantage of all is that when people think you're a witch, you can eat an entire serving of squash all by yourself.
VicDo|Live a life of faith, hope and love.
Ana M Frith|...I've had a lot of time to think about this, and yes, we could go down your route. The difficult, painful one, because, let's face it, Ellie, you're a fan of the hard way through. Or, we could, slowly but surely, try to forgive each other for all the mistakes we've made and the hurt we've caused each other. None of us sitting here is innocent...
Mina Marial Nicoli, The Magic of Avalon Eyrelin|Oh my darling petaled one,dream once again of the brightened sun.Lift your arms up light and high,reach with all you are for the sky.For the dream of your life is not over yet.It will not end 'till this sun has set.Breathe and sway in the breeze, darling one.Life fill your veins with the light of the sun.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|A dream becomes a reality as a result of your actions, and your actions are controlled, to a large extent, by your habits.
Lois Greenfield|It was only when I started to dig my heels in that I started to realize that's what I needed to do - that nobody was going to open the door for me, that I had to make some space.
Eleanor Roosevelt|It seems to me that I cannot afford, as a self-respecting individual, to refuse to do a thing merely because it will make me disliked or bring down a storm of criticism on my head.
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|When I am alone, I drink my tea with pinkie raised, like a kid playing "tea party." At times, a fancy British accent is involved. Dahling!
Miley Cyrus, Hannah Montana: The Movie|I'm not a fool, I knew from the beginningwhat couldn't happen. What couldn't 
Chad le Clos|My dad is a motorcycle guy, not some Hollywood dude.
Cassandra Clare, Lord of Shadows|He picked up the sketchbook, turning it so she could see his work - a gorgeous rendition of a stone bridge they'd passed, surrounded by the drooping boughs of oak trees."You could sketch me," said Emma. She flung herself down onto her seat, leaning her head on her hand. "Draw me like one of your french girls.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Why is this disengagement epidemic becoming the new norm? A few reasons I have witnessed in speaking with companies across the country include . . .•	Information overload•	Distractions•	Stress/overwhelmed•	Apathy/detachment•	Short attention span•	Fear, worry, anxiety•	Rapidly changing technology•	Entitlement•	Poor leadership•	Preoccupation•	Social media•	Interruptions•	Multitasking•	Budget cuts•	Exhaustion•	Boredom•	Conflict•	Social insecurity•	Lack of longevityThese challenges not only create separation and work dysfunction, but we are seeing it happen in relationships and personal interactions.
E.T.A. Hoffmann, The Golden Pot and Other Tales|I may be permitted, kind reader, to doubt whether you have ever been enclosed in a glass bottle, unless some vivid dream has teased you with such magical mishaps.
Julia Child, My Life in France|Like Elmore Leonard and Donald Westlake and Robert B. Parker and oh so many others, I want to die with my boots on, facedown on my keyboard if possible, in the middle of a sentence.
Alison Miller, Healing the Unimaginable: Treating Ritual Abuse and Mind Control|The "apparently normal personality" - the alter you view as "the client"You should not assume that the adult who function in the world, or who presents to you, week after week, is the "real" person, and the other personalities are less real. The client who comes to therapy is not "the" person; there are other personalities to meet and work
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|The most crucial thing to know about true love is that, it is not something you can find, rather you need to build it with the person in whose eyes you see your soul.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton|Encourage yourself, believe in yourself, and love yourself. Never doubt who you are.
Thomas S. Monson|Many are needed to plant and water what has been planted now that the faith has spread so far and there are so many people... No matter who plants or waters, God gives no harvest unless what is planted is the faith of Peter and unless he agrees to his teachings.
Sara Sampaio|Every morning, I wake up and make the most nutrient-dense green smoothie I can.
Donna Alward, Hired by the Cowboy|When you break something, is your first impulse to throw it away? Or do you repair it but feel a sadness because it is no longer "perfect"? Whatever the case, you might want to consider the way the Japanese treated the items used in their tea ceremony. Even though they were made from the simplest materials... these teacups and bowls were revered for their plain lines and spiritual qualities. There were treated with the utmost care, integrity and respect.For this reason, a cup from the tea ceremony was almost never broken. When an accident did occur and a cup was broken, there were certain instances in which the cup was repaired with gold. Rather than trying to restore it in a what they would cover the gace that it ahad been broken, the cracks were celebrated in a bold and spirited way. The thin paths of shining gold completely encircled the ceramic cup, announcing to the world that the cup was broken and repaired and vulnerable to change.And in this way, its value was even further enhanced.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If you really know how great a competition it is to enter into the Kingdom of God is, you would have increased your competitive power greatly in your pursuit for the Kingdom of God
A Gentleman|The modern man has become a machine for survival, which is largely the result of work of chemicals and genetic codes.
Justin Cronin, The City of Mirrors|While police internal affairs is allowed to protect corrupt police officers that engage in unethical behaviors, illegal activities or murder, there will always be a genuine mistrust by the common people.
N.K. Jemisin, The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms|...the long train ride was like traveling through limbo. You weren't anywhere when you were on a train, she decided. You weren't where you had been, and you weren't yet where you were going. You were nowhere. It might be beautiful outside the window-and it was, she had sense enough to realize that-but it wasn't anywhere to her, just a scene passing by that was framed by the train window. (p160)
Stellan Skarsgard|If the presidential nominating process were an international sports competition, one would assume that top officials of both parties were taking envelopes of cash from town chairs in Durham and precinct captains in Waterloo.
Rhonda Riley, The Enchanted Life of Adam Hope|Countless times, I have imagined A. rising through the rivers of this land, to the surface of Florida to be found again, pulled into the air by new hands. The possibilities are endless, but most often I imagine him found by children. Above him, the sky shimmers and undulates blue through transparent springwater. Then four small brown hands break the surface and pull him into the air and into their excited and frightened vocabularies. The delicate bones of their arms and ribs absorb his voice, shattering their knowledge of what is possible.
John Paul Warren|Count your blessings, discount you’re loses
Satyajit Ray, The Bandits of Bombay|Last, but not least -- in fact, this is most important -- you need a happy ending. However, if you can create tragic situations and jerk a few tears before the happy ending, it will work much better.
Oscar Zeta Acosta, The Revolt of the Cockroach People|For this new-married man approaching here,Whose salt imagination yet hath wrong'dYour well defended honour, you must pardonFor Mariana's sake: but as he adjudged your brother,--Being criminal, in double violationOf sacred chastity and of promise-breachThereon dependent, for your brother's life,--The very mercy of the law cries outMost audible, even from his proper tongue,'An Angelo for Claudio, death for death!'Haste still pays haste, and leisure answers leisure;Like doth quit like, and MEASURE still FOR MEASURE
Justin Kyle McFarlane Beau|A decision is a responsibility, if you cannot handle responsibility, don't take decisions.
Naomi Alderman, The Power|One of them says, 'Why did they do it?'And the other answers, 'Because they could.'That is the only answer there ever is.
Anthony Venn-Brown|Mum,” she frowned “if one has freedom of worship to either be a Christian, Muslim, Jew, Buddhist or pagan: why can’t one have freedom to marry whoever or whatever one loves?
Chris Stapleton|In traditional Asian arts, the word and the picture always sit next to each other. I have an aunt, a Chinese brush painter, who told me that when you do a Chinese brush painting, you have to pair the image up with some poetry.
Rebecca Donovan, Reason to Breathe|The very "least" among us has the enormous power to effect change through small acts of determination and will.
Confucius|Fearlessness is not only possible, it is the ultimate joy. When you touch nonfear, you are free.
Junot Díaz, Drown|You need to learn how to walk the world, he told me. There's a lot out there.
Kourtney Kardashian|I have two children and it's amazing how in tune they are with nature, with light, with smells, with time.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|Rescue operation," he says, breathless. "Saved Barbie from drowning.
L.H. Cosway, The Hooker and the Hermit|I completely lost control. I was out of my fucking mind with the taste of her, the feel of her, those little moans of pleasure she made. Fuck, that woman completely unmans me. She consumes me to the point where my brain stops functioning entirely….
C. JoyBell C.|It is of immense importance, that first and foremost, people identify themselves as human beings, rather than as a believer in a spiritual belief system. Any spiritual belief system. There is such a preoccupation with where a person will be after he/she dies, that people keep on forgetting we are all here right now— on this planet! Okay, so you are on your way to Heaven, of course, whilst many others who do not believe as you do are on their way to hell, of course— but those are not yet facts! The fact that we do have, though, is the fact that we are all here right now, on this Earth, living this life, breathing this air, and it's about time we identify ourselves with the reality in front of us: that we are human beings and we all cry, laugh, love and hurt.
Deyth Banger|It's one fucking illusion in this fucking delusion... you don't want to be in my dream, do ya?
Cleo Coyle|Annabelle, I'm going to kill you!" I cried, frowning at the mess. Then I glanced down the stairway and gasped.It looked like someone had beaten me to it.
Kate McGahan, JACK McAFGHAN: Reflections on Life with My Master|I knew then why I had to suffer. The older we get, the more reasons God gives us to seek His comfort. In the end, He sends us just enough pain and suffering so that we will want to leave. If everything were perfect, we would never choose to go. He wants us to seek an end to our suffering because He wants us to want to come Home.
Henri Matisse|You must forget all your theories, all your ideas before the subject. What part of these is really your own will be expressed in your expression of the emotion awakened in you by the subject.
Terry Pratchett, Hogfather|HUMAN BEINGS MAKE LIFE SO INTERESTING. DO YOU KNOW, THAT IN A UNIVERSE SO FULL OF WONDERS, THEY HAVE MANAGED TO INVENT BOREDOM. (Death)
Jose Rizal|I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Honestly, Clary, if you don't start utilizing a bit of your natural feminine superiority I just don't know what I'll do with you.
Steven Pinker, The Language Instinct: How the Mind Creates Language|Humans make tools. Some animals make tools too. The making and using of tools is important for developing language, how we think and speak. If we do not make anything, it affects our thinking.
Anthony T. Hincks|Smiles, rainbows and a grain of rice.I could survive on that!
Mo'Dayvia La'Beija|It could have been a thief or a murderer. I considered crying out. A thief would run away, but a murderer would murder me. On the other hand, the murderer would probably murder me if I didn't too. That was his whole thing.
Raquel Welch|Latinos are here to stay. As citizen Raquel, I'm proud to be Latina.
Paul Theroux|The misnomer is that satirists are pessimists, or even misanthropes, but usually it is just a way to unlock human potential.
Douglas Haddow, Adbusters #84 Pop Nihilism|True creativity is inherently destructive, and truly creative individuals always, without exception, seek to destroy the mediums they work within.
Neal Stephenson, Quicksilver|. . . if money is a science, then it is a dark science, darker than alchemy. It split away from Natural Philosophy millennia ago, and has gone on developing ever since, by its own rules.
Kelly Rowland|We hope President Obama will now respect the will of the people, change course, and commit to making the changes they are demanding. To the extent he is willing to do this, we are ready to work with him.
Kahlil Gibran|When you are sorrowful look again in your heart, and you shall see that in truth you are weeping for that which has been your delight.
Stephen King|A lot of movies are about life, mine are like a slice of cake.
|When there is no presence of self-love, the hunger for attention tends to take over one's mind
Solange nicole|Every man is sensitive. Some cover it up with brutality, others with cowardice and vanity, but a small few wear it bravely like armor
Richard Carmona|Innovation, especially in America, is continuing at a breakneck pace, even in areas facing substantial political or regulatory headwinds. The advances in health care in particular are breathtaking - so many selfless souls are working to advance science, and this is heartening.
Barbara Kingsolver, High Tide in Tucson|From the moment that man believes neither in God nor in immortal life, he becomes 'responsible for everything alive, for everything that, born of suffering, is condemned to suffer from life.' It is he, and he alone, who must discover law and order. Then the time of exile begins, the endless search for justification, the aimless nostalgia, 'the most painful, the most heartbreaking question, that of the heart which asks itself: where can I feel at home?
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|Therefore a wise prince ought to adopt such a course that his citizens will always in every sort and kind of circumstance have need of the state and of him, and then he will always find them faithful.
Taylor Rhodes, Sixteenth Notes: The Breaking of the Rose-Colored Glasses|It takes wisdom to know when you've had enough, strength to make the decision and determination to see it through.
Agus Harimurti Yudhoyono|The future of fiction? he said. Maybe, she said. Will it have room for, you know, love & stuff? he said. Always, she said. OK then, he said.
Cassandra Clare|Isabelle says the Queen of the Seelie Court has requested an audience with is"Sure" said Magnus. "And Madonna wants me as a backup dancer on her next world tour
|Stop spoiling your God's given beauty with an ugly attitude. It is not in any form or shape attractive. Moreover, being respectful, kind, and humble have never led anyone to a negative life.
Sophocles, Antigone|Sister - if all this is true, what could I do or undo?
Emily St. John Mandel, Last Night in Montreal|There is a value to books—unhackable, paper books—that measures far beyond mere ink and paper.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|In this here place, we flesh; flesh that weeps, laughs; flesh that dances on bare feet in grass. Love it. Love it hard. Yonder they do not love your flesh. They despise it. They don't love your eyes; they'd just as soon pick em out. No more do they love the skin on your back. Yonder they flay it. And O my people they do not love your hands. Those they only use, tie, bind, chop off and leave empty. Love your hands! Love them. Raise them up and kiss them. Touch others with them, pat them together, stroke them on your face 'cause they don't love that either. You got to love it, you! And no, they ain't in love with your mouth. Yonder, out there, they will see it broken and break it again. What you say out of it they will not heed. What you scream from it they do not hear. What you put into it to nourish your body they will snatch away and give you leavins instead. No, they don't love your mouth. You got to love it. This is flesh I'm talking about here. Flesh that needs to be loved. Feet that need to rest and to dance; backs that need support; shoulders that need arms, strong arms I'm telling you. And O my people, out yonder, hear me, they do not love your neck unnoosed and straight. So love your neck; put a hand on it, grace it, stroke it and hold it up. and all your inside parts that they'd just as soon slop for hogs, you got to love them. The dark, dark liver--love it, love it and the beat and beating heart, love that too. More than eyes or feet. More than lungs that have yet to draw free air. More than your life-holding womb and your life-giving private parts, hear me now, love your heart. For this is the prize.
Amit Kalantri|The real rich people doesn't have bank accounts, they have treasures.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Conduct of Life - Ralph Waldo Emerson (With Notes)(Biography)|Money is representative, and follows the nature and fortunes of the owner...The farmer is covetous of his dollar, and with reason. It is no waif to him. He knows how many strokes of labor it represents. His bones ache with the days' work that earned it. He knows how much land it represents - how much rain, frost and sunshine. He knows that, in the dollar, he gives you so much discretion and patience, so much hoeing and threshing. Try to lift his dollar; you must lift all that weight. In the city, where money follows the skit of a pen or a lucky rise in exchange, it comes to be looked on as light.
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|Oh Jerusalem, the city of sorrowA big tear wandering in the eyeWho will halt the aggression?On you, the pearl of religions?Who will wash your bloody walls?Who will safeguard the Bible?Who will rescue the Quran?Who will save Christ, From those who have killed Christ?Who will save man?يا قدسُ، يا مدينةَ الأحزانيا دمعةً كبيرةً تجولُ في الأجفانمن يوقفُ العدوان؟عليكِ، يا لؤلؤةَ الأديانمن يغسل الدماءَ عن حجارةِ الجدران؟من ينقذُ الإنجيل؟من ينقذُ القرآن؟من ينقذُ المسيحَ ممن قتلوا المسيح؟من ينقذُ الإنسان؟
Richard S Castellano|Margaret looked at the ring on her finger. "Gran gave me this before we boarded the ship. It's the most special thing in the world to me. I'll never take it off, Hanna. No matter how hungry I am.
Jessica Coupé, Life Abundant a 30 day devotional for Latter-day Saint Women|But never has the Call been so clearAs now, when death’s cool handEases my spirit from my fevered body--And I answer the Call of the Master—The Call to new Heights.
Mehmet Oz|From my point of view, God is the light that illuminates the darkness, even if it does not dissolve it, and a spark of divine light is within each of us.
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|What is actually observed in so-called 'biplar children'? If you read the research reports carefully, they describe broad and persistent emotional dysregulation. Although these children have mood swings, they do not develop manic or hypomanic episodes. They are moody, irritable, oppositional and likely to misbehave—like all children with disruptive behavior disorders. Their grandiose thinking usually consists of little beyond boastfulness. No evidence from genetics, neurobiology, follow-up studies or treatment response shows that this syndrome has anything in common with classical bipolarity.
Thich Nhat Hanh, How to Eat|In the evenings the family gathered at Kirkwood Hall. Sometimes Andrew cooked, sometimes Delphine. There was a bounty of vegetables from the kitchen garden: tiny patty-pan squash, radishes both peppery and sweet, beets striped deep magenta and white, golden and green, butter lettuce and spinach and peas, zucchini blossoms stuffed with Graham's mozzarella and salty anchovies. Delphine whipped eggs from the chickens into souffles. Chicken- from the chickens, sadly- were roasted in a Dutch oven or grilled under a brick. Plump strawberries from the fields and minuscule wild ones from the forest were served with a drizzle of balsamic syrup or a billow of whipped cream. Delphine's baking provided custardy tarts, flaky biscuits, and deep, dark chocolate cake.
Oliver Goldsmith|In all my wanderings through this world of care,In all my griefs -- and God has given my share --I still had hopes, my latest hours to crown,Amidst these humble bowers to lay me down;To husband out life's taper at the close,And keep the flame from wasting, by repose:I still had hopes, for pride attends us still,Amidst the swains to show my book-learn'd skill,Around my fire an evening group to draw,And tell of all I felt, and all I saw;And, as a hare, whom hounds and horns pursue,Pants to the place from whence at first she flew,I still had hopes, my long vexations past,Here to return -- and die at home at last.
Elizabeth   Hunter, A Hidden Fire|You need that pride in yourself, as well as a sense, when you are sitting on Page 297 of a book, that the book is going to be read, that somebody is going to care. You can't ever be sure about that, but you need the sense that it's important, that it's not typing; it's writing.
Tahar Ben Jelloun|Life itself is but the shadow of death, and souls departed but the shadows of the living.
Peter Berg|Sooner and later you will see great changes made, dreadful horrors and vengeances. For as the Moon is thus led by its angel, the heavens draw near to the Balance.
Teresa Tsalaky, The Transition Witness|When the human condition is finally demystified, human insecurity and nervousness will be at a maximum…for this ultimate enlightenment to be allowed, society is going to have to adhere scrupulously to the democratic principle of freedom of expression.
Michael   Lewis, The Undoing Project: A Friendship That Changed Our Minds|Which gate to enter? Which path to choose? Which stairs to take? Which direction to go? These questions can be very depressive! And sometimes the solution lies in being bold, in being imprudent!
Francis Quarles|Wise anger is like fire from a flint: there is great ado to get it out; and when it does come, it is out again immediately.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|Thinking is computation, I claim, but that does not mean that the computer is a good metaphor for the mind. The mind is a set of modules, but the modules are not encapsulated boxes or circumscribed swatches on the surface of the brain. The organization of our mental modules comes from our genetic program, but that does not mean that there is a gene for every trait or that learning is less important than we used to think. The mind is an adaptation designed by natural selection, but that does not mean that everything we think, feel, and do is biologically adaptive. We evolved from apes, but that does not mean we have the same minds as apes. And the ultimate goal of natural selection is to propagate genes, but that does not mean that the ultimate goal of people is to propagate genes.
Frederic Chopin|People look to time in expectation that it will eventually make them happy, but you cannot find true happiness by looking toward the future.
LeeAnn Whitaker, Never Another You|Above all her voice moved him. He had not known that an accent seduced his emotions. But he’d always been drawn to those with an accent. Be it woman or man. It sounded nicer. A lavender husk. More proper, elegant. His attuned ear seemed to be remembering voices from another life, another time. He could never escape the sense that he’d lost a life dear to him and that life was lived in another language.-from Who Has Known Heights: The Mystique Memoirs of a Melancholic Mind
Shannon Hale, Book of a Thousand Days|I keep thinkingThat poetry is something else:A form of love that exists only in silence,In a secret place between two people,Almost always between two strangers
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|Omnipotent-benevolent simply means that God is all-powerful and well-meaning.''I understand the concept. It's just . . . there seems to be a contradiction.''Yes. The contradiction is pain. Man's starvation, war, sickness . . .''Exactly!' Chartrand knew the camerlengo would understand. 'Terrible things happen in this world. Human tragedy seems like proof that God could not possibly be both all-powerful and well-meaning. If He loves us and has the power to change our situation, He would prevent our pain, wouldn't He?'The camerlengo frowned. 'Would He?'Chartrand felt uneasy. Had he overstepped his bounds? Was this one of those religious questions you just didn't ask? 'Well . . . if God loves us, and He can protect us, He would have to. It seems He is either omnipotent and uncaring, or benevolent and powerless to help.''Do you have children, Lieutenant?'Chartrand flushed. 'No, signore.''Imagine you had an eight-year-old son . . . would you love him?''Of course.''Would you let him skateboard?'Chartrand did a double take. The camerlengo always seemed oddly "in touch" for a clergyman. 'Yeah, I guess,' Chartrand said. 'Sure, I'd let him skateboard, but I'd tell him to be careful.''So as this child's father, you would give him some basic, good advice and then let him go off and make his own mistakes?''I wouldn't run behind him and mollycoddle him if that's what you mean.''But what if he fell and skinned his knee?''He would learn to be more careful.'The camerlengo smiled. 'So although you have the power to interfere and prevent your child's pain, you would choose to show your love by letting him learn his own lessons?''Of course. Pain is part of growing up. It's how we learn.'The camerlengo nodded. 'Exactly.
Jillian Dodd, That Boy|Christmas Eve is my favorite... I think the anticipation is more fun than anything else. I kind of lost that. The idea that something - food, traditions, an arbitrary date on the calendar - can be special because we decide it should be. We make it special. Not just for ourselves, but for others.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|He (Mohammed) was an ordinary man just like any other man. And as such his personal instincts, urges, drives as well as his philosophical goodness bubbled to the surface of his consciousness when he attained the Absolute Unitary Qualia.
Michael Morpurgo|Failure to pass TPP sends a big signal. The United States is backing off, backing away. That will create a huge void here.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|Humans are amphibians...half spirit and half animal...as spirits they belong to the eternal world, but as animals they inhabit time. This means that while their spirit can be directed to an eternal object, their bodies, passions, and imaginations are in continual change, for to be in time, means to change. Their nearest approach to constancy, therefore, is undulation--the repeated return to a level from which they repeatedly fall back, a series of troughs and peaks.
Deepak Mehra, Ready, Steady, Go!|Success is a matter of choice, not chance ~ Deepak Mehra
David Clement-Davies|The deer hovered by the trees beyond as the sounds of the ravening wolves came to them across the grass, their own senses almost frozen in impotent horror.
Barbara Kingsolver, Small Wonder|Sometimes I've survived anger only one minute at a time, by saying to myself again and again that the best kind of revenge is some kind of life beyond this, some kind of goodness. And I can lay no claim to goodness until I can prove that mean people have not made me mean.
Ricky Gervais|The best advice I've ever received is, 'No one else knows what they're doing either.
Teresa May B. Bandiola, The Forest of Evergreen (Volume 2): Found in the Wilderness|I will always be at the lake house every night, waiting until dawn.”-Abanir to Sophia
Danielle Ofri, What Doctors Feel: How Emotions Affect the Practice of Medicine|If you could understand impermanence deeply, you would develop more equanimity. You would not get too excited about either the ups and downs of life.
Robert Desnos|Oh,' said a very white body as it threw a wrist watch to the ground which broke without attracting anyone's attention, 'Oh, how can anyone not love poetry, natural machines, large white houses, the brilliance of steel, crimes and wild passions?
Pearl Zhu, Talent Master: 199+ Questions to See Talent from Different Angles|There is no need for me to worry, I've already been here somany times and each time I have made it throughalive
J.J. Semple, The Biology of Consciousness: Case Studies in Kundalini|I'm going to take care of you. I gotcha. Because that's my job, right? Taking care of my pain in the ass little brother.
Stephen Charnock|The ministry of the church is a genuine concern for others. We need to stop talking about it and start doing it. Rise.Rise and shine, friend. Everyone you meet today is on heaven's Most Wanted list.
Baruch Spinoza, Theological-Political Treatise|If Scripture were to describe the downfall of an empire in the style adopted by political historians, the common people would not be stirred.
Himmilicious|Pain gives you will power to survive, to survive you have to fight, the struggle makes you strong. strength makes you mature, maturity makes you immune to the things that causes you pain. Things hurt today will not matter tomorrow, all you have to do, hold on and deal with it.Let this pain make you immune.
Suzie Wilde, The Book of Bera|She lashed herself with every failing she could think of, then every regret, and fell to the ground, sobbing.
Charles Bukowski, Pulp|She stared at her reflection in the glossed shop windows as if to make sure, moment by moment, that she continued to exist.
Anonymous|I observed once to Goethe ... that when a friend is with us we do not think the same of him as when he is away. He replied  "Yes! because the absent friend is yourself  and he exists only in your head  whereas the friend who is present has an individuality of his own  and moves according to laws of his own  which cannot always be in accordance with those which you form for yourself."
Gary L. Francione|Veganism is about nonviolence. It is about not engaging in harm to other sentient beings; to oneself; and to the environment upon which all beings depend for life. In my view, the animal rights movement is, at its core, a movement about ending violence to all sentient beings. It is a movement that seeks fundamental justice for all. It is an emerging peace movement that does not stop at the arbitrary line that separates humans from nonhumans.
Greg Graffin, Anarchy Evolution: Faith, Science, and Bad Religion in a World Without God|But just in proportion as this process of extermination has acted on an enormous scale, so must the number of intermediate varieties, which have formerly existed, be truly enormous. Why then is not every geological formation and every stratum full of such intermediate links? Geology assuredly does not reveal any such finely graduated organic chain; and this, perhaps, is the most obvious and serious objection which can be urged against the theory. The explanation lies, as I believe, in the extreme imperfection of the geological record.
F.W. Boreham|Every decision you make, makes you. Never let other people choose who you’re going to be.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg, The Waste Books|When a book and a head collide and a hollow sound is heard, must it always have come from the book?
Slavoj Žižek, Comradely Greetings: The Prison Letters of Nadya and Slavoj|The commercialization of molecular biology is the most stunning ethical event in the history of science, and it has happened with astonishing speed. For four hundred years since Galileo, science has always proceeded as a free and open inquiry into the workings of nature. Scientists have always ignored national boundaries, holding themselves above the transitory concerns of politics and even wars. Scientists have always rebelled against secrecy in research, and have even frowned on the idea of patenting their discoveries, seeing themselves as working to the benefit of all mankind. And for many generations, the discoveries of scientists did indeed have a peculiarly selfless quality... Suddenly it seemed as if everyone wanted to become rich. New companies were announced almost weekly, and scientists flocked to exploit genetic research... It is necessary to emphasize how significant this shift in attitude actually was. In the past, purescientists took a snobbish view of business. They saw the pursuit of money as intellectuallyuninteresting, suited only to shopkeepers. And to do research for industry, even at the prestigious Bell or IBM labs, was only for those who couldn't get a university appointment. Thus the attitude of pure scientists was fundamentally critical toward the work of applied scientists, and to industry in general. Their long-standing antagonism kept university scientists free of contaminating industry ties, and whenever debate arose about technological matters, disinterested scientists were available to discuss the issues at the highest levels. But that is no longer true. There are very few molecular biologists and very few research institutions without commercial affiliations. The old days are gone. Genetic research continues, at a more furious pace than ever. But it is done in secret, and in haste, and for profit.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The Gulag Archipelago 1918-1956|Just as good and virtue, sin and evil can only be given in vigil. Who sleeps, sleeps; for the asleep there is no sin, just as there is no good, nor virtue. There is only sleep.
Amor Towles, A Gentleman in Moscow|But as the Count advanced through Essays Eleven, Twelve, and Thirteen, his goal seemed to recede into the distance. It was suddenly as if the book were not a dining room table at all, but a sort of Sahara. And having emptied his canteen, the Count would soon be crawling across its sentences with the peak of each hard-won page revealing but another page beyond.....
nomad|When we are young we fear we are not alone in the dark, When we grow up we fear we are
C. Terry Warner|There are so many random questions in life, but the important ones harldy have a random answer.
Sinclair Lewis, World So Wide|If girls could spit venom, it'd be through their eyes.
Molly Gloss|When you move something, you discover new meanings in it, Kristina thought, watching them.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|Oftentimes, the most important decisions are the most difficult to make - for, your future, and the future of the generations that come after you, hinges on the outcome of those decisions.
Randolph Bourne, The Radical Will: Selected Writings 1911-1918|For we do not do what we want to do, but what is easiest and most natural for us to do, and if it is easy for us to do the wrong thing, it is that that we will do.
David Lynch|People have evolved into something selfish, greedy and intolerant. People are unaccepting, because of religion, race, gender, sexual orientation... I've seen it in punk clubs, and I've seen it in the world.
Andrew Harvey|If you're really listening, if you're awake to the poignant beauty of the world, your heart breaks regularly. In fact, your heart is made to break; its purpose is to burst open again and again so that it can hold evermore wonders.
Louise Fitzhugh|I love what Jacksonville taught me and where it led me. The good, the bad and the indifferent all helped shape me. I may not live there anymore but it lives inside me. It is and will always be my foundation.
Brendan Cowell|All the tiny things made this mammoth union up, all the times he had picked her up from Sutherland station, made her chicken salad rolls and brought her a Lipton's iced tea, called her about Sunday and fixed Nina's shed door hinge, held her and not fucked her when she was dying with period pain, thought of what she said last night and made something of it the following afternoon, all these unspectacular deposits of love he had made and they were the currency, earning enough to have her see that he was nothing but the right one.
King Samuel Benson|A good leader is not elected, he is appointed.
Maria Urbel|To be truly able to greet life with lucidity and tinkling laughter, one must have had bravely experienced that ones heart feels as if it´s thousand years old with all the twinges of grief, nocturnal distress and loneliness and understood that not one expression of human sorrow is really alien. It can serve as a springboard for a more life-sensitive state of mind that paints even seemingly deadly boring details into gratifying wonders (it is not equal to a nauseating expression such as "seeing the good in everything"). I believe and do know that this sort of state can bring one a little closer to bearing the great mosaic that life is and maybe, rather than leaving us feeling opressed, helps us to grow a bit lighter.
Sam Levenson, In One Era & Out the Other|For attractive lips, speak words of kindness.For lovely eyes, seek out the good in people.For a slim figure, share your food with the hungry.For beautiful hair, let a child run his fingers through it once a day.For poise, walk with the knowledge you’ll never walk alone....We leave you a tradition with a future.The tender loving care of human beings will never become obsolete.People even more than things have to be restored, renewed, revived, reclaimed and redeemed and redeemed and redeemed.Never throw out anybody.Remember, if you ever need a helping hand, you’ll find one at the end of your arm.As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands: one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.Your “good old days” are still ahead of you, may you have many of them.
Jessica Spotswood, Star Cursed|Maura looks stunned, as though she's been slapped. "What about me? Don't you trust me?" She gives a hysterical little laugh. Tears are gathering in her blue eyes. "Let me guess: you think I'm reckless. 'Too easily ruled by my emotions,' Elena said. As though feeling things too deeply -- wanting more for myself and girls like us -- is so terrible!
Gloria D. Gonsalves|God’s justice in the one, and his goodness in the other, is exercised for evermore, as the everlasting subjects of his reward and punishment.
Terry Pratchett, I Shall Wear Midnight|If you do not know where you come from, then you don't know where you are, and if you don't know where you are, then you don't know where you're going. And if you don't know where you're going, you're probably going wrong.
Gwenn Wright, Midnight Under the Magnolia: Episode One|Don’t you believe any man who makes you feel like you were just a one-time thing.” His arms tighten around me and his words tickle my ear, “You could never be any man’s forgettable moment.” He holds me away from him and I feel ridiculously like I could melt in the dark pools of his eyes. “You are a force to be remembered, Dacie Mae.
Steven Magee, Light Forensics|It would appear that the blue sky is actually produced by the solar wind and solar radiation exciting air molecules to emit light, just like a neon lamp!
Alice Fulton, The Nightingales of Troy: Stories of One Family's Century|Silence is so steadfast, you know. It is so ample, after all.
Deepak Chopra|The conventional wisdom is that if you are gay, you cannot play the romantic straight lead in a movie.
Ai Yazawa, Paradise Kiss, Vol. 4|And is not all of life material- based on the material- permeated by the material? Should not one learn, gladly, to utilize the beauty of the fine material? I do not speak of the gross crudities of soporific television, of loud brash convertibles and vulgar display- but rather of grace and line and refinement- and there are wonderful and exciting things that only money can buy, such as theater tickets, books, paintings, travel, lovely clothes- and why deny them when one can have them? The only problem is to work, to stay awake mentally and physically, and NEVER become mentally, physically, spiritually flabby or over complacent!
Mehmet Murat ildan|Stephen Hawking says we will not survive another 1,000 years without escaping beyond our planet. This existence problem can be solved by increasing the number of people with free-minds! Because just like the free birds only the free minds can reach the new horizons!
Debasish Mridha|To smell and enjoy the beauty of this precious journey we call life, decorate yourself with luscious scenic nature.
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|Pick up a bee from kindness, and learn the limitations of kindness.
Mark Doty, Dog Years|My mood settles around me, a wool coat that seems to grow heavier with the months in which I accomplish very little--and then, since the coat is too heavy to allow movement, accomplish nothing at all.
Destiny-Angel King|His gaze ran over her body again, resting on the deepest of the fracture lines in her shields. 'Come here.'Purple feathers fanned around Riana's sides. Sudden tears moistened her eyes at the unexpectedness of what Sier was offering. She sank against him, and his arms folded around her back. Her weight supported, Riana let herself float on the night and tucked her face into his neck. Sier's power closed around her in a violet wave, running into her halo, slipping though her opened shields.
Kouhei Kadono, Boogiepop at Dawn|There's a bug inside you. Growing in you, eating everything you've forced yourself to forget, everything you don't want to think about. Your bug will decide your fate one day. And... chances are, you will die because of it.
Ajay Chandan|If Man is stranger to his own research however, he starts redefining the life to cover up his err,and finally in his run, at his last hour,asks himself "What is this all about?" and lets his hour pass over.
Plato|Friendship is something that creates equality and mutuality, not a reward for finding equality or a way of intensifying existing mutuality.
Clinton Kelly, I Hate Everyone, Except You|The problem, as far as I can tell, is that women spend infinitely more time than men paying attention to, competing with, worrying about, everyone other than themselves.
John Hughes|Can you imagine peaking as a teen? I think if you peak in high school, there's a problem. That's what my sister always said: 'Don't worry, you'll peak later.'
Nicholas A. Basbanes, A Gentle Madness: Bibliophiles, Bibliomanes, and the Eternal Passion for Books|For him that stealeth, or borroweth and returneth not, this book from its owner,Let it change into a serpent in his hand and rend him. Let him be struck with palsy and all his members blasted. Let him languish in pain crying out for mercy, Let there be no surcease to his agony till he sink in dissolution. Let bookworms gnaw his entrails in token of the worm that dieth not.When at last he goeth to his final punishment, Let the flames of Hell consume him forever.[attributed to the Monastery of San Pedro in Barcelona, Spain]
Kamand Kojouri|It doesn’t matter whether you are looking for a reason to be happy or sad, you will always find it.
Lisa Mantchev, So Silver Bright|A cupcake temple?' Her chest still tight with anxiety, Bertie forced herself to imagine it: bricks of pound cake mortared with buttercream and chocolate ganache, torches like striped birthday candles set into the walls, pilgrims upon the Path of Delectable Righteousness delivering daily tributes of almond paste and raspberry filling. . . .
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|I couldn't believe I'd come this far, lost Tyson, suffered through so much, only to fail - stopped by a big stupid monster in a baby-blue tuxedo kilt. Nobody was going to swat down my friends like that! I mean...nobody, not Nobody. Ah, you know what I mean.
J. Benson, Haiku to Live By: Life affirming messages, to hearten your day|when i write of you, my deari am holding youin the most exquisiteways.
Frida Kahlo|What's revolting is the body-positivity movement. What's revolting is this idea now that you can tell women they'll be happy and healthy at any size. Why? Because it tells women that you can be fat, and you can be unattractive, and you can be happy anyway. That's a lie.
Peter F. Hamilton, Judas Unchained|Mia stood between the bed and the broken window, holding an active plasma blade at waist-height in front of her. A thick coat of blood stained the plasma nearly from hilt to tip, hissing as it dribbled from blade to floor.“Are you all right?”Mia gave her a wan, distant smile. “It’s okay. I’ve done it before.
Marie Lu, Champion|I hope I leave this world gracefully, like a pilgrim slips from the back of his donkey at the end of a long ride, like a traveler disembarks from an airplane that has carried him across a great ocean.
Wole Soyinka|And as a writer, one of the things that I've always been interested in doing is actually invading your comfort space. Because that's what we're supposed to do. Get under your skin, and make you react.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[Angels] crisscross the Old and New Testaments, being mentioned directly or indirectly nearly 300 times.
Mary Oliver, Dream Work|I wanted the past to go away, I wantedto leave it, like another country; I wantedmy life to close, and openlike a hinge, like a wing, like the part of the songwhere it fallsdown over the rocks: an explosion, a discovery;I wantedto hurry into the work of my life; I wanted to know,whoever I was, I wasalivefor a little while.
Loren D. Estleman, The Branch and the Scaffold|The master and mistress of the house and the rest of the Blood -even the Crux himself- brought our food, poured the wine, did our bidding. The centerpiece was a roasted stag. crowned with gilded antlers and stuffed with songbirds; they had hunted well. We were forbidden to kill the deer that fattened on our coleworts and stole our grain, and the venison tasted all the better for the salt of revenge.
David Demchuk, The Bone Mother|Good children do taste better, but there are so few of them. If you can be satisfied with naughty children, you will always have food on the table. They are never in short supply.
Washington Irving, Tales of a Traveller|Sometimes he spent hours together in the great libraries of Paris, those catacombs of departed authors, rummaging among their hoards of dusty and obsolete works in quest of food for his unhealthy appetite. He was, in a manner, a literary ghoul, feeding in the charnel-house of decayed literature.
Lisa Firestone, Conquer Your Critical Inner Voice: A Revolutionary Program to Counter Negative Thoughts and Live Free from Imagined Limitations|We live in a largely addictive society that continues to reinforce the defenses we learned as children; this reinforcement comes in the form of a negative social pressure to soothe ourselves, to try to obtain instant gratification. . . Many people who suffered deprivation in childhood continue to accept substitute gratifications in the forms of drugs, alcohol, tobacco, television, video games, overwork, and other activities that distract them from experiencing their real lives.
Akshay Vasu|They say the sky is the same everywhere. Travellers, the shipwrecked, exiles, and the dying draw comfort from the thought, and no doubt if you are of a mystical tendency, consolation, and even explanation, shower down from the unbroken surface.
Rachael Wade, The Gates|Joel’s face swam across my vision and I blinked, goose bumps running up my arms. I shook his memory away, determined to stay focused, although my heart caved at the thought of his last words to us, right here in this very spot: Take care of each other. I’d be damned if I was going to let him down now.
John Connolly, The Book of Lost Things|I act like shit don’t phase me inside it drives me crazy, my insecurities could eat me alive
Eliza Dushku|When you can impress your mom by saying you've been to someone's concert, you know you're pretty lame.
Gretchen Rubin|Technology can be our best friend, and technology can also be the biggest party pooper of our lives. It interrupts our own story, interrupts our ability to have a thought or a daydream, to imagine something wonderful, because we're too busy bridging the walk from the cafeteria back to the office on the cell phone.
Robert Clark|I am with the Hot Sexy Banking Corporation. As all the other banks are going bust, they are just getting bustier.
Peter Heller, The Dog Stars|He came face-to-face with the rude paradox fame had dealt him: The secret of his extraordinary art had been his ability to observe human interaction anonymously, thereby gaining insight into the emotions on display in ordinary life--it was his ability to become a fly-on-the-wall that made him famous, and fame had destroyed his ability to become a fly-on-the-wall.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|There is seed time and harvest, choose to sow at the right time so as to have a bountiful harvest.
Seth Adam Smith, Rip Van Winkle and the Pumpkin Lantern|A man goes away from his home and it is in him to do it. He lies in strange beds in the dark, and the wind is different in the trees. He walks in the street and there are the faces in front of his eyes, but there are no names for the faces. the voices he hears are not the voices he carried away in his ears a long time back when he went away. The voices he hears are loud. they are so loud he does not hear for a long time at a stretch those voices he carried away in his ears. but there comes a minute when it is quiet and he can hear those voices he carried away in his ears a long time back. He can make out what they say, and they say: Come back. They say: Come back, boy. So he comes back.
Ernest Becker, The Denial of Death|Guilt is intense. Suffocating. A brick, tied quietly around your ankles while you sleep. You never fall slowly into guilt-you wake up with little time to take your last breath before being pulled under.
Anthony Robbins|If you can't you must, and if you must you can.
Charles Dickens, Barnaby Rudge|We must leave the discovery of this mystery, like all others, to time, and accident, and Heaven's pleasure.
Laura Pritchett, Sky Bridge|If you can't get what you want, you end up doing something else, just to get some relief. Just to keep from going crazy. Because when you're sad enough, you look for ways to fill you up.
Gyan Nagpal, Talent Economics: The Fine Line Between Winning and Losing the Global War for Talent|The worst question ever asked, is the one which is never asked.
Mel Keegan, Nocturne|...without knowing why, he yielded to the temptation of those lips and flung onto them, eating them, partaking of their sacrament... Eucharist of love with a red host!
Bertrand Russell|Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
Richard Russo, Elsewhere|Journalism, to me, is just another drug – a free ride to scenes I'd probably miss if I stayed straight. But I'm neither a chemist nor an editor; all I do is take the pill or the assignment and see what happens. Now and then I get a bad trip, but experience has made me more careful about what I buy... so if you have a good pill I'm open; I'll try almost anything that hasn't bitten me in the past.
Rosy Cole, The Twain: Poems of Earth and Ether|So I don’t think I’ll make Poet Laureate,but I swear I’m not twisted and bitter,If finely-wrought talentsdon’t weigh in the balance,I can always write haiku on Twitter.
Elizabeth I|Forests, lakes, and rivers, clouds and winds, stars and flowers, stupendous glaciers and crystal snowflakes - every form of animate or inanimate existence, leaves its impress upon the soul of man.
damali ayo|A secret weighs on us, a terrible secret weighs with a terrible weight.
May Sarton|For any writer who wants to keep a journal, be alive to everything, not just to what you're feeling, but also to your pets, to flowers, to what you're reading.
Rajneesh|The proletariat uses the State not in the interests of freedom but in order to hold down its adversaries, and as soon as it becomes possible to speak of freedom the State as such ceases to exist.
Benjamin Bayani, The Nation|There's one good thing about a mistake. As long as you're alive, you still have time to fix it.
Juan Manuel Fangio|Stone Mountain, Georgia, still had Ku Klux Klan marches, and I had a wild and courageous mother who'd put us in the car to watch them. She wanted us to know those things existed.
Amy Bai, Sword|Things joined by profit, when pressed by misfortune and danger, will cast each other aside.
Sumeet Mathur, The Tide of the Pensieve|People say it's madness, Others call it danger, I call it Alternative Normality.
Meat Loaf|A government, for protecting business only, is but a carcass, and soon falls by its own corruption and decay.
Yamamoto Tsunetomo|All the food that is put into the stomach that the system cannot derive benefit from, is a burden to nature in her work.
Og Mandino|Extend to each person, no matter how trivial the contact, all the care and kindness and understanding and love that you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.
Joy Kogawa, Obasan|Some people," Aunt Emily answered sharply, "are so busy seeing all sides of every issue that they neutralize concern and prevent necessary action. There's no strength in seeing all sides unless you can act where real measurable injustice exists. A lot of academic talk just immobilizes the oppressed and maintains oppressors in their positions of power.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|The people through which the Tradition of the Sun spoke were people just like anyone else, and who, one morning or one evening, looked at the world and felt the presence of something greater. They had unwittingly plunged into an unknown sea, and, for the most part, they did not do so again. Everyone, at least once in each incarnation, possessed the secret of the Universe.
Garrett Hedlund|In the sex war, thoughtlessness is the weapon of the male, vindictiveness of the female.
Shannon L. Alder|Be the hero of your children’s story. Never let them believe for a minute that honor, courage and doing what is right is only reserved for other fathers and mothers.
Caitlyn Jenner|Do not say, 'It is morning,' and dismiss it with a name of yesterday. See it for the first time as a newborn child that has no name.
Gary   Hopkins|If the existence of Nuclear weapons has taught us anything it would simply be that just because we possess powerful technologies, it does not necessarily mean that we should use them. Unfortunately, we are currently on course to learn similarly grave lessons from other devastating technologies such Genetically Modified Foods, Chemtrails and HAARP.
Jorge M. Perez|People could live very happily without the Turner Prize, but they could not live without real communication and emotion.
Rosemary Haughton, The Transformation of Man|...much theological discussion is wasted, not because the words used have no possible meaning, but because the people who use them don't mean anything by them.
Chelsea Handler, My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands|Which is the best man to deal with,-he who knows nothing about a subject, and, what is extremely rare, knows that he knows nothing, or he who really knows something about it, but thinks that he knows all?
Willa Cather|You are always new, the last of your kisses was ever the sweetest.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|Ignatius B. Samson, welcome to the Cemetery of Forgotten Books.
Cees Nooteboom, Rituals|We see, then, that even from the zoological point of view, which is the least interesting and—note this—not decisive, a being in such condition can never achieve a genuine equilibrium; we also see something that differs from the idea of challenge-response in Toynbee and, in my judgement, effectively constitutes human life: namely, that no surroundings or change of surroundings can in itself be described as an obstacle, a difficulty, and a challenge for man, but that the difficulty is always relative to the projects which man creates in his imagination, to what he customarily calls his ideals; in short, relative to what man wants to be. This affords us an idea of challenge-and-response which is much deeper and more decisive than the merely anecdotal, adventitious, and accidental idea which Toynbee proposes. In its light, all of human life appears to us as what it is permanently: a dramatic confrontation and struggle of man with the world and not a mere occasional maladjustment which is produced at certain moments.
Nely Cab, Marker of Hope|Because I know you live on the hope of seeing a better tomorrow, unlike the skeptics who have nothing to live for today. I would rather die with hope, than to live without any hope at all.
Linda Pastan|Because the night you asked me,the small scar of the quarter moonhad healed - the moon was whole again;because life seemed so short;because life stretched out before melike the halls of a nightmare;because I knew exactly what I wanted;because I knew exactly nothing;because I shed my childhood with my clothes -they both had years of wear in them;because your eyes were darker than my father's;because my father said I could do better;because I wanted badly to say no;because Stanly Kowalski shouted "Stella...;"because you were a door I could slam shut;because endings are written before beginnings;because I knew that after twenty yearsyou'd bring the plants inside for winterand make a jungle we'd sleep in naked;because I had free will;because everything is ordained;I said yes.
Robert Jordan, Knife of Dreams|No singer would ever make a song about that battle. No maester would ever write down an account for one of the Reader's beloved books. No banners flew, no warhorns moaned, no great lord called his men about him to hear his final ringing words. They fought in the predawn gloom, shadow against shadow, stumbling over roots and rocks, with mud and rotting leaves beneath their feet.
Barack Obama|So, let us summon a new spirit of patriotism, of responsibility, where each of us resolves to pitch in and work harder and look over not only ourselves, but each other.
Katy Kauffman, Breaking the Chains: Strategies for Overcoming Spiritual Bondage|What sometimes appears to be a dramatic, traumatic obstacle is really a call for spiritual advancement....to grow into our spiritual garment. A shift in perspective brought by the White Light of Holy Spirit makes all the difference in the worlds.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|I missed her so much I wanted to die: a hard, physical longing, like a craving for air underwater. Lying awake, I tried to recall all my best memories of her—to freeze her in my mind so I wouldn’t forget her—but instead of birthdays and happy times I kept remembering things like how a few days before she was killed she’d stopped me halfway out the door to pick a thread off my school jacket. For some reason, it was one of the clearest memories I had of her: her knitted eyebrows, the precise gesture of her reaching out to me, everything. Several times too—drifting uneasily between dreaming and sleep—I sat up suddenly in bed at the sound of her voice speaking clearly in my head, remarks she might conceivably have made at some point but that I didn’t actually remember, things like Throw me an apple, would you? and I wonder if this buttons up the front or the back? and This sofa is in a terrible state of disreputableness.
Isabel Allende, The House of the Spirits|Politics should make a thief, a roué, and a pessimist of anyone but I don't believe I am any of them...
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|Theologians talk about a prevenient grace that precedes grace itself and allows us to accept it. I think there must also be a prevenient courage that allows us to be brave - that is, to acknowledge that there is more beauty than our eyes can bear, that precious things have been put into our hands and to do nothing to honor them is to do great harm. And therefore, this courage allows us, as the old men said, to make ourselves useful. It allows us to be generous, which is another way of saying exactly the same thing.
Ana Monnar|Life Is, a Rose.
Saint Bartholomew|He was a "how" thinker  not an "if" thinker.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|I didn’t know that the times we spent together on the weekends, the times that we laughed together, and the times you helped me out was your way of silently wishing me a beautiful goodbye.
Kevin J. Vanhoozer|The resurrection is the promise that death will not prevail, that nothingness does not have the last word. God promises to overcome it with life... We can trust that God will overcome death because Jesus is the resurrection, because on the third day Jesus rose again, as the first of many.
Darell Hammond|I see travelling as a great learning process, and my biggest dream is to travel the world.
Faraaz Kazi, Truly, Madly, Deeply|Most of us can't help but live as though we've got two lives to live, one is the mockup, the other the finished version, and then there are all those versions in between. But there's only one, and before you know it, your heart is worn out, and, as for your body, there comes a point when no one looks at it, much less wants to come near it. Right now there's sorrow. I don't envy the pain. But I envy you the pain. (p. 225)
Michael J. Behe, The Edge of Evolution: The Search for the Limits of Darwinism|Is the conclusion that the universe was designed - and that the design extends deeply into life - science, philosophy, religion, or what? In a sense it hardly matters. By far the most important question is not what category we place it in, but whether a conclusion is true. A true philosophical or religious conclusion is no less true than a true scientific one. Although universities might divide their faculty and courses into academic categories, reality is not obliged to respect such boundaries.
Seneca|Isn't better to excel in your work than wasting time on fruitless things ... after all to become the history, you have to write it.
Jack Miller|God is the comic shepherd who gets more of a kick out of that one lost sheep once he finds it again than out of the ninety and nine who had the good sense not to get lost in the first place. God is the eccentric host who, when the country-club crowd all turned out to have other things more important to do than come live it up with him, goes out into the skid rows and soup kitchens and charity wards and brings home a freak show. The man with no legs who sells shoelaces at the corner. The old woman in the moth-eaten fur coat who makes her daily rounds of the garbage cans. The old wino with his pint in a brown paper bag. The pusher, the whore, the village idiot who stands at the blinker light waving his hand as the cars go by. They are seated at the damask-laid table in the great hall. The candles are all lit and the champagne glasses filled. At a sign from the host, the musicians in their gallery strike up "Amazing Grace.
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|Part of a moon was falling down the west,Dragging the whole sky with it to the hills.Its light poured softly in her lap. She sawAnd spread her apron to it. She put out her handAmong the harp-like morning-glory strings,Taut with the dew from garden bed to eaves,As if she played unheard the tendernessThat wrought on him beside her in the night.
John Brough|There was no 'before' the beginning of our universe, because once upon a time there was no time.
W. Somerset Maugham|The great tragedy of life is not that men perish, but that they cease to love.
Theresa Pecku-Laryea, Hannah's Song|God is building a mighty army to vanquish the forces of darkness. These soldiers of the light are initially conceived and nurtured in the wombs of women. As such, an obvious strategy for the devil would be to sabotage the womb to cut down the size of this godly army.
Jordan Silver, Broken|You got f*cked over no doubt about it, but you did nothing wrong. It’s time you stop paying for their shit.
Cassandra Clare, The Midnight Heir|But neither will anyone ask us whether we will it or do not will it when the spiritual strength of the West fails and the West starts to come apart at the seams, when this moribund pseudocivilization collapses into itself, pulling all forces into confusion and allowing them to suffocate in madness.Whether such a thing occurs or does not occur, this depends solely on whether we as a historical-spiritual Volk will ourselves, still and again, or whether we will ourselves no longer. Each individual has a part in deciding this, even if, and precisely if, he seeks to evade this decision.But it is our will that our Volk fulfill its historical mission.
Shannon L. Alder|When you have an idea, it is like carbon. It has potential. To make it into a diamond, you need to put in hard work. When you have a diamond, it may not be perfect. You need to polish it, improve it. Only then is it valuable.
Laini Taylor|Why read? Because books are precious guides to our humanity—civilization’s backbone—that tenuous ridgeline that allows us to climb above the jungle and see what the horizon has to offer. Thus they represent the yearning to go beyond, to explore. Yet they are also human-sized. And made of paper and ink, and thus they come from the earth. Their physicality is what makes them immensely human. And they contain the flesh-and-bone thoughts of one person capturing one blink of time, now made immortal in the bound pages carried by your own hands and touched by your own eyes. How can such fragile and thin paper and spidery veins of ink be our most precious treasure, binding together the entire hope and legacy and language of a civilization—of our existence. We touch the book and turn the page, and thus we are bound to our destiny.
Bill Maher, When You Ride Alone You Ride With Bin Laden: What the Government Should Be Telling Us to Help Fight the War on Terrorism|I suspect the next 10 years will be years of turmoil and hardship the globe over, and with that will come a surge in a certain kind of American patriotism. Therefore, American Christians will be challenged to remember where our true fealty lies. I’m not saying there’s no place for patriotism. But Christians are people whose first allegiance cannot be to a nation-state, not to any nation-state. Increased geopolitical tension may tempt us to forget that.
Maureen N. McLane, My Poets|One thinks of the failure of representation since 9/11, the proliferation of novels, the media glut, the surfeit of images that somehow slide too easily into a banal repertoire, commodified shock.
John Cena|As a kid, what brought me in the gym, what got me in there every day was a chance to break your personal best, a chance to be strong; I just really, really dig that.
Mark W Boyer|If all you ever focus on is the negative, then that's all you shall see ever see.
Juan Rulfo, Pedro Páramo|I had a dream that I made millions of dollars in life and was the happiest girl… when I woke up I realized that money could never buy my happiness in life, because my happiness comes from the ones I love.
Thomas Hardy, A Pair of Blue Eyes|Every woman who makes a permanent impression on a man is afterwards recalled to his mind's eye as she appeared in one particular scene, which seems ordained to be her special medium of manifestation throughout all the pages of his memory.
Josiah Strong|The travail of freedom and justice is not easy, but nothing serious and important in life is easy. The history of humanity has been a continuing struggle against temptation and tyranny - and very little worthwhile has ever been achieved without pain.
Ruth Rendell|When we made 'Night of the Living Dead,' we got riddled. There was this famous article Roger Ebert wrote just blasting the film because he had gone to see it at some screening where there were all these kids in the audience. I don't know why that happened. We didn't make the movie for kids.
Eric Spitznagel, Old Records Never Die: One Man's Quest for His Vinyl and His Past|I know what I want to hear. I want to hear the "Believe it or Not" song. I want to play that shit loud. Really belt out the "Should have been somebody eeeeeelse" part, with a little bit of Zack de la Rocha venom. That would be pretty awesome right about now.But the other part of me, the part that wanted to be cool, knew that it was a much better idea to say, "Let's play the fucking Misfits." Because that's what you say to the cool guy in the combat boots who wants to smoke in your house. Because he's going to snarl-smile at you and say, "Fuck yeah!" And you're feel cool by association."Let's play the fucking Misfits," I said.John snarl-smiled and saluted me with rock horns. "Fuck yeah."Told you.
J.T. Geissinger|Life is too short to miss out on anything, even if it's pain.
David Hoffmeister, Quantum Forgiveness: Physics, Meet Jesus|The movie Mr. Nobody examines the core belief that we can find happiness if we make the right choices in life. We can’t; it’s impossible. But the belief that we have real choices that can bring us what we want is cherished by the ego because it keeps us locked into a never-ending quest of looking for happiness where it can’t be found. Mr. Nobody demonstrates that all the choices of this world are made because we have forgotten God and therefore believe in an illusory world of duality. None of our choices are real because they are a choice between the images of this made-up world; that is, a choice between illusions. They are nothing more than hypotheticals, which serve as meaningless distractions.
Lindsay Price|As a mom, you worry about protecting your kid. But there are extra added layers of fears when you're talking about a kid with autism or who has some special needs issue.
Barry Lyga, The Astonishing Adventures of Fanboy and Goth Girl|Even the people who once fought for others tend to get weak and eventually "give up" and lose interest in the worth of fighting any longer.
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|Oblige me by telling me where I am.""That is impossible. You know nothing about whereness. The only way to come to know where you are is to begin to make yourself at home.
Mark Kirkbride, Satan's Fan Club|Hold your tongue!’ said the Queen, turning purple. ‘I won’t!’ said Alice. ‘Off with her head!’ the Queen shouted at the top of her voice. Nobody moved. ‘Who cares for you?’ said Alice (she had grown to her full size by this time). ‘You’re nothing but a pack of cards!’ At this the whole pack rose up into the air, and came flying down upon her; she gave a little scream, half of fright and half of anger, and tired to beat them off, and found herself lying on the bank, with her head in the lap of her sister, who was gently brushing away some dead leaves that had fluttered down from the trees upon her face. ‘Wake up, Alice dear!’ said her sister. ‘Why, what a long sleep you’ve had!’ So Alice got up and ran off, thinking while she ran, as well she might, what a wonderful dream it had been. Lewis Carroll, Alice’s Adventure in Wonderland, 1865
Elizabeth Gilbert|Mr. Alexander Graham Bell claims to have invented [photophone transmitter], though really it was created through a collaborative effort with Mr. Charles Sumner Tainter. In all honesty,” she said, “a great inventor needs a healthy amount of conceit. Mr. Bell and, fellow inventor, Mr. Edison would declare they’d created the moon and the tides between them if they could get away with the claim.
Tobias Wolff|I had never seen such sorrow; it appalled me. And I was even more appalled by her attempts to overcome it, because they so plainly, pathetically failed and in failing opened up a view of the world I had only begun to suspect, where wounds did not heal, and things did not work out for the best
David Eagleman, Incognito: The Secret Lives of the Brain|Have you ever stopped to consider the number of choices you make daily Paradoxically speaking, every time you have a choice to make and you don't make it, by default, you are making a choice not to make a choice, which is, of course, a choice. You have no choice in the matter. This is an important question because the more conscious you are about your choices, the more likely it is you will end up where you want to be at the end of your stay on this planet.
Philip Treacy|Hats are the epitome of Englishness, and a royal wedding is the penultimate moment for a hat designer. I'm Irish, but I am a royalist and I believe in fantasy.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Love is a commitment not a gameif want play to game go ahead play but Don't give it name LOVE.it is your right to live your life and play any game as you want, but its not your right and its not right to destroy anyone's life
Debasish Mridha|Love yourself first to fill your heart with bliss. Now give it away with humility, love, and gratitude.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|To have more empowering goals, look within
Pepper Winters, Third Debt|Nothing is ever black and white, Nila. You should know that bu now. Its all how you survive the grey." -Kes
Anita B. Sulser PhD, We Are One|The figure in the cloak had turned, waving a fist in the air in a gesture of pure spite. ‘Damn you!’ My whispered curse came as I drew my revolver, pausing only to take aim. Two shots rang out, shattering the very air between us. I could not be sure if the heavy bullets had found their mark; the fiend whirling around behind a chimney-stack a moment after I fired. A groan from the blackness below-it was Holmes!. - John Watson, Sherlock Holmes and the Whitechapel Murders
Pearl Zhu, Digital Gaps: Bridging Multiple Gaps to Run Cohesive Digital Business|Having a title only doesn’t make one a leader; talented people without a title don’t follow blindly, they practice leadership via influence.
Robin Sacredfire|Under the guise of helping the sick, oppressed and hopeless, psychiatry is paving the way for authoritarian governments to suppress a whole society furthermore, with drugs and obscene practices that promote, not only hypnotic suggestions, but also highly suggestible individuals which, otherwise, would oppose a whole repressive system that threatens both their existence and the existence of future generations on Earth. And so, one can very well say that, psychiatry, aided by pharmaceutical corporations and power-driven governments, or merely governments fearful of their own people and the extinction of immoral politics, will contribute vastly to the extermination and full extinction of the human race.
Gina Damico, Croak|Okay. I've got one. Do you think Pluto should still be considered an actual planet in its own right?""Much better. And yes, I do. I had to memorize the planets when I was in third grade, and it was one of them, and I don't like having to relearn things.
Shane Claiborne|...I believe in a God of scandalous grace. I have pledged allegiance to a King who loved evildoers so much he died for them, teaching us that there is something worth dying for but nothing worth killing for.
Happy Positivity Blankly Ahead|Life is always uncertain. No one knows what's in there. But now my life is everywhere, I would just like to breathe and sleep and get all the rest I could. I wake up five in the morning some days just thinking about my own thoughts and stare blankly in thin air. Not sure what I am looking at but I know for a fact I am in my own world. Those times I am just inside my head just thinking about what is ahead.
Naima Simone, Witness to Passion|Fallon, you’re my Achilles Heel. I want to fuck you senseless, until you feel me imprinted on you even when I’m not inside you. But that’s all I want—all I can allow myself.
Stephen Leacock|He who does not trust enough, Will not be trusted.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Will it ultimately reach the clear surface of my consciousness, this memory, this old, dead moment which the magnetism of an identical moment has travelled so far to importune, to disturb, to raise up out of the very depths of my being? I cannot tell. Now that I feel nothing, it has stopped, has perhaps gone down again into its darkness, from which who can say whether it will ever rise?
Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland|Though blessed with the enviable properties of a mink coat—graceful, unreasonable, and impractical no matter what she was draped over—she was nevertheless one of those people whose personality proved to be the bane of modern mathematicians. She was neither a flat nor solid shape. She showed no symmetry at all. Trigonometry, Calculus and Statistics all proved useless. Her Pie Chart was a muddle of arbitrary wedges, her Line Graph, the silhouette of the Alps. And just when one listed her under Chaos Theory—Butterfly Effects, Weather Predictions, Fractals, Bifurcation diagrams and whatnot—she showed up as an equilateral triangle, sometimes even a square.
Anita Shreve, Testimony|A single action can cause a life to veer off in a direction it was never meant to go. Falling in love can do that, you think. And so can a wild party. You marvel at the way each has the power to forever alter an individual's compass. And it is the knowing that such a thing can so easily happen, as you did not know before, not really, that has fundamentally changed you and your son.
Paul Russell, Immaculate Blue|There must have been a time, before Internet porn, when there wasn’t a script. Nowadays, everybody knows exactly how sex is supposed to go.
Shannon L. Alder|The problem isn’t that I think so highly of myself. It is just that you think so little of yourself. Live life BIG, BOLD and OUT LOUD!
Paul Auster, The Red Notebook: True Stories|I learned that books are never finished, that it is possible for stories to go on writing themselves without an author.
Laura Ingalls Wilder, Farmer Boy|She was a Seeker now, marked for life.She had thought this brand would be an eblem of pride, but now it meant something entirely different. She was damned.
Ford Madox Ford, Parade's End|I missed you,” she cried into him. Standing on top of the snow gave him an additional few inches on her and she rested her head against his chest. She could hear nothing within, just her own heartbeat echoing.
Kevin Jared Hosein|I can see death and more death, till we are black and swollen with death.
Hal and Melanie Young|Reckless behavior, particularly in young boys, may be the uncontrolled expression of a legitimate, even Godly, desire to strive after great and noble deeds. And when the desire for adventure follows a God-honoring course, exciting things can happen.
Umberto Eco|We are a pluralist civilisation because we allow mosques to be built in our countries, and we are not going to stop simply because Christian missionaries are thrown into prison in Kabul. If we did so, we, too, would become Taliban.
Jason Statham|My dad loved comedians, especially George Jessel, and he loved Henny Youngman and Buddy Hackett.
James     Baldwin|No one knows very much about the life of another. This ignorance becomes vivid, if you love another. Love sets the imagination on fire, and, also, eventually, chars the imagination into a harder element: imagination cannot match love, cannot plunge so deep, or range so wide.
Hillary Clinton|We don't have enough support for maternal leave and the kinds of things that some of the European countries do. So we still make it hard on women to go into the work force and feel that they can be good at work but then doing the most important job, which is raising your children in a responsible and positive way.
Alison Levine, On the Edge: The Art of High-Impact Leadership|Never let failure discourage you. Every time you get to the base of a mountain (literal or metaphorical), you're presented with a new opportunity to challenge yourself, to push your limits beyond what you thought possible, to learn from climbers on the trail ahead of you, and to take in some amazing views. Your performance on the mountain you climbed last week or last month or last year doesn't matter - because it's all about what you are doing right now.
Marvin Olasky|What I do know is that writing is the thing I am best at, and I don't have the stomach, the ability, the strength or the courage to enter the political arena. And I think writing can be a political act, if only to let those people accountable know they are being watched. Literature can be a conscience.
Stanley Hauerwas|First of all, it's friendship with God that makes possible friendship with one another in a manner that is not that we just like one another, but that were are joined by common judgments, by God, for the good of God's church. Such friendship occurs not by trying to be each other's friend, but by discovering you were engaged in common good work that is so determinative, you cannot live without one another. Now, if the church is that, it will talk about friendship in a way that avoids the superficiality of the language of relationship. Because relationships are meant to be spontaneous and short. Friendship, if it is the friendship of God, is to be characterized by fidelity in which you are even willing to tell the friend the truth. Which may mean you will risk the friendship. You need to be in that kind of community to survive the loneliness that threatens all of our souls.
Connor Franta, A Work in Progress|He chose illness, because he knew of no other way to be seen. Not even by those looking at him.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|I had seen the flowers on her dress beside the canals in the north, she was indigenous like a herb, and I never wanted to go home.
Mary Douglas|Once you grow past Mommy and Daddy coming running when you're hurt, you're really on your own. You're alone, and there's no one to help you.
Eli Pariser, The Filter Bubble: What the Internet is Hiding From You|Becoming conscious and aware is a journey itself, and we all struggle in that journey we call life. Instead of judging one another, help each other, not by convincing them of your truth but through letting them think for themselves by spreading knowledge. Once you become aware of knowledge and you are conscious of knowledge, there is no going back to the previous conscious state of mind.
Mehmet Murat ildan|By just looking at the dark side of life, you cannot make it bright!
Jim Morrison, The Lords and the New Creatures|Through art they confuse us and blind us to our enslavement. Art adorns our prison walls, keeps us silent and diverted and indifferent.
James C. Emlund|Life is an endless sea of admiration, in constant collision with those who have aspired, to feel inspired once again.
Oscar Wilde|You came to me to learn the Pleasure of Life and the Pleasure of Art. Perhaps I am chosen to teach you something much more wonderful, the meaning of Sorrow and its beauty.
George Sand, La Petite Fadette|We are noble, good, beautiful, and happy!
Napoleon Hill, Law of Success: The 21st-Century Edition|Success in life depends upon happiness, and happiness is found in no other way than through SERVICE that is rendered in a spirit of love." Napoleon Hill
Warren Kole|I had always thought, for 'Roman Empire,' I would love to do the death of Marcus Aurelius in the snow. One morning I woke up, and it was really snowing.
William Alexander Percy, Lanterns on the Levee: Recollections of a Planter's Son|Luck is not real, it a simple word .
J.W. Brazier, The Arrival|Humans are, as Sartre put it, ‘condemned to be free’. To insist that science, or God, objectively defines moral values is to abandon our responsibility as human beings to make such judgments.
Susan Wiggs, The Beekeeper's Ball|Lately, she'd been waking up early every day, too excited to sleep. She was working on the biggest project she'd ever dared to undertake- transforming her family home into a destination cooking school. The work was nearing completion, and if everything went according to schedule, she would welcome the first guests of the Bella Vista Cooking School at harvest time.The big rambling mission-style hacienda, with its working apple orchard and kitchen gardens, was the perfect venue for the project. The place had long been just too much for just her and her grandfather, and Isabel's dreams had always been too big for her budget. She was passionate about cooking and in love with the idea of creating a place for other dreamers to come and learn the culinary arts.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Break free from the binding robes of passion that feels like a lump in your heart, perform that surgery today, and you'll be set free forever.
Paullina Simons, Tatiana's Table: Tatiana And Alexander's Life Of Food And Love|Dickens must have first heard his famous The law is an ass quote from a woman. And she was damned right, for all the good it did her.
Michael Bible, Sophia|Love is poached eggs and the Sunday newspaper and slow, hard sex.
Elizabeth SaFleur, Untouchable|She’d never been the kind of woman who angered over being told what to do. She’d never felt unequal or demeaned in a submissive role, rather more like a helpmate and compliment to her lover. And, she’d never once asked why God had made her this way. She didn’t care why. She just wanted to play her part—and for her part to have value.
Lydia Netzer, How to Tell Toledo from the Night Sky|If your soulmate can't teach you a few things then what is the point of having one? I don't need someone to tell me I am right. I don't need someone to tell me I didn't screw up. I don't need someone to not push me to reach for my dreams. I don't need someone to not take an interest in making me better. I need a team mate, a best friend and someone that allows me enough room to have off days. I am allowed to be as silly, corny, upset at times, excited, scared and a million emotions, but still loved. I need someone that will be that way for me, also. I don't want perfection. I don't want to build my world around what other people think. I want to build it around positive experiences, spiritual growth, and adventure. That requires something deeper than just acting the way someone requires. It means finding someone imperfect that I have the ability to help and someone that sees my imperfectness and is willing to help me. If a soulmate is anything, it better be useful. Otherwise, it is simply a made up fantasy that has no place in God's plan for me.
Brian Rathbone, The Dawning of Power|Darkness, no matter how powerful it may seem, can be driven back by the tiniest spark.
Jared Diamond, Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies|And this, this, is their genius. Conservatives are not looking to make education more rigorous and informative, or science more empirical or verifiable, or voting more representative, or the government more efficient or effective. They just want all those things to reinforce their partisan, ideological, conservative viewpoint.
Lenore Appelhans, Level 2|Yes, I've lost him. But I don't have to lose myself.
David Graeber, Revolutions in Reverse: Essays on Politics, Violence, Art, and Imagination|As in political revolutions, so in paradigm choice – there is no standard higher than the assent of the relevant community. To discover how scientific revolutions are effected, we shall therefore have to examine not only the impact of nature and of logic, but also the techniques of persuasive argumentation effective within the quite special groups that constitute the community of scientists.
Taylor Jenkins Reid, One True Loves|Hollow and empty are terrible ways to feel when you're used to being full of joy. But it's not so bad when you're used to feeling full of pain. Hollow feels okay. Empty feels like a beginning. Which is nice, because for so long you have felt like you were at the end.
Donna Tartt|Fate lies in wait like a fucking time bomb, rearranging and aligning the stars to its own satisfaction. Then, one day, it detonates right in your face and all you want to do is not exist. But it’s what you do to dislodge Fate’s teeth from your ass that matters.
Erin O'Riordan, Cut|It's nice to be pushed, when you're being pushed in the right direction.
Herodotus, The Histories|The Andrians were the first of the islanders to refuse Themistocles' demand for money. He had put it to them that they would be unable to avoid paying, because the Athenians had the support of two powerful deities, one called Persuasion and the other Compulsion.The Andrians had replied that Athens was lucky to have two such useful gods, who were obviously responsible for her wealth and greatness; unfortunately, they themselves, in their small & inadequate land, had two utterly useless deities, who refused to leave the island and insisted on staying; and their names were Poverty and Inability.
Fanny Howe|The muse, the beloved, and duende are three ways of thinking of what is the source of poetry, and all three seem to me different names or different ways to think about something that is not entirely reasonable, not entirely subject to the will, not entirely rational.
Vitruvius|The credit which the apparent conformity with recognized scientific standards can gain for seemingly simple but false theories may, as the present instance shows, have grave consequences.
David R. Wommack|For every hour a mother gets to herself, a father will demand five times that amount for drinking with friends and acting like an immature dipshit.
Courtney Giardina, Behind the Strings|Whenever you feel like criticzing any one," he told me, "just remember that all the people in this world haven´t had the advantages that you've had.
D. H. Lawrence|Let a hundred flowers bloom, let a hundred schools of thought contend.
Tamara Hughes, Tempting the Pirate|We want to know. We want to know who we are and what we are capable of.I want to know.And yet we were dragged into another war. Another seemingly inevitable and gruesome legacy passed down, along with soma.
Mahershala Ali|True ease in writing comes from art, not chance, as those move easiest who have learn'd to dance.
Val Uchendu|The magic of each day lives in the unknown. It's waking up as one person, and accepting that when night falls, we may be someone else entirely. So, when you ask what my story is, forgive me----I'm not quite sure yet.
Sylvia Dolson, Joy of Bears|the most radical question which anyone can be asked is not how much their possessions cost, but whether they have found something of value - that is, something that makes living worthwhile.
Eugene O'Neill, Long Day's Journey Into Night|The fog was where I wanted to be. Halfway down the path you can’t see this house. You’d never know it was here. Or any of the other places down the avenue. I couldn’t see but a few feet ahead. I didn’t meet a soul. Everything looked and sounded unreal. Nothing was what it is. That’s what I wanted—to be alone with myself in another world where truth is untrue and life can hide from itself. Out beyond the harbor, where the road runs along the beach, I even lost the feeling of being on land. The fog and the sea seemed part of each other. It was like walking on the bottom of the sea. As if I had drowned long ago. As if I was the ghost belonging to the fog, and the fog was the ghost of the sea. It felt damned peaceful to be nothing more than a ghost within a ghost.
Terence Stamp|What manner of thing this 'public opinion' is, should be best known to those who have its name forever in their mouths and erect the regard for it into a positive article of religion. Its self-styled organ in our times is the 'Press.'
Conn Iggulden, Khan: Empire of Silver|You obey orders, because if you do not, you cannot expect the same from your men. You are part of the wolf, not the whole wolf. I would have thought you had learned that when you were a boy, but it is not the case. A wolf cannot have more than one head, General, or it tears itself apart.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Well, Faye, dear, I’m sure Harlow’s sorry she didn’t think to ask if you’d been eaten by a shark. That’s totally on her.
David Hepworth|Led Zeppelin created their music from a diet of Bert Jansch, Memphis Minnie, John Fahey, Billy Fury, Phil Spector, Richard 'Rabbit' Brown, Moby Grape, Manitas De Plata and Om Kalsoum. Those who came afterwards were content with a diet of Led Zeppelin, which is not the same thing at all.
Michael Delaware, The Art of Sales Management: Lessons Learned on the Fly|His baseline attitude toward humans was that they could all just go fuck themselves and that he was not going to expend any effort whatsoever getting them to change the way they thought. This was probably rooted in the belief that had been inculcated to him from the get-go: that there was an objective reality, which all people worth talking to could observe and understand, and there was no point in arguing about anything that would be so observed and so understood. As long as you made a point of hanging out exclusively with people who had the wit to see and understand that objective reality, you didn't have to waste a lot of time talking. When a thunderstorm was headed your way across the prairie, you took the washing down from the line and closed the windows. It wasn't necessary to have a meeting about it. The sales force didn't need to get involved......It was time, in other words, to call out the sales force, take Jones to lunch, begin gardening personal contacts, shape his perception of the competitive landscape. Forge a partnership. Exactly the kind of work from which Richard had always found some way to excuse himself, even when large amounts of money were at stake. Yet now his life was at stake, and no one was around to help him, and he still wasn't doing it. He simply couldn't get past his conviction that Jones could go fuck himself and that he wasn't going to angle and scheme and maneuver for Jones' sake.
Jill Bolte Taylor, My Stroke of Insight: A Brain Scientist's Personal Journey|Fortunately, how we choose to be today is not predetermined by how we were yesterday...You and you alone choose moment by moment who and how you want to be in the world. I encourage you to pay attention to what is going on in your brain. Own your power and show up for your life.
Katy Butler, Knocking on Heaven's Door: The Path to a Better Way of Death|When a fine old carpet is eaten by mice, the colors and patterns of what's left behind do not change,' wrote my neighbor and friend, the poet Jane Hirschfield, after she visited an old friend suffering from Alzheimer's disease in a nursing home. And so it was with my father. His mind did not melt evenly into undistinguishable lumps, like a dissolving sand castle. It was ravaged selectively, like Tintern Abbey, the Cistercian monastery in northern Wales suppressed in 1531 by King Henry VIII in his split with the Church of Rome. Tintern was turned over to a nobleman, its stained-glass windows smashed, its roof tiles taken up and relaid in village houses. Holy artifacts were sold to passing tourists. Religious statues turned up in nearby gardens. At least one interior wall was dismantled to build a pigsty.I've seen photographs of the remains that inspired Wordsworth: a Gothic skeleton, soaring and roofless, in a green hilly landscape. Grass grows in the transept. The vanished roof lets in light. The delicate stone tracery of its slim, arched quatrefoil windows opens onto green pastures where black-and-white cows graze. Its shape is beautiful, formal, and mysterious. After he developed dementia, my father was no longer useful to anybody. But in the shelter of his broken walls, my mother learned to balance her checkbook, and my heart melted and opened. Never would I wish upon my father the misery of his final years. But he was sacred in his ruin, and I took from it the shards that still sustain me.
Craig  Stone, Life Knocks|In America, writers are afforded the freedom to express themselves in unlimited manners. Creative liberty is a privilege.
William Inge|Monotony has nothing to do with a place; monotony, either in its sensation or its infliction, is simply the quality of a person. There are no dreary sights; there are only dreary sight seers.
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|I'm sorry,' said the shopkeeper. 'I can't understand your ridiculous accent.''My accent?''It is quite silly.''So you can't understand me?''Not a word.''Then how did you understand that?''I didn't.' ''You didn't understand what I just said?''That's right.''You understood that, though.''Not at all.'The American glowered.
Lionel Suggs|We've got to simplify, pull back all these layers of supposed complexity , and get down to the essentials. If we want people to engage with government, we should use the same tools that are getting them engages with companies and institutions in private life. If we want people to care about political issues, we should give them a way to understand and get involved in them.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In suffering, we build our strength for the ultimate success.
David Lynch|The future is called 'perhaps', which is the only possible thing to call the future. And the important thing is not to allow that to scare you.
Pope Benedict XVI|Faith is part of who I am, yes. I was raised Christian Scientist. The most important thing I saw every single week on the wall at Sunday school was the Golden Rule.
James Wesley, Rawles, Land of Promise|Now right here, where the borders of South Sudan, Ethiopia, and Kenya all come together, there’s a patch of land, perhaps 14 or 15 thousand square kilometers—about the size of Montenegro—that is contested. This is just some unpopulated marginal cattle grazing country that is a hot soggy sponge in the rainy season and then a scorching hot griddle in the dry season. There are just a few villages, and most of those are just seasonally occupied.
V.S. Carnes|He didn’t deserve compassion. Sympathy. Not even understanding. He deserved worse, far worse than he had ever been given.
Auliq Ice|The sky had lightened when they got up from the sand. They shook the blanket before wrapping it around them both. Cuddling close they entered the hotel, shivering as they stood in the elevator.
Kurt W. Bubna, Epic Grace: Chronicles of a Recovering Idiot|I feel that there has to be a purpose to what we do. If there was no hope at all, we should just sleep or drink and wait for death. But we don’t want to do that. And why? I think something tells us that we should struggle. We don’t really know why we should struggle, but we do, because we think it’s better than sitting down and waiting for calamity.
Joyce Meyer|In my life, I was always floating around the edge of the dark side and saying what if take it a little bit too far, and who says you have to stop there, and what's behind the next door. Maybe you gain a wisdom from examining those things. But after a while, you get too far down in the quicksand.
Mark Cuban|It doesn’t matter how many times you fail. It doesn’t matter how many times you almost get it right. No one is going to know or care about your failures, and neither should you. All you have to do is learn from them and those around you because all that matters in business is that you get it right once. Then everyone can tell you how lucky you are.
Robert David Steele, The Open-Source Everything Manifesto: Transparency, Truth, and Trust|No one wants to be poor. In my view, and the view of many authors who have focused on poverty and practical solutions to it, we need to move beyond the industrial-era paradigm of giving them fish, or even the information-era paradigm of teaching them how to fish, and instead move closer to the cosmic paradigm of giving them the tools with which to create their own ingenious means of addressing their problems in their cultural context and their time, while drawing--at their convenience, not ours--on our dispersed knowledge.
Paul Bowles|our situation reminded me of a fable I had read somewhere. Chased by a tiger, a man slips and falls over the edge of a mountain. As he falls, he manages to grab a bush growing by the side of the mountain and hangs on to it for dear life. The bush is laden with wild strawberries that hang tantalizingly near his mouth. As the tiger snarls above his head and a gorge stretches beneath his dangling feet, the man takes a bite from a luscious berry. ‘How sweet,’ he exclaims as he relishes its taste.I do not remember the moral attached to the fable. It might have been a commentary on the ephemeral nature of life, on how foolish it is to imagine that there is happiness to be found in the world when death is certain and likely to happen at any time. Or it might have been an exhortation to seize the day and squeeze the most out of every moment, for, in any case, we areall going to die. It might have made a reasonably good ad for strawberries, which were so good that you simply had to eat them, even if it was the last thing you did.
Vishwas Mudagal, Losing My Religion|Entrepreneurs are different beasts. Beasts who don’t give a damn, who kick ass when required, who stand up to a challenge, and who rise time and again with utter disregard to fear or failure. These are the beasts who run the world.
Vladimir Odoyevsky|(Uncle) would remark that it was impossible to get by without such a (portentous and whimsical) tone when speaking of many things of this world, and especially of the things not entirely of this world.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|We can bear the sun not to set, but we cannot bear the sun not to rise!
James     Baldwin, The Cross of Redemption: Uncollected Writings|...some student asked if he [Larry Summers] didn’t have essentially the same relationship with Bob Rubin. Wasn’t Summer’s opposition to capital controls just a sop to Wall Street banks, which wanted to recoup their risky investments regardless of how doing so affected the country in which they had invested? “Summers just lost it,” said one audience member, a business school student. “he looked at the person and said, “you don’t know what you’re talking about and how dare you ask this question of the president of Harvard?
Laura Thalassa, The Queen of All that Dies|You want to see compassion? Fine." I take the hand pressed against my shoulders and kiss his knuckles. "I've now kissed the hand of my mother's killer."Before he has time to react to my chaste kiss, I bring my other hand up and slap him. His head whips to the side."I'm also a vindictive bitch," I say.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|The validity of Solomon's message has not changed in the three thousand years since he penned it. It comes down through the corridors of time and echoes today with the authority of God Himself. Solomon tells us that the divine commandments are a "light" that will show us "the way to life." But those who would disregard them, both male and female, will suffer the painful consequences.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|My goals may seem impossibly far-fetched when really they're not.  Break them down into steps and see how I accomplish great things.  I can easily reach from A to B.  I can manage from B to C. I can then make it from C to D.  And so eventually, I will find my way from A to Z.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Without travels, our existence, our memories, our literature, our dreams, our everything would be very poor, very boring, very limited!
Steve Blank|Nothing gets on other people's nerves at the office more than a whistler. And the sad part is, these whistlers don't know they're doing it. Someone should, tactfully, tell the whistler how much it disrupts the office environment.
Jimmy Carter|I have one life and one chance to make it count for something . . . I'm free to choose what that something is, and the something I've chosen is my faith. Now, my faith goes beyond theology and religion and requires considerable work and effort. My faith demands -- this is not optional -- my faith demands that I do whatever I can, wherever I am, whenever I can, for as long as I can with whatever I have to try to make a difference.
Michael Bassey Johnson|When you take all three categories of temptation to self-reliance – wisdom, might and riches – they form a powerful inducement toward the ultimate form of pride, namely, atheism. The safest way to stay supreme in our own estimation is to deny anything above us. This is why the proud preoccupy themselves with looking down on others. A proud man is always looking down on things and people and, of course, as long as you are looking down, you cannot see something that is above you. But to preserve pride it may be simpler to proclaim that there is nothing above to look at (Psalm 10:4). Ultimately, the proud must persuade themselves that there is no God.
Victoria Schwab, The Unbound|Everything that rises will fall. Empires, societies, governments. None of them lasts forever. Why? Because even though they are the products of change, they become resistant to change. The longer a society survives, the more it clings to its power, and the more it resists progress. The more it resists progress- resists change- the more its ciizens demand it. In response, the society tighten its grip, desperate to maintain control. It's afraid of losing its hold.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|The problem is not getting rid of fear, but using it properly.
Pope Benedict XVI, God Is Love: Deus Caritas Est|Faith, hope and charity go together. Hope is practised through the virtue of patience, which continues to do good even in the face of apparent failure, and through the virtue of humility, which accepts God's mystery and trusts him even at times of darkness. Faith tells us that God has given his Son for our sakes and gives us the victorious certainty that it is really true: God is love! It thus transforms our impatience and our doubts into the sure hope that God holds the world in his hands and that, as the dramatic imagery of the end of the Book of Revelation points out, in spite of all darkness he ultimately triumphs in glory. Faith, which sees the love of God revealed in the pierced heart of Jesus on the Cross, gives rise to love. Love is the light—and in the end, the only light—that can always illuminate a world grown dim and give us the courage needed to keep living and working. Love is possible, and we are able to practise it because we are created in the image of God. To experience love and in this way to cause the light of God to enter into the world—this is the invitation I would like to extend with the present Encyclical.
Soar, Yours, poetically: Special Deluxe Edition of Selected Poems and Quotes|At times, love is silent because of too much hurt or too much care. At all times,love is the strongest voice you can always rely on.
Raymond Chandler, The Long Goodbye|When I give something I do not possess, I give a false and dangerous gift, a gift that looks like love but is, in reality, loveless—a gift given more from my need to prove myself than from the other’s need to be cared for. That kind of giving is not only loveless but faithless, based on the arrogant and mistaken notion that God has no way of channeling love to the other except through me. Yes, we are created in and for community, to be there, in love, for one another. But community cuts both ways: when we reach the limits of our own capacity to love, community means trusting that someone else will be available to the person in need.
Lester Bangs, Psychotic Reactions and Carburetor Dung|They're events you remember all your life, like your first real orgasm. And the whole purpose of the absurd, mechanically persistent involvement with recorded music is the pursuit of that priceless moment. So it's not exactly that records might unhinge the mind, but rather that if anything is going to drive you up the wall it might as well be a record.
Gary Ackerman|Sympathy is charming, but it does not make up for pain.
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupāda, Bhagavad-Gita As It Is|Such deluded persons, symptomatically, dwell in dualities of dishonor and honor, misery and happiness, woman and man, good and bad, pleasure and pain, etc., thinking, "This is my wife; this is my house; I am the master of this house; I am the husband of this wife." These are the dualities of delusion. Those who are so deluded by dualities are completely foolish and therefore cannot understand the Supreme Personality of Godhead.
Susannah Cahalan, Brain on Fire: My Month of Madness|Calcification is the hardening of body tissues by calcium salts or deposits. Although calcification itself is not considered a disease, it has been shown to be a significant contributing factor in nearly every known illness and aging condition, including heart disease, kidney stones, gallstones, chronic inflammation, arthritis, cancers, cataracts, eczema, psoriasis, and even wrinkles.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|It’s not the public opinion of what you are that matters, but the private personality of who you are!
Andrzej Sapkowski, The Last Wish|The Witcher had a knife to his throat. He was wallowing in a wooden tub, brimfull with soapsuds, his head thrown agains the slippery rim. The bitter taste of soap lingered in his mouth as the knife, blunt as a doorknob, scraped his Adam's apple painfully and moved towards his chin with a grating sound.
Alexander Pope|If it be the chief point of friendship to comply with a friend's notions and inclinations he possesses this is an eminent degree; he lies down when I sit, and walks when I walk, which is more that many good friends can pretend to do.
Mensah Oteh|To live a successful life and make a difference in the world, you must continue to dream.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|Of all the remedies it has pleased almighty God to give man to relieve his suffering, none is so universal and so efficacious as opium.
Danny Castillones Sillada|Sometimes I wish I had not woken up from a beautiful dream, and continued dreaming within sleep upon sleep until I become a dream itself. Because sometimes waking up is more frightening than a nightmare.
Marybeth Niederkorn, Small Town Tales: Volume 1|All in all, he thought it was a bad idea to get involved with the woman investigating his ex's possible suicide with intent to haunt.
Shannon L. Alder|If you criticize others’ ideas, they will almost never use yours no matter how good they are.
David Schwarzer, Noa's Ark: One Child's Voyage Into Multiliteracy|By the 1920s if you wanted to work behind a lunch counter you needed to know that 'Noah's boy' was a slice of ham (since Ham was one of Noah’s sons) and that 'burn one' or 'grease spot' designated a hamburger. 'He'll take a chance' or 'clean the kitchen' meant an order of hash, 'Adam and Eve on a raft' was two poached eggs on toast, 'cats' eyes' was tapioca pudding, 'bird seed' was cereal, 'whistleberries' were baked beans, and 'dough well done with cow to cover' was the somewhat labored way of calling for an order of toast and butter. Food that had been waiting too long was said to be 'growing a beard'. Many of these shorthand terms have since entered the mainstream, notably BLT for a bacon, lettuce, and tomato sandwich, 'over easy' and 'sunny side up' in respect of eggs, and 'hold' as in 'hold the mayo'.
Kate Bornstein, My Gender Workbook: How to Become a Real Man, a Real Woman, the Real You, or Something Else Entirely|I began to wonder if what makes men walk so lordlike and speak so masterfully is having the love of women. If that was it, Sarah and I would make lords of each other.
Kahlil Gibran|No matter how fleeting Your smile is,Your smile is the very beginningOf your wisdom-light.
Michel de Montaigne|You can blame people and situations for your misery, hunger, deprivation and illness, but you are the only person can be blamed for your illiteracy.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Twilight of the Idols/The Anti-Christ|Is the world really beautified by the fact that man thinks it beautiful? He has humanized it, that is all.
Colleen Houck|Something in Naja's voice, in the roughness of his hands, made Arjin wonder if there might be some truth to the tales of Ansari devouring soft, young humans. The hunger and need he felt pouring off the other man frightened Arjin even as it excited him.
Chrissy Teigen|If you're going to choose to do something like the Paleo Diet, then you choose not to enjoy your nights out.
Nikolai Gogol, Dead Souls|Also, though not over-elderly, he was not over-young.
Sven Lindqvist, Exterminate All the Brutes: &, Desert Divers|The Norweigian philosopher Tonnesen said that to think about anything but death is evasion. Society, art, culture, the whole of civilisation is nothing but evasion, one great collective self delusion, the intention of which is to make us forget that all the time we are falling through the air, at every moment getting closer to death.
Blake Crouch, Dark Matter|I pass a construction site, abandoned for the night, and a few blocks later, the playground of the elementary school my son attended, the metal sliding board gleaming under a streetlamp and the swings stirring in the breeze. There's an energy to these autumn nights that touches something primal inside of me. Something from long ago. From my childhood in western Iowa. I think of high school football games and the stadium lights blazing down on the players. I smell ripening apples, and the sour reek of beer from keg parties in the cornfields. I feel the wind in my face as I ride in the bed of an old pickup truck down a country road at night, dust swirling in the taillights and the entire span of my life yawning out ahead o me. It's the beautiful thing about youth.There's a weightlessness that permeates everything because no damning choices have been made, no paths committed to, and the road forking out ahead is pure, unlimited potential. I love my life, but I haven't felt that lightness of being in ages. Autumn nights like this are as close as I get.
Glenn Greenwald|The virtue of gay equality has become increasingly recognized in the U.S. because people have been persuaded of its merits, not because state officials, acting like Inquisitors, forced people to accept it by punishing them for their refusal.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What is life, without someone to share with?
Nick Hornby, Juliet, Naked|Everyone disliked their partners at some time or another, she knew that. But she’d spent her hours in the dark wondering whether she’d ever liked him. Would it really have been so much worse to spend those years alone? Why did there have to be someone else in the room while she was eating, watching TV, sleeping?
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|We children of schizophrenics are the great secret keepers, the ones who don't want you to think that anything is wrong.
Melissa DeCarlo, The Art of Crash Landing|There is no such thing as magic," she told me. "You can b e l i e v e all you want, but it's never going to do you any good. Nobody flies. We only fall
Penelope Smith, Animal Talk: Interspecies Telepathic Communication|I try to maintain a positive attitude at all times, because clients notice little things like that, and if you're frowning and crying all the time and saying "why? why?", they get worried.
John Newton|If we seem to get no good by attempting to draw near to Him, we may be sure we will get none by keeping away from Him.
Jacques Monod, Chance and Necessity|Armed with all the powers, enjoying all the wealth they owe to science, our societies are still trying to practice and to teach systems of values already destroyed at the roots by that very science. Man knows at last that he is alone in the indifferent immensity of the universe, whence which he has emerged by chance. His duty, like his fate, is written nowhere.
James Kavanaugh, There Are Men Too Gentle to Live Among Wolves|Now he haunts me seldom: some fierce umbilical is broken,I live with my own fragile hopes and sudden rising despair.Now I do not weep for my sins; I have learned to love themAnd to know that they are the wounds that make love real.His face illudes me; his voice, with its pity, does not ring in my ear.His maxims memorized in boyhood do not make fruitless and pointless my experience.I walk alone, but not so terrified as when he held my hand.I do not splash in the blood of his sonnor hear the crunch of nails or thorns piercing protesting flesh.I am a boy again--I whose boyhood was turned to manhood in a brutal myth.Now wine is only wine with drops that do not taste of blood.The bread I eat has too much pride for transubstantiation,I, too--and together the bread and I embrace,Each grateful to be what we are, each loving from our own reality.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Poetry is the wailing of a broken heart―the etched sorrows of despairing souls.  These artful words are an exclamation in rare colors expressed noiselessly on parchment.  Poetry is the unheard cry of a flower, wilting.  It is a humble, lucent tear shed with meaning.  It is the lovely portrayal of ugliness and the bitter edge of sweet.  Poetry speaks to the spirit by piercing understanding. It interprets all senseless truths―beauty, love, emotion―into sensible scrawl.  Poetry is vague affirmation and bewildering clarification. Like the most poignant of emotions, we understand the essence but cannot adequately do it verbal justice, crippled by inherently weak tongues.  A spiritual soothsayer, poetry is the closest thing to expression of feelings unutterable.
Keith  Miller, The Book of Flying|Generous listening is powered by curiosity, a virtue we can invite and nurture in ourselves to render it instinctive. It involves a kind of vulnerability - a willingness to be surprised, to let go of assumptions and take in ambiguity. The listener wants to understand the humanity behind the words of the other, and patiently summons one's own best self and one's own best words and questions.
Mary Pipher, Seeking Peace: Chronicles of the Worst Buddhist in the World|The Buddha-nature which is ours from the very beginning is like the sun which emerges from the clouds, or like a mirror which, when rubbed, regains its original purity and clarity. (217)
Atarah L. Poling, Hidden Light|I don't feel strong anymoreI feel like falling to my knees.Things aren't the way they were before,They're not the way they're supposed to be.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|She reminded him that the weak will never enter the kingdom of love, which is a harsh and ungenerous kingdom,and that women give themselves only to men of resolute spirit, who provide them with the security they need in order to face life.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Perfectly ImperfectWe have all heard that no two snowflakes are alike. Each snowflake takes the perfect form for the maximum efficiency and effectiveness for its journey. And while the universal force of gravity gives them a shared destination, the expansive space in the air gives each snowflake the opportunity to take their own path. They are on the same journey, but each takes a different path.Along this gravity-driven journey, some snowflakes collide and damage each other, some collide and join together, some are influenced by wind... there are so many transitions and changes that take place along the journey of the snowflake. But, no matter what the transition, the snowflake always finds itself perfectly shaped for its journey. I find parallels in nature to be a beautiful reflection of grand orchestration. One of these parallels is of snowflakes and us. We, too, are all headed in the same direction. We are being driven by a universal force to the same destination. We are all individuals taking different journeys and along our journey, we sometimes bump into each other, we cross paths, we become altered... we take different physical forms. But at all times we too are 100% perfectly imperfect. At every given moment we are absolutely perfect for what is required for our journey. I’m not perfect for your journey and you’re not perfect for my journey, but I’m perfect for my journey and you’re perfect for your journey. We’re heading to the same place, we’re taking different routes, but we’re both exactly perfect the way we are. Think of what understanding this great orchestration could mean for relationships. Imagine interacting with others knowing that they too each share this parallel with the snowflake. Like you, they are headed to the same place and no matter what they may appear like to you, they have taken the perfect form for their journey. How strong our relationships would be if we could see and respect that we are all perfectly imperfect for our journey.
Daniel Marks, Velveteen|Suffering should not define you as a woman! And just because you’re a man it doesn’t mean that it doesn’t affect you! HELP HER to remove the taboos and the loneliness surrounding this disease; be understanding, show empathy, and don’t accuse her of being sensitive, delicate, or overly dramatic – this is a big opportunity for you guys to show that you care and to be a real
Sandi Layne, Éire's Captive Moon|... every monarch needs a blow on the head, from time to time.
Brian Greene, The Fabric of the Cosmos: Space, Time, and the Texture of Reality|Physicists have come to realize that mathematics, when used with sufficient care, is a proven pathway to truth.
H.G. Wells, The Time Machine|A photograph is a secret about a secret. The more it tells you, the less you know.
|As a young man, he had instinctively husbanded the freshness of his powers. At the time, it was too soon to see that this freshness was giving birth to vivacity and gaiety, and shape to the courage needed to forge a soul that does not pale, no matter what life brings, regards life not as a heavy burden, a cross, but merely as a duty, and does battle with it with dignity.He had devoted much mental care to his heart and its wise laws. Observing the reflection of beauty on the imagination, both consciously and unconsciously, then the transition from impression to emotion, its symptoms, play, and outcome and looking around himself, advancing into life, he derived for himself the conviction that love moves the world like Archimede's lever, that it holds as much universal and irrefutable truth and good as misunderstanding and misuse do hypocrisy and ugliness.p. 494
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Remember, you are not aspiring for perfection, Bombshell. You are aspiring for progress, one step at a time.
Dacia Maraini, The Silent Duchess|Her gaze dims as her nostalgia for Palermo overcomes her. Those smells of seaweed dried by the sun, of capers, of ripe figs, she will never find them anywhere else; those burnt and scented shores, those waves slowly breaking, jasmine petals flaking in the sun.
St. Maximos the Confessor|I refuse to sit and wait for salvation. Every day I have looked to the sky for the white streak of a plane making its way across the Pacific, but I have not seen any.
Kestral M. Gaian, Counterweights|Naked PoetryWhen it comes to undressing poetry,we are often required to placenude pics of our soulsin virtual ink!
Debasish Mridha|To make it a perfect season, love everyone without reason.
Kady Hunt, Seven Cuts|There’s nothing.Nothing to hold on to while the current takes me.Whatever I might have had until today, I’ve lost.I feel my love for her, swelling; bloating into something that’s about to explode, like an abscess that’s been allowed to rot for too long, but the pain drowns it so completely I know I’m never coming back out. This feeling, that you’re choking and that your body is underwater, immersed in the ocean, a dense flood that overpowers your breathing abilities, and your will to survive gets drowned right along with it. And as I’m drowning I see her face and hear her voice—and it doesn’t give me hope, it terrifies me. I’m terrified because I know she’s going to be the death of me. I’m terrified because I know I won’t be able to cope. I’m terrified because the darkness is the only true friend I’ve ever had and if it wants to embrace me I don’t have the power to make it stop.
Marcel Proust|For even if we have the sensation of being always surrounded by our own soul, it is not as though by a motionless prison: rather, we are in some sense borne along with it in a perpetual leap to go beyond it.
Bill Watterson, There's Treasure Everywhere: A Calvin and Hobbes Collection|Mr. Orage, one of the most active and intelligent reformers for the last generation in England, attempted this very thing. He, in his little intellectual review which was supported by so brilliant a group of writers for so many years, published week after week the ingredients of the English patent medicines and the cost of those ingredients. Not a single one of the newspapers followed suit, or dared publish so much as the fact that Orage was thus acting courageously in his own limited sphere for the public good.
Sydney J. Harris, Best of Sydney Harris|What is much harder to handle is the sense that you have to live up to the mark someone else has set for you. The grades become too important, the competition too frantic, the fear of disappointing those who believe in you turns into an overwhelming nightmare. And it is desperately unfair to the boy. He cannot live his parents' life over again for them. He cannot make up for their own lacks, their own unfulfillments. He cannot carry their torch -- only his own.
Gloria Steinem|Psychopaths... people who know the differences between right and wrong, but don't give a shit. That's what most of my characters are like.
Naomi Novik, His Majesty's Dragon|Responsibility is a unique concept... You may share it with others, but your portion is not diminished. You may delegate it, but it is still with you... If responsibility is rightfully yours, no evasion, or ignorance or passing the blame can shift the burden to someone else. Unless you can point your finger at the man who is responsible when something goes wrong, then you have never had anyone really responsible.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|They still had sexual relations with another, slept in the same bed, shared kisses and intimacy and matrimonial fluid, however both were not married to each other in that sense, although there was a piece of paper that said otherwise.
C. JoyBell C.|I am a flawed person. A brook with many stones, a clear blue sky with many blackbirds. I have many shortcomings. A rainbow that’s not long enough, a starry night with clouds. But I can only be thankful to the God who loves me just this way, and I can only be grateful to the people in my life who accept the clear blue sky with many blackbirds and who are patient with the rainbow that isn’t long enough. And because of this, I am taught love, because of this I love my God, and I love these people.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Love is not sacrificing for each other, but helping each other to become more unified - Mentally by respecting each other's EGO; Psychologically - by understanding and overcoming the subtle nuances of the mind that are detrimental to each other's progress and Spiritually - becoming one with the cosmic whole. This organic growth in all sphere of life is what we call LOVE! Have you experienced this?
Michael Douglas|We went to church every Sunday. When I was a kid, the only time I sang was around my family.
Ben H. Winters, Underground Airlines|If you're as good as your word, words should be good enough.
Tyler Cowen|We're seeing an enormous amount of global upward mobility that's quite rapid and quite sudden, and undiscovered individuals have a chance - using the Internet, using computers - to prove themselves very quickly. So I think the mobility story will be a quite complicated one.
Ben Marcus, Leaving the Sea|The Seeker, The Teacher and The Genius:Knowing is an art; communicating that knowledge is art twice over; but it is only the genius who can use that knowledge.
Soren Kierkegaard|When you're passionate about something, you want it to be all it can be. But in the endgame of life, I fundamentally believe the key to happiness is letting go of that idea of perfection.
Neville Goddard|Spiritual growth is the gradual, I would say, transition from a God of tradition to a God of experience.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|Action springs not from thought, but from a readiness for responsibility.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|A man ninety years old was asked to what he attributed his longevity. "I reckon " he said  with a twinkle in his eye  "it's because most nights I went to bed and slept when I should have sat up and worried."
Jared Kushner|Finance industry executives earn an annual income, including benefits, grants and bonuses, that can reach over eight million shekels a year.
Hunter S. Thompson, Generation of Swine: Tales of Shame and Degradation in the '80's|To assure him, Peter Lim decided that the newsroom adopt this approach: it was better to produce the best story than the first story. He had good reason. Finding scoops in a Singapore with many OB markers carried a real risk: the story was sometimes incomplete or, as in the case of the bus fare increase, premature. For completeness, you sometimes incomplete or, as in the case of the bus fare increase, premature. For completeness, you sometimes had to rely on official spokesmen. But once they knew you were on the story, they either prevailed on the editors to hold it until the time was right to release it, or gave it to every newspaper. The edict went against the grain. No journalist could resist the temptation to be first with the news.
Phil Valentine, The Conservative's Handbook: Defining the Right Position on Issues from A to Z|An eye for an eye, I say. If someone hits you you hit back, do you not? Why then should not the State, very severely hit by you brutal hooligans, not hit back also? But the new view is to say no. The new view is that we turn the bad into the good. All of which seems to me grossly unjust.
Agatha Bird, Like a Sparrow Through the Heart|And Talon did not understand – no, strike that, he didn‘t want to understand – why seeing Hawk and Roadkill together gave him a funny ache in the pit of his stomach. Every time he looked at Flit, the ache got worse. He needed to get laid.
Chris Kurtz, The Adventures of a South Pole Pig: A novel of snow and courage|This was a cruel world she had been born into, all pink and squirming. She'd never wanted to see reality. Now, like the cold, it was impossible to ignore.
Barbara Kingsolver, Small Wonder|What we would think of as a beef animal had the double purpose of being a working or draught animal that could pull heavy loads. There is an old adage, "A year to grow, two years to plough and a year to fatten." The beef medieval people would have eaten would have been a maturer, denser meat than we are used to today. I have always longed to try it. The muscle acquired from a working ox would have broken down over the fattening year and provided wonderful fat covering and marbling. Given the amount of brewing that took place, the odds are that the animals would have been fed a little drained mash from time to time. Kobe beef, that excessively expensive Japanese beef, was originally obtained from ex-plough animals whose muscles were broken down by mash from sake production and by massage. I'd like to think our beef might have had a not dissimilar flavour.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Invincible|Without a word or hesitation, Pain took the mop from Nick. Suffering moved to pick up glass."Wow. Where have you two been all my life?"Pain quirked and eyebrow as he mopped the floor."Walking hand in hand with you. Haven't you noticed?
Herta Müller, The Hunger Angel|I have packed myself into silence so deeply and for so long that I can never unpack myself using words. When I speak, I only pack myself a little differently.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|„Those who decide to live in the Present, must leave their past behind.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|That's how you get deathless, volchitsa. Walk the same tale over and over, until you wear a groove in the world, until even if you vanished, the tale would keep turning, keep playing, like a phonograph, and you'd have to get up again, even with a bullet through your eye, to play your part and say your lines.
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|Most people define themselves by this finite body, but you’re not a finite body. Even under amicroscope you’re an energy field. What we know about energy is this: You go to a quantumphysicist and you say, “What creates the world?” And he or she willsay, “Energy.” Well, describe energy. “OK, it can never be created or destroyed, it always was, always has been, everything that ever existed always exists, it’smoving into form, through form and out of form.” You go to a theologian and ask the question, “What created the Universe?” And he or she willsay, “God.” OK, describe God. “Always was and always has been, never can be created or destroyed, all that ever was, always will be, always moving into form, through form and out of form.” You see, it’s the same description, just different terminology.
Kaye Allen, Chasing Sunsets: Love & Wonders Anthology|They are ever-changing. They are unlike immortals who stay young and beautiful forever—who have time under their control. Humans, they only have a few years to live, and yet there is beauty in the way time controls them.
Robert Reich|I am as non-accepting of medical quackery and unscientific approaches as anybody else. I've grown up as a card-carrying scientist, and I know the power of science to answer questions, and for many questions I don't know of anything better than scientific approaches to answer them.
Alin Sav|Everything what you do is Leadership, if you are OK being number 2 from time to time.
Debasish Mridha|Celebrate every moment, every day. Celebrate every beauty, all the way.
Meg Collett, Fear University|I can't change it now, and besides, I like who those years made me into,
Carl R White|I find that love is confusing, lust is always definitive.
Euginia Herlihy|When God give you a vision, He will give you what you need to accomplish the vision.
John Locke|To love truth for truth's sake is the principal part of human perfection in this world, and the seed-plot of all other virtues.
John Patrick Hickey, All You Have Is Now: How Your Approach to the World Determines Your Destiny|The greatest weapon you have, and the one that will see you through anything, is a settled determination that you will achieve your dream.
John Darnielle|Cool parents, I thought, are the ones who know nothing. It made me feel a little sad for mine, but I didn't say any of this.
Kiera Cass, The Crown|Let's be honest-we're a pretty intense bunch, yeah? Osten laughed, and Kaden's expression brightend. "But whatever we put her through, it was welcome. She'd rather have forced me to learn penmanship than never have had a daughter. She'd rather have been your living encyclopedia than not connect with us. She'd rather have begged you to sit still than have had only three children. None of this is because of us," I promised.
Susana Fortes|Sometimes, staying alive solely depends on keeping your head in place and your senses alert
Tracy March, Should've Said No|These shoes were made for dancing, not propping up a bar stool.""Those shoes were made for something," Alex said. "And it sure as hell isn't dancing.
Munia Khan|I realised that the moon was not a safe place. It knew a thousand ways to kill you if you were stupid, if you were careless, if you were lazy, but the real danger was the people around you. The moon was not a world, it was a submarine. Outside was death. I would be sealed in with these people. There was no law, no justice: there was only management. The moon was the frontier, but it was the frontier to nothing. There was nowhere to run.
Laura Bush|Libraries allow children to ask questions about the world and find the answers. And the wonderful thing is that once a child learns to use a library, the doors to learning are always open.
Jay Stringer, How to Kill Friends and Implicate People|We ran both the courier service and a detective agency from the same office, and had phone apps for both. Basically, we're Uber for parcels and mysteries.
Edna O'Brien, Country Girl|It is impossible to capture the essence of love in writing, only its symptoms remain, the erotic absorption, the huge disparity between the times together and the times apart, the sense of being excluded.
Charles Baudelaire|Common sense tells us that the things of the earth exist only a little, and that true reality is only in dreams.
Ellen Potter, The Kneebone Boy|Everything was an adventure, at night, when you were where you shouldn't be, even if it was somwhere you could go perfectly well in daylight, and it was then only ordinary.
Sue Miller, While I Was Gone|He curled his claw into a fist. "I'd like to shove a stake up that bastard's ass."Adam's lip curled. "Remind me not to piss you off."The demon raised his brow. "Trust that shit, mancy.
Sophocles, Antigone|Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honor and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy.
Karen Karbo, Julia Child Rules: Lessons on Savoring Life|Persevering is not often simply a matter of working hard and refusing to quit; often, by trying again, failing again, and failing better, we inadvertently place ourselves in the way of luck.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I write about adversity, I praise adversity, not to be pessimistic, but rather to strengthen myself. The more familiar that you are with it, the less likely you are to have a breakdown when it occurs. You become more reflective of its purpose, you understand God's reason for it, and are then able to make the best of everything that you are handed. The darkness is only frightening after constant sunshine.
Sheila Moon, Knee-Deep in Thunder|I wonder where we are going," I said."Wherever the way is going," Exi replied calmly."But where do you suppose the way is going?""Wherever we go.""That doesn't really make sense, does it?""Oh, yes. Quite good sense."
Stephen Jay Gould, Bully for Brontosaurus: Reflections in Natural History|The facts of nature are what they are, but we can only view them through the spectacles of our mind. Our mind works largely by metaphor and comparison, not always (or often) by relentless logic. When we are caught in conceptual traps, the best exit is often a change in metaphor — not because the new guideline will be truer to nature (for neither the old nor the new metaphor lies “out there” in the woods), but because we need a shift to more fruitful perspectives, and metaphor is often the best agent of conceptual transition.
Sam Harris|Music moves society more than most people realize. In my opinion, it's a soft manipulator of influence and change.
Rohit Gore, A Darker Dawn|She was like some ancient palimpsest on which layer upon layer of thought and reverie had been inscribed , and yet no succeeding layer had completely hidden or erased what had been written previously.
Maryam Mafi, Rumi's Little Book of the Heart|I say, flawless poems do not exist.
John McCarthy|In regard to music, I just think that it's always best to have an attitude of being a perpetual student and always look to learn something new about music, because there's always something new to learn. Don't dismiss something out of hand because you think it's either beneath you or outside of the realm of where your interests lie.
Léon Bloy|Man has places in his heart which do not yet exist, and into them enters suffering, in order that they may have existence.
Richard P. Feynman|What you see is what you get. My God, I don't have the time nor the energy to live up to some persona.
Kamila Shamsie, Kartography|Who are we but the stories we tell ourselves, about ourselves, and believe?
Philip Gourevitch, We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will Be Killed with Our Families|You don't just have people who wake up in the morning and say, "What evil things can I do today, because I'm Mr. Evil?" People do things for what they think are justified reasons. Everybody is the hero of their own story, and you have to keep that in mind. If you read a lot of history, as I do, even the worst and most monstrous people thought they were the good guys. We're all very tangled knots.
Kelsey Brickl, Paint|When some women felt fear, they covered it with an iron grate of courage, I thought. Men might be dangerous, but they were very often unperceptive. If fear only rumbled through a woman’s soul and glittered through her eyes, then perhaps the man she feared would not be aware it was there at all. He might even think that she was entirely confident, dauntless. He might believe her veneer of bravery.
Mohammed Reza Pahlavi|But the French writers always had more originality and independence than others, and that regulator, which elsewhere was religion, long since ceased to exist for them.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|Urges like the loony who enjoys strangling, it’s his buzz. He gets depressed when in seclusion, as he can’t strangle anybody so in the end he hangs himself in turmoil. Their brain can’t handle it. He wants so bad to kill, but they will not let him, so he has to kill himself.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Divide the constant tide and random noisiness of energetic flow, with conscious recurring moments of empty mind, solitude, gratitude and deep...slow...breathing. Of this, the natural law of self-preservation demands.
Dada Bhagwan|The Gnanis [The enlightened ones] have said that if one lives as if he is dead, death will never come to him.
Jan Jansen|Some says money is everythingAnd some says love is everythingBut if you have peace of mind , you don't need anything..!
Mohit Chauhan|About 80 percent of the photos on Flickr are public and searchable by everyone. In one sense, it's a place where people upload snapshots from the family reunion, wedding or the birth of a baby or something like that, but it's also a place where people go to show what the world looks like to them.
Christopher Hitchens|One might come up with other and kinder distinctions (I shall not be doing so) but the plain fact about the senator from New York is surely that she is a known quantity who has already been in the White House purely as the result of a relationship with a man, and not at all a quixotic outsider who represents the aspirations of an 'out' group, let alone a whole sex or gender.
Antonio Banderas|A safe, affordable and plentiful supply of food is a national security issue.
Phil Keoghan|If you look at 'The Best Man,' there's a lot of humor in that, but I never consider that movie a comedy. I felt that it was a drama with comedic elements and comedic parts to it.
Herman Cain, This Is Herman Cain!: My Journey to the White House|There are generally three kinds of people in the world. People who make things happen, people who watch things happen, and people who say, what in the heck happened.
Richard J. Maybury, Whatever Happened to Justice? Revised Edition|Do all you have agreed to do, and do not encroach on other persons or their property.
Ron Suskind, A Hope in the Unseen: An American Odyssey from the Inner City to the Ivy League|There has always been a sliver of panic in him, deeply buried, when it comes to his daughter: a fear that he is no good as a father, that he is doing everything wrong. That he never quite understood the rules. …There is pride, too, though–pride that he has done it alone. That his daughter is so curious, so resilient. There is the humility of being a father to someone so powerful, as if he were only a narrow conduit for another, greater thing. That’s how it feels right now, he thinks, kneeling beside her, rinsing her hair: as though his love for his daughter will outstrip the limits of his body. The walls could fall away, even the whole city, and the brightness of that feeling would not wane.
William Faulkner|You don’t love because: you love despite; not for the virtues, but despite the faults.
Sunday Adelaja|If people do not know the rules, they will continue making mistakes and the situation will only worsen
Beatrice James|I was pondering the reason why we are all here in this life, and what did it all mean. It seemed to me that we had all been invited to one big party, but no-one’s been told what we’re all celebrating.
Kelly Thompson, The Girl Who Would Be King|And where do I go? Where on Earth does a person go when she realizes there's no place for her? You can't possibly try to fit in, because if you do, if you manage to carve out some beautiful niche of happiness for yourself, then one day it will be taken from you as surely and truly as the sun rises each morning.
Criss Jami|In their minds, it seems as though people don't often have the same answers, but in their hearts, they do very frequently have the same questions.
Jamie Dornan|My husband, Sal, and I put date nights on the calendar once a week. I know that doesn't sound romantic, but otherwise it won't get done.
Ray Bradbury, Yestermorrow|A year here and he still dreamed of cyberspace, hope fading nightly. All the speed he took, all the turns he'd taken and the corners he cut in Night City, and he'd still see the matrix in his dreams, bright lattices of logic unfolding across that colourless void... The Sprawl was a long, strange way home now over the Pacific, and he was no Console Man, no cyberspace cowboy. Just another hustler, trying to make it through. But the dreams came on in the Japanese night like livewire voodoo, and he'd cry for it, cry in his sleep, and wake alone in the dark, curled in his capsule in some coffin hotel, hands clawed into the bedslab, temper foam bunched between his fingers, trying to reach the console that wasn't there.
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|When the winds of life are pushing you back, THAT'S when you push forward the hardest.
Lisa Kleypas, Scandal in Spring|They took Daisy to the orangery, where warm autumn light glittered through the windows, and the scents of citrus and bay hung thick in the air. Removing Daisy's heavy orange-blossom wreath and veil, Lillian set them aside on a chair.There was a silver tray on a nearby table, laden with a bottle of chilled champagne and four tall crystal glasses."This is a special toast for you, dear," Lillian said, while Annabelle poured the sparkling liquid and handed the glasses out. "To your happy ending. Since you've had to wait for it longer than the rest of us, I'd say you deserve the entire bottle." She grinned. "But we're going to share it with you anyway."Daisy curved her fingers around the crystal stem. "It should be a toast for all of us," she said. "After all, three years ago we had the worst marriage prospects imaginable. We couldn't even get an invitation to dance. And look how well things turned out.""All it t-took was some devious behavior and a few scandals here and there," Evie said with a smile."And friendship," Annabelle added."To friendship," Lillian said, her voice suddenly husky.And their four glasses clicked in one perfect moment.
Drew Carey|Training is such a vital part of preparation for a game, you really do train to play. It tops up your ability, like sharpening a carving knife. You can get away with not doing it for a while, as long as you have reached a certain standard of fitness.
Christopher Marlowe|Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.
Ray Bradbury, The Martian Chronicles|They stood there, King of the Hill, Top of the Heap, Ruler of All They Surveyed, Unimpeachable Monarchs and Presidents, trying to understand what it meant to own a world and how big a world really was.
A.W. Tozer, How to Be Filled with the Holy Spirit|[D]on't try to know everything. You can't. Find Him in the Word, for the Holy Ghost wrote this Book. He inspired it, and He will be revealed in its pages.
Satuin Segi|Life is like a clock, it goes round and round, until the battery dies. Unlike clocks when humans die, they are either dead for good or they are still alive in the minds of others. To live on after death one must make a name for himself, if one fails to make a name for himself, then he will die alone, and forgotten.
Royal Young, Fame Shark|I grew up watching my father make plates that featured penises as centerpieces. Pink, proud, and stiff, encircled by cerulean Greek key, Dad’s creations made me feel scared and small. I saw a private part of the man I could not measure up to. At six years old, I lived in a world shaded by his ceramic glazes. There was love and color, but anger, too, in the way he kneaded his clay, palms pounding the rich, wet earth into shapes of his choosing.
Bradley B. Dalina|Be careful! If the opinion of others is your gauge, then it is also your goal. If you concern yourself with what others think, then you can only go as far as others think. You're better than that!
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Quips Quotes and Quandaries|I am chaos eternal. I desire everything this world and the next offers. I am greed, I am hunger. Oh how I hunger... I want the pathetic mortals of this world to bow before me. I want all that they own, all they desire, every marvelous creation of theirs, but there is only one thing in this world that I need, and that, Muse, is you.
Margaret Ronald, Soul Hunt|... there's fear that keeps you safe, and fear that warns you, and then there's fear of another sort. The kind that makes you turn on your friends, that irises the world down to one frightened person.
George R.R. Martin|Dr. Cox: Ladies and gentlemen, allow me to present, Man Not Caring.[points to self]
N.D. Wilson, Death by Living: Life Is Meant to Be Spent|...The means of choice:She might choose to ascendThe falling dream,By some angelic power without a nameReverse the motion, plunge into upwardness,Know height without an end,Density melt to air, silence yield a voice--Within her fall she felt the pull of Grace.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven King|Somewhere along the way, during this hunt for Glendower, he'd forgotten to notice how much magic there was in the world. How much magic that wasn't just buried in a tomb. He was feeling it now.
Elizabeth Bibesco|Clothes as text, clothes as narration, clothes as a story. Clothes as the story of our lives. And if you were to gather all the clothes you have ever owned in all your life, each baby shoe and winter coat and wedding dress, you would have your autobiography. You could wear, once more, your own life in all its stages, from whatever they wrapped you in when you emerged from the dark red naked warmth of the womb to your deathbed.
Lia Davis, Death's Storm|His power reached out to her like physical touch of a lover, sending tingles over her skin. His sculptured body moved in a sensual, yet deadly manner. Her hands itched to touch him, to feel his warm skin under her palms. She closed her eyes to stop the urge to go to him, shivered, and cursed her body for responding to him.
Terry Goodkind, Wizard's First Rule|Sometimes, making the wrong choice is better than making no choice. You have the courage to go forward, that is rare. A person who stands at the fork, unable to pick, will never get anywhere.
J. Limbu|You're not just getting old, you're getting closer to your death; and you don't want to miss anything.
Bashō Matsuo, Japanese Haiku|Twilight whippoorwill...Whistle on, sweet deepenerOf dark loneliness
Chip Conley|Going to a concert can sometimes be very difficult. It can be a long journey. There's the ticket prices. But when the music goes to the community - not the community coming to the concert - they say, 'Wow! I didn't know that this music was so amazing!'
Sol Luckman, Snooze: A Story of Awakening|Shearwater sighed, like a whale in the night.
John Paul II, Purity of Heart: Reflections on Love and Lust / Pope John Paul II's Theology of the Body in Simple Language, Vol. 2|On one hand the eternal attraction of man towards femininity (cf. Gn. 2:23) frees in him-or perhaps it should free-a gamut of spiritual-corporal desires of an especially personal and "sharing" nature (cf. analysis of the "beginning"), to which a proportionate pyramid of values corresponds. On the other hand, "lust" limits this gamut, obscuring the pyramid of values that marks the perennial attraction of male and female.
Confucius|If one should desire to know whether a kingdom is well governed, if its morals are good or bad, the quality of its music will furnish the answer.
Michael J. Sullivan, Age of Myth|Fulfillment comes from striving to succeed, to survive by your own wits and strength. Such things make each of us who we are. You lose that in captivity, lose yourself, and that loss saps your capacity for joy.
Ralph  Webster, A Smile in One Eye: a Tear in the Other|I can tell you that events were incremental, that the unbelievable became the believable and, ultimately, the normal.
William Shakespeare|It is well if you go in for revenge to make it as complete as possible.("The Vengeance Of The Dead")
Anita Sax|Never presume negative about someone promptly,You have no idea about the situation of them.
Vernor Vinge, A Deepness in the Sky|Kittridge closed his eyes. So, the end. It would happen instantaneously, a painless departure, quicker than thought. he felt the presence of his body one last time: the taste of air in his lungs, the blood surging in his veins, the drumlike beating of his heart. The bomb was dropping toward them."I've got you," he said, hugging Tim fiercely; and again, over and over, so that the boy would be hearing these words. "I've got you, I've got you, I've got you, I've got you.
Hélène Cixous, from an interview featured in the introduction of The Selected Plays of Hélène Cixous|I see nothing. I do not move. It is an empty time, animal time, vigilant, I am submerged, under the earth and under time. I listen. Perhaps the waiting is a form of prayer.
Alan Shayne, Double Life: The Story of a Fifty Year Marriage|As an artist in the 1960s, Norman Sunshine was able to maintain a moderately out lifestyle. But when the first exhibition of his paintings in New York brought on a profile in The New York Times in 1968, he was photographed in the apartment that he admitted sharing with Shayne. At both his advertising agency and Shayne’s television production company, the article was met with absolute silence.
Serena Williams|A kind heart is a fountain of gladness, making everything in its vicinity freshen into smiles.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Are Women Human? Astute and Witty Essays on the Role of Women in Society|In fact, there is perhaps only one human being in a thousand who is passionately interested in his job for the job's sake. The difference is that if that one person in a thousand is a man, we say, simply, that he is passionately keen on his job; if she is a woman, we say she is a freak.
Joyce Meyer|I am a free lover. I have an inalienable, constitutional and natural right to love whom I may, to love as long or short a period as I can; to change that love every day if I please.
Jan Neruda, Prague Tales|Men are jealous of every woman, even when they don’t have the slightest interest in her themselves.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|It's impossible to be involved in all situations, but there's no excuse not to be involved in something, somewhere, somehow, with someone. Make an ounce of difference.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The tree that stands to the tempest is strong;the tree that refuses to bend, the strongest.
Jennie Garth|As a teacher, my strategy is to encourage questioning. I'm the least authoritarian professor you'll ever meet.
Madeline  Martin, Deception of a Highlander|No more sounds emerged as he walked through the forest, save the whisper of the leaves above. Though nothing further appeared out of the ordinary, he knew one thing for certain.	He was not alone.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|For a woman, every outfit is a hopeful spell, cast to influence the outcome of the day. An act of trying to predict your fate, like looking at your horoscope.
Rebecca Barry, Later, at the Bar: A Novel in Stories|My swimming cap was really sprouting leaks these days. The thing is, you could patch over the holes, but it would never be the same. Like my love life.
Thomas Fowell Buxton|With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|Not to find one’s way in a city may well be uninteresting and banal. It requires ignorance—nothing more," says the twentieth-century philosopher-essayist Walter Benjamin. “But to lose oneself in a city—as one loses oneself in a forest—that calls for quite a different schooling.” To lose yourself: a voluptuous surrender, lost in your arms, lost to the world, utterly immersed in what is present so that its surroundings fade away. In Benjamin’s terms, to be lost is to be fully present, and to be fully present is to be capable of being in uncertainty and mystery. And one does not get lost but loses oneself, with the implication that it is a conscious choice, a chosen surrender, a psychic state achievable through geography.
Colleen Hoover, November 9|Without hair, A queen is still a queen’.
Anthony Kennedy|Interethnic and spiritual accord is our strategic resource, the basis for progress of our society and state.
Paula Hawkins|I'm not romantic, and I don't like Christmas.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The converted person will love the good he once hated, and hate the sin he once loved.
Deyth Banger|Anxiety ruins everything, if you don't be in such position you will better as a human kind.
Leta B.|May you transform your pain, anger, and hurt into wisdom, kindness, and love.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The exaggerated dopamine sensitivity of the introvert leads one to believe that when in public, introverts, regardless of its validity, often feel to be the center of (unwanted) attention hence rarely craving attention. Extroverts, on the other hand, seem to never get enough attention. So on the flip side it seems as though the introvert is in a sense very external and the extrovert is in a sense very internal - the introvert constantly feels too much 'outerness' while the extrovert doesn't feel enough 'outerness'.
Franz Liszt|All theory of modernity in sociology suggests that the more modernity there is, the less religion. In my theory we can realize that this is wrong: atheism is only one belief system among many.
Mehmet Murat ildan|My field was God’s earth. Wherever I ploughed, there was my field. Land was free. It was a thing no man called his own. Labor was the only thing men called their own.
Nicolas Cage|I'm the first to admit that I like going to, or my memories at least of going to Clint Eastwood movies or Charles Bronson or James Bond.
David Mutti Clark, Professor Brown Shoes Teaches the Blues|Now listen for your song. Everybody’s got a song. When I used to chase the Trane— John Coltrane that is— he used to tell me, ‘If I know a man’s sound, I know the man.’ Do you hear the melody playing in your mind? Does it move you, nudge you off your seat?
Alex  Lamb, Roboteer|So, what’s the status?” said Ira as he pulled himself down to his couch.“Will is turning into a starship,” Hugo replied, clearly only half in jest. “We’re about to watch history in the making.
Bashō Matsuo|Every day is a journey, and the journey itself is home.
Karen Heese|The young have little use for the concept of rebirth, yet the older they get the more appealing the concept becomes.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|You see, some things I can teach you. Some you learn from books. But they are things that, well, you just have to see and feel. p.147
Chris     Murray|You will never change a prospective customer’s mind, my boy. There is a chance that he might make a new decision if enough reliable evidence comes his way, but to do that he has to want to listen - to hear it - and that requires trust and respect.
Jim Jensen|One day the people that didn't believe in you,will tell everyone how they met you.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Human beings are free except when humanity needs them. Maybe humanity needs you. To do something. Maybe humanity needs me—to find out what you're good for. We might both do despicable things, Ender, but if humankind survives, then we were good tools.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Summing Up|For myself I can say that, having had every good thing that money can buy, an experience like another, I could part without a pang with every possession I have. We live in uncertain times and our all may yet be taken from us. With enough plain food to satisfy my small appetite, a room to myself, books from a public library, pens and paper, I should regret nothing.
Adriana Trigiani, Big Stone Gap|People have often told me that one of their strongest childhood memories is the scent of their grandmother's house. I never knew my grandmothers, but I could always count of the Bookmobile.
Patrick Swayze|When those you love die, the best you can do is honor their spirit for as long as you live. You make a commitment that you’re going to take whatever lesson that person or animal was trying to teach you, and you make it true in your own life… it’s a positive way to keep their spirit alive in the world, by keeping it alive in yourself.
Lynn Raye Harris, Hot Pursuit|Was it really called dry humping, if they did it underwater? Probably not. Crying shame that they both had their jeans on, because this was definitely one of those adrenaline-fuelled moments of passion with a total loss of inhibition, where need and desire trumped all reason.
Victoria Moran, Younger by the Day: 365 Ways to Rejuvenate Your Body and Revitalize Your Spirit|You know how we’re thinking about food these days, less in terms of carbs and calories than in terms of color, vivacity, and life force? We can do the same with time. Then it’s no longer about having enough of it but about infusing color and vivacity and life force into every moment. (279)
Robert J. Sawyer, Calculating God|That natural selection can produce changes within a type is disputed by no one, not even the staunchest creationist. But that it can transform one species into another — that, in fact, has never been observed.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|I adore Wilkie Collins,” Tessa cried. “Oh—Armadale! And The Woman in White …Are you laughing at me?”“Not at you,” said Will, grinning, “more because of you. I’ve never seen anyone get soexcited over books before. You’d think they were diamonds.”“Well, they are, aren’t they? Isn’t there anything you love like that? And don’t say ‘spats’ or ‘lawn tennis’ or something silly.”“Good Lord,” he said with mock horror, “it’s like she knows me already.
Cees Nooteboom, 's Nachts komen de vossen|Never, my little one, hide anything from those that love you. Never let anything that makes itself a nest in your heart, grow into a secret, for then at once it will begin to eat a hole in it.
Abigail Haas, Dangerous Boys|I chose him. If I chose him, he had to be the right choice. I wouldn’t love him if it weren’t right.
Shankar Vedantam|«Linkeree does what he likes. He likes to be alone and think his own thoughts. No one is hurt by it.» Sara said, «Jason said that we are one people. Linkeree is saying he does not want to be part of us, and if he is not part of us then we are all less than we were.» They were both very wise. It would be so much easier for Kapock if they had only agreed with each other.
Anonymous, Deuteronomy|Your castles and strongholds shall have bars of iron and bronze, and as your day, so shall your strength, your rest and security, be.” Deuteronomy 33:25 AMP
Jim Butcher, Small Favor|We may feel in control, but we never truly are unless we understand people. Controlling our environment is no longer about blocking the wind, it's about knowing why the serving lady was crying last night, or why a particular guard always loses at cards.
J.A. Redmerski, The Edge of Always|At this time in history, sick, afraid, and despondent are the general conditions that affect the majority of poeple almost everywhere. It's difficult and challenging to follow the call of conscience when we're under the dark veil of these forces. At the same time, it's painful not to follow it.When you become healthy, courageous, and hopeful, following your conscience becomes easier. When people are healthy, courageous, and hopeful, it's difficult to bend their mind and will. You can't force them to do what you'd like them to do against their will. They will speak out what they believe, and stand up and do what is right even when it means a loss to them.I am hopeful because I have witnessed this change throughout my life. From the realization of what I really am, I became hopeful, courageous, and passionate for life, and I felt responsible for the general condition of humanity and the Earth because they are not separate from me.
Moffat Machingura|Follow your dreams. I am not saying it’s going to be easy, but I am saying it’s going to be worth it. – Moffat Machingura
Richelle Mead, Bloodlines|I managed to ask a question that had been burning inside me. “Do you still love her? Rose?” Along with not knowing what it felt like to be in love, I also didn’t know how long it took to recover from love.Adrian’s smile faded. His gaze turned inward. “Yes. No. It’s hard to get over someone like that. She had a huge effect on me, both good and bad. That’s hard to move past. I try not to think about her much in terms of love and hate. Mostly I’m trying to get on with my life. With mixed results, unfortunately.
Alexandra Bracken, Passenger|Well, that's it." I said after we had waited for another five minutes and found ourselves still in a state of pleasantly welcome existence. "The ChronoGuard has shut itself down and time travel is as it should be: technically, logically, and theoretically...impossible." "Good thing, too," reply Landon. "It always made my head ache. In fact, I was thinking of doing self help book for science-fiction novelists eager to write about time travel. It would consist of a single word: Don't.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|Every work of art is aggressive, Isabella. And every artist's life is a small war or a large one, beginning with oneself and one's limitations. To achieve anything you must first have ambition and then talent, knowledge, and finally the opportunity.
D. Allen Miller|Learning has been liberated from the despotism of the few and is now available to the mass public for one's own evolution. Yet many of us continue to find solace in illusions, in conformity to systematical oppression, in distractions that keep us mentally, socially and often physically retarded.
LeeAnn Whitaker, Never Another You|It's our version of "me" that causes us the most stress and heartache. Which is why it comes as a relief to discover that this version is as transient as a cloud in the sky. Focus on the cloud and the result is uncertain. Focus on the sky and we discover clarity.
Tammie Beard|Master the difference between somebody wanting to get into your business vs. somebody wanting to be of support to you, everyone is not out to destroy you
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|It seems to me that one ought to rejoice in the fact of death-- ought to decide, indeed, to earn one's death by confronting with passion the conundrum of life. One is responsible to life: It is the small beacon in that terrifying darkness from which we come and to which we shall return. One must negotiate this passage as nobly as possible, for the sake of those who are coming after us.
Truman Capote, Other Voices, Other Rooms|In eternity this world will be like Troy, I believe, and all that has passed here will be the epic of the universe, the ballad they sing in the streets.
Kate Atkinson, When Will There Be Good News?|Countries, states, cities, corporations and laws are all words on paper.
Zoe Saldana|The Indian Summer of life should be a little sunny and a little sad, like the season, and infinite in wealth and depth of tone, but never hustled.
Gerard Way|NASA projects often have romantic names that link into a long history of exploration and adventure: Atlantis and Discovery, for example.
Laney Smith, Lock Creek: One Year's Time|You know what?” he whispered, out of breath, “You’re about to be in a whole lot of trouble. We probably better go.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|What is the easiest, the most comfortable thing for a writer to do? To congratulate the society in which he lives: to admire its biceps, applaud its progress, tease it endearingly about its follies.
G.K. Chesterton|Surely we cannot take an open question like the supernatural and shut it with a bang, turning the key of the madhouse on all the mystics of history. You cannot take the region of the unknown and calmly say that, though you know nothing about it, you know all the gates are locked. We do not know enough about the unknown to know that it is unknowable.
Petina Gappah, An Elegy for Easterly: Stories|When a woman is interested in you, she’ll let you know; if not, there’s no aftershave, gift, or line you can spin to make her change her mind.
Soman Chainani, The Last Ever After|The thing Tedros liked about girls is that they always started the conversation. Most of the time, his job was just to listen, ask questions, and try to understand what in God’s name was going on in their complicated little heads. He rarely had any idea what girls were talking about or why they made everything so torturous in their logic, so playing the role of the strong, silent type usually gave him time to catch up.
Theodor Adorno|I don't care about the internal political system of the United States. I want to be a friend of United States, of its baseball, its institutions, its rock and roll, its workers, and its technology because we need it. I want to be friends of the Arab people, of the Persian people, of the Asian people.
L.H.|The hatred that I harbored for Lou and Paul faded into the background. The cold, lonely mountains which once filled my mouth and mind with the madness of Zarathustra shifted into a lithium passivity. Even Wagner was nothing more than a jester for some cathartic writing, allowing me to purge the bales of contempt that I had for the man.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing.
Sasha Grey|I began my writing life as a poet, so poetry has always been fundamental. I evolved from poetry to journalism to stories to novels. But poetry was always there.
Daniel Parris|In order to create, equilibrium must be broken.
Sasha Pieterse|My mom and I have always been there for each other. We had some tough times, but she was always there for me.
Judy Blundell, Strings Attached|Faith seems to grab people and not let go, but hope is a double-crosser. It can beat it on you anytime; it's your job to dig in your heels and hang on. Must be nice to have hope in your pocket, like loose change you could jingle through your fingers.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|Eons ago, the creative genius of God foresaw that it would take the shattered pieces of my ‘yesterday’ to construct the sturdy portal to my ‘tomorrow.
Ivan Illich, The Right to Useful Unemployment and Its Professional Enemies|Today, one must either be isolated and cut off, or a carefully guarded, affluent drop-out, to allow one's children to play in an environment where they listen to people rather than to stars, speakers, or instructors. All over the world, one can see the rapid encroachment of the disciplined acquiescence that characterizes the audience, the client, the customer.
George Eliot, Adam Bede|Even when she was speaking, her soul was in prayer reposing on an unseen support.
Giridhar Alwar, My Quest For Happy Life|You will not get chances all the time, so don't miss any chance if you feel that it can hold you at the right place that you deserve.
Laura Gallego García, Dos velas para el diablo|¿Por qué? ¿Acaso crees que los demonios no podemos sentir afecto? Somos seres racionales y experimentamos emociones complejas. Si los ángeles pueden matar, ¿por qué nosotrso no podemos amar?
Truman Capote|Pop music, disco music, and heavy metal music is about shutting out the tensions of life, putting it away.
Avina Celeste|When you feel unsatisfied in your life, you must immediately take action to change your perspective, thoughts, and activity. If you stay longer than necessary in your unhappy state you will find yourself sinking deeper and deeper into misery. Fortunately, no matter how deep you fall into dissatisfaction you will always be able to change your life for the better through positive action.
Lord Dunsany, The King of Elfland's Daughter|Nobody can tell you about that sword all that there is to be told of it; for those that know of those paths of Space on which its metals once floated, till Earth caught them one by one as she sailed past on her orbit, have little time to waste on such things as magic and so cannot tell you how the sword was made, and those who know whence poetry is, and the need that man has for song, or know any one of the fifty branches of magic, have little time to waste on such things as science, and so cannot tell you whence its ingredients came. Enough that it was once beyond our Earth and was now here amongst our mundane stones; that it was once but as those stones, and now had something in it such as soft music has; let those that can define it.
T.S. Eliot, Collected Poems, 1909-1962|music heard so deeplyThat it is not heard at all, butyou are the musicWhile the music lasts.
Matt Damon|What is it we want out of travel? Is it to take snapshots of ourselves in front of famous monuments, surrounded by other tourists? To eat unfamiliar food chosen from unintelligible menus? To earn frequent-flier miles? No. It's to glimpse what life is like somewhere else.
Solomon Northup, Twelve Years a Slave|The influence of the iniquitous system necessarily fosters an unfeeling and cruel spirit, even in the bosoms of those who, among their equals, are regarded as humane and generous.
Samuel Butler|You don't actually do a project; you can only do action steps related to it. When enough of the right action steps have been taken, some situation will have been created that matches your initial picture of the outcome closely enough that you can call it "done.
Cassie Mae, Doing It for Love|I like this marriage thing, because it's the best of all of us. We get to be the whole meal. The appetizer, the entree, the luxurious dessert... And yes, the peas and the carrots.
|The absence of the spirit of gratitude in one's heart, always hinders the presence of happiness in one's life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Fierce faith, hopeful heart
Gabriella Jording|Foreign to knowledge, mystery to senses, alien to emotion: LOVE.
Ted  Keller, Watercolor: One Person's Teachings on Watercolor Painting and Becoming an Artist Along with a Gallery of His Work|Creativity is different than cleverness. Clever things are often fun, but usually shallow and short lived. Creativity is deeper.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|How'd you get to be so good at this?""I had a good teacher.""Better not have been Myrnin or I'll have to kick his predatory ass.""I mean you, dummy.""Oh.
Stephen Hawking, A Brief History of Time|In the eighteenth century, philosophers considered the whole of human knowledge, including science, to be their field and discussed questions such as: Did the universe have a beginning? However, in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, science became too technical and mathematical for the philosophers, or anyone else except a few specialists. Philosophers reduced the scope of their inquiries so much that Wittgenstein, the most famous philosopher of this century, said, "The sole remaining task for philosophy is the analysis of language." What a comedown from the great tradition of philosophy from Aristotle to Kant!
Jacqueline Leo|In its famous paradox, the equation of money and excrement, psychoanalysis becomes the first science to state what common sense and the poets have long known - that the essence of money is in its absolute worthlessness.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|No hard feelings about that time in the Crucible when you mixed my salts and I was nearly blind for a day. No. No, really, drink up!
Iain Banks, The Wasp Factory|This murdered girl troubles me. After the first shock, nobody at school says much about her. Even Cordelia does not want to talk about her. It’s as if this girl has done something shameful, herself, by being murdered.
Richard L. Brandt, One Click: Jeff Bezos and the Rise of Amazon.com|I am made to think, not for the first time, that in my writing I have plunged ahead-head-on, heedlessly one might say-or 'fearlessly'- into my own future: this time of utter raw anguished loss. Though I may have had, since adolescence, a kind of intellectual/literary precocity, I had not experienced much;nor would I experience much until I was well into middle age-the illnesses and deaths of my parents, this unexpected death of my husband. We play at paste till qualified for pearl says Emily Dickinson. Playing at paste is much of our early lives. And then, with the violence of a door slammed shut by wind rushing through a house, life catches up with us.
John James Audubon|Things happen to us in unpredictable ways, but the effect that that has on the kind of people who we become actually is not only open to chance - we can influence it in pretty profound ways.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Knight|When he was kidnapped by the Iron King and taken into the Nevernever, she didn’t hesitate to go after him. And she didn’t stop there. When her magic was sealed by Mab, leaving her defenseless in the Winter Court, she somehow managed to survive, even when she thought you had turned on her. When the Scepter of the Seasons was stolen by the Iron fey, she went after it, despite having no magic and no weapon with which to defend herself. And when the courts asked her to destroy the false king, she accepted, even though the Summer and Iron glamours within her were making her sick, and she couldn’t use either of them effectively. She still went into the Iron Kingdom toface a tyrant she didn’t know if she could overcome.“Now,” Ariella finished, turning toward me, “do you still believe humans are weak?
Lori Wilde, The Cowboy Takes a Bride|I thought if you wore that, no matter what face you saw every morning in the mirror," he said in his deep voice, "you'll never forget who you really are."My eyes filling with tear, I held my hand out across the tabletop. He grasped my fingers, his grip strong and reassuring."As if I ever could," I said, my voice clogged with emotion, "with you around to remind me.
Giselle Simlett, Girl of Myth and Legend|And in those same years, the farmers in the developing world would come to be encouraged to use the patented descendants of the seeds their ancestors had once freely shared. And once they did that, once they bought the new seed and stopped saving seed as they had for centuries, they not only lost the old varieties but they were trapped in a system that indentured them to the seed companies. And if they resisted buying the new seeds, even if they resisted because they were not convinced about the safety of the new seeds, they were told they were causing starvation in their countries. And if they thought to demand royalties for the germplasm their ancestors once had given freely, they were called greedy.
Martha Lemasters, The Step: One Woman's Journey to Finding Her Own Happiness and Success During the Apollo Space Program|They took to walking and chatting in a park close to the house. Charles was flattered by the attention he was given by Edina. He had never had a girlfriend and smiled at the eagerness of this blossoming young woman. One evening, as they walked in the park. Charles took Edina's hand in his, and immediately the fire in his belly was lit."So, what is it you want to do, Edina?
Rabindranath Tagore, The Home and the World|Because God has been reduced in the minds of people, they do not have that boundless confidence in His character that used to be prominent among Christians. Confidence is necessary to respect. You cannot respect a man in whom you have no confidence. Extend that respect upward to God and if you cannot respect God, you cannot worship Him. You cannot have confidence in Him, because where there is no respect there can be no worship.
Masaru Ibuka|The key to success for Sony, and to everything in business, science and technology for that matter, is never to follow the others.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|If you're a follower of Jesus, He has given you abundance so that you can care for others, not so you can stock up on capri pants for next summer or afford a leather interior in the new SUV.
Agatha Christie|The survivor movements were also challenging the notion of a dysfunctional family as the cause and culture of abuse, rather than being one of the many places where abuse nested. This notion, which in the 1990s and early 1980s was the dominant understanding of professionals characterised the sex abuser as a pathetic person who had been denied sex and warmth by his wife, who in turn denied warmth to her daughters. Out of this dysfunctional triad grew the far-too-cosy incest dyad. Simply diagnosed, relying on the signs: alcoholic father, cold distant mother, provocative daughter. Simply resolved, because everyone would want to stop, to return to the functioning family where mum and dad had sex and daughter concentrated on her exams. Professionals really believed for a while that sex offenders would want to stop what they were doing. They thought if abuse were decriminalised, abusers would seek help. The survivors knew different. P5
Miguel Ruiz, The Mastery of Love: A Practical Guide to the Art of Relationship --Toltec Wisdom Book|In the track of fear we have so many conditions, expectations, and obligations that we create a lot of rules just to protect ourselves against emotional pain, when the truth is that there shouldn't be any rules. These rules affect the quality of the channels of communication between us, because when we are afraid, we lie. If you have the expectation that I have to be a certain way, then I feel the obligation to be that way.The truth is I am bot what you want me to be. When I am honest and I am what I am, you are already hurt, you are mad. Then I lie to you, because I'm afraid of your judgment. I am afraid you are going to blame me, find me guilty, and punish me.
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu|Making movies is about creating illusions, and they can be subtle illusions, but it's all a cumulative effect as you make these little tweaks. It kinda adds up to something, hopefully.
Sanhita Baruah|There are no tragedies in life, only violent coup d’etats on the state of irrational optimism
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|I do not know about my life but i am sure about my death , i will die in rest because i have no credit of anyone on my soul
Bob Saget|Look at the news stand, you know? I mean, it's a cacophony of famous people or people who want to be famous with blurbs all around it, and it's supposed to be, you know, that's supposed to be creativity in journalism. My God, it's unbelievable. It's shocking.
Roberto Bolaño|In this country, don’t forget, a habit is no damn private hell. There’s no solitary confinement outside of jail. A habit is hell for those you love. And in this country it’s the worst kind of hell for those who love you.
Melyssa Winchester, Count on Me|Memories are strange things. Without being something I can hold in my hand, they wield a beguiling power over me. Like a mirage in the noontime heat of summer they dance before my inner eyes and beckon me to find water where there is no water.
Blake Lively|I stayed in Baghdad every summer until I was 14. My dad's sister is still there, but many of my relatives have managed to get out. People forget that there are still people there who are not radicalized in any particular direction, trying to live normal lives in a very difficult situation.
Timothy Simpson, Boredom to Brilliance|The universe and all creation are there for you to connect your spirit to and you are special part of the whole. If you can sense the wonder of the vast infinite and eternal universe, your spirit will be lifted to great heights and you will tap the source of your life energy.
Keian no Ofuregaki|Eating a burrito is like eating a living, breathing organism - you can feel the burrito's ingredients sigh inside with each bite, each squeeze.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg|I am very proud of the role I played in getting legal equality for people who are lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender, and in helping get rid of the prejudice by being visible about it, helping to block the conviction of Bill Clinton of impeachment.
Serena Yates|Time travel is complicated, or so we think, since we have not yet managed to actually figure out how to do it.
Anthony Liccione|Sin bites bitter. But oh, the sweet taste of salvation, that stirs the spirit!
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Then is courtesy a turncoat. But it is certain I am loved of all ladies, only you excepted: and I would I could find in my heart that I had not a hard heart; for, truly, I love none. Beatrice: A dear happiness to women: they would else have been troubled with a pernicious suitor. I thank God and my cold blood, I am of your humour for that: I had rather hear my dog bark at a crow than a man swear he loves me. -Much Ado About Nothing
Paul Halpern, Back from the Brink: Lessons from the Canadian Asset-Backed Commercial Paper Crisis|There was something unbearable about the damp, dark earth closing over a coffin and the still, empty flesh that was inside. She had attended a hundred funerals, but when you really loved someone there was something too final about a burial. Something brutal.
Debasish Mridha|When there is destruction, hope for a great creations.
Charlaine Harris, Dead to the World|Aunt Jettie: "yes, i'm wandering the earth seeking revenge on ben & jerry for giving me the fat a$$ and coronary & I give out love advice to the tragically lonely."jane: "Is that an ironic eternal punishment for the lady who died an eighty-one year old spinster." jettie: "single by choice you twirp."jane: "banshee."jettie: "bloodsucker.
I. Alan Appt, The Strength in Knowing|I thought you might appreciate this.....“Excerpt from my lecture Sunday February 22, 2015 at Soul-Esteem Center10 Commandments - God knew when he gave us choice some would make the wrong choices, but God wanted his creation, man, to have free will and felt later it necessary to write the 10 Commandants as a reminder of how God wanted his creations to perform. The 10 Commandants contain 5 positives and five negatives”― I. Alan Appt, The Strength in Knowingtags: motivational, philosophy, psychology, self-helpPeace to all,Alan Appt
Osho|Love is not a relationship, love is a state of being; it has nothing to do with anybody else. One is not "in love", one is love. And of course when one is love, one is in love – but that is an outcome, a by-product, that is not the source. The source is that one is love.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|When we can only be happy for the success of those less fortunate, we are secretly undermining our own success.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whatever you do, put all your soul, your spirit and your strength into it.
Debasish Mridha|I failed many times, but I always found myself stronger and wiser.
Mensah Oteh|You already have great gifts, talents and abilities, but you must find the environment where your potential can be developed and maximised
Ramy El-Mahdy|Your Results will only change when you change your mindset, thinking and actions.
Jillbert Sumbidan|When we challenge ourselves with goals requiring us to stretch beyond previous accomplishments, we become more sensitive to our true potential.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|I was dead, and I hadn't even been able to attend my own funeral.
Deb Caletti, Stay|Most people new to a city on the ocean would probably go to the beach during the day when there are people around. I, on the other hand, decided to try a midnight swim at the somewhat gamy Santa Monica pier, by myself. That is, until a nearby guard kicked me off the beach for my own safety.
John Donne, Complete Poems|This is joy's bonfire, then, where love's strong artsMake of so noble individual partsOne fire of four inflaming eyes, and of two loving hearts.
Slash|For me the best thing about winning an award is when the people cheer for your win. When you can see that the people are really happy that you are winning something, that's the most reward thing in the world.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|One way or another, I think we are all destined to learn the same lessons in life. Universal truths are universal truths. They cannot be changed.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy the magic of life, smile with love.
Aimee Bender, The Particular Sadness of Lemon Cake|What people regard as vanity—leaving great works, having children, acting in such a way as to prevent one's name from being forgotten—I regard as the highest expression of human dignity.
Stephen Elop|I hate the technological rip-offs that pass for music formats these days, and go back to vinyl to hear a good record because the sound is always so much fuller. I don't even like listening to music in the car.
Romeo Miller|There's a lot of women out there, some of whom are my age who've never been married and some who have been married and would like to be married again but think their ship has sailed, and I'm like, 'Oh no, honey, let Miss Niecy show you it is never too late for love!'
Colleen Hoover, Maybe Someday|Many atrocities, have been done in the name of the greater good.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|He was strict and hard and had perfectly clear and definite ideas about duty, where the others were concerned. For oneself one can always find circumstances that alter cases
Lee Iacocca|I’ve always felt that a manager has achieved a great deal when he’s able to motivate one other person. When it comes to making the place run, motivation is everything. You might be able to do the work of two people, but you can’t be two people. Instead, you have to inspire the next guy down the line and get him to inspire his people.
Aimee Bender, The Color Master: Stories|Sometimes you want to cry but the tears deceive you, but at other, you just want to hold the tears but they disobey you.
Tony Blair|In no relationship at the top of any walk of life is it always easy, least of all in politics which matters so much and which is conducted in such a piercing spotlight.
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, Bad Blood|Sometimes, the most dangerous people were the ones you trusted most.
Elle Fanning|I want to speak up and tell you that mascara and clothes don't make you cool, neither do name-brand handbags, but being a leader can.
Akshay Vasu|He sat beside the window in the dark, with his eyes closed. Hearing to the sound of the rain. The whisky in his glass burnt his throat, while the smoke of his cigarette filled his lungs and the fire inside his heart consumed his soul slowly.
Alice McCall, Wellness Wisdom - Inspired by One Woman's Journey with Breast Cancer|Images have enormous power, and images freed from deep within ourselves can change us profoundly.
Toni Sorenson|I don't claim to be the best musician. If being the best means I earn the right to look down on people and critique their accomplishments in defense of my own, I don't ever want to be. People can say what they want about my music being 'banal' and my skill level 'competent,' and it will hurt my feelings (because despite what some believe, I do still have them), but I won't let it determine my self-worth.
James Comey|Data is not information, information is not knowledge, knowledge is not understanding, understanding is not wisdom.
Derek Landy, Skulduggery Pleasant|So they gave me love in form of poison and tiny little pills, programming my emotions, teaching me how to feel. To act correct and talk correct and answer without knowing the question, because that, my dear, is how you get love. Yes that, dear youth, is how you'll be loved. I tried to medicate my own fucked up little mind with chemicals and adrenaline, tasting sweeter every night, shaking louder every time. Sitting wide awake in bed until the world disappears, writing poetry to concentrate on something real while waiting for the love to arrive.I've been looking for it night after night, waiting patiently for it to show up, maybe somewhere in between the state of awake and asleep, alive and not so alive, sober and not so sober.(I lost track of the difference somewhere in between.)
Manasa Rao|Ranting about her being hard to understand? Wait until you lose her. You will clearly understand, what an effortless power a woman has!
Debasish Mridha|As life begins with a tiny little thing, success begins with tiny little steps forward.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Telling our personal story constitutes an act of consciousness that defines the ethical lining of a person’s constitution. Recounting personal stories promotes personal growth, spurs the performance of selfless deeds, and in doing so enhances the ability of the equitable eye of humanity to scroll rearward and forward. Every person must become familiar with our communal history of struggle, loss, redemption, and meaningfully contemplate the meaning behind our personal existence in order to draft a proper and prosperous future for succeeding generations. Accordingly, every person is responsible for sharing their story using the language of thought that best expresses their sanguine reminiscences. Without a record of pastimes, we will never know what were, what we now are, or what we might become by steadfastly and honorably struggling with mortal chores.
George Orwell, Some Thoughts on the Common Toad|The pale, cold light of the winter sunset did not beautify - it was like the light of truth itself. When the smoky clouds hung low in the west and the red sun went down behind them, leaving a pink flush on the snowy roofs and the blue drifts, then the wind sprang up afresh, with a kind of bitter song, as if it said" "This is reality, whether you like it or not. All those frivolities of summer, the light and shadow, the living mask of green that trembled over everything, they were lies, and this is what was underneath. This is the truth." It was as if we were being punished for loving the loveliness of summer.
Moywaywa|slow down, oh sweet tearsflowing nectar...down my lashes' tipssomedaysomeone will kiss you away,even before you can reach my lips.
Andrew Murray, The Master's Indwelling|I see what the joy is; it is the joy of always loving, it is the joy of losing my own life in love to others.
James Perrin, The Occasional Swearing Of Politician Perrin|The great rule of conduct for us, in regard to foreign nations, is, in extending our commercial relations, to have with them as little political connection as possible.
Anne Lamott|The raccoons, foxes, beavers, chinchillas, minks, rabbits, and yes, sometimes even dogs and cats that are killed for fur are not very different from your beloved dog or cat. They all have eyes, ears and hearts. They all experience pain when they are physically maimed. They shake with fear when they experience terror.
Samantha Young, Hero|I know of an ‘older boy’ who stuck to his own path without rotting despite being a Level 0. On that day back then when he spoke with his back turned and protecting me, he clearly surpassed me and my all-too-pathetic Level 5 ability. Your actual skill doesn’t matter. Coolly calculating out all the numbers is pointless. No matter how many arguments you prepare, you have no choice but to accept defeat once he walks in from beyond the horizon. I am very familiar with a Level 0 like that☆
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|I am aware that for decades there has been exploration of options and concrete plans and investments being made to look at life on another planet. We must not stop exploring. At the same time let’s preserve and enhance the life we already have on earth. Join the green revolution, plant trees, stop soil erosion, reduce carbon emissions into the atmosphere and promote recycling of waste. Become aware, create awareness, act responsibly and lead by example.
Augustine of Hippo, The City of God|All these last offices and ceremonies that concern the dead, the careful funeral arrangements, and the equipment of the tomb, and the pomp of obsequies, are rather the solace of the living than the comfort of the dead.
Toni Sorenson|Spring is painted in daffodil yellows, robin egg blues, new grass green and the brightness of hope for a better life.
Traditional folktale ending|Mama always did tell a good story, built a solid background, then deftly lead her engrossed listener through a series of doorways, enticing them in before delivering the coup de grâce.
Homer, The Odyssey|Of all creatures that breathe and move upon the earth, nothing is bred that is weaker than man.
Stephen King, The Stand|Women's lib, Frannie had decided, was nothing more nor less than an outgrowth of the technological society. Women were at the mercy of their bodies. They were smaller. They tended to be weaker. A man couldn't get with child, but a woman could---every four-year-old knows it. And a pregnant woman is a vulnerable human being. Civilization had provided an umbrella of sanity that both sexes could stand beneath.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|We all want to spend eternity with God. We just don't want to spend time with Him. We stand and stare from a distance, satisfied with superficiality. We Facebook more than we seek His face. We text more than we study The Text. And our eyes aren't fixed on Jesus. They're fixed on our iPhones and iPads - emphasis on "i." Then we wonder why God feels so distant. It's because we're hugging the rim. We wonder why we're bored with our faith. It's because we're holding out.We want joy without sacrifice.We want character without suffering.We want success without failure.We want gain without pain.We want a testimony without the test.We want it all without going all out for it.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|In the little chaos of Pearl's character there might be seen emerging-and could have been from the very first-the steadfast principles of an unflinching courage-an uncontrollable will-a sturdy pride which might be disciplined into self-respect-and a bitter scorn of many things, which, when examined, might be found to have the taint of falsehood in them.
Angela Carter, Wise Children|The lovely Hazard girls', they used to call them. Huh. Lovely is as lovely does; if they looked like what they behave like, they'd frighten little children.
Hazel Gaynor, The Cottingley Secret|The professor pointed out how he could drop a keel and a propeller into the water, in case he came down at sea, and after cutting the gas bag loose he'd have a seaworthy boat. He had everything on board for survival at sea, including fancy fishing gear, flares and weather balloons for distress signals, and both shortwave radio equipment and a low-frequency system for round-the-world communications."Boy! This is somethin' right out of Jules Verne...only better, maybe," said Homer.You are right, Mr. Snodgrass," said the professor. "It is ze only way to travel. You don't go so fast, but it beats swimming! Yes? And we have everysing for safety and comfort at sea, if we have to come down. Ze only thing we have to worry about is piranhas. Oh, zey are terrible! Zey will eat everysing in sight!""Piranhas?" Homer gasped. "I thought they were only found in South American Rivers?""Oh?" said the professor. "Do ze piranhas know zat, Mr. Snodgrass?
Gavin Newsom|We use our parents like recurring dreams, to be entered into when needed.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|If you want to teach real religion to the kids, throw away the Bible, the Vedas, the Quran and all the scriptures, and teach them the religion of love.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|So that is marriage, Lily thought, a man and a woman looking at a girl throwing a ball
Rachel Hawkins, Spell Bound|I'm not sure whether you're confident or delusional, but thanks anyway.
Kemi Sogunle|Plants die off when their roots have no water to sustain them. May your tears feed the roots of love in your heart and bring healing to your soul. May God grant you the strength to move on, knowing there's so much ahead of you.
K.A. Tucker, One Tiny Lie|Every second is a forever in Wink. Every day is a cool afternoon waiting to happen. And every life is one lived quietly, with your feet up and your sun-dappled lawn before you as you watch the world happily drift by.
Adam Alter, Irresistible: The Rise of Addictive Technology and the Business of Keeping Us Hooked|Why all this fear and paranoia around Vault 7 and WikiLeaks? Solve the problem by demanding regulation that centers around Security by Design by technology manufactures, problem solved
Eiichirō Oda|Whether we wound or are wounded, the blood that flows is red.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective|Wisdom can be gathered on your downtime. Wisdom that can change the very course of your life will come from the people you are around, the books you read, and the things you listen to or watch on radio or television. Of course, bad information is gathered in your downtime too. Bad information that can change the very course of your life will come from the people you are around, the books you read, and the things you listen to or watch on radio or television. One of wisdom's greatest benefits, is accurate discernment- the learned ability to immediately tell right from wrong. Good from evil. Acceptable from unacceptable. Time well spent from time wasted. The right decision from the wrong decision. And many times this is simply a matter of having the correct perspective. One way to define wisdom is THE ABILITY TO SEE, INTO THE FUTURE, THE CONSEQUENCES OF YOUR CHOICES IN THE PRESENT. That ability can give you a completely different perspective on what the future might look like... with a degree of intelligence and a hint of wisdom, most people can tell the difference between good and bad. However, it takes a truly wise person to discern the oh-so-thin line between good and best. And that line...[gives you the] perspective that allows you to see clearly the long-term consequences of your choices. 
Steven Wright|The sign said "eight items or less". So I changed my name to Les.
John F. Kennedy|We, all of us, are what happens when a primordial mixture of hydrogen and helium evolves for so long that it begins to ask where it came from.
Shunryu Suzuki, Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind: Informal Talks on Zen Meditation and Practice|When we say something, our subjective intention or situation is always involved. So there is no perfect word; some distortion is always present in a statement.
Amber Jaeger, The Cold King|The best don’t stick around when you treat them poorly, only the desperate do.
Terry Pratchett|The difference between a rich man and a poor man is that; a rich man only thinks of how to spend money while a poor man, thinks of how to make money”.
Shane L. Koyczan, Remembrance Year|Remember how we forgot?Once upon a time, we were youngOur dreams hung like applesWaiting to be picked and peeledAnd hope was something needing to be reeled-inSo we can fill the always empty big fish bin with the one that got awayAnd proudly say that "this time, impossible is not an option"Because success is so akin to effort and opportunity they could be relatedSo we took chancesWe figure skated on thin iceBelieved that each slice of life was served with something sweet on the sideAnd failure was never nearly as important as the fact that we triedThat in the war against frailty and limitationWe supplied the determination it takes to make ideas and goals the parents of PossibilityAnd we believe ourselves to be members of this familyNot just one branch on one treeBut a forest whose roots make up a dynasty
E. Nesbit, Five Children and It|Trying not to believe things when in your heart you are almost sure they are true, is as bad for the temper as anything I know.
Lisa Bedrick, Poems about Nature, Grief and Childhood|When someone close to you dies, you feel like you might die too. It takes some of the life out of you for a time.
Primo Levi, Survival in Auschwitz|...In our days many men have lived in this cruel manner, crushed against the bottom, but each for a relatively short period; so that we can perhaps ask ourselves if it is necessary or good to retain any memory of this exceptional human state. To this question we feel that we have to reply in the affirmative. We are in fact convinced that no human experience is without meaning or unworthy of analysis, and that fundamental values, even if they are not positive, can be deduced from this particular world which we are describing…
George Orwell, 1984|In the era of security clearances, to be an Irish Catholic became prima facie evidence of loyalty. Harvard men were to be checked; Fordham men would do the checking.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|A godly person—one who serves Christ and exhibits purity and integrity in his life—is not necessarily welcomed or admired by those who live differently. They may even react in scorn, or refuse to include a christian in their social gatherings because his very presence is a rebuke to them.
Lolly|Once you know what you want, narrow the options, make your choices, and go for it. But until you do, embrace not knowing.
Ian B.G. Burns|There was just enough room for the tonga to get through among the bullock-carts, rickshaws, cycles and pedestrians who thronged both the road and the pavement--which they shared with barbers plying their trade out of doors, fortune-tellers, flimsy tea-stalls, vegetable-stands, monkey-trainers, ear-cleaners, pickpockets, stray cattle, the odd sleepy policeman sauntering along in faded khaki, sweat-soaked men carrying impossible loads of copper, steel rods, glass or scrap paper on their backs as they yelled 'Look out! Look out!' in voices that somehow pierced though the din, shops of brassware and cloth (the owners attempting with shouts and gestures to entice uncertain shoppers in), the small carved stone entrance of the Tinny Tots (English Medium) School which opened out onto the courtyard of the reconverted haveli of a bankrupt aristocrat, and beggars--young and old, aggressive and meek, leprous, maimed or blinded--who would quietly invade Nabiganj as evening fell, attempting to avoid the police as they worked the queues in front of the cinema-halls. Crows cawed, small boys in rags rushed around on errands (one balancing six small dirty glasses of tea on a cheap tin tray as he weaved through the crowd) monkeys chattered in and bounded about a great shivering-leafed pipal tree and tried to raid unwary customers as they left the well-guarded fruit-stand, women shuffled along in anonymous burqas or bright saris, with or without their menfolk, a few students from the university lounging around a chaat-stand shouted at each other from a foot away either out of habit or in order to be heard, mangy dogs snapped and were kicked, skeletal cats mewed and were stoned, and flies settled everywhere: on heaps of foetid, rotting rubbish, on the uncovered sweets at the sweetseller's in whose huge curved pans of ghee sizzled delicioius jalebis, on the faces of the sari-clad but not the burqa-clad women, and on the horse's nostrils as he shook his blinkered head and tried to forge his way through Old Brahmpur in the direction of the Barsaat Mahal.
Derric Yuh Ndim|As someone said, inthe School of Hard Knocks they give the test first, then thelesson. That is a slow, costly and surely painful way to learn.Unfortunately, it’s the only “school” that teaches many thingsyou need to know.
Rakul Preet Singh|Progressive art can assist people to learn not only about the objective forces at work in the society in which they live, but also about the intensely social character of their interior lives. Ultimately, it can propel people toward social emancipation.
Abraham Flexner|We must not overlook the role that extremists play. They are the gadflies that keep society from being too complacent or self-satisfied; they are, if sound, the spearhead of progress. If they are fundamentally wrong, free discussion will in time put an end to them.
Robin Bielman, Take a Risk Bundle|I must have a screw loose," she muttered under her breath. Satisfied the counter was clean, she squatted down and put the cleaning supplies away in the cabinet beneath the register. "Yup. There's definitely something wrong with me."	"Are you looking for confirmation on that?" Jordan's heart hitched in her chest as Gavin's familiar baritone filled the shop. "Or am I supposed to argue with you?
Lailah Gifty Akita|If seek the light of knowledge of God, we know how to live.
Edward Averett, Cameron and the Girls|Well, what's reality, then? Is it what I think or what other people think?
Bobbi Brown, Bobbi Brown Beauty Rules: Fabulous Looks, Beauty Essentials, and Life Lessons|When we feel that all eyes are upon on us, it is often difficultto take chances in expressing our individuality.
Fredrik Backman, A Man Called Ove|She just smiled, said that she loved books more than anything, and started telling him excitedly what each of the ones in her lap was about. And Ove realised that he wanted to hear her talking about the things she loved for the rest of his life.
Hristo Botev|How should they know? I can't revealto a single friend what my soul conceals,whom I'm in love with or what I believe -my dreams, my thoughts - or why I grieve.
Bilal Chaudhry|Mothers are irreplaceable treasure, you can always have a step-mother but never in life can you ever have another mother”.
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|In her mind the U.S. was nothing more and nothing less than a país overrun by gangsters, putas, and no-accounts. Its cities swarmed with machines and industry, as thick with sinvergüencería as Santo Domingo was with heat, a cuco shod in iron, exhaling fumes, with the glittering promise of coin deep in the cold lightless shaft of its eyes.
Prerak Trivedi|Don't care about *new* mistakes you are going to make, take care that you don't just repeat older ones.
Anthony T. Hincks|When the sea reaches the sky, then we shall all become one.
Dean Koontz, Odd Apocalypse|A well lived life means weathering a few storms. Our lessons don't come from sunny days on the beach, they come from copping a few waves on the head.
Tina Fey|My wife and I got engaged in New Hampshire at this lake house that her family's had forever, and it's on Lake Winnipesaukee. And so we went there every summer as we were dating.
Milana Jacks, Sweet Dirty Wolf|Such is the force of love at first sight. Your sense go dormant for a while, and all that remains active is a rushing organ in the chest---assuming charge of your entire being.
Toni Sorenson|When we are needy Christ does His best work, but be warned. Someone, maybe even some well-meaning soul, is going to tell you, “Don’t worry. God will never give you more than you can handle.”I double-dog-dare you to find that in the scriptures. The closest you can come is found in 1 Corinthians 10:13: “There hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man: but God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that ye may be able to bear it.”This talks about an escape from temptation; it does not say that you will not be faced with more than you can handle. The mother whose baby is born and dies, the father who loses his eyesight in a construction accident and can no longer provide for his family, the child who hurries home from school every day hoping that his mother hasn’t yet succumbed to the cancer that he sees ravish her body day by day . . . all of these souls have more than they can handle—on their own.But with Christ as their companion on the journey through life—and only with Christ—all things are possible. Without Him, we fail no matter how far we manage on our own. We can never cross over without Christ and His all-access Atonement.
Ehsan Sehgal|Now the soft-voiced gentle woman of my reverent worship has all but vanished, in her place has come the woman who thinks that her chief success in life lies in making herself as much as possible like man—in dress, voice and actions, in sports and achievements of every kind.
Roger Stone|I think, as I've gotten older I have realized what a huge privilege it is to even be in this business. I, more than ever, love what I do.
Sandy Fussell, Shaolin Tiger|A comment that starts with the words "I think" usually means the opposite.
Markiplier|Life is hard,Should you be too?
Louis B. Rosenberg|Give your child quality time. If you're going to be with him for two hours, then disconnect from absolutely everything. Look at him in the eyes - get to know your baby. Sitting there as you watch TV is not quality time to me.
Mark Twain, The Autobiography of Mark Twain|The easy confidence with which I know another man's religion is folly teaches me to suspect that my own is also. I would not interfere with any one's religion, either to strengthen it or to weaken it. I am not able to believe one's religion can affect his hereafter one way or the other, no matter what that religion may be. But it may easily be a great comfort to him in this life--hence it is a valuable possession to him.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Jesus was a man of love, of immense compassion. He loved this earth, the people, the threes, because that is the way to love God. God is life. Jesus is very life-affirmative. He says total yes to life. When you look into the eyes of each being that you meet, you meet God. Everybody is an incarnation of God - the threes, the flowers, the rocks, the animals, the people and the mountains. Love the people, love the threes, love the animals - and through the love you meet God. All are brothers here, because God is one. The threes, the flowers, the birds and the rocks are all your brothers, because they all come from the one source. if you are not reconciled with the world, you cannot pray to God. Prayer is only possible when you are in harmony with existence. The whole existence is your brother. The first step for prayer is to be reconciled with your brother. And your brother means all beings. Jesus is a celebration of being, a celebration of life. If you deny life, you deny God. If you say no to life, you say no to God, because God is life. To understand Jesus, you have to understand that life is God. If you say yes to life, you will feel a prayer arising in your heart, a yes arising in your being. The ego is a no to life, the ego is a separation from life. The inner being is a yes to life. The inner being is a deep yes and acceptance of life. Saying yes bridges you with the whole. It makes you a part of the whole. Saying yes will make you more and more spiritual. Jesus whole message is yes. The word "amen" means yes. You will never meet God, you will meet human beings, animals, stones and threes. You can love God through other human beings, through threes, through stones and through animals. And when you have learnt to love God through all his forms - then only love changes into prayer.
Válgame, Zori 2ª Parte|Good and evil keep happening in this world. It just takes a little longer for us to take the bad in our stride. And just when we think we've come to terms with bad, we're shocked to be haunted by that one query whose answer is ever as elusive - why on earth did it have to happen to me ?
Ama H. Vanniarachchy|I was asked, ‘When is the next book release, it’s been over a year since the last book release, have you given up writing?” Again a senseless question by a Sri Lankan journalist. Does it mean that being a writer means you have to release a book every month? Do they count a writer’s success by the quantity of books or the quality of the work? I am concerned about the quality of work, not the quantity of books that I release. One can publish hundreds of books within a couple of years today as technology is advance and cheap, but keeping the quality of the work is something you cannot depend of technology and money. It is the quality of thinking of the writer which should reflect through their work. I have been in the field for almost 2 and a half years, learnt a lot through trial and error, learn through my mistakes. I am no longer bothered about the number of books I write, how much I spend or how much I earn, my only focus is to do something quality which will last long, even after I am gone, something that will touch the soul of the readers. Will these journalists understand a soul of an artist? In this big dirty game of ‘media mafia’, ‘artists’ are only marketing ideas.
Howard Carter, Tomb of Tutankhamen|...as my eyes grew accustomed to the light, details of the room within emerged slowly from the mist, strange animals, statues, and gold - everywhere the glint of gold. For the moment - an eternity it must have seemed to the others standing by - I was struck dumb with amazement, and when Lord Carnarvon, unable to stand the suspense any longer, inquired anxiously, 'Can you see anything?' it was all I could do to get out the words, 'Yes, wonderful things.
Henri-Frédéric Amiel, Amiel's Journal|The most dangerous enemy of truth and freedom among us is the compact majority. Yes, the damned, compact, liberal majority...
Jessica Warman, Breathless|I'm not mean, I'm honest. Nobody is ever straightforward. But sometimes people need to hear the truth.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|People can be at their most vulnerable, but still tenacious at the same time.
Colleen Boyd, Swamp Angel|I love you because you have this fire in you that you don't even recognise, but I do. You're strong and you're a survivor.
Jane Goodall|You can always tell gifted and highly intelligent people as they always turn to the past. Any young person who knows anything that happened before 1980, or 1990, or 2000 for that matter, is immediately someone who is intelligent, probably creative, maybe a writer. Nobody who is drawn to the past and learning about the past is not gifted.
Karen Gammons|Dorian sat quietly for a moment and then said, “We all straddle the abyss, Penny. If you never look down, how will you ever know who you are or what you will become? Your dad could never be ashamed of you, because falling in that abyss is part of the process of growing up.
Poe Ballantine|My campaign is about getting pets to be more active, and exercise with your animal is a great way for people to exercise. When you're out with your pet, it becomes fun. You don't think of it as a chore. For me, taking my dog out for a walk is very relaxing.
Tom  Doig, Moron to Moron: Two Men, Two Bikes, One Mongolian Misadventure|I am the Richest man on earth because I am the Happiest man on earth. After all, isn’t Happiness the Greatest Wealth in Life? - RVM.
Lucy H. Pearce, Burning Woman|Those in the System, would like us to share their belief that all the changes [we are witnessing] are not connected: they are simply anomalies, isolated symptoms to be treated or preferably ignored, before the all-powerful Western capitalist patriarchal model goes on to ever greater heights and grander ejaculations. Most are numb to it, caught in fear, denial or resistance.But we, Burning Woman, know this process intimately. Amongst Burning Women and Men, there is a fierce, quiet knowing that these are both the death pangs of the old, and the birthing pangs of the new.
Scott Adams, How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big: Kind of the Story of My Life|There has been much talk about the alleged exploitation of the debtor nations by the creditor nations. But if the concept of exploitation is to be applied to these relations, it is rather an exploitation of the investing by the receiving nations. These loans and investments were not intended as gifts. The loans were made upon solemn stipulation of payment of principal and interest. The investments were made in the expectation that property rights would be respected. With the exception of the bulk of the investments made in the United States, in some of the British dominions, and in some smaller countries, these expectations have been disappointed. Bonds have been defaulted or will be in the next few years. Direct investments have been confiscated or soon will be. The capital-exporting countries can do nothing but wipe off their balances.
Dean Koontz, Innocence|Words are the wellspring of the world, and language is the most powerful weapon in the ancient and still unfolding war between truth and lies.
Richelle E. Goodrich|The more varied the environments in which you exercise your leadership gift, the stronger that gift will become. You will become a far more effective leader.
Jeanne Achterberg|When you’re here, an i in the Ocean, you’re no longer waiting for something to happen or to change. When you’re here you have what you seek. Your heart opens to the gift you receive, that you are.
Sierra D. Waters, Debbie.|It is not a single crime when a child is photographed while sexually assaulted (raped.) It is a life time crime that should have life time punishments attached to it. If the surviving child is, more often than not, going to suffer for life for the crime(s) committed against them, shouldn't the pedophiles suffer just as long? If it often takes decades for survivors to come to terms with exactly how much damage was caused to them, why are there time limits for prosecution?
Scott Douglas|During the day, the library is a realm of order.
Augustine of Hippo|The world is a book, and those who don't travel only read one page.
David Levithan, Boy Meets Boy|I find myself thinking back to something I saw on the local news about a year ago. A teen football player had died in a car accident. The cameras showed all his friends after the funeral—these big hulking guys, all in tears, saying, “I loved him. We all loved him so much.” I started crying, too, and I wondered if these guys had told the football player they loved him while he was alive, or whether it was only with death that this strange word, love, could be used. I vowed then and there that I would never hesitate to speak up to the people I loved. They deserved to know they gave meaning to my life. They deserved to know I thought the world of them.
Bill Owens|Enable every woman who can work to take her place on the labour front, under the principle of equal pay for equal work.
Evy Michaels|I'm surrounded by men substituting presence for paper and powerFemales whose foundation is filtering their flaws for fameChildren teared up by more issues than tissues to on tear upLeaders promising yester year promises whilst subjects smoke lies like crackHusbands not ashamed to break their own rib giving dogs a good run for that boneFiends disguised as friends with loyalty as strong as spaghettiFamilies turned into factories, do as you're told, cave into the mold, become like the rest pf the foldSociety nonchalant, busy growing a beard, blind to it's beastly reality
Mensah Oteh|The abundant life doesn’t happen by accident. It is the result of doing specific things purposefully every day and it requires an investment of time, energy and effort.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you read proverbs, you will find answers to every puzzle.
Orson Scott Card, Children of the Mind|[No single] explanation will ever contain the final answer for all time, for all hearers. There is always, ALWAYS more to learn.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|Photos’re better than nothing, but things’re better than photos ’cause the things themselves were part of what was there.
Gwendoline Riley|It's all about vanity, isn't it? I think it says something about people if they can't do it
Stephen Richards|None of us is born a genius, it self-ignites within us.
Ted Rubin|LESS fabrication, MORE facilitation
