Arthur Conan Doyle, A Scandal in Bohemia|By the way, Doctor, I shall want your cooperation.''I shall be delighted.''You don't mind breaking the law?''Not in the least.''Nor running a chance of arrest?''Not in a good cause.''Oh, the cause is excellent!''Then I am your man.''I was sure that I might rely on you.
Archelle Georgiou|When it comes to our most precious commodity, our own health, many of us are like sheep following whatever our doctors and insurance companies and other medical care providers tell us to do and not to do.about our health.
Orlando Figes, Just Send Me Word: A True Story of Love and Survival in the Gulag|If we'd never met, I think I would have known my life wasn't complete. And I would have wandered the world in search of you, even if I didn't know who I was looking for
Bud Macfarlane Jr., Conceived Without Sin|It did matter to get out of bed. There were webs to weave. Strings to grasp. Packages to deliver. Conversations to start. Thoughts to be expressed. Sams to slam into. Oceans to swim. And sad little men hiding in electrical sockets, waiting to be born of the human imagination.
Anthony Ravenscroft|We are raised to believe (on the surface, at least) that us humans only have so much love to give, and that it comes in a standard round unit: one. After all, we associate love with the heart, and, well, you've either got a whole heart, or you're dead, period. You can't, common wisdom goes, just run around dividing that one heart up freely; to claim to do so means that you're either a fool, or you're dividing up something that is dead.
Jim Corbett, The Man-Eating Leopard of Rudraprayag|You want to go back, and so you hold on to the habits you learned while you were traveling, because it's better than admitting the journey's over.
James Sallis, Black Hornet|Mostly what you lose with time, in memory, is the specificity of things, their exact sequence. It all runs together, becomes a watery soup. Portmanteau days, imploded years. Like a bad actor, memory always goes for effect, abjuring motivation, consistency, good sense. 
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Service [sur-vis] noun1.	 the act of helping, aiding, or doing work for another.“Does this dictionary definition sound simplistic? Well, it is foundational to delivering world-class, game-changing service. Did you notice it didn’t mention you? True service takes the focus completely off you and devotes it entirely to the needs of another person.
Adriaan Kortlandt|Once I saw a chimpanzee gaze at a particularly beautiful sunset for a full 15 minutes, watching the changing colors [and then] retire to the forest without picking a pawpaw for supper.
Steve Erickson, American Nomad: Restless Politics in a Secret Country|When L.A.’s schizophrenia between Dreamland and Utopia was becoming socially manifest, the United States, which was always a place, went to war with America, which was always an idea.
Sheila Walsh|...I believe that doubts, honestly expressed and wrestled with, produce a faith that is stronger and more intimate than doubts suppressed under the veneer of faith.
Michael Ende, The Neverending Story|You opposed fascism, then you ditched communism.'No, I didn’t. Communism ditched me by turning into Stalinism'.
Debasish Mridha|The more difficult a problem is, the more discoveries you make in the process of resolving it.
Robert Frost|Ah, when to the heart of man Was it ever less than a treason To go with the drift of things, To yield with a grace to reason, And bow and accept the end Of a love or a season?
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|To celebrate someone else’s life, we need to find a way to look at it straight on, not from above with judgment or from below with envy.
Daniel Patrick Moynihan|The amount of violations of human rights in a country is always an inverse function of the amount of complaints about human rights violations heard from there. The greater the number of complaints being aired, the better protected are human rights in that country.
Mina Marial Nicoli, The Magic of Avalon Eyrelin|They all looked at her with tears in their eyes and gratitude on their faces, for she had made them see that they should not fight each other, but that family is the one thing that was worth fighting for.
Jeff Lemire, Sweet Tooth, Volume 1: Out of the Deep Woods|He was responsible for administering an army that lacked time-tested procedures and routinized policies, so every decision became an improvisational act.
Elizabeth E. Castillo|Screw you, I don't hate you I just don't find any good reason to like you.
Jonathan Maberry, Rot & Ruin|They won the war but lost the peace,
Ashley Ormon|In life we always have some measure of control whether it be over our emotions or choices, but when it comes to cancer? The only thing you can control is how you respond to it
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|If you can cope the pride when winning,then you can confront despair when lose.
Michael Herr, Dispatches|Take the glamour out of war! I mean, how the bloody hell can you do _that_? Go and take the glamour out of a Huey, go take the glamour out of a Sheridan...Can _you_ take the glamour out of a Cobra, or getting stoned at China Beach? It's like taking the glamour out of an M-79, taking the glamour out of Flynn." He pointed to a picture he'd taken, Flynn laughing maniacally ("We're winning," he'd said), triumphantly. "Nothing the matter with _that_ boy, is there? Would you let your daughter marry that man? Ohhhh, war is _good_ for you, you can't take the glamour out of that. It's like trying to take the glamour out of sex, trying to take the glamour out of the Rolling Stones." He was really speechless, working his hands up and down to emphasize the sheer insanity of it."I mean, you _know_ that it just _can't be done!_" We both shrugged and laughed, and Page looked very thoughtful for a moment. "The very _idea!_" he said. "Ohhh, what a laugh! Take the bloody _glamour_ out of bloody _war!
Maurice Flanagan|Some are born leaders, some achieve leadership, and some have leadership thrust upon them. Which of these are you, or would you rather not bother?
Murray Shanahan|What then am I? In the end, all we have is simply what we find, and what we can usefully say to each other about what we find is all that needs to be said. And perhaps, in the end, it's best just to sit quietly and let go of that thought too.
William Stringfellow|Don't be afraid. There is no more to fear. Do not fear rejection. If you fear rejection by another you do not love the other, though you may profess it. You are only being anxious for his love of you. The free man does not seek the love of others, nor fear that his love will be rejected, for rejection - as is known from the night Christ was betrayed - does not destroy love, and it does not destroy the one who loves. Don't be afraid, you are not alone.
Robert Browning|A concerted effort to preserve our heritage is a vital link to our cultural, educational, aesthetic, inspirational, and economic legacies - all of the things that quite literally make us who we are.
Gerald L. Sittser, A Grace Disguised: How the Soul Grows through Loss|I see now that my faith was becoming an ally rather than an enemy because I could vent anger freely, even toward God, without fearing retribution.
Carl Safina, Beyond Words: What Animals Think and Feel|Just like it is so important to understand the difference in thinking and feeling to increase our Emotional Intelligence, it is important to take the time to understand the difference in emotional feelings and gut feelings to further increase our intelligence and facility of intuition that we call Intuitional Intelligence.
Jade Onyx, Prison Break: A Hispanic & Latino BDSM Erotic Romance|1150 AD, the north of EnglandMelina avoided the eyes of her bodyguard. It was something she was becoming adept at, since her father had brought him into the household and given him the task of keeping watch over her all day, every day, and sleeping across the threshold to her chamber every night. But it was no use. Even with her head turned she could feel his dark eyes upon her.Deep dark pools that drew her into their depths, making her skin burn and her heart flutter. The one and only time she’d made the mistake of gazing into those eyes she’d paid the price, losing her wits entirely for several heartbeats. The man was handsome in a rugged way, his body hard and strong like a warrior’s should be, but it was more than that.There was something . . . Was it the look of him, the scent of him, the taste of him? Not that she’d touched his skin with her tongue yet, but she’d thought about it. At night, in her chamber, in her luxurious bed with its furs and curtains, all alone with him outside her door. Oh yes, Melina had the makings of a sensual woman and that was the trouble.
James Comey|I'm conflicted about the lyric tattoo thing. I feel like that's a lifetime decision, and I always feel like, 'I hope you don't regret this a couple years from now when you get tired of that song.'
Will Smith|For me, California is all about rest, relaxation, space.
Anne McCaffrey|speak hard, steal the air.
Lilly Singh|It's hard because I think I fall into this in-between space where there's something that's innately feminine about me, and there's also something that's kind of androgynous. I carry myself somewhere in between, and I think my music lends itself to that as well.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|We've all met people who are beautiful on the outside, however, when they open their mouths to speak, they have nothing of substance to contribute.
Ngina Otiende, Blues to Bliss: Creating Your Happily-Ever-After In The Early Years|God is more interested in restoring our hearts to Him, than giving us a happy marriage.
Rich Hoffman|This is unbelievable,” James said. “I mean, you guys are out here planning to build an armored car out of my dad’s old, and I mean old, car. Mom is in the house making cookies like this is just an everyday occurrence. Once this starts, you guys probably won’t live through it, and nobody is acting like it’s a big deal. I don’t know that I’m comfortable with my parents preparing for their funeral.” “Everyone has to die of something, son,” Rick said. James looked stunned. “So you are thinking about that as a possibility? Then why go to all the trouble of putting armor on the car and putting in that big engine?” “Because I have to get back to the starting point, which in this case is the Deal’s Gap,” Rick answered. “And the car won’t make it if I don’t make modifications.” “Once they figure out what you’re doing and where you’re going, they’ll ambush you. You won’t be able to get out of it. They’ll gun you and Mom down in cold blood.” James was trying to hide the emotion from his face.
William Cowper|Beware, so long as you live, of judging men by their outward appearance.
Hajime Isayama|The world is merciless, and it's also very beautiful.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Don't trust people whose feelings change with time... Trust people whose feelings remain the same, even when the time changes.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|In the pursuit of dreams, we all have different beginnings. Your past is not negotiable. You must let go of the hope for a better past.
John Forsythe|But after this natural burst of indignation, no man of sense, courage, or prudence will waste his time or his strength in retrospective reproaches or repinings.
Mirella Muffarotto, Soccer Sweetheart|You two are bound to one another. You always have been … and you can't run away from what you are. No matter where you go, your feelings for her are going to follow you.
Shunryu Suzuki, Not Always So: Practicing the True Spirit of Zen|One time Marian showed me some sand. When she gave it to me, she said, "These are very interesting stones." It just looked like sand, but she asked me to took through a magnifying glass. Then those small stones were as interesting as the stones I have in my office. The stones in my office are bigger, but under the glass the sand was quite similar.If you say, "This is a rock from the moon", you will be very much interested in it. Actually I don't think there is a great difference between rocks we have on the earth and those on the moon. Even if you go to Mars, I think you will find the same rocks.I am quite sure about it.So if you want to find something interesting, instead of hopping around the universe like this, enjoy your life in every moment, observe what you have now, and truly live in your surroundings.
Joseph E. Ledoux|Many people suffer alone and in silence because they are scared or ashamed. They feel weak…or pitiful. How can a person be incapable of having joy? “Why can’t I just have a good time? Why can’t I get on with it?” And for those in the spotlight who live under the microscope of public scrutiny fear being discovered, ridiculed, and shunned should their illness be discovered. So they wear a mask for the public, and sometimes even for themselves.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|His immense self-pity, his demand for sympathy poured and spread itself in pools at their feet, and all she did, miserable sinner that she was, was to draw her skirts a little closer round her ankles, lest she should get wet.
J.M.  Richards, Tall, Dark Streak of Lightning|The easiest way to get rid of bitterness is to spit it out. The easiest way to forget something noxious is to flush it. The easiest way to move on is to erase everything, and I do mean everything.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Be consistent in your dedication to showing your gratitude to others. Gratitude is a fuel, a medicine, and spiritual and emotional nourishment.
Kelly Batten, One Day You'll Find Me|Who was that?” Layetta asked.“Nobody.”“You can’t take a phone call from nobody. That meansthere is no one on the other end of the phone, meaning no phone call. So. Who was it?” I asked.
Theodore Dalrymple|Demonstrative proof is lacking, but if we thought only about those things about which such proof were available, our minds would be empty most of the time.
Richard Diaz, Illness Defined; The Theorem|If you can't tolerate the truth, never ask me a question.
Courtney Giardina, Behind the Strings|Whatever you do in life will be insignificant, but it's very important that you do it. Because nobody else will.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Omnibus|He stood up straight and looked the world squarely in the fields and hills. To add weight to his words he stuck the rabbit bone in his hair. He spread his arm out wide. "I will go mad!" he annouced.
Michael J. Fox, Always Looking Up: The Adventures of an Incurable Optimist|Listening to people espouse beliefs different from mine is informative, not threatening, because the only thing that can alter my worldview is a new and undeniable truth, and contrary to what Jack Nicholson says in 'A Few Good Men', "I CAN handle the truth.
Tia Williams, The Perfect Find|People search in vain forever to find what we've got. I don't know shit about anything, Jenna, and I might be inexperienced, but I know you'll never love anyone like you love me.''I won't she,' she whispered.'And yet you can leave me so easily for a baby you don't have and a husband you've never met. I'm here, I'm real, and I just lost to a goddamn fantasy. I must've never really had you at all.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|The next visit I paid to Nancy Brown was in the second week in March: for, though I had many spare minutes during the day, I seldom could look upon an hour as entirely my own; since, when everything was left to the caprices of Miss Matilda and her sister, there could be no order or regularity. Whatever occupation I chose, when not actually busied about them or their concerns, I had, as it were, to keep my loins girded, my shoes on my feet, and my staff in my hand; for not to be immediately forthcoming when called for, was regarded as a grave and inexcusable offence: not only by my pupils and their mother, but by the very servant, who came in breathless haste to call me, exclaiming 'You're to go to the school-room directly, mum- the young ladies is WAITING!!' Climax of horror! actually waiting for their governess!!!
David Wolfe, Longevity Now: A Comprehensive Approach to Healthy Hormones, Detoxification, Super Immunity, Reversing Calcification, and Total Rejuvenation|Your immune systems are comprised of all parts of the eco-system you know as yourself, and include not only every part of you, from your conscious and subconscious thoughts to your physical body systems, but also how you live and function in relationship with the larger ecosystems that surround you.
sunny-drunk|It is not enough for the Jew to rest content with his own spiritual ascent, the elevation of his soul in closeness to G-d, he must strive to draw spirituality down into the world and into every part of it – the world of his work and his social life – until not only do they not distract him from his pursuit of G-d, but they become a full part of it.
Matthew Salesses, The Hundred-Year Flood|The vast majority of you are going to close this tab without, even for a single moment, entertaining the thought of writing something. Step outside your comfort zone and try something new. Learning the fine rationalist art of CoZE (comfort zone expansion) is a really important life skill, and putting your writing online is a low-risk way to do that. Don't try to cop out with "I don't have any stories." Baloney. Everyone has stories; write up a memory that's important to you. And don't even try to tell me, "Oh, but I don't know how to write!" Neither did I when I started; I learned by doing. So please, set the excuses aside, put something up on the web, and share it with the rest of us. When you do, drop me a PM; I'll leave you your first review, but you have to publish something first. Well? What are you waiting for? Seriously. Go write one sentence of a new story, write now.
Lionel Shriver|But keeping secrets is a discipline. I never use to think of myself as a good liar, but after having had some practice I had adopted the prevaricator's credo that one doesn't so much fabricate a lie as marry it. A successful lie cannot be brought into this world and capriciously abandoned; like any committed relationship it must be maintained, and with far more devotion than the truth, which carries on being carelessly true without any help. By contrast, my lie needed me as much as I needed it, and so demanded the constancy of wedlock: Till death do us part.
Elizabeth Taylor|My father always wanted to be the corpse at every funeral, the bride at every wedding and the baby at every christening.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|When one wants to be famous, one has to dive gracefully into rivers of the blood of cannon-blasted bodies.
Voltaire|Since many of you do not belong to the Catholic Church and others are non-believers, from the bottom of my heart I give this silent blessing to each and every one of you, respecting the conscience of each one of you but knowing that each one of you is a child of God.
Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery|If you ignore what a man desires, and you deny the very source of his power.
Rosanna Leo, Up In Flames|God Lord, give me strength. Please keep the local firefighters away from me. Keep me out of the path of hardened abs and tall men in uniform, for they are bastards, one and all. Amen
Euginia Herlihy|The mind has the Propensity to Excel along the Path of least resistance thereby ostracising other equally important "concepts" It is this lack of restrictions of the mind that separates our intellectually aptitude
Simone de Beauvoir, A Very Easy Death|The misfortune is that although everyone must come to [death], each experiences the adventure in solitude. We never left Maman during those last days... and yet we were profoundly separated from her.
Lauren Handel Zander, Maybe It's You: Cut the Crap. Face Your Fears. Love Your Life.|So although there is no phoenix here, there is, nonetheless, a fierce, stubborn, wildly insightful, arrogantly honest, crazily committed, and caring human, who will take the heat, the brunt of whatever silver spoon joke you may have, so I can help you have everything you want in your life. And I mean everything.
Rana Suhaib|Speed doesn't matter, Concentration matters.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Many of those who are humiliated are not humble. Some react to humiliation with anger, others with patience, and others with freedom. The first are culpable, the next harmless, the last just.
Katherine J Walden|Life never ceases having a meaning for a humble person. The freedom of choice, the sovereignty that we hold over our own souls, enables a person to discover the meaning of his or her own life every day, even in suffering or death.
Brett West|Did you know that in 2009, more chemicals caused by chemicals than motor vehicle accidents? Are you surprised? This is the real fact according to the Center for Disease Control and Preventon (Centers for Disease Control and Prevention). This is the reality we face today
Arthur C. Clarke, Imperial Earth|For so long considered a second-rate category to other writing genres, Science Fiction should be allotted its true place in literature. The reason Science Fiction is so important is because SF authors create the future. They bring through ideas, technology, and new thought, put it all down in written and spoken word, and then send it out into mass consciousness. When enough people (a critical mass) think about and truly consider the plausibility of a concept, it becomes reality. Think William Gibson, who in 1982's "Burning Chrome" coined "cyberspace". Few grasped the concept at the time, but as the internet took hold in the 1990's, we not only had a word to describe our experience, we had a definition and an understanding, as well. Coincidence?
Teresa of Ávila|At the end of the day, that's what a family is - a group of different people who accept each other.
Slavoj Žižek, The Puppet and the Dwarf: The Perverse Core of Christianity|So when the ruling ideology enjoins us to enjoy sex, not to feel guilty about it, since we are not bound by any prohibitions whose violations should make us feel guilty, the price we pay for this absence of guilt is anxiety.
Sunday Adelaja|Jesus expect miracles to run after you, He does not expect you to run after miracles.
Linda Morris, By Hook or By Crook|Tell me something, princess, if I make a liar out of you…will you forgive me?” Hex James, Hex upon Me
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|When I carried the world entire upon my shoulders, so much of me was painfully dedicated to "fixing" myself, till finally I invited Christ into my Life and discovered that I had never been "broken" at all. EVERYTHING I thought was lacking in myself He had long ago made Whole.
Haruki Murakami|It had been said that the marathon doesn't really begin until mile twenty. I say mile twenty-six would be more appropriate. The final two-tenths of a mile is filled with emotion. No matter how desperately you're struggling at this point, thoughts typically drift away from the immediate task at hand (ie, survival) to broader feelings.
Reverend Jen, Live Nude Elf|take your best orgasm, multiply the feeling by twenty, and you're still fuckin miles off the pace
Adam S. McHugh, Introverts in the Church: Finding Our Place in an Extroverted Culture|God has always been about the business of shattering expectations, and in our culture, the standards of leadership are extroverted. It perfectly follows the biblical trend that God would choose the unexpected and the culturally "unfit" - like introverts - to lead his church for the sake of greater glory.
Sunday Adelaja|Can you see the pictures before you on how to intervene on behalf of the oppressed? Are you thinking of what to do to the disenfranchised of your society? Do you notice the abused of your society? Can you see the afflicted that are crying for that justice every day? What of those who are been maltreated on daily basis, do you think they need that justice? Did you see any of those who are downtrodden, would that justice help them? Anyone oppressed and suppressed around you, can you serve them justice?
John de Mol, Jr.|In the scope of a happy life, a messy desk or an overstuffed coat closet is a trivial thing, yet I find - and I hear from other people that they agree - that getting rid of clutter gives a disproportionate boost to happiness.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Well, at the risk of sounding a bit harsh…I think we can safely say that your recent successes could have just as easily been achieved by a mute monkey in a tiny business suit, holding up a written explanation of whatever it was the monkey was attempting to sell
Ayn Rand|I like being a woman, even in a man's world. After all, men can't wear dresses, but we can wear the pants.
Julianna Scott|Oh love how can we not be together?' Romeo cried. "Without the sight of you every day, the smell, the taste of you, I would wither away. My blood would turn to powder in my veins. And you? Have you not found in me a mirror for your soul? When you look at me, when we speak, touch, do you not see who you really are? I dare you to deny that in my presence you love yourself better. I know this is true, for I love myself better in yours.
Napoleon Bonaparte|As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.
Kevin Costner|I've been singing since I was 16 because I love it - I wanted to be a singer, not a star. There's a difference between wanting to be famous and wanting to sing well.
David Wilkerson, The Cross and the Switchblade|I am a misanthrope, but exceedingly benevolent; I am very cranky, and am a super-idealist. ... I can digest philosophy better than food.
Yukio Mishima, After the Banquet|The silence of the storm weighs heavilyOn their strained spirits: sometimes one will saySome trivial thing as though to ward awayMysterious powers, that imminently lieIn wait, with the strong exorcising graceOf everyday's futility. DesireBecomes upon a sudden a crystal fire,Defined and hard: If he could kiss her face,Could kiss her hair! As if by chance, her handBrushes on his ... Ah, can she understand?Or is she pedestalled above the touchOf his desire? He wonders: dare he seekFrom her that little, that infinitely much?And suddenly she kissed him on the cheek.
Jane De Suza, The Spy Who Lost Her Head|They rode up the faint marks of the old trace where thousands of sojourners walking and riding both had crossed it and before them the buffalo far back in time. She joined the stream of humanity that had gone down that road, just one more story in a stream of narratives both likely and unlikely that were being told somewhere even now, by someone, in a far place.
Peter Manseau, Songs for the Butcher's Daughter|Hoping to apply what few marketable skills I'd acquired in school, I used my undergraduate's Hebrew to check into options in Israel. I was eager to travel, open to adventure, but as a non-Jew, I found that my possible motives were a cause for concern. In more than one interview I was asked a question that I would eventually hear word for word from Malpesh himself: Are you some sort of missionary? To my prospective employers I tried to explain that if I was to convert anyone it would only be to a nebulous wishy-washy agnosticism, but this honest answer did not earn me many callbacks.
Terry Goodkind, Blood of the Fold|Reasons are the spoils of victory. When you've destroyed the enemy, then your leaders write down the reasons in books, and give moving speeches about them. If you've done your job, then there aren't any of the enemy left to dispute your leader's reasons. At least not until the next war.
Charles Francis Richter|I mean, making art is about objectifying your experience of the world, transforming the flow of moments into something visual, or textual, or musical, whatever. Art creates a kind of commentary.
Virginia Woolf|It's a good thing I was born a girl, otherwise I'd be a drag queen.
Suzy Bogguss|Then, after I came home from Europe, I found I was under condemnation; and I was condemned at that time because I did not endorse the financial policy of the General Conference.
Kishida Toshiko|Eight or nine out of ten mothers in our society today believe that they have accomplished their duty if their daughters, once married, are not sent home in divorce. -Daughters in Boxes
Anne Perry, Tathea|The nice people do not come to God, because they think they are good through their own merits or bad through inherited instincts. If they do good, they believe they are to receive the credit for it; if they do evil, they deny that it is their own fault. They are good through their own goodheartedness, they say; but they are bad because they are misfortunate, either in their economic life or through an inheritance of evil genes from their grandparents. The nice people rarely come to God; they take their moral tone from the society in which they live. Like the Pharisee in front of the temple, they believe themselves to be very respectable citizens. Elegance is their test of virtue; to them, the moral is the aesthetic, the evil is the ugly. Every move they make is dictated, not by a love of goodness, but by the influence of their age. Their intellects are cultivated—in knowledge of current events; they read only the bestsellers, but their hearts are undisciplined. They say that they would go to church if the Church were only better—but they never tell you how much better the Church must be before they will join it. They sometimes condemn the gross sins of society, such as murder; they are not tempted to these because they fear the opprobrium which comes to them who commit them. By avoiding the sins which society condemns, they escape reproach, they consider themselves good par excellence.
Dimitri Verhulst, De helaasheid der dingen|It was truer to my father to let the songs he'd sung die with him, little by little, averse at a time. How could these art-mongers constantly ignore the mortality of beauty, a pleonasm if ever I'd heard one?
Meister Eckhart|We cannot, of course, disprove God, just as we can't disprove Thor, fairies, leprechauns and the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
Ryan Bethencourt|If information wants to be free, then that's true everywhere, not just in information technology.
Beth Hoffman, Saving CeeCee Honeycutt|Well, looks like you won't be reaching nirvana anytime soon."She pushed a stray lock of hair off her forehead and sniffed. "Yes, I suppose that's true. I guess I'll just have to settle for a trip to Idaho.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|Will history remember us, I wonder? I do hope so - to imagine that one might do something, touch an event somehow, & thereby transcend the bounds of a single human lifetime!
Neil deGrasse Tyson|If you removed all the arteries, veins, & capillaries from a person’s body, and tied them end-to-end…the person will die.
Jerry A. Coyne|God never wrought miracle to convince atheism, because his ordinary works convince it. It is true, that a little philosophy inclineth man’s mind to atheism; but depth in philosophy bringeth men’s minds about to religion.
Vic Snyder|Real freedom lies in wildness, not in civilization.
Oscar Wilde|It's an odd thing, but anyone who disappears is said to be seen in San Francisco.It must be a delightful city and possess all the attractions of the next world
Maya Angelou, Letter to My Daughter|Home isn't a place, its a feeling
Janet Flanner, Paris Was Yesterday, 1925-1939|It was my turn to be silent while a small family of moments crossed my path, single file, from the left, sticking their tongues out at me.
Anaïs Nin|We are like sculptors, constantly carving out of others the image we long for, need, love or desire, often against reality, against their benefit, and always, in the end, a disappointment, because it does not fit them.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|If you appreciate, perpetuate and explore your own dreams,then you'll know that dream isn't a one-way communication.
Stephen Greenblatt, The Swerve: How the World Became Modern|In short, it became possible - never easy, but possible - in the poet Auden's phrase to find the mortal world enough.
Blaise Pascal|To be honest, I'm shocked the University of Washington's sports teams are called the Huskies. Why haven't the Leftists that run this entire state demanded they be renamed the 'Athletes of Size' so as to not fat shame anyone?
Paula Boock|What is the bedrock on which all of our diverse trans populations can build solidarity? The commitment to be the best fighters against each other's oppression. As our activist network grows into marches and rallies of hundreds of thousands, we will hammer out language that demonstrates the sum total of our movement as well as its component communities.Unity depends on respect for diversity, no matter what tools of language are ultimately used. This is a very early stage for trans peoples with such diverse histories and blends of cultures to form community. Perhaps we don't have to strive to be one community. In reality, there isn't one women's, or lesbian, gay, bi community. What is realistic is the goal to build a coalition between our many strong communities in order to form a movement capable of defending all our lives.
Katherine McIntyre, Soul Solution|Truth be told, loneliness had seeped into her bones with the passing of time until it had become her normal way of life.
John Zerzan, Running on Emptiness: The Pathology of Civilization|The single most important human insight to be gained from this way of comparing societies is perhaps the realization that everything could have been different in our own society – that the way we live is only one among innumerable ways of life which humans have adopted. If we glance sideways and backwards, we will quickly discover that modern society, with its many possibilities and seducing offers, its dizzying complexity and its impressive technological advances, is a way of life which has not been tried out for long. Perhaps, psychologically speaking, we have just left the cave: in terms of the history of our species, we have but spent a moment in modern societies. (..) Anthropology may not provide the answer to the question of the meaning of life, but at least it can tell us that there are many ways in which to make a life meaningful.
Sophie Kinsella, Shopaholic to the Rescue|It's just, there's something compelling about very beautiful people. Especially strong-jawed men with stubble and intense eyes. You fall under their spell and believe anything they say.
Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls|Sometimes it made her want to put her fist through glass; other times, it made her cry a river.
Mark Twight, Kiss or Kill: Confessions of a Serial Climber|If you can not grasp the consciousness-altering experience that real mastery of these disciplines proposes, of what value is your participation?
Valerie Jarrett|I know people that could serve me canned tuna and saltine crackers and have me feel more at home at their table than some people who can cook circles around me. The more you try to impress people, generally the less you do.
Roma Khetarpal, The "Perfect" Parent: 5 Tools for Using Your Inner Perfection to Connect with Your Kids|If you're using most of your energy to do stuff for your kids, then you'll have that much less energy to just be there for them.
Haruki Murakami|I told you. Time moves differently for everyone; but for everyone, time runs out. Such is the way of things. To die here, at home, is enough for me.
Thomas C. Oden|The faithful have no dread of using the traditional language of the church. Terms like incarnation and resurrection need to be explained, not avoided.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Shall trouble or hardship or persecution or famine or nakedness or danger or sword? 36 As it is written: "For your sake we face death all day long; we are considered as sheep to be slaughtered." 37 No, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him who loved us. 38 For I am convinced that neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future, nor any powers, 39 neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.
Molly Harper, The Art of Seducing a Naked Werewolf|She had a knack for relieving the tension in a room by pretending my rudeness away with cooking. Many, many chickens had given up their lives to cover my conversationalist shortcomings.
Steven Pinker|Can reason lead us in directions that are good or decent or moral? After all, you pointed out that reason is just a means to an end, and the end depends on the reasoner's passions. Reason can lay out a road map to peace and harmony if the reasoner wants peace and harmony, but it can also lay out a road map to conflict and strife if the reasoner delights in conflict and strife. Can reason force the reasoner to want less cruelty and waste?
Buzz Aldrin|Cutting back on calories is not the answer to successful weight loss and successful health... you have to increase the quality of what you eat, not just reduce the quantity.
Nelson Algren, The Man With the Golden Arm|It goes so fast, he thought, they don't tell you that, how fast it goes...
Mehmet Murat ildan|The less courage you have, the more dwarf you shall be; the more courage you have, the more giant you shall be!
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Your success lies behind your choices... To get there, you must choose it and drive your dreams in that chosen direction!
Tony Judt|In English, my name means hope. In Spanish, it means too many letters. It means sadness. It means waiting. It is like the number nine, a muddy color.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|If you leave off looking at books about beasts and men, if you begin to look at beasts and men then (if you have any humour or imagination, any sense of the frantic or the farcical) you will observe that the startling thing is not how like man is to the brutes, but how unlike he is. It is the monstrous scale of his divergence that requires an explanation. That man and brute are like is, in a sense, a truism; but that being so like they should then be so insanely unlike, that is the shock and the enigma. That an ape has hands is far less interesting to the philosopher than the fact that having hands he does next to nothing with them; does not play knuckle-bones or the violin; does not carve marble or carve mutton. People talk of barbaric architecture and debased art. But elephants do not build colossal temples of ivory even in a roccoco style; camels do not paint even bad pictures, though equipped with the material of many camel's-hair brushes. Certain modern dreamers say that ants and bees have a society superior to ours. They have, indeed, a civilization; but that very truth only reminds us that it is an inferior civilization. Who ever found an ant-hill decorated with the statues of celebrated ants? Who has seen a bee-hive carved with the images of gorgeous queens of old? No; the chasm between man and other creatures may have a natural explanation, but it is a chasm. We talk of wild animals; but man is the only wild animal. It is man that has broken out. All other animals are tame animals; following the rugged respectability of the tribe or type. All other animals are domestic animals; man alone is ever undomestic, either as a profligate or a monk. So that this first superficial reason for materialism is, if anything, a reason for its opposite; it is exactly where biology leaves off that all religion begins.
Toni Sorenson|You are a creature meant to be free. Almost always, the person hardest to tell the truth to...is you. Once you can be honest with yourself, you'll find the strength and desire to be honest with others. It's the most freeing feeling imaginable. Go find a mirror and face yourself and your darkest truths. You have the light within you to chase away the dark demons that hold you down and push you back into the black corners of your past. You deserve better. You are a child of light and light hidden behind dark clouds, does nothing to brighten the world.
Angela Duckworth|I went to school at the San Francisco Art Institute, thinking I was going to become an art teacher. Within the first six months I was there, I was told that I couldn't be an art teacher unless I became an artist first.
Oscar Wilde|To know how to suggest is the great art of teaching. To attain it we must be able to guess what will interest; we must learn to read the childish soul as we might a piece of music. Then, by simply changing the key, we keep up the attraction and vary the song.
Kitty Thomas, Comfort Food|This appetite to choose death by pleasure if it is available to choose - this appetite of your people unable to choose appetites, this is the death.
Palash Chowdhury|Leave Your Comfort Zone, If You Want To Accomplish Something.
Philip Pullman, Northern Lights|Darling, no one would ever dream of performing an operation on a child without testing it first. And no one in a thousand years would take a child's daemon away altogether! All that happens is a little cut, and then everything's peaceful. Forever! You see, your daemon's a wonderful friend and com panion when you're young, but at the age we call puberty, the age you're coming to very soon, darling, daemons bring all sort of troublesome thoughts and feelings, and that's what lets Dust in. A quick little operation before that, and you're never troubled again. And your daemon stays with you, only...just not connected. Like a... like a wonderful pet, if you like. The best pet in the world!Wouldn't you like that? (Marisa Coulter)
Lili St. Crow, Jealousy|I was always holding onto people, and they were always leaving.
Marcia J. Bates|...If I were to feed strangers my information, they wouldn't have enough time to expose themselves to the world.
Caisey Quinn, Girl with Guitar|I constantly reminded myself with the fact that the world isn't about what's fair, but how you cope with what is unfair.
Anne Enright, The Gathering|And a ride in a hearse tells us we’re all close to that final cruise . . . when the body dies and we move on. It’s just the body, man. It’s just the body. The soul’s already gone. So don’t be afraid of a dead body absent a soul. It’s empty, man. No resident. What you need to worry about is a living body that’s lost its soul. Now that is scary, man.” - Funk N. Wagnalls, owner of the Grim Reapers auto lot, a character in Professor Brown Shoes Teaches the Blues.
Michael Haneke|There is a romantic, often misguided, misconception among the British that life in France is akin to life in Paradise.
Ellen Bass, The Courage to Heal: A Guide for Women Survivors of Child Sexual Abuse|Healing isn’t just about pain. It’s about learning to love yourself. As you move from feeling like a victim to being a proud survivor, you will have glimmers of hope, pride and satisfaction. Those are natural by-products of healing.
Karen Baker-Fletcher, Dancing with God: The Trinity from a Womanist Perspective|Neoclassical theology corrects misconceptions about God that are neither experientially true nor biblically grounded. If God were "omnipotent" in the sense of absolute determinism, then creation, and especially humans, would have no freedom. Freedom and absolute determinism negate one another. From the perspective of process metaphysics, if God were fully deterministic, then one could not speak of freedom of the will, the ability to choose to participate in God's creativity or not. God is in control, but God is not a control freak! God is not a "tyrant," puppeter, or robotic engineer!
Nicholas Sparks, Dear John|I’ve learned that waiting is the most difficult bit, and I want to get used to the feeling, knowing that you’re with me, even when you’re not by my side.
Winston S. Churchill|Americanism in all its forms seemed to be trashy and wasteful and crude, even brutal. There was a metaphor ready to hand in my native Hampshire. Until some time after the war, the squirrels of England had been red. I can still vaguely remember these sweet Beatrix Potter–type creatures, smaller and prettier and more agile and lacking the rat-like features that disclose themselves when you get close to a gray squirrel. These latter riffraff, once imported from America by some kind of regrettable accident, had escaped from captivity and gradually massacred and driven out the more demure and refined English breed. It was said that the gray squirrels didn't fight fair and would with a raking motion of their back paws castrate the luckless red ones. Whatever the truth of that, the sighting of a native English squirrel was soon to be a rarity, confined to the north of Scotland and the Isle of Wight, and this seemed to be emblematic, for the anxious lower middle class, of a more general massification and de-gentrification and, well, Americanization of everything.
DeWayne Owens|The metamorphosis of your life begins with your mental appreciation for the cocoon stage of your journey. The adversities, the struggles, the perils of life are what either destroy your motivation or encourage your transformation to become what you were truly born to be. A WINNER!
John Green|but there was nothing I could do to dim the supernovae exploding inside my brain, an endless chain of intra cranial firecrackers
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|You can prophecy without going to the bible school. If you acknowledge Jesus, you receive the gift of prophecy and you can prophecy. The holy spirit is always there for you.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The difference between a ‘man’ and a ‘father’ is that the former shares his genes, but latter gives his life.
Sarah Jo Smith, Entangled Loyalties|The romantic vision she’d held of her marriage where the two of them came first and children, no matter whose they were, came after that relationship had disappeared, and she had no idea where to find it.
W. Somerset Maugham, Christmas Holiday|I've got no mother, no wife, no kids. I had, but my mother's dead, and I lost my wife and my kids when I had my trouble. Women are bitches. It's hard for a chap to live without any affection in his life.
Karl Lagerfeld|In a meat-eating world, wearing leather for shoes and even clothes, the discussion of fur is childish.
Witi Ihimaera, The Whale Rider|Man might carve his mark on the earth but unless he's vigilant, Nature will take it all back.
Kenny Weissberg, Off My Rocker: One Man’s Tasty, Twisted, Star-Studded Quest for Everlasting Music|The Grim Reaper isn't grim at all; he's a life-saver. He isn't grim because he isn't anything. . . . he is nothing. And nothing is a hell of a lot better than anything. So long, boys.
G.A. Aiken, Dragon Actually|If the people of this religion are asked about the proof for the soundness of their religion, they flare up, get angry and spill the blood of whoever confronts them with this question. They forbid rational speculation, and strive to kill their adversaries. This is why truth became thoroughly silenced and concealed.
Sharon Lovejoy, Running Out of Night|This book would be a great addition to a classroom library, especially considering its emphases on timeless and critical topics like discrimination and prejudice. –examiner.com, National Book Examiner
Livi Michael, Succession|She thought of all the words that went unspoken in the world, throughout time: what happened to them, where did they go? What would happen if they were all spoken? How different would the world be then?
David Paul Kirkpatrick, The Address Of Happiness|I imagined/felt their palms sweating, their sweat mingling, mutually fertilized, and dripping to the ground, where it gave birth to a scolopendra, the forked ends of its tail bedecked with the sparkle of drying tears. Their sweat would mingle again at night; the sweat from their bellies would run down into their loins, fill their belly buttons, and glimmer in the moonlight like the tears drying on the scolopendra's tail.
Destin Bays, True Love|Just as smiles often follow tears, the sun rose full and bright on the morning..
W. Cleon Skousen, The First 2,000 Years:  From Adam To Abraham|A free society cherishes nonconformity. It knows that from the non-conformist, from the eccentric, have come many of the great ideas of freedom. A free society fertilizes the soil in which non-conformity and dissent and individualism can grow.
Teresa R. Funke, Bursts of Brilliance for a Creative Life blog|When we give ourselves permission to go wherever our outlandish thoughts take us, we feel that rush of creativity and excitement.
Oliver Markus, Sex and Crime: Oliver's Strange Journey|Many people in Nixon’s camp had genuine faith in affirmative action. It wasn’t designed to fail, but it wasn’t designed to succeed, either; the intent behind it was not rooted in a desire to help black people attain equal standing in society. It was riot insurance. It was a financial incentive for blacks to stay in their own communities and out of the suburbs. (183)
Eric Schmidt|Science is the key to our future, and if you don't believe in science, then you're holding everybody back.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Your mind has the intellect to lift the world,your heart has the wisdom to better the world, and your soul has the genius to elevate the world.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|There's a FEW THINGS you need to get STRAIGHT about being GAY..." "That's an OXYmoron.""You'll be an OXYmoron if you don't listen. GAY men SUCK and FUCK. They don't go around falling in LOVE. At least not with every TOM, DICK and HARRY.
Rick Yancey, The Monstrumologist|When you sever ties with the unit purely for self-serving intentions, you are likely to find yourself stranded and struggling to survive; fighting to keep your head above water. What’s more, there is no one to save you because you’ve turned your back on your comrades and snubbed your support system.
Zack Love, Anissa's Redemption|But I stayed up thinking about how I've been lying to him, no less than I lie to myself in my pre-sleep ritual. And I lied to him again just as we were growing more intimate than ever and he asked me about my scar.
Madeline Zima|When you become famous, you start getting invites to parties where there are famous athletes and famous rock stars, politicians, people who have tremendous power and affluence. It's not in my DNA, but certainly I have been exposed to it.
Amy Fusselman|My dad is dead. And as I type this, by the window, on the rainy day, I am alive, yes. I am living. But sometimes it doesn't feel like I am doing it fast enough, or hard enough, or all the way. And it is times like that when I can understand wanting a cigarette in my hand, then my mouth, then my hand again. Holding the cigarette. Tending to the cigarette. Giving the cigarette what it needs. Tapping it in the ashtray. Sucking on it.Then flicking it in the street, like it meant nothing to me.
David L. Conroy, Out of the Nightmare: Recovery from Depression and Suicidal Pain|The circles of shame are vicious. Painful feelings of shame help cause people to be depressed and suicidal, these in turn become shameful aspects of the self. Being angry does not necessarily cause more anger, being envious does not necessarily cause more envy (though once we envy, we can also envy someone's lack of envy), but, in our culture at least, shame (and envy and self-pity) are things to be ashamed about. The two common feelings of suicide are hopelessness and powerlessness; each is shameful, and this additional experience of shame adds pain on pain. A man who despairs because he feels his prospects of having a family are hopeless also feels he will never lose the feeling of shame over being wifeless and childless. To be powerless to change one's life in ways that others can is cause to feel ashamed of one's powerlessness.
Brian South, The Zombie Sheriff Takes Tucson: A Love Story|This is why it is important never to pick or smell flowers, and to always wear headgear when admiring them.
Debasish Mridha|It is easy to create a memory, but it is almost impossible to forget.
Beth Revis, Across the Universe|I can think of nothing but the stars. It is like a piece of my soul had been lost, empty, and it is now filled with the light of a million stars. They are all that I have ever dreamed of; they are nothing that I ever expected... I will never, never be the same. I have seen stars. Real stars.
Robert L. Millet, Men of Valor: The Powerful Impact of a Righteous Man|There are two main reasons why this assumption is wrong. First, once basic material needs have been met, there is very little evidence that pursuing financial prosperity generates much extra happiness for individuals or for nations. Second, by blindly pursuing economic growth, we are creating a whole set of social and environmental issues that will undermine the potential happiness and well-being of future generations.
Sachin Panwar|Each delegated task must be both time-consuming and well-defined. If you’re running around like a chicken with its head cut off and assign your VA to do that for you, it doesn’t improve the order of the universe.
James Lee Burke, Creole Belle|You know what getting married is? It's agreeing to taking this person who right now is at the top of his form, full of hopes and ideas, feeling good, looking good, wildly interested in you because you're the same way, and sticking by him while he slowly disintegrates. And he does the same for you. You're his responsibility now and he's yours. If no one else will take care of him, you will. If everyone else rejects you, he won't. What do you think love is? Going to bed all the time?
Edouard Delacroix|Babbage had most of this system sketched out by 1837, but the first true computer to use this programmable architecture didn’t appear for more than a hundred years.
Josh Stern, And That’s Why I’m Single|Be nice to people on your way up, because you'll land on them on your way down
Gordon Sinclair|First, we could have defied both of them and could have gone to war against both of these nations for this violation of international law and interference with our neutral rights.
Carl Sagan|Beyond the haze, the globe was decorated with a mosaic of sapphire, emerald and amber. The planet glittered like a jewel in the moonlight.
Isabel Allende, Mi país inventado: Un paseo nostálgico por Chile|The people who'd made the system thus were jealous, not of money and not of power but of story. If their employees came home at day's end with interesting stories to tell, it meant that something had gone wrong: a blackout, a strike, a spree killing. The Powers That Be would not suffer others to be in stories of their own unless they were fake stories that had been made up to motivate them.
Isaac Newton|Truth is ever to be found in the simplicity, and not in the multiplicity and confusion of things.
Philip Gross, The Water Table|...It's not that the worm forgives the plough; it gives it no mind. (Pain occurs, in passing.) (lines 37-39 in the poem 'Fantasia on a Theme from IKEA')
Alda Merini|Belize: Hell or heaven? [Roy indicates "Heaven" through a glance]Belize: Like San Francisco.Roy Cohn: A city. Good. I was worried... it'd be a garden. I hate that shit.Belize: Mmmm. Big city. Overgrown with weeds, but flowering weeds. On every corner a wrecking crew and something new and crooked going up catty corner to that. Windows missing in every edifice like broken teeth, fierce gusts of gritty wind, and a gray high sky full of ravens.Roy Cohn: Isaiah.Belize: Prophet birds, Roy. Piles of trash, but lapidary like rubies and obsidian, and diamond-colored cowspit streamers in the wind. And voting booths.Roy Cohn: And a dragon atop a golden horde.Belize: And everyone in Balencia gowns with red corsages, and big dance palaces full of music and lights and racial impurity and gender confusion. And all the deities are creole, mulatto, brown as the mouths of rivers. Race, taste and history finally overcome. And you ain't there.Roy Cohn: And Heaven?Belize: That was Heaven, Roy.
Karen Marie Moning, Iced|Hurray', shouted Glokta. 'Porridge again!'He looked over at the motionless Practical. 'Porridge and honey, better than money, everything's funny, with porridge and honey!
Maarten Boudry|A jealous lover of human liberty, and deeming it the absolute condition of all that we admire and respect in humanity, I reverse the phrase of Voltaire, and say that, if God really existed, it would be necessary to abolish him.
Jamie Bell|Being a musician since I was a teen, Guitar Center is the staple. You need anything to create, it's there. You need a Guitar Center. You gotta give it homage. It's a tool shed, and without the tool shed, it's hard to create.
Nuala O'Faolain, My Dream of You|Boredom looms over the liveliest lessons, seeking to destroy.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Thorns|Brother Row you could trust to make a long shot with a short bow. You could trust him to come out of a knife fight with somebody else's blood on his shirt. You could trust him to lie, to cheat, to steal, and to watch your back. You couldn't trust his eyes though. He had kind eyes, and you couldn't trust them.
Erik Pevernagie|Comes the tipping point in life, when we decide to a ‘stop and search’ and our emotional police bring us to a standstill. This allows us to scan all the little details in the spectrum of our being; scour all fuzzy or cryptic elements that are floating around in our mind and restore the fault lines in the cluttered tale of our life. ("The world was somewhere else")
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|She struggled against him and then kicked him with her knee, right between his legs. He won’t be treating her like this. Bastard. There was a fury inside her, that made her disliking of guys even bigger. He stumbled back, his hand loosening his trip. His face is twisted in pain, and he was completely out of the breath. Angel felt satisfaction. He deserved that."How about this, you ignorant asshole! Keep your hands off of me and leave me alone!" she spat at his face. She barely held back, to not kick him again.
Judy Grahn, The Work of a Common Woman: The Collected Poetry of Judy Grahn, 1964-1977|Paris and HelenHe called her: golden dawnShe called him: the wind whistlesHe called her: heart of the skyShe called him: message bringerHe called her: mother of pearl barley woman, rice provider, millet basket, corn maid, flax princess, all-maker, weefShe called him: fawn, roebuck, stag, courage, thunderman, all-in-green, mountain strider keeper of forests, my-love-ridesHe called her: the tree isShe called him: bird dancingHe called her: who stands, has stood, will always standShe called him: arriverHe called her: the heart and the womb are similarShe called him: arrow in my heart.
Henry Johnson Jr|Man’s collective mastery of nature— even if we could ignore the mounting evidence that this too is largely an illusion— can hardly be expected to confer a sense of confidence and well- being when it coexists with centralizing forces that have deprived individuals of any mastery over the concrete, immediate conditions of their existence. The collective control allegedly conferred by science is an abstraction that has little resonance in everyday life.
Calista Lynne, We Awaken|The wind languished. The floral curtain ceased flapping. The moonlight streamed through, lighting up her face. It was a young, animated face. At that moment, it touched a string, a peg, deep inside him.
Paul Henri Thiry d'Holbach, System of Nature|If the ignorance of nature gave birth to such a variety of gods, the knowledge of this nature is calculated to destroy them.
Jalaluddin Rumi|I was dead, then alive.Weeping, then laughing.The power of love came into me,and I became fierce like a lion,then tender like the evening star.
Krishnamurti|Systems, whether educational or political, are not changed mysteriously; they are transformed when there is a fundamental change in ourselves.
Jon Morrison, Life Hacks: Nine Ideas That Will Change How You Do Everything|Because God is trustworthy, you need not let worry steal your joy for one more day. With God as your leader, even when confusion is at its peak, there can always be a certainty in your uncertainty. To be certain of God’s character and His goodness to us means that we can look uncertainty in the eye and even flourish in it. Worry can be transformed into excited anticipation of what is to come." (Life Hacks, p.35)
Ilona Andrews, Magic Bleeds - Awake|But she had known, better than anyone else, what demons he had faced, had known how hard he had fought to free himself from them. That he had lost the fight in the end made the struggle no less honorable.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|His soul sat up. It met me. Those kinds of souls always do - the best ones. The ones who rise up and say "I know who you are and I am ready. Not that I want to go, of course, but I will come." Those souls are always light because more of them have been put out. More of them have already found their way to other places.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Let the planet be convulsed with exploding bombs, the country ravished daily by new hordes, all his neighbors taken out and shot - he could accept it all more easily than he dared to admit. But the grief implicit in Tereza's dream was something he could not endure.
Thomas Wolfe|Love is an endless mystery, for it has nothing else to explain it.
James North|Life is marathon, not a sprint. It is a race we are all guaranteed to finish, so run wisely.
Daniel Amory, Minor Snobs|You know, sometimes I think this is just not it,” he said, his glasses flashing from the early night’s light. He turned toward me in a thoughtful pause.“You know what I mean, Tom?” he asked. “It’s just not.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you wish to find the strength of being, read the Holy Bible.
Carla H. Krueger|I’m sorry if...I get too personal, if I make you uncomfortable, but writing is like one of the seven deadly sins, like Sharing on Mr. Rogers, and once you get the bug you’re trapped in The Neighborhood of Make-Believe forever.
Trevor Driggers|As we grow up we learn that even the person that wasn't supposed to ever let you down probably will. You will have your heart broken probably more than once and it gets harder every time. You'll break hearts too, so remember how it felt when yours was broken. You'll fight with your best friend. You'll blame a new love for things an old one did. You'll cry because time is passing too fast, and you'll eventually lose someone you love, so take many pictures, laugh too much and love like you've never been hurt because every sixty seconds you spend upset is one minute of happiness you'll never get back.
Michael R. Underwood, Geekomancy|Who else is going to do this job? What do you think that classified ad would read like? 'Dangerous job fighting otherworldly beings, no pay, fame or glory. Death possible. Slobber likely. Injuries always. Must distance yourself from family and friends for their protection.'" -- Cheveyo, Beyond the Darkness
Jamie Dimon|By divine design, men and women are intended to progress together toward perfection and a fulness of glory. Because of their distinctive temperaments and capacities, males and females each bring to a marriage relationship unique perspectives and experiences.
Nithin Purple, Venus and Crepuscule: Beauty and Violence on Me Thrown|Ah! listen the song of storm from my disturbed soul;and it scatters flower buds into its lonely halls;like every pain needs a dirge,with wreaths that awful the world framed one for me,and gives the time it calls.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|God, as Truth, has been for me a treasure beyond price. May He be so to every one of us.
Anne Lamott, Help Thanks Wow: The Three Essential Prayers|If we stay where we are, where we're stuck, where we're comfortable and safe, we die there... When nothing new can get in, that's death.
Mary Astell|We have no general conceptual thrust for the band, other than trying to make music that keeps our interest. When things are novel, they are probably things we have discovered by accident or investigation rather than by design.
Carl Safina, The View from Lazy Point: A Natural Year in an Unnatural World|And Man created the plastic bag and the tin and aluminum can and the cellophane wrapper and the paper plate, and this was good because Man could then take his automobile and buy all his food in one place and He could save that which was good to eat in the refrigerator and throw away that which had no further use. And soon the earth was covered with plastic bags and aluminum cans and paper plates and disposable bottles and there was nowhere to sit down or walk, and Man shook his head and cried: "Look at this Godawful mess.
Holly Black, Red Glove|Over the last couple of years, the photos of me when I was a kid... well, they've started to give me a little pang or something - not unhappiness, exactly, but some kind of quiet, deep regret... I keep wanting to apologize to the little guy: "I'm sorry, I've let you down. I was the person who was supposed to look after you, but I blew it: I made wrong decisions at bad times, and I turned you into me.
Frederick Anderson, The Butterfly Man|To kiss then was the most natural thing in the world. To explore, to taste, to find out. Katie did find out. When they parted from each other, the world was that much more of a beautiful thing.
Oliver Hassencamp|Umgangsformen sind Formen, die zunehmend umgangen werden.
Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence - From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror|Ay, that I had not done a thousand more.Even now I curse the day—and yet, I think,Few come within the compass of my curse,—Wherein I did not some notorious ill,As kill a man, or else devise his death,Ravish a maid, or plot the way to do it,Accuse some innocent and forswear myself,Set deadly enmity between two friends,Make poor men's cattle break their necks;Set fire on barns and hay-stacks in the night,And bid the owners quench them with their tears.Oft have I digg'd up dead men from their graves,And set them upright at their dear friends' doors,Even when their sorrows almost were forgot;And on their skins, as on the bark of trees,Have with my knife carved in Roman letters,'Let not your sorrow die, though I am dead.'Tut, I have done a thousand dreadful thingsAs willingly as one would kill a fly,And nothing grieves me heartily indeedBut that I cannot do ten thousand more.
Denise Hunter, Just a Kiss|The way she says kiss, it sounds different. Like she invented the word specifically for the song.
Rachel Hawkins, Rebel Belle|I picked up the nearest weapon I could lay my hands on: a stapler. I lifted it, going for “menacing.” I admit it lacked a certain elegance, but hey. It was worth a shot. David placed his hand on my arm and pushed it back down.“What?”“Just . . . that’s embarrassing for all of us,” he replied.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|Life is an experimental journey undertaken involuntarily. It is a journey of the spirit through the material world and, since it is the spirit that travels, it is the spirit that is experienced. That is why there exist contemplative souls who have lived more intensely, more widely, more tumultuously than others who have lived their lives purely externally.
Clint Eastwood|I have a great time with my life, and I wanna share it.
Albert Schweitzer|We cannot live only for ourselves. A thousand fibers connect us with our fellow men; and among those fibers, as sympathetic threads, our actions run as causes, and they come back to us as effects.
Marcus Aurelius|One can survive everything, nowadays, except death, and live down everything except a good reputation.
Diplo|Klaus from the Teddybears, Bloodshy and Avant and Mike Snow, they've done lots of Britney Spears production. They went backwards from production to being in a band, which might be cool. I might do that, too, one day.
Emi Iyalla|Whether you sweep the toilet of a school or you make cloths. Whether you take pictures of dancers or you are a full-time house wife.Whether you are a village jester or the president of a company, never trivialize what you do. Your work, no matter how small you think it is can make a difference in someone's life. It all begins with you. It's not what you do, it's how you do it.I have seen a traffic police bring minutes of joy and happiness to people's lives in a way that Presidents of nations cannot. Anytime you trivialize what gives you an income, you sell yourself cheap and lose your dignity. Do your work with all excitement, joy and positivity. Learn and grow from it. And if you haven't found a job to do, look for one with the same zeal as you would do the actual work. Good morning and may God bless our efforts. Emi Iyalla
John Green, Looking for Alaska|I hated sports. I hated sports, and I hated people who played them, and I hated people who watched them, and I hated people who didn't hate people who watched or played them.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Whatever you have chosen to be your priority, set a time to it and be focused on achieving it.
J.G. Ballard, High-Rise|In effect, the apartment block was a small vertical city, its two thousand inhabitants boxed up into the sky.j.g.
Martha Gellhorn|What the trees can do handsomely-greening and flowering, fading and then the falling of leaves-human beings cannot do with dignity, let alone without pain.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Dreams must be chased, for if we wait for them to chase us we will live a life of waiting.
William Wordsworth|I think most artists create out of despair. The very nature of creation is not a performing glory on the outside, it's a painful, difficult search within.
athena_griffinclaw_erudite|You cannot forget, despite the effort to block the memories. These horrific remnants of your past will still remain in your brain, they will follow you wherever you go. They are the things that have scarred you.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|I might be the hazardous waste site that polluted it, but Cape Breton Island is still my home.
M. Scott Peck, The Road Less Traveled: A New Psychology of Love, Traditional Values, and Spiritual Growth|Falling in love is not an act of will. It is not a conscious choice. No matter how open to or eager for it we may be, the experience may still elude us. Contrarily, the experience may capture us at times when we are definitely not seeking it, when it is inconvenient and undesirable. We are as likely to fall in love with someone with whom we are obviously ill matched as with someone more suitable. Indeed, we may not even like or admire the object of our passion, yet, try as we might, we may not be able to fall in love with a person whom we deeply respect and with whom a deep relationship would be in all ways desirable. This is not to say that the experience of falling in love is immune to discipline. Psychiatrists, for instance, frequently fall in love with their patients, just as their patients fall in love with them, yet out of duty to the patient and their role they are usually able to abort the collapse of their ego boundaries and give up the patient as a romantic object. The struggle and suffering of the discipline involved may be enormous. But discipline and will can only control the experience; they cannot create it. We can choose how to respond to the experience of falling in love, but we cannot choose the experience itself.
Beth Morey, Night Cycles: Poetry for a Dark Night of the Soul|I wonder what freezesthe flurry of hurt on her cold-flushed cheeks, if his touch isa salve or the shattering.
Charlie Brooker|Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, which is a pity because this week the National Association of Beholders wrote to tell me that I've got a face like a rucksack full of dented bells.
Florida Scott-Maxwell|You live in a deranged age, more deranged that usual, because in spite of great scientific and technological advances, man has not the faintest idea of who he is or what he is doing.
Vivienne Ming|When I was a kid, I loved 'The Curse of Frankenstein,' 'The Creeping Unknown,' 'X: The Unknown.' I love 'Forbidden Planet,' 'The Thing from Another World.' They were science fiction/horror movies, generally.
Bella Vespira|Love. What is it truly? Love is a spiritual state, an intangible, often insatiable need to put one's needs above your own. To provide peace, stability and smiles to those who have made the long transition from your mind to your heart.
Oliver Stone|You know, usually with movies there are periods, dark areas, where I might not be getting what I wanted out of a theme. I'll have to go over and over it again.
Cormac McCarthy|A forest fire was making its way along the tinderbox ridges above them, flaring and shimmering against the overcast like the northern lights. Cold as it was he stood there a long time. The color of it moved something in him long forgotten. Make a list. Recite a litany. Remember.
Victoria Aveyard, King's Cage|For a nanosecond, I meet her gaze.Despite the dark, I can see her eye color—it’s the prettiest, strangest shade of blue I’ve ever seen in my life—piercing, dark, and shiny. And then she is gone.
Faisal Khosa|It would be a remarkable life, if we live it in the same manner as we do once we find out we do not have much to live
Boyd K. Packer|Learn to pray. Pray often. Pray in your mind, in your heart. Pray on your knees. Prayer is your personal key to heaven. The lock is on your side of the veil. And I have learned to conclude all my prayers with ‘Thy will be done’ (Matthew 6:10; see also Luke 11:2; 3 Nephi 13:10).
Kresley Cole, Lothaire|If you turned your back on irony, it curdled into sarcasm. And what good was it then? Sarcasm was irony which had lost its soul.
Saffron A. Kent, A War like Ours|The monsters in our valley were destroyed that day. Only a very few survived. But that was all right, because we didn't need monsters anymore. We had become them.
Karen Essex, Pharaoh|You see, Great Caesar. she said, this is the way in which mortals retain the power of the divine---in every earthly choice they make. 'But it's a paradox.' he said. 'Human beings are in control of everything and nothing at all.' 'Yes, she answered, her coy smile spreading joy across her lovely face. It is that simple.
Audrey Magee, The Undertaking|It's worse for you. You want the guilt to absolve you. Just like you want your wife and child to absolve you. Once absolved, you can kill or take soup.
Walter Scott, The Bride of Lammermoor|Some false representations contravene the law; some do not. The law does not pretend to punish everything that is dishonest. That would seriously interfere with business, and, besides, could not be done. The line between honesty and dishonesty is a narrow, shifting one and usually lets those get by that are the most subtle and already have more than they can use.
Markus Zusak, I Am the Messenger|People conceptualize conditioning in different ways," he said. "Some think it's a ladder straight up. Others see plateaus, blockages, ceilings. I see it as a geometric spiraling upward, with each spin of the circle taking you a different distance upward. Some spins may even take you downward, just gathering momentum for the next upswing. Sometimes you will work your fanny off and see very little gain; other times you will amaze yourself and not really know why.
T. R. Sharma, A Political History of the Imperial Guptas: From Gupta to Skandagupta|A fallacy has been created that the original empire of the Guptas existed in Magadha while all evidences - epigraphic, numismatic, and the Pauranic - go in favour of establishing the region of Eastern Uttar Pradesh as the original home of the Guptas.
Yahtzee Croshaw, Jam|[Prince Humperdinck] was seventy-five minutes away from his first female murder, and he wondered if he could get his fingers to her throat before even the start of a scream. He had been practicing on giant sausages all the afternoon and had the movements down pretty pat, but then, giant sausages weren’t necks and all the wishing in the world wouldn’t make them so.
Lailah Gifty Akita|To reach greater heights, we must refuse the negative opinions of people and passionately pursue your destiny.
Galt Niederhoffer, The Romantics|Ymir was a frost giant; he was evil from the first. While he slept, he began to sweat. A man and woman grew out of the ooze under his left armpit, and one of his legs fathered a son on the other leg.
Michel Houellebecq, Soumission|He trusted that I would have a very pleasant stay: it was so peaceful, and the meals were delicious. As he said it, I realized that he was expressing not just a belief, but a hope, because he was one of those people, and you don't see them every day, who take an instinctive pleasure in the happiness of their fellow men – that he was, in other words, a nice guy.
Brandi L. Bates|A writer will divine a metaphor from a pattern on a dress, or a gesture, because sunsets have been done before.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|I told you before, Jem, that you would not leave me," Will said, his bloody hand on the hilt of the dagger. " And you are still with me. When I breath, I will think of you, for without you I would have been dead years ago. When I wake up and when I sleep, when I lift up my hands to defend myself or when I lie down to die, you will be with me. You say we are born again. I say there is a river that divides the dead and the living. What I do know is that if we are born again, I will meet you in another life, if there is a river, you will wait on the shores for me to come to you, so we can cross together." Will took a deep breath and let go of the knife. He drew his hand back. The cut on his palm was already healing- the result of the half dozen iratzes on his skin. " You hear that, James Carstairs? We are bound, you and I, over the divide of death, down through whatever generations may come. Forever." He rose to his feet and looked down at the knife. The knife was Jem's, the blood was his. This spot of ground, whether he could ever find it again, whether he lived to try, would be theirs.He turned around to walk to Balios, towards Wales and Tessa. He did not look back.
Thornton Wilder, The Ides of March|Let us at least say of religion that it means that every part of the body is infused with mind, not that the mind is overwhelmed and drowned in body. For the principal attribute of the Gods, without or within us, is mind.
Kristen Ashley, Broken Dove|You may look tough, but being weak-hearted still makes you weak.
Hermann Hesse, Crisis|We all should practice to tell the truth and keep our promises, rather than trying to calculate possible pleasures, pains, and outcomes of our sayings in certain circumstances. Because we know that in general telling the truth and keeping promises will result in more happiness than lying and breaking promises.
Mignon McLaughlin, The Complete Neurotic's Notebook|One moment the world is as it is. The next, it is something entirely different. Something it has never been before.
Debasish Mridha|When we spend money we lose them forever, when we give them away, we will have them forever.
Patrick Marnham, So Far from God: A Journey to Central America|The people of North America have little idea of religion, but they have strict public morality. The Latin people are without morality but they are highly religious.
E.R. Braithwaite, To Sir, With Love|Today I was a teacher, employed. True, I was also a teacher untried, but that could also be an advantage. I would learn, by God I’d learn. Nothing was going to stop me.
Debasish Mridha|Giving and receiving is the law of life. When we give with love and accept with deepest gratitude, our souls rejoice.
Elisabeth Elliot, Passion and Purity: Learning to Bring Your Love Life Under Christ's Control|I do know that waiting on God requires the willingness to bear uncertainty, to carry within oneself the unanswered question, lifting the heart to God about it whenever it intrudes upon one’s thoughts. Its easy to talk oneself into a decision that has no permanence – easier sometimes than to wait patiently.
Louis Zukofsky, Collected Fiction|The more the words of others impressed him with their factual content, the more he felt he must wait for his own facts before being tempted into words.
Irfan Orga, Portrait of a Turkish Family|A late arrival had the impression of lots of loud people unnecessarily grouped within a smoke-blue space between two mirrors gorged with reflections. Because, I suppose, Cynthia wished to be the youngest in the room, the women she used to invite, married or single, were, at the best, in their precarious forties; some of them would bring from their homes, in dark taxis, intact vestiges of good looks, which, however, they lost as the party progressed. It has always amazed me - the capacity sociable weekend revelers have of finding almost at once, by a purely empiric but very precise method, a common denominator of drunkenness, to which everybody loyally sticks before descending, all together, to the next level. The rich friendliness of the matrons was marked by tomboyish overtones, while the fixed inward look of amiably tight men was like a sacrilegious parody of pregnancy. Although some of the guests were connected in one way or another with the arts, there was no inspired talk, no wreathed, elbow-propped heads, and of course no flute girls. From some vantage point where she had been sitting in a stranded mermaid pose on the pale carpet with one or two younger fellows, Cynthia, her face varnished with a film of beaming sweat, would creep up on her knees, a proffered plate of nuts in one hand, and crisply tap with the other the athletic leg of Cochran or Corcoran, an art dealer, ensconced, on a pearl-grey sofa, between two flushed, happily disintegrating ladies.At a further stage there would come spurts of more riotous gaiety. Corcoran or Coransky would grab Cynthia or some other wandering woman by the shoulder and lead her into a corner to confront her with a grinning imbroglio of private jokes and rumors, whereupon, with a laugh and a toss of her head, he would break away. And still later there would be flurries of intersexual chumminess, jocular reconciliations, a bare fleshy arm flung around another woman's husband (he standing very upright in the midst of a swaying room), or a sudden rush of flirtatious anger, of clumsy pursuit-and the quiet half smile of Bob Wheeler picking up glasses that grew like mushrooms in the shade of chairs. ("The Vane Sisters")
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|Every moment of our lives we make choices. Most we don’t even know we’re making, they’re so dull or routine or automatic. Some are beyond explanation—like my mom choosing Wyatt’s memory over Dad and me.
Clarence Darrow|As man becomes more technologically advanced, his barbarity becomes even more lethal
Alexander Gordon Smith, Execution|Hard work, determination, and talent are key for any successful venture. But sometimes you need that fourth ingredient: dumb luck. Luck can never replace hard work and talent, but sometimes it can win out over both.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life|It is when we develop both our inner man and woman that we find a new harmony and wholeness within ourselves. Healing means to develop and integrate our inner man and woman so that love can flow between them. To rediscover our own inner source of love, we need to embrace both the male and female sides within ourselves. When these two sides are developed and integrated, a new spark of love, joy, harmony, creativity and wholeness arises within us. Awareness is an inner harmony between opposite poles and tendencies.
T.A. Miles, Raventide|He’d never really given religion much thought himself. It was just there, one of the basic fundamentals of life and living; Heaven is generally good and one should aspire to end up there, and Hell is decidedly foul and one should generally direct their enemies there.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Forget the pain and the one who caused it, but not the lesson you learnt.
Aleatha Romig, Convicted|No matterwhat he did to make Claire’s life better or show her he’d changed, these memories would always linger in the recesses of his mind. For the rest of his life, he’d know what he’d done. Tony hated himself for all of it—hell, he always had the end justifies the means argument, but even he didn’t believe that anymore. Not now. Not now that he knew Claire and loved Claire.
Edan Lepucki, Woman No. 17|Years ago, my mother and I fell in love with Busybee’s voice, its calm, even tone, and a smile which was always audible in the language. My father, meanwhile, is clipping his nails fastidiously, letting them fall on to an old, spread-out copy of the Times of India, till he sneezes explosively, as he customarily does, sending the crescent-shaped nail-clippings flying into the universe.
Jeremy Clarkson, The World According to Clarkson|I wore a groove in the kitchen floor with endless trips to the fridge, hoping against hope that I had somehow missed a plateful of cold sausages on the previous 4,000 excursions. Then, for no obvious reason, I decided to buy a footstool.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|I think people who don't know the woods very well sometimes imagine it as a kind of undifferentiated mass of greenery, an endless continuation of the wall of trees they see lining the road. And I think they wonder how it could hold anyone's interest for very long, being all so much the same. But in truth I have a list of a hundred places in my own town I haven't been yet. Quaking bogs to walk on; ponds I've never seen in the fall (I've seen them in the summer - but that's a different pond). That list gets longer every year, the more I learn, and doubtless it will grow until the day I die. So many glades; so little time.
Namie Amuro|I think closeness to death would be pretty exhilarating in a way, and friendship, yeh, and selflessness, a kind of selflessness, a sense of your own worthlessness, I think, is pretty exhilarating.
Roman Payne|Wear scarlet! Tear the green lemonsoff the tree! I don't wantto forget who I am, what has burned in me,and hang limp and clean, an empty dress -
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|Until I knew that it was you inside me, who has so much to say, I hesitated writing.
Reverend Ada Slaton Bonds, Cumberland Presbyterian|If you can keep alive in your heart the spirit of cheerfulness, the love of the wonderful, the sweet amazement of happy thoughts, the challenge of service, the lure of tomorrow and the joy of today, you will never grow old.
Edward Abbey|When I consider the small span of my life absorbed in the eternity of all time, or the small part of space which I can touch or see engulfed by the infinite immensity of spaces that I know not and that know me not, I am frightened and astonished to see myself here instead of there … now instead of then.
Sade Adu|If you force yourself to smile, within a couple minutes, you feel happy.
Terry Pratchett, The Color of Magic|Every intelligent being, whether it breathes or not, coughs nervously at some time in its life.
Marlee Matlin|There are different kinds of humor, some is sarcastic, some introspective. Introspective fit my personality better.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|It is said that men may not be the dreams of the god, but rather that the gods are the dreams of men.
Nathan Taffel, Stolen Childhood|If someone asks me, “Why do you write?” I can reply by pointing out that it is a very dumb question. Nevertheless, there is an answer. I write because I hate. A lot. Hard. And if someone asks me the inevitable next dumb question, “Why do you write the way you do?” I must answer that I wish to make my hatred acceptable because my hatred is much of me, if not the best part. Writing is a way of making the writer acceptable to the world—every cheap, dumb, nasty thought, every despicable desire, every noble sentiment, every expensive taste.
Jamie Farrell, Sugared|I'm not going to toy with you tonight. A kiss was more than I bargained for, but, little wife, that f*cking kiss is just the beginning. Tomorrow is a brand new day.
Ron Carlson, Ron Carlson Writes a Story|We live in a society that doesn’t offer any support or appreciation for ventures that aren’t clearly articulated and aligned for a goal. A writer gets past this. It’s going to be a mess before you’re finished, and you may not have a name for the mess or understand its utilitarian purposes. There aren't words for everything. For now, we’ll call it the draft of a story.
Miklós Bánffy, The Phoenix Land|With human beings the urge to make peace takes some time to germinate, while Homo Sapiens is always ready to hate.
Hollywood Undead|I wont cry, it'll be fine. I'll take my last breath. Push it out my chest 'til there's nothing left.
Lord Dunsany, The Gods of Pegana|It was a survival thing: he didn't answer back, didn't say anything about job security for prison guards, debate the nature of repentance, rehabilitation, or rates of recidivism. He didn't say anything funny or clever, and, to be on the safe side, when he was talking to a prison official, whenever possible, he didn't say anything at all. Speak when you're spoken to. Do your own time. Get out. Go home. ... Rebuild a life.
James Bovard|Someone could be amazing at what they do, but if you don't like them, why bother hiring them?
China Miéville, The Scar|It is impossible to express the experiences you have below the surface with words, when water gently caresses your face and body, the pulse decreases and your brain relaxes. You are immediately cut off from the stress and hustle of everyday life when you are below the surface – there are no noisy telephones or SMS messages, no inboxes full of mail, no electrical bills, or other trivialities of everyday life taking up time and energy. There is nothing connecting you to the surface but the same withheld breath that connects you to life. There is only you and a growing pressure on your chest that feels like a loving hug and the vibrations from the deep quiet tone of the sea. It is quite possible that this deep quiet tone is none other than the mantra Om, the sound of the universe, trickling life into every cell of your body.
Ian Tucker, Your Simple Path - Find Happiness in every step.|So tell me, since it makes no factual difference to you and you can't prove the question either way, which story do you prefer? Which is the better story, the story with animals or the story without animals?
R.S. Mollison-Read, Magician's Mayhem|The horrifying sound of breaking glass, and a thunderous tirade of splintering pieces hitting the floor, stunned them all. Tobin spun around in shock. The massive Travelling Mirror, through which Tobin and Murphy had so recently arrived, shattered into hundreds of tiny pieces, cascading down the wall, and onto the floor in an enormous pile of jagged edges. The hall was still as everyone stared at the shattered mirror in shocked silence. “Oh dear. Oh dear, dear, dear,” whispered Elbert.
Mark F. LaMoure|Whereas purpose provides the juice and the direction, principles define the parameters of action and the criteria for excellence of behavior.
Rebecca Donovan, What If|I think I like wildflowers best," I explain. "They just grow wherever they want. No one has to plant them. And then their seeds blow in the wind and they find a new place to grow." (Richelle)
William Landay, Mission Flats|We move through time like a man in a rowboat, looking back even as we move forward.
Ellen Jean Barrier|If a stranger saying we are "dependable" activates the reward system, imagine what praise from a boss, a parent, or even an unaccomplished slightly older graduate student will do. Of course, we all know that praise is a good thing, as long as it isn't too unconditional, but until very recently, we had no idea that praise taps into the same reinforcement system in the brain that enables cheese to help rats learn to solve mazes. And positive social regard is a renewable resource. Rather than having less of something after using it, when we let others know we value them, both parties have more.
Tristan Wilds|Social media is changing the way we communicate and the way we are perceived, both positively and negatively. Every time you post a photo, or update your status, you are contributing to your own digital footprint and personal brand.
Bill Watterson, The Essential Calvin and Hobbes: A Calvin and Hobbes Treasury|The world isn't fair, Calvin.""I know Dad, but why isn't it ever unfair in my favor?
Cheryl Hayashi|First I shall name the eagle, of which there are three species: the great grey eagle is the largest, of great strength and high flight; he chiefly preys on fawns and other young quadrupeds.
Erik Pevernagie|Negativity feeds on itself, thereby compounding the potentially undesirable outcomes.
Liz Fichera, You Are Here|it's easy to be forgetful when you're grieving, even forget those things that you believe most people wouldn't.
Sunshine O'Donnell, Open Me|Life is just one long day separated into sections by sleep. Life never stops happening until you are dead. So whatever happens-love, grief, hate, shame- never disappears. It just gets easier to live with. It just scabs over, waiting for something else significant to happen.
George Bernard Shaw|Schools and schoolmasters, as we have them today, are not popular as places of education and teachers, but rather prisons and turnkeys in which children are kept to prevent them disturbing and chaperoning their parent.
Jennifer Hudson Taylor, For Love or Loyalty|When healing gifts are exercised, the faith of both the one healed and the one healing is built up and becomes stronger. Faith not only in God, but faith in one’s ability to do the works Jesus did, as He said we would. Many who might otherwise move powerfully in the gifts of the Spirit are not lacking faith in God to want to do them, but in themselves and their own ability to be instrumental in ministering the gifts.
Stephen King|When asked, "How do you write?" I invariably answer, "One word at a time," and the answer is invariably dismissed. But that is all it is. It sounds too simple to be true, but consider the Great Wall of China, if you will: one stone at a time, man. That's all. One stone at a time. But I've read you can see that motherfucker from space without a telescope.
Marilyn Minter|Even if my songs are quite sad or quite dark, I don't want my songs to make people sad. It's very important for me that all my songs have some kind of hope or light.
Lord Dunsany, A Dreamer's Tales|The machine itself receives some of the same feelings. With over 27,000 on it it's getting to be something of a high-miler, and old-timer, although there are plenty of older ones running. But over the miles, and I think most cyclists will agree with this, you pick up certain feelings about an individual machine that are unique for that one individual machine and no other. A friend who owns a cycle of the same make, model and even same year brought it over for a repair, and when I test rode it afterward it was hard to believe it had come from the same factory years ago. You could see that long ago it had settled into its own kind of feel and ride and sound, completely different from mine. No worse, but different.I suppose you could call that a personality. Each machine has its own, unique personality which probably could be defined as the intuitive sum total of everything you know and feel about it. This personality constantly changes, usually for the worse, but sometimes surprisingly for the better, and it is the personality that is the real object of motorcycle maintenance. The new ones start out as good-looking strangers, and depending on how they are treated, degenerate rapidly into bad-acting grouches or even cripples, or else turn into healthy, good-natured, long-lasting friends.
Thomas Huxley|The blowback against a bailout of Lehman would have been fierce. It is often forgotten, but the prevailing wisdom the day after Lehman fell was that its collapse was a good thing.
Alice Walker|I'm not afraid of terrorism at all. I'm afraid of loss of our freedom, loss of mobility, loss of global comradeship.
Hedy Lamarr|Here is a fundamental conflict in educated society: We are not supposed to value beauty so highly, and yet who can defend against its sheer power to move, its rhetorical force?
Philip Pullman, The Subtle Knife|It was almost better to be caught by the hungry, soulless vampires; the most they would probably do was drink your blood and leave you to die. Humans were capable of far, far worse.
Jon Stewart|In high school, I discovered myself. I was interested in race relations and the legal profession. I read about Lincoln and that he believed the law to be the most difficult of professions.
Jacquelyn Nicole Davis, Trace The Grace: A Memoir|When you go into the psych ward, you can’t have anything with you except colored pencils. You can’t have any electronics. If you have a drawstring on your pants, a belt, shoelaces, a hood, or extra-long fabric, your very clothes are ripped off your back. They search you with a metal detector like you’re a criminal, doing everything short of putting their hand up your butt. Before you go through those cold, automatic, barred doors, you know your life is not your own. This is especially true during the first week, while you stare at florescent lighting and wait impatiently for your meds to kick in. I wish I had remembered the psych ward prison cell a week ago. If I had, maybe I wouldn’t be wearing this hospital gown that they gave me until I can get more compliant clothes.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|This was like watching murder. Defilement. And it was something worse than either of those things. Even among his family, black trade as they were, books were holy things.
Victoria Dougherty, The Bone Church|I read somewhere that when you're a kid it's people's cruelty that makes you cry, then when you're an adult it's their kindness.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you cannot sleep, put the sacred energy to use. You can pray, read and write.
Selena Gomez|Ultimately, my greatest achievement is maintaining my career while sustaining a happy marriage and kids.
Lorri Faye|The emotion I'd held back for years assaulted me with staggering intensity. Everything. All of it. I cried for Clay, for the lost years with Courtney, but most of all for myself and the cowardly person I'd become. They were right. I was a shell of who I used to be and lived a lonely little life. I'd been certain that protecting my heart had been the right way to go. That Courtney and I didn't mix in the long term. That love was not for me. I'd been wrong on all counts.
Dada Bhagwan|There is no need to slander the nimit (one who is instrumental), it is only necessary to distance yourself from that nimit.
Debasish Mridha|If you fear to take risks, your life will always be risky.
Laurence Sterne|Nor shall derision prove powerful against those who listen to humanity or those who follow in the footsteps of divinity, for they shall live forever. Forever.
Gyrðir Elíasson|The night is about to lull everything and everyone to sleep. I stretch myself at the window and open it so that the books can breathe fresh damp air. I suspect that books need to breathe like people, and I think they tolerate damp better than people say. There is no doubt that they stare rather sadly at the trees out in the garden, as if they have a vague recollection of relationship with them, and sighs are borne from the pages to the damp trunks and branches.I begin to sigh too, for I feel that people are like trees that move, trees that have lost their roots and are always in search of the soil. I have a hazy idea that humans have come from trees that broke off from their roots in a wild whirlwind eons ago - that is my thory of evolution.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Light is a masterpiece, but is of little value if you are blind.
Vernon Howard|The criteria for serving one's country should be competence, courage and willingness to serve. When we deny people the chance to serve because of their sexual orientation, we deprive them of their rights of citizenship, and we deprive our armed forces the service of willing and capable Americans.
Lovecraft H.P.|The sooner we wake up and realise that we have a moral duty to guide and protect this planet, the sooner things will improve for every form of life on this planet.
Amit Kalantri|When I see an evil person, I cannot believe that once he was an innocent and sweet baby.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Works of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|But here I should imagine the most terrible part of the whole punishment is, not the bodily pain at all—but the certain knowledge that in an hour, then in ten minutes, then in half a minute, then now—this very instant—your soul must quit your body and that you will no longer be a man—and that this is certain, certain!
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|Lhyn watched her with a smile. “You do realize that’s your fourth cup and it’s not even midmeal. Shouldn’t you be starting a bit lower than full addict level?” “I am a full addict; what’s the use in pretending? Besides, it’s only three and a half cups.
Zach Anner|Over the years, I've learned that a sense of humor is the only skill that allows you to turn sucking at life into a career.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|I'd read the section in my guidebook about the trail's history the winter before, but it wasn't until now—a couple of miles out of Burney Falls, as I walked in my flimsy sandals in the early evening heat—that the realization of what that story meant picked up force and hit me squarely in the chest: preposterous as it was, when Catherine Montgomery and Clinton Clarke and Warren Rogers and the hundreds of others who'd created the PCT had imagined the people who would walk that high trail that wound down the heights of our western mountains, they'd been imagining me. It didn't matter that everything from my cheap knockoff sandals to my high-tech-by-1995-standards boots and backpack would have been foreign to them, because what mattered was utterly timeless. It was the thing that compelled them to fight for the trail against all the odds, and it was the thing that drove me and every other long-distance hiker onward on the most miserable days. It had nothing to do with gear or footwear or the backpacking fads or philosophies of any particular era or even with getting from point A to point B.It had only to do with how it felt to be in the wild. With what it was like to walk for miles for no reason other than to witness the accumulation of trees and meadows, mountains and deserts, streams and rocks, rivers and grasses, sunrises and sunsets. The experience was powerful and fundamental. It seemed to me that it had always felt like this to be a human in the wild, and as long as the wild existed it would always feel this way. That's what Montgomery knew, I supposed. And what Clarke knew and Rogers and what thousands of people who preceded and followed them knew. It was what I knew before I even really did, before I could have known how truly hard and glorious the PCT would be, how profoundly the trail would both shatter and shelter me.
Félix J. Palma, The Map of the Sky|...that the love between Murray and Emma was permanent and changing; that in each universe, each reality, each and every world where their eyes met, they could not help but fall in love.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Trust is always a risk, but when placed in the right people after a trial period where they prove themselves worthy of it, it is a reward transcendent of all the emotional mire that bogs down a person’s potential.
Cameron Jace|We’re only five years apart,” I said defiantly. “If you look at some of those dysfunctional vampyre relationships, we’re near normal.
Erik Pevernagie|Even if we have bad feelings about our past and it causes a sense of alienation, it belongs to our history. Its benchmarks are stored in the granary of our mind and crucial evaluations for the future cannot be made without consulting the archive of our memory. ( “Not without the past”)
Debasish Mridha|Love has no monetary value, but it enhances the value of life.
Steve Maraboli|No, I will finish what I started, here, at Glimpa’s Arch. The act belongs to me, the consequence, pleasing or not, belongs to the gods.
Muhammad Usman Aman|How can we “find ourselves” again? How can man “know himself”? He is a thing obscure and veiled. If the hare has seven skins, man can cast from him seventy times seven skins, and not be able to say: “Here you truly are; there is skin no more.”Also this digging into oneself, this straight, violent descent into the pit of one’s being, is a troublesome and dangerous business to start. You may easily take such hurt, that no doctor can heal you. And what is the point: since everything bears witness to our essence — our friendships and enmities, our looks and greetings, our memories and forgetfulnesses, our books and our writing!
Walter Williams|Maybe your college professor taught that the legacy of colonialism explains Third World poverty. That’s nonsense as well. Canada was a colony. So were Australia, New Zealand and Hong Kong. In fact, the richest country in the world, the United States, was once a colony. By contrast, Ethiopia, Liberia, Tibet, Sikkim, Nepal and Bhutan were never colonies, but they are home to the world’s poorest people.
Stephen Richards|Do you truly believe in the worthiness of your dreams? Do you truly think they are worth the consistent effort required to make them manifest? Once you truly believe, nothing can stop you but yourself, for such belief is the same power which creates and maintains all existence.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Compassion Revolution: 30 Days of Living from the Heart|Find the light within you through meditation and introspection, and you will illuminate your life from within.
David Ricardo|I'm involved in the stock market, which is fun and, sometimes, very painful.
Kare Anderson, Mutuality Matters How You Can Create More Opportunity, Adventure & Friendship With Others|There are impertinent inquiries made; your rule is, to leave the inquirer uninformed on the matter; not, if you can help it, misinformed, but precisely as dark as he was!
William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar|If I could write the beauty of your eyesAnd in fresh numbers number all your graces,The age to come would say 'this poet lies! Such heaven never touched earthly faces
Anthony Liccione|When we were together before, the world was small to us, but as you grew bigger to life and the world became desirous to living, we became smaller to each other.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|Maybe I naively subscribed to the foolish notion that my love could save him. Whatever the reason, I entered the room and sank to the carpet beside that sad and broken boy.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knowing what to say is sense, when to say it is intelligence, how to say it is wisdom, why and how to say it is enlightenment.
Sunday Adelaja|You know not what you are capable of doing; you cannot sound the ocean of thought within you. You must labor, keep at it, and dig deep and long before you will begin to realize much. Be inactive - mourn because you were not created a giant in intellect, and you will die a fool.
|Put God first in all that you do, and He will never place you last in any race.
Anna Quindlen|The Declaration of Independence pronounced the irrevocable decree of political separation, between the United States and their people on the one part, and the British king, government, and nation on the other.
Kathy Ireland|I often read nonfiction with a pencil in hand. I love the feel, the smell, the design, the weight of a book, but I also enjoy the convenience of my Kindle - for travel and for procuring a book in seconds.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|We haven't remained idle, twiddling our thumbs while you were off having a good time. Through books Cathy and I have lived a zillion lives . . . our vicarious way to feel alive.
Debasish Mridha|To attract all the beauty of life, spread the fragrance of happiness like a dancing flower of peace.
Evan Minton, Inference To The One True God: Why I Believe In Jesus Instead Of Other Gods|The prodigal son represents all of us. We go off to live our lives the way that our sinful hearts desire, but when we “come to our senses” by the illuminating work of God’s Holy Spirit, we can return to God. God and his “servants” (i.e. the angels) will rejoice when you repent. He’s happy to wrap His arms around you! He is overjoyed! He rejoices, and the angels rejoice with Him!
Michael Crichton, Jurassic Park|But now science is the belief system that is hundreds of years old. And, like the medieval system before it, science is starting not to fit the world any more. Science has attained so much power that its practical limits begin to be apparent. Largely through science, billions of us live in one small world, densely packed and intercommunicating. But science cannot help us decide what to do with that world, or how to live. Science can make a nuclear reactor, but it cannot tell us not to build it. Science can make pesticide, but cannot tell us not to use it. And our world starts to seem polluted in fundamental ways---air, and water, and land---because of ungovernable science.
Seth Shostak|I just don't like when there's a rumor that says I'm dating someone who is below my standards. But when I got divorced, my ex-wife said I was spending all my time with Lindsay Lohan and Angelina Jolie. I was like, 'Thank you for the big ups!'
Sunday Adelaja|The Bible is the voice of God, calling out to everyone.
Daniel Barenboim|Treachery has existed as long as there's been warfare, and there's always been a few people that you couldn't trust.
Téa Obreht, The Tiger's Wife|Are you that afraid of being wrong? One would assume you’d be accustomed to it by now.”He grunted. “Be careful, girl. You wouldn’t want to accidentally insult a man.”“The last thing I’d want to do is accidentally insult you, Vathah,” Shallan said. “To think that Icouldn’t manage it on purpose if I wanted!
Jonathan Franzen, Purity|Their marriages had been Old Testament, hers a matter of honoring her covenant with Charles, Tom's a matter of fearing Anabel's wrath and judgement. In the New Testament, the only things that mattered were love and free will.
Cynthia Hand, Boundless|Why are you so angry?”His question surprised me, and I laughed a little. “This isn’t angry,” I smirked. “This is just me. Get used to it.
Holly Madison|I love food, all types of food. I love Korean food, Japanese, Italian, French. In Australia, we don't have a distinctive Australian food, so we have food from everywhere all around the world. We're very multicultural, so we grew up with lots of different types of food.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Every brilliant theory in physics, for example, has been proven mainly wrong, except for the most recent ones, which will be. The big players, like Newton and Copernicus, gave us answers that were later proved more wrong than right. What they did—and why they are valued—is direct our attention to more piercing and compelling questions or possibilities. (I’d suggest the same holds true for the big spiritual players, but that’s a different letter.)
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Be specific about what you want. Decide, define, describe, discuss and develop your plans and then act on them.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|To hold traumatic reality in consciousness requires a social context that affirms and protects the victim and that joins the victim and witness in a common alliance. For the individual victim, this social context is created by relationships with friends, lovers, and family. For the larger society, the social context is created by political movements that give voice to the disempowered.
Jon Morrison, Clear Minds & Dirty Feet: A Reason to Hope, a Message to Share|Universally accepted, microevolution has limits for what it can explain. These limits do not reach the center where the controversy lies - the Thesis of Common Ancestry was popularized by Charles Darwin. Darwin believed that the world we see today has come to us through an evolutionary process called natural selection. Through genetic mutation, species adapt and develop because the strongest of a species will survive and pass on their DNA to their successors. Macroevolution is the belief that all development — from the first moments of the universe, the formation of stars and planets, to the eventual emergence of simple bacteria, to the most complex human being is explainable through this naturalistic transformational process.
Neal Shusterman, Unwind|I was asking if unwinding kills you, or if it leaves you alive somehow. C'mon—it's not like we haven't thought about it." (...)What do you think, Connor?" asks Hayden. "What hap­pens to your soul when you get unwound?"Who says I even got one?"For the sake of argument, let's say you do."Who says I want an argument?
Maya Angelou, Celebrations: Rituals of Peace and Prayer|On this platform of peace, we can create a languageto translate ourselves to ourselves and to each other.
Osamu Dazai, The Setting Sun|In our lives we know joy, anger, sorrow, and a hundred other emotions, but these emotions altogether occupy a bare one per cent of our time. The remaining ninety-nine per cent is just living in waiting.
Alain de Botton, How Proust Can Change Your Life|We would like to go and see the field that Millet…shows us in his Springtime, we would like Claude Monet to take us to Giverny, on the banks of the Seine, to that bend of the river which he hardly lets us distinguish through the morning mist. Yet in actual fact, it was the mere chance of a connection or family relation that give…Millet or Monet occasion to pass or to stay nearby, and to choose to paint that road, that garden, that field, that bend in the river, rather than some other. What makes them appear other and more beautiful than the rest of the world is that they carry on them, like some elusive reflection, the impression they afforded to a genius, and which we might see wandering just as singularly and despotically across the submissive, indifferent face of all the landscapes he may have painted.’It should not be Illiers-Combray that we visit: a genuine homage to Proust would be to look at our world through his eyes, not look at his world through our eyes.To forget this may sadden us unduly. When we feel interest to be so dependent on the exact locations where certain great artists found it, a thousand landscapes and areas of experience will be deprived of possible interest, for Monet only looked at a few stretches of the earth, and Proust’s novel, though long, could not comprise more than a fraction of human experience. Rather than learn the general lesson of art’s attentiveness, we might seek instead the mere objects of its gaze, and would then be unable to do justice to parts of the world which artists had not considered. As a Proustian idolater, we would have little time for desserts which Proust never tasted, for dresses he never described, nuances of love he didn’t cover and cities he didn’t visit, suffering instead from an awareness of a gap between our existence and the realm of artistic truth and interest.The moral? There is no great homage we could pay Proust than to end up passing the same verdict on him as he passed on Ruskin, namely, that for all its qualities, his work must eventually also prove silly, maniacal, constraining, false and ridiculous to those who spend too long on it.‘To make [reading] into a discipline is to give too large a role to what is only an incitement. Reading is on the threshold of the spiritual life; it can introduce us to it: it does not constitute it.
Maira Kalman, The Principles of Uncertainty|Soon enough it will be me struggling (valiantly?) to walk - lugging my stuff around. How are we all so brave as to take step after step? Day after day? How are we so optimistic, so careful not to trip and yet do trip, and then get up and say O.K. Why do I feel so sorry for everyone and so proud?
Dada Bhagwan|The one with ‘egoism’ and ‘my-ness’ (mamata); the one with the awareness that ‘I am the doer’- are all called ‘Jiva’ [living beings] and he who has attained the realization that ‘I am not the doer, I am the Knower-Seer and I am the form of the eternal-bliss’, then he is the ‘Soul’!
Kirby Howell, Autumn in the City of Angels|The temperature of my blood dropped several degrees, and I took a step back. My heart quickened. "Storm?" I prompted, looking at the boxes on the dock labeled "non-perishable.
Zbigniew Brzezinski|A grandparent can be simply affirming. A grandparent has been there, done that child-raising stuff, and has the wisdom of experience. And so in some ways, they're free to love without the anxiety of being the actual parents. They're free to give.
A.P., Sabine|Fellowship" is a Christianspeak for "flirt with unsuccessfully".
Kiera Cass, The Elite|He must love you very much,' Gavril said once I had my footing.I couldn't look at him. 'What makes you say that?' Gavril sighed. 'I've known Maxon since he was a child. He's never stood up to his father like that.
Mohsin Hamid|I love single life! Why would it be boring? I mean, I get to travel around and have loads of girls screaming at me, so it's definitely not boring. However, it can get lonely on the road, but I'm sorted I've got good people around me.
Clifford D. Simak, A Choice of Gods|The whole procedure of his thinking, Jason knew, was an imbecilic exercise; there was no compelling reason for him to seek an answer. And yet his mind bored on and on and he could not stop it, hanging with desperation to an impossibility to which it never should have paid attention.
Thomas Paine, Common Sense|If God had wanted us to judge other people, we'd all have been born with silly wigs.
Emil M. Cioran, On the Heights of Despair|One can be a Jewish, Christian, Buddhist, Hindu or Muslim; it may have, somewhat value. However, if one fails, to be a human, all other qualities, become unimportant and collapse since all the religions execute humanity and love first for respect and empathy each other.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Do not question your ability or worthiness. God is a universe of purpose-driven balance. If you have been called to action, it is because you have it within you to rise to the challenge of your calling. Now, RISE to it!
Rose Wynters, Phase One: Identify|Eleanor," Daniel said. "Miss Fitt! Wake up!"I fluttered my eyelids open. "I'm not a misfit anymore," I rasped. "I thought I told you that.
Shaheen Akhtar|Rape and sexual assault ... should be understood not just as a form of forced sex, they should also be understood as as a form of injury to the brain and body, and even as a variant of castration.
Larry Eskridge, God's Forever Family: The Jesus People Movement in America|Someone once said that Stephen Austin didn't like preachers at all. He swore that "one preacher could stir up more trouble than a dozen horse thieves." Matthew's Gospel reminds us that it is the role of a disciple of Jesus to stir up trouble by playing an active, resistant role in the struggle of good and evil, by resisting the ways of the world and its power bases – economic, religious, nationalistic, politic, military – which are most often in direct opposition to the ways of the Kingdom of God and the way of discipleship.
Steven Magee|If you are looking for a career that may induce a myriad of health conditions into you, I can recommend working at the 13,796 feet very high altitude summit of Mauna Kea, Hawaii, USA.
Indu Muralidharan, The Reengineers|The fact is you cannot be intelligent merely by choosing your opinions. The intelligent man is not the man who holds such-and-such views but the man who has sound reasons for what he believes and yet does not believe it dogmatically. And opinions held for sound reasons have less emotional unity than the opinions of dogmatists because reason is non-party, favouring now one side and now another. That is what people find so unpleasant about it.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Your attitude toward Scripture can reveal your attitude toward the Savior. When your passion for God's Word runs high, your passion for God does as well.
Patrick deWitt, The Sisters Brothers|I lay in the dark thinking about the difficulties of family, how crazy and crooked the stories of a bloodline can be.
Michael Schmidt-Salomon, Manifest des evolutionären Humanismus|Während Wissenschaftler wissen, dass sie nur etwas "glauben" (= für "wahr" halten), was heute angemessen erscheint, morgen aber möglicherweise schon überholt ist, glauben Gläubige, etwas zu wissen, was auch morgen noch gültig sein soll, obwohl es in der Regel schon heute widerlegt ist.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Christianity, true Christianity, is experienced when we crucify the anger, pride, vanity and lust that dwells within ourselves and consciously replace it with the sacrificial love, humility, modesty and chasteness of the One who so many profess to believe in and follow. -Jason Neville Versey
Maya Banks, Rush|Take your clothes off." "What?" "You heard me." Evelyn forced her mouth shut. She looked around the room, buying time. The faded brown curtains hung limply over the windows, not quite touching, and the afternoon light filtered through the gaps, its beams turning the dust in the air into diamonds. She could hear the rattle of a wagon on the street below and the regular rhythm of squeaking bedsprings in the adjacent room. "So? What are you waiting for?" She stared at the man on the moth eaten chaise longue in front of her. He was serious.
George Henry Smith, Scourge of the Blood Cult|Dies iral, dies illaSolvet Saeclum in FavillaTeste David cum SilyllaThat Day of Wrath, that day of burningSeer and Sibly speak concerningAll the world to ashes turning
J.G. Ballard, Empire of the Sun|What's so horrible about being dead forever, and not feeling anything, and not even dreaming? What's so great about feeling and dreaming?
Gillian Flynn, Sharp Objects|That was how she felt. Like a petal clinging to its stem, hopeful of staying, fearful of being cast away.
Sarah J. Maas, The Assassin's Blade|You want to know what price I asked for forgiving Arobynn, Celaena?" Sam stood so still the he might have been a statue. "My price was his oath that he'd never lay a hand on you again. I told him I'd forgive him in exchange for that.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Stay with your passion but have a philosophy that is beyond your strength so that you can have a legacy, even a legacy that will outlast you.
Stephen Whitfield, Omari And The People|No one can stop death, Omari. It is normal and certain. And nothing should get in the way of a person’s true destiny.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|It took me almost two thousand miles in the woods to see I had to do some hard work that wasn’t simply walking—that I needed to begin respecting my own body’s boundaries. I had to draw clear lines. Ones that were sound in my mind and therefore impermeable, and would always, no matter where I walked, protect me. Moving forward, I wanted rules.First—when I felt unsafe I’d leave, immediately. The first time, not the tenth time. Not after a hundred red flags smacked in wind violently, clear as trail signs pointing the way to SNAKES. Not after I’d been bitten—the violation. If I wasn’t interested, I would reject the man blatantly.
Langston Hughes, The Panther and the Lash|Does a leaf, when it falls from the tree in winter, feel defeated by the cold?The tree says to the leaf:"That’s the cycle of life. You may think you’re going to die, but you live on in me. It’s thanks to you that I’m alive, because I can breathe. It’s also thanks to you that I have felt loved, because I was able to give shade to the weary traveller. Your sap is in my sap; we are one thing.
Zero Jones, Metamagik|... It is possible to be a meta-physician without believing in a transcendent reality; for we shall see that many metaphysical utterances are due to the commission of logical errors, rather than to a conscious desire on the part of their authors to go beyond the limits of experience.
Virginia Alison, Heaven Scent|Her steel blue eyes captivated him at first glance and along with the alluring scent of jasmine surrounding her presence, he lost all sense of time and rhythm, and barely remembered the ensuing conversation. Thinking he had died and gone to heaven, the only thing that stuck in his memory, as they found themselves pressed urgently against the wall of her hotel room, was her name; Ginny.
Kevin Dellinger, Your Soul Mate|Often we find ourselves in a trap of commitment wondering if your partner can be faithful to you completely. Most people will not commit to this kind of relationship. But if you have found your Soul mate, this will not be a challenge for you. It all depends on the actions of yourself and your partner.
Rian Johnson|But I want people to understand that poker's not all glamorous, it's not all being on TV and making tons of money. It's a hard life. It's a lot of travel. It's a lot of weird hours.
Robert Tew|If you don't value yourself, you're not going to draw valuable things into your life.
Sue J. Daniels|Somehow, we each create our own prison, for which only we, hold the key to freedom.
Haritha Velpureddy|Dear Marie Tussaud,Fake people are everywhere, you do not have to waste wax creating them
G.K. Chesterton|In other words, we may, by fixing our attention almost fiercely on the facts actually before us, force them to turn into adventures; force them to give up their meaning and fulfill their mysterious purpose.
Donna Woolfolk Cross, Pope Joan|If it be true that there can be no metaphysics transcending human reason, it is no less true that there can be no empirical knowledge that is not already caught and limited by the a priori structure of cognition.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I jump for joy every day. My body pulses with joy, and my vibration soars. I feel amazing.
Susan Sontag, Illness as Metaphor|I always think of each night as a song. Or each moment as a song. But now I'm seeing we don't live in a single song. We move from song to song, from lyric to lyric, from chord to chord. There is no ending here. It's an infinite playlist.
Lia Mills, Fallen|People are often dismissive of librarians and libraries....But isn't that where the best stories are kept? Hidden away on the library bookshelves, lost and forgotten, waiting, waiting, until someone like me comes along, and wants to borrow them.
Travis Thrasher, Three Roads Home|Keep your whole being on the thing you are turning into words. The minute you flinch, and take your mind off this thing, and begin to look at the words and worry about them... Then your worry goes into them and they set about killing each other. So you keep going as long as you can, then look back and see what you have written. After a bit of practice and after telling yourself you are going to use any old word that comes into your head so long as it seems right, you will surprise yourself. You will read back through what you have written and you will get a shock. You will have captured a spirit, a creature.
Ellen Hopkins, Burned|But for a long time, and probably far too long, I had a secret wish: the adolescently romantic idea that there was someone out there for me; someone I hadn't met yet who would ask me on a date and make sense of my life. I harbored the hope, I'm now embarrassed to admit, that like a girl in a Lifetime movie, I would look into someone's eyes and find a reflection of my inner life. But sometime between my teenage years and the first years in New York, that idea had pretty well evaporated. I'd grown up.
Bertrand Russell, Marriage and Morals|So long as there is death there will be sorrow, and so long as there is sorrow it can be no part of the duty of human beings to increase its amount, in spite of the fact that a few rare spirits know how to transmute it.
Hiro Kiyohara, きみにしか聞こえない [Kimi ni Shika Kikoenai]|..Moloch who entered my soul early. Moloch in whom I am a consciousness without a body. Moloch who frightened me out of my natural ecstasy. Moloch whom I abandon. Wake up in Moloch.. Light streaming out of the sky.Moloch! Moloch! Robot apartments! Invisible suburbs! Skeleton treasuries! Blind capitals! Demonic industries! Spectral nations! Invincible madhouses! Granite cocks! Monstrous bombs!They broke their backs lifting Moloch to Heaven.. Pavements, trees, radios, tons. Lifting the city to Heaven which exists and is everywhere about us.
Anthony Liccione|I guess it's better to have a chalk smile, than an ink smile. Where chalk changes with the direction of wind, ink stays as a deep stain. Like rain, sun and hail against a fake plant.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, God Is in the Manger: Reflections on Advent and Christmas|Those in the West who have adopted Christ as their own should remember that he was an Oriental. Love and sympathy for Jesus should be expanded into love and sympathy for all Orientals, and for all the world.
Madeleine K. Albright, Notes From My Travels|Explore the world with an open mind, a sturdy carry-on, and clothes that don't wrinkle!
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Fresh is better. But you've never drunk fresh blood. Have you?"Simon raised his eyebrow in response."Well, aside from mine of course," Jace said. "And I'm pretty sure my blood is fan-tastic.
Tite Kubo|Ichigo: You got that? Huh?! I'm the rescuer, so you just SHUT UP!!Rukia: Wha--wha'd you say? A rescuer isn't supposed to ignore the rescuee!Ichigo: Yeah? And what kind of rescuee complains about the rescue!? Why don't you go sit in a corner and tremble in fear and cry out "Save me! Save me!" like you're supposed to?! tremble!
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|The author nicely encapsulates Paul's overarching intent in his letter to Corinth, to impress upon those in the church infatuated with the gifts of the Spirit a greater awestruck awareness of His presence in and among them. The author then illustrates thusly: if we have but a few coins, we may carry them lightly with little concern as to whether we lose them. But if we are aware that we carry a great sum, we will carry it with great care. How much more the Treasure of the Holy Spirit within the earthen vessel of our bodies?
Robert Macfarlane, The Old Ways: A Journey on Foot|The compact between writing and walking is almost as old as literature -- a walk is only a step away from a story, and every path tells.
Yann Martel|A story is a wedding in which we listeners are the groom watching the bride coming up the aisle. It is together, in an act of imaginary consummation, that the story is born. This act wholly involves us, as any marriage would, and just as no marriage is exactly the same as another, so each of us interprets a story differently, feels for it differently. A story calls upon us...as individuals-and we like that. Stories benefit the human mind.
Slavoj Žižek, Gaze and Voice as Love Objects: [SIC 1]|Women must show their public face. We must help to work out our own community problems. We must insist on having equal voices and equal responsibilities. . . In large part, success depends on changing minds at home, in the streets, and at the workplace - not just in legislatures and in the courts. Each and every one of us has and important role to play in completing that task.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Don’t just be alive; once you have arrived, find the reason why and make that reason accomplished.
Doris Day|Always remember that the most important thing in a good marriage is not happiness, but stability.
Philip K. Dick, The Man in the High Castle|People who smoke would have probably been regarded as fools or insane, if only a percentage of people who smoke smoked.
Shannon L. Alder|God will never call you in a direction that would cause you to sin. However, he will call you to be creative enough to find a way to make what you want come true through honorable ways.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|To laugh often and much; to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children; to earn the appreciation of honest critics and endure the betrayal of false friends; to appreciate beauty, to find the best in others; to leave the world a little better; whether be a healthy child, a garden patch or a redeemed social condition; to know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is the meaning of success.
Isaiah Mustafa|We talk a lot about hope, helping, and teamwork. Our whole message is that we are more powerful together.
Yaşar Kemal, İnce Memed 4|Bu dağlarda bin kere ölmeden, bir kere dirilemezsin.
Bill Hicks|I was in Nashville, Tennessee last year. After the show I went to a Waffle House. I'm not proud of it, I was hungry. And I'm alone, I'm eating and I'm reading a book, right? Waitress walks over to me: 'Hey, whatcha readin' for?' Isn't that the weirdest fuckin' question you've ever heard? Not what am I reading, but what am I reading FOR? Well, goddamnit, ya stumped me! Why do I read? Well . . . hmmm...I dunno...I guess I read for a lot of reasons and the main one is so I don't end up being a fuckin' waffle waitress.
Tom Butler-Bowdon, 50 Self-Help Classics: 50 Inspirational Books to Transform Your Life from Timeless Sages to Contemporary Gurus|It didn't take long to realize I didn't hardly know nothing. And that if you ast yourself why you black or a man or a woman or a bush it don't mean nothing if you don't ast why you here, period
Helen Fielding, Bridget Jones's Diary|the nation's young men havebeen proved by surveys to be completely unmarriageable, and as a result there's a wholegeneration of single girls like me with their own incomes and homes who have lots of fun anddon't need to wash anyone else's socks.
Edgar Allan Poe|At midnight, in the month of June, I stand beneath the mystic moon.
Emily Rios|But the age of chivalry is gone. That of sophisters, economists, and calculators has succeeded; and the glory of Europe is extinguished forever.
Sheila Walsh, Loved Back to Life: How I Found the Courage to Live Free|I now think it takes more faith to name our need than to keep believing that something will happen and not doing anything about it. It takes faith, and great courage, to get help, to take the first painful step toward the dream that is in our hearts...I know now that you can look at bricks and cement for years, believing in the vision of a home, but until you get down on your hands and knees and start to build, it will remain a dream.
Derek Landy, Mortal Coil|Stairs," Valkyrie said, disappointed."Not just ordinary stairs," Skulduggery told her as he led the way down. "Magic stairs.""Really?""Oh, yes."She followed him into the darkness. "How are they magic?""They just are.""In what way?""In a magicky way."She glared at the back of his head. "They aren't magic at all, are they?""Not really.
Elizabeth Debicki|This is the artist, then, life's hungry man, the glutton of eternity, beauty's miser, glory's slave.
|If you are spending more time dreaming in your sleep than you do while awake, then you aren't busy enough with your heart's desires.
Oprah Winfrey|Everyone wants to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
PK gyewu Akrofi|If hate, the antonym of love, is one strong word that we all know it exist but despise, why do people like playing with LOVE like it's nonentity?
Ritika Chhabra, A Dark Love|I opened up a dictionaryAnd tried to find a meaning in a hurry.Turned the pages to look for the word -- "Perfect"And saw you listed there, coz I know you're worth it!
John Capecci and Timothy Cage|The story of a life can be as long or as short as the teller wishes. Whether the life is tragic or enlightened, the classic gravestone inscription marking simply the dates of birth and death has, in its brevity, much to recommend it.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|If you want to keep people happy, just keep the food and entertainment rolling.
George Gerbner|The truth is, Jung has brought back one member of the old duality, unreason, with a new name; it is no synthesis at all, but only the latest maneuver in the war against rationality that has been conducted with rising hysteria by literary intellectuals and humanists against the laws of a culture they have reason to distrust and disobey. The Jungian theory proposes to every disaffected humanist his "personal myth," as a sanctuary against the modern world. Against the vulgar democracy of intelligence, Jungian theory proposes an aristocracy of feeling. From this proposal derives Jung's persistent influence on modern critical and aesthetic style.
Lindzz|I don't know what to do, I want to die but you're making me stay alive, I'm not sure if I should betray you and do it or move on and push through it.
Christina Baker Kline, Orphan Train|Anger is a powerful, transformative emotion, one that can light the fire under us that propels us ever higher. However, the woman wasting time at the grocery story, the man cutting us off, the website that will not load are not the right targets for our energy.
Aditi Mathur Kumar, Soldier and Spice - An Army Wife's Life|There's always new stuff, that's for sure.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|You know, Breccan, we were all born into this realm for a purpose. We were born to live in that forest," Gunnar said, pointing ahead. He swallowed deeply as he continued to take in the sight of Surchin. Breccan came up behind Gunnar. "And you know, we are all gonna die there. How convenient. Yep, we are all gonna find finality before we've taken a woman. So not the way I wanted things to go.
Helen Keller|I who am blind can give one hint to those who see: Use your eyes as if tomorrow you would be stricken blind. And the same method can be applied to the other senses. Hear the music of voices, the song of a bird, the mighty strains of an orchestra, as if you would be stricken deaf tomorrow. Touch each object as if tomorrow your tactile sense would fail. Smell the perfume of flowers, taste with relish each morsel, as if tomorrow you could never smell and taste again. make the most of every sense; glory in the beauty which the world in all the facets of pleasure reveals to you through the several means of contact which Nature provides. But of all the senses, I am sure that sight is the most delightful.
Richard Russo, Nobody's Fool|Maybe sheetrocking wasn't one of Sully's favorite jobs, but like most physical labor, there was a rhythm to it that you could find if you cared to look, and once you found this rhythm it'd get you through a morning. Rhythm was what Sully had counted on over the long years - that and the wisdom to understand that no job, no matter how thankless or stupid or backbreaking, could not be gotten through. The clock moved if you let it.
Kathy Reichs, Exposure|So what's the plan?” Ben asked.“Go inside. Look around. Improvise.”“Brilliant." Hi stroked his chin. “Quick question: Is having no plan the same as having a terrible plan, or are those different categories?
Stephen Hawking|There should be no boundaries to human endeavor. (...) However bad life may seem (...) While there’s life, there is hope.
Nicholas Negroponte|Computers sort of came around through games and toys. And you know, the first computer most people had in the house may have been a computer to play 'Pong,' a little microprocessor embedded, and then other games that came after that.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|Most of us don’t notice how great we look until years, even decades later. Not long ago, I was looking at photos of myself at various ages and weights—way before the neckular deterioration began, way before the fanny pack of menopause—and I could see how gorgeous I must have looked to everyone else.
Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband|I love talking about nothing, father. It is the only thing I know anything about.
Robert M. Pirsig|To live only for some future goal is shallow. It's the sides of the mountain that sustain life, not the top.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|You can be dressed to the nines and have it all going on, but if you don’t have shoes to support your look, they can be your undoing. Your shoes should be appropriate, clean, polished, and maintained if you want to make a great impression and fortify your credibility. If your shoes are scuffed, dirty, or worn, clients may wonder what other details you’ve neglected to attend to.
Philip Palmer|What happens," called out Max, "if you win?""We die anyway, but I become legend" I explained
Sara Sheridan, Brighton Belle|It was clearly a lot more difficult in the field than in the office, where you could keep your distance and maintain a calculated composure. Being faced with real people was a far tougher call on one’s judgement.
David Gerrold|I have a very simple philosophy of life:Kindness. Ferocious, unrelenting, ruthless, committed, passionate, kindness.Life is sacred everywhere. We all have better things to do than beat each other up.Arguing for the exception is to invest it with energy, it's to negotiate the loophole. The commitment to kindness must be total.
Andrew J. Bernstein|California has something which not every place in the world has: It has what I would call a sunny side, and I don't mean just physically, but the sunny side is a future. California's worth saving, to put it bluntly.
Brendan Iribe|The way that we are going after ageing, I think, is a problem. The modern medical model is basically designed to attack one disease at a time. Independent of all other diseases and independent of the basic process of ageing itself.
Jerry Bridges, The Pursuit of Holiness|The Christian living in disobedience also lives devoid of joy and hope. But when he begins to understand that Christ has delivered him from the reign of sin, when he begins to see that he is united to Him who has all power and authority and that it is possible to walk in obedience, he begins to have hope, and as he hopes in Christ, he begins to have joy. In the strength of this joy, he begins to overcome the sins that have so easily entangle him. He then finds that the joy of a holy walk is infinitely more satisfying than the fleeting pleasures of sin. But to experience this joy, we must make some choices. We must choose to forsake sin, not only because it is defeating to us but because it grieves the heart of God.
Eric Liddell|Anyone who, neglecting that fixed hour of prayer, [will] say he can pray at all times but will probably end in praying at no time.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|But magic must hurry on, and the lovers remain...
Ben Okri|Man becomes man only by his intelligence, but he is man only by his heart.
Katherine Soh, Nurse Molly Returns|In its basic form, nursing can be seen as a duty, but beyond the incessant operational activities that lay the foundation of our daily work, the profession is all about grace. Helping people is a noble calling. It is a privilege to serve my fellow human beings. Fifteen years has seen many ups and downs at the workplace, but I have enjoyed serving the many patients who come into my care, and have prayed for the souls of those who were on the brink of death.
A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad|The half-moon westers low, my love,And the wind brings up the rain;And wide apart lie we, my love,And seas between the twain.I know not if it rains, my love, In the land where you do lie;And oh, so sound you sleep, my love,You know no more than I.
B.R. Ambedkar, Writings And Speeches: A Ready Reference Manual|When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.
Besa Kosova|Money can't buy happiness, but it certainly is a stress reliever.
Anthony Liccione|Key the mind, and set the soul free.
Ian Fleming, You Only Live Twice|I've found that one must try and teach people that there's no top limit to disaster-that, so long as breath remains in your body, you've got accept the miseries of life. They will often seem infinite, insupportable. They are part of the human condition.
Christina Grimmie|I've been working with Disney all these years doing voice work, and now I'm signed with Disney Fine Arts, doing 'Beauty and the Beast' oil paintings. So it's been an ongoing wonderful job.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|A dense, artistic kind of imperfection stimulates your consciousness, keeps you alert. If I listen to some utterly perfect performance of an utterly perfect piece while I'm driving, I might want to close my eyes and die right then and there. But listening to the D major, I can feel the limits of what humans are capable of-- that a certain type of perfection can only be realised through a limitless accumulation of imperfect.
George Saunders|When I'm home on a break, I lock myself in my room and play guitar. After two or three hours, I start getting into this total meditation. It's a feeling few people experience, and that's usually when I come up with weird stuff. It just flows. I can't force myself. I don't sit down and say I've got to practice.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|When I was your age, television was called books.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Do not economize on the hymeneal rites; do not prune them of their splendor, nor split farthings on the day when you are radiant. A wedding is not house-keeping.
Audrey Niffenegger|Clare, I want to tell you, again, I love you. Our love has been the thread through the labyrinth, the net under the high-wire walker, the only real thing in this strange life of mine that I could ever trust. Tonight I feel that my love for you has more density in this world than I do, myself: as though it could linger on after me and surround you, keep you, hold you.
Sonya Hartnett, Surrender|Revenge was a dish best eaten cold, but eight years between was arctic.
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|The only French word I know is oui, which means “yes,” and only recently did I learn it’s spelled o-​u-​i and not w-​e-​e.
Harrish Sairaman|If you think the world is a tough place, it time to change your lens!!!!
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Time doesn't wait for anyone, but you always have to wait for time.
Anne Fadiman, The Spirit Catches You and You Fall Down: A Hmong Child, Her American Doctors, and the Collision of Two Cultures|I’m serious, now let me know every time you see her cry. The thought brings me great joy. Hope.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We are discouraged, when we fail to nourish the soul with its spiritual food.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|They say you don’t get over someone until you find someone or something better. As humans, we don’t deal well with emptiness. Any empty space must be filled. Immediately. The pain of emptiness is too strong. It compels the victim to fill that place. A single moment with that empty spot causes excruciating pain. That’s why we run from distraction to distraction—and from attachment to attachment.
Andrew Pyper, The Demonologist|Last night I had the dream again. Except it's not a dream I know because when it comes for me, I'm still awake.There's my desk. The map on the wall. The Stuffed animals I don't play with anymore but don't want to hurt Dad's feelings by sticking in the closet I might be in bed. I might be just standing there, looking foe a missing sock. Then i'm gone.it doesn't just show me somthing this time, it takes me from here to THERE> standing on the bank of a river of fire. A thousand wasps in my head. Fighting and dying inside my skull, their bodies piling up against the backs of me eyes. Stinging and stinging.Dad's voice. Somewhere across the river. Calling my name. I've never heard him sound like that before. He's so frightened he can't hide it, even though he tries (he ALWAYS tries).The dead boy floats by.Facedown. So I wait for his head to pop up, show the holes where his eye used to be, say somthing with his blue lips. One of the terrible things it might make him do. But he just passes like a chunk of wood. I've never been here before, but I know it's real. The river is the line between this place and the Other Place. And I'm on the wrong side. There's a dark forest behind me but that's not what it is. I try to get to where Dad is. My toes touch the river and it sings with pain. Then there's arms pulling me back. Dragging me into the trees. They feel like a man's arms but it's not a man that sticks its fingers into my mouth. Nails that scratch the back of my throat. Skin that tastes like dirt. But just before that, before I'm back in my room with my missing sock in my hand, I realize I've been calling out to Dad just like he's been calling out to me. Telling him the same thing the whole time. Not words from my mouth through the air, but from my heart through the earth, so only the two of us could hear it.FIND ME
Janet Reno|In Texas, it's legal for a kid to be in a bar with your parents.
Charles Dickens, Our Mutual Friend|We are thankful to come here for rest, sir," said Jenny. "You see, you don't know what the rest of this place is to us; does he, Lizzie? It's the quiet, and the air.""The quiet!" repeated Fledgeby, with a contemptuous turn of his head towards the City's roar. "And the air!" with a "Poof!" at the smoke."Ah!" said Jenny. "But it's so high. And you see the clouds rushing on above the narrow streets, not minding them, and you see the golden arrows pointing at the mountains in the sky from which the wind comes, and you feel as if you were dead."The little creature looked above her, holding up her slight transparent hand."How do you feel when you are dead?" asked Fledgeby, much perplexed."Oh, so tranquil!" cried the little creature, smiling. "Oh, so peaceful and so thankful! And you hear the people who are alive, crying, and working, and calling to one another down in the close dark streets, and you seem to pity them so! And such a chain has fallen from you, and such a strange good sorrowful happiness comes upon you!"Her eyes fell on the old man, who, with his hands folded, quietly looked on."Why it was only just now," said the little creature, pointing at him, "that I fancied I saw him come out of his grave! He toiled out at that low door so bent and worn, and then he took his breath and stood upright, and looked all round him at the sky, and the wind blew upon him, and his life down in the dark was over!—Till he was called back to life," she added, looking round at Fledgeby with that lower look of sharpness. "Why did you call him back?""He was long enough coming, anyhow," grumbled Fledgeby."But you are not dead, you know," said Jenny Wren. "Get down to life!"Mr Fledgeby seemed to think it rather a good suggestion, and with a nod turned round. As Riah followed to attend him down the stairs, the little creature called out to the Jew in a silvery tone, "Don't be long gone. Come back, and be dead!" And still as they went down they heard the little sweet voice, more and more faintly, half calling and half singing, "Come back and be dead, Come back and be dead!
Seong pill kon|Oh, man. I’m not interested to driving the Lamborghini. I’m more interested in making Lamborghini. That’s what creativity means to me.
Faraaz Kazi, More Than Just Friends|Why wish for something that will never be? It ends in nothing but heartbreak. We wish, then we think about how things would be if our wishes came true. And we feel happy thinking about those things. But then we wake up and realise that our wishes don’t have wings. And it hurts because all the happiness that we thought of, was never real. Hold on to what you have, try to find your happiness in what is, rather than what should or could have been.
Tom Brady|Loving oneself isn't hard, when you understand who and what 'yourself' is. It has nothing to do with the shape of your face, the size of your eyes, the length of your hair or the quality of your clothes. It's so beyond all of those things and it's what gives life to everything about you. Your own self is such a treasure.
Jessica Knoll, Luckiest Girl Alive|All you have to do, to impress a girl is love her; because it'll make you do things which will impress her automatically
Eric Garcia, The Repossession Mambo|You’re going to work in this life, and you’re going to play. And when the last days come, you’ll look back and find that that’s all there was, an endless stream of days going back to today. But if you can find the thing you should be doing, the thing that makes you you, and if you can make that thing yours, then you’ve beaten the game. Most men don’t, but the point is to try
Roger Lea MacBride, In the Land of the Big Red Apple|Tracks were adumbrations of the energy of life all about us, the recent history book of wilderness.
Tami Egonu, The Obsidian Club|Those monsters in your closets and under your beds? They are just as real as us. The difference is that we fear what we don't understand, while they understand exactly, what we fear.
Marguerite Yourcenar|When my family all got together, I'd always get up and entertain everyone, but it was all a bit of a joke. My first real memory of singing for people was when I was about eleven or 12.
Shaikh Ashraf|There are things a person does without any reason, without any second thought, maybe they do not hold grudges for long, maybe they just forgive, and there is something strange about that type of person. I admire them.
Stewart Brand|As we admit our inadequacy to run the race alone and accept God's gracious redemption, then the race begins to have meaning, validity, and most of all, freedom.
Tim Howard|Even when disco went out, I could still make hits. Once I had so much success, every idea became concentrated. I had so much confidence. I knew how the bass should sound, what rhythms would work. The tempos I knew: 110 to 120 BPM. I knew they would dance in the clubs in New York or anywhere.
William Ritter|Words are the timeless beauties; they tell a thousand stories, deliver your purpose, speak the heart and build character. The play and interaction of words amuse me, hence the power of words is my love.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you are on my mind, you be in my heart.
Jay Bell, Something Like Autumn|Sara knew that behind its locked front door no home was routine. Not the house of her childhood, not the apartment of her husband's. not the world they were building together with Willow and Patrick. All households had their mysteries, their particular forms of dysfunction.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|If it looks a bit rough, a little worn, with little splotches - those have the swetest flavor. The ones that are perfect on the outside tend to be a bit more bland. That is true about many things in life.
J. Cole|I think the American Dream used to be achieving one's goals in your field of choice - and from that, all other things would follow. Now, I think the dream has morphed into the pursuit of money: Accumulate enough of it, and the rest will follow.
Brynn Myers, Entasy|To some, you are a way to the light and to others you will be their true destruction.
Robert Galbraith, The Silkworm|If you are reading this, I'm dead. Don't celebrate too much. Jesus is watching.
Sam Houston|I despise shows that present friendship where you're always there for each other and really strong because I don't know anyone like that. I mean, I've got great friends, but I can go months without seeing them because I think, 'I just can't deal with having to give you anything.'
Carl Zimmer, Parasite Rex: Inside the Bizarre World of Nature's Most Dangerous Creatures|Humans are built to move. We evolved under conditions that required daily intense physical activity, and even among individuals with lower physical potential, that hard-earned genotype is still ours today. The modern sedentary lifestyle leads to the inactivation of the genes related to physical performance, attributes that were once critical for survival and which are still critical for the correct, healthy expression of the genotype. The genes are still there, they just aren't doing anything because the body is not stressed enough to cause a physiological adaptation requiring their activation. The sedentary person's heart, lungs, muscles, bones, nerves and brain all operate far below the level at which they evolved to function, and at which they still function best.
Sarah Nicolas, Dragons Are People, Too|What ifs” are the doorways into new adventures. “Why nots” are the doorknobs. We turn knobs and tug at doors until we find the one that opens for us. The Maker will leave that one unlocked and when we get to the other side, the light will be on and He’ll be waiting with all the resources and help we need to fulfill His best desires for us.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|Sorry if this little war’s inconvenienced you in any way,” Indris drawled. “I’ll try to schedule the next one with you in mind
Jordan B. Peterson|Life is suffering Love is the desire to see unnecessary suffering amelioratedTruth is the handmaiden of loveDialogue is the pathway to truth Humility is recognition of personal insufficiency and the willingness to learn To learn is to die voluntarily and be born again, in great ways and smallSo speech must be untrammeled So that dialogue can take placeSo that we can all humbly learn So that truth can serve loveSo that suffering can be amelioratedSo that we can all stumble forward to the Kingdom of God
Mary J. McCoy-Dressel, Heartbreak's Reward|No more heartbrakes, Your dead.
Nanette Mathews|If you have to chase, beg, or plot for love....It will run away at the next "best" offer.
Jean Elson, Gross Misbehavior and Wickedness: A Notorious Divorce in Early Twentieth-Century America|Leaving James was not something Nina had thought possible, but if she could do so and still keep her children, it might be better for them, as well as for her.
Samuel Johnson|While an author is yet living we estimate his powers by his worst performance, and when he is dead we rate them by his best.
Monika Zands|There is never another one of you in exactly the same spot you are in right now, so give yourself a break and release blame from the past so you can be free to move around the future!!
Mike Rogers|Unless a design is infused with a personality - and by that, I mean mine or someone else who really understands what design is all about - it will never, ever have any mystery.
Nabil TOUSSI|In the shores of twilight,Wide and deep as your eyes,I swim.In a way, I feel herNight, a crowned goddess commanding the stars to swim, So peaceful, even death escapes into serenity. Stars so far, they seem as they tell the living world,  lights, live into shinning, die into nothingness. Worlds I want to travel, away to shadows of your eyes in the hold of your lips. So far, so far away.... As your kiss, as my lover.Night, With a soft touch, Touches my face, winds to the trees, sunlight on grass, life, breath, so quite, death screams in the abyss, a black pearl with grains of sand.The dance of the night..reminds me of her. Her tender laughter, the gleam in her enormous eyes, her soft whirlpool lips. As a reflection from dark streams, She reveals hot love, Nothing hidden, no shame, just love that hurts. The solace in the night makes me cry...The lights of stars as arrows to me.Night, Hits my eyes, Beauty of the wilderness, Calling me, Homeless in a city, naked on cold steel  At home with the sea, with night above, foam of waters breaks below. As my companion, friend I speak to. I say to the night sky. Does she love me? When travels of the heart goes outside of me, outside the seas into clouds of your warmth, To another place in her heart trying to find out... Does your heart want me to visit or stay?Night, Calm is the winds, feeling the air, Night, She is beautiful.. Hitting me with such painful softness, I don't want day to arrive, I want to stay.. In the night, Peaceful, loving...with you...Night...vast space in time, Nothing, empty, to hold, for night, you are me. For I cannot have her.  A love vast, beautiful and alone. For in the night, We see each other, In the light, Nothing hidden, Everything revealed, Night..I love you.,,as I love her.  For I don't have her but I have you. As my love, invisible and forever waiting like a lost sailor in the night sea....
Richard Siken|You’re in a car with a beautiful boy, and he won’t tell you that he loves you, but he loves you. And you feel like you’ve done something terrible, like robbed a liquor store, or swallowed pills, or shoveled yourself a grave in the dirt, and you’re tired. You’re in a car with a beautiful boy, and you’re trying not to tell him that you love him, and you’re trying to choke down the feeling, and you’re trembling, but he reaches over and he touches you, like a prayer for which no words exist, and you feel your heart taking root in your body, like you’ve discovered something you didn’t even have a name for.
Cindy Skaggs, Unstoppable|Mick was always the right kind of dirty. Windblown, fresh off his bike, wrapped in tattoo and leather. Muscles all the hell over the place. The man was a serious piece of eye candy. Thinking about him losing the leather warmed the chill that had gripped her since the attack.
Mitch Albom from "Tuesdays with Morrie"|When I was younger, I was told that there is too much inside me. That I have feelings where others have bone. At the age of seven, a doctor tapped inside my head and asked, "Do you choke on memories from time to time? Do you cry for no good reason at all? Do words take a hammer to your head and crack your skull?" Yes, yes, yes, I nodded. "Then you've definitely got them," he said, as he checked off a box on his list. "Too many feelings. What a shame. Try not to keep them inside or you'll drown.
Jonathan Lethem, The Fortress of Solitude|It wasn't school that I dreaded at all. School was not half bad. In many ways, this year had been downright fun. No, what I hated most about school was the fact that I had to come here all by myself. Simon and Peter went to their classes and did their own things, and I had to do my own thing. The thing I loved about summer was that I shared it with my brothers. Sure, my brothers and I often fought, but the best times in my life came when I was with them. School was a time when I had to go and do something without a brother at my side.
G.K. Chesterton, The Innocence of Father Brown|He thought his detective brain as good as the criminal's, which was true. But he fully realised the disadvantage. "The criminal is the creative artist; the detective only the critic," he said with a sour smile, and lifted his coffee cup to his lips slowly, and put it down very quickly. He had put salt in it.
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|It's so awful, attacking your child. It's the worse thing I know, to shout loudly at this 50 lb. being with his huge trusting brown eyes. It's like bitch-slapping E.T.
Tanmaya Guru|And yet. And yet. If asked - if pressed - Honora would have to say she is strangely content. It's an odd feeling that she cannot describe to anyone - not to her mother and certainly not to Sexton, whose unhappiness seems to have no bounds, whose unhappiness is defined now by what he does not have, which is almost everything. He will always, in his mind, be the salesman who no longer has anything to sell. A man who longs for the open road but who cannot ever take it. Whereas Honora, oddly, now has more purpose than she ever did before. She is a dutiful wife who tends to her husband in spite of his weaknesses. She is a woman with ingenuity. She is a woman without illusions. She is a woman who, above all, is too busy trying to make a go of it to fret about her marriage.
Victoria Pendleton|I'm very wary of trust, you see.
Dalma Heyn, Drama Kings: The Men Who Drive Strong Women Crazy|For the first time in history, middle-class women do not need men in the traditional ways - for safety, for money, for a life. So they’re demanding instead what they always wanted but couldn’t ask for: emotional connection, presence, intimacy. Sex with enough foreplay, enough seduction, enough closeness to please them. Men are baffled not only because the needs they are being asked to fill differ so from what their fathers and grandfathers understood to be their jobs but also because full-fledged intimacy requires strengths and skills they’ve never learned. Moreover… they’re strengths and skills that were once left solely to women: Men didn’t have to develop them. This maturational mismatch may be contributing to distrust among lovers of all ages.
Jennifer Ott|disappointment is devastating, even if it’s something that you didn’t really expect to occur.
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|When you live with voices in your head, you are drawn inextricably to voices outside your head. Very often the voices work to confirm your worst suspicions. Or think of things you could never have imagined! There are only so many hours of the day to hate yourself.
Richie Norton|If you want to double your productively, shorten the timeline to by 50%.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There is no room for God’s Word in our culture, where our children are without reverence for God or faith in the Bible. There is no room for our Lord’s creed of purity and self-denial when the media sends forth a constant barrage of profanity and indecency and materialism.
Nina LaCour, You Know Me Well|— Do they know? That you're gay?— Why waste their time with it? It's not like it'll ever be an issue anyway.— Yeah, but, it's who you are, right?— I guess so, — he said. — I don't really know how to be any way else.— When did you know?— I was twelve, maybe. Something I just knew one day, even though I hadn't known it the day before.— So it's like that, huh? A feeling? Not just being into other dudes?— Oh no, it's that too. Of course it's that. But it's more, I think. Not so much a feeling as a fact, like having blue eyes or brown hair. It's just maybe something you don't discover until you're ready to understand it better.— Like being straight, — she said. Only we don't have to deal with all that closet bullshit.— Bingo, — he said.
Julius Erving|Thus, it was to seek true civilization and true justice for all the peoples of the world, and to view this as the destruction of personal freedom and respect is to be assailed by the hatred and emotion of war, and to make hasty judgments.
Philip K. Dick, A Scanner Darkly|In his article, Bogen concluded: “I believe [with Wigan] that each of us has two minds in one person. There is a host of detail to be marshaled in this case. But we must eventually confront directly the principal resistance to the Wigan view: that is, the subjective feeling possessed by each of us that we are One. This inner conviction of Oneness is a most cherished opinion of Western Man. . . .
Hadas Moosazadeh, Author|Withdrawal and advance are two defaults within one second, but each second of error is critical and threatening in a crucial time.
Vladimir Nabokov, Pale Fire|A thousand years ago five minutes wereEqual to forty ounces of fine sand.Outstare the stars. Infinite foretime andInfinite aftertime: above your headThey close like giant wings, and you are dead.
Jim George, The Remarkable Prayers of the Bible|Happiness has its source in positive feelings, while joy has its source in Jesus.
E.L. Doctorow, Ragtime|There is always a comma to check whether are we going to do the same mistake which we have done before?" But proble is that we never use this comma.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|I think Dad wanted to feel the pain, to feel his body cry, an urgent reminder that he was still alive. I pretended not to notice.
Victoria Woodhull|Let me reassure that the Kingdom of Cambodia a country with independence, neutrality, peace, freedom, democracy and human rights as you all have seen, shall be existing with no end.
Scott Stabilele|Not everything is about you.In fact, most things aren’t.What a relief, right?
Amor Towles, Rules of Civility|In our twenties, when there is still so much time ahead of us, time that seems ample for a hundred indecisions, for a hundred visions and revisions—we draw a card, and we must decide right then and there whether to keep that card and discard the next, or discard the first card and keep the second. And before we know it, the deck has been played out and the decisions we have just made will shape our lives for decades to come.
Adele von Rust McCormick, Horse Sense and the Human Heart|When we encounter a friend who's depressed or afraid, we automatically try to take that distress away and to cheer the person up. While we may be operating with the best of intentions, this Band-Aid approach only reinforces the condition. Unless people experience their pain completely and begin to undrstand it, they will not only fail to overcome it, they'll also lose the opportunity of using it to advance their own growth. Pain can get you somewhere, and that somewhere can be a life-enhancing experience. We all tend to forget that pain can signal change. Alleviating the symptoms of pain in someone, without helping them to get at its underlying source, robs them of an important to for self-exploration. It's also a way of placating that reinforces the person'S need to cave in and succumb to another. This attitude undermines healthy character development and contributes to psychospiritual, moral, and ultimately social decay.
Elaine Seiler|Probably no single event highlights the strength of Campbell’s argument (on peak oil) better than the rapid development of the Alberta tar sands. Bitumen, the world’s ugliest and most expensive hydrocarbon, can never be a reasonable substitute for light oil due to its extreme capital, energy, and carbon intensity. Bitumen looks, smells, and behaves like asphalt; running an economy on it is akin to digging up our existing road infrastructure, melting it down, and enriching the goop with hydrogen until it becomes a sulfur-rich but marketable oil.
Mike McCue|One of the best parts of Thanksgiving for me is re-watching some of the classic holiday blunders that have been depicted on television. I remember laughing uncontrollably on the set of 'That Girl' back in 1967 when we shot the episode, 'Thanksgiving Comes But Once A Year, Hopefully' during our second season.
Tom Hardy|There are a lot of movies that I don't care about, especially not remakes.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Kindness always works with the most important person — YOU. Be kind for you, not others.
Caroline Leech, Wait for Me|I thought I lost you""You will never lose me." Paul kissed the top of her head. "And even if I have to leave, you must know that I will come back to you again. If you'll wait for me?
Tony Hendra, Father Joe: The Man Who Saved My Soul|History was not simply a catalogue of the dead and buried and benighted, but rather a vast new world to be pioneered; ...if you approached the past generously, so to speak—its people as humans, not facts, as modern in their time as we were in ours, who thought and felt as we do, the dead would live again, our equals, not our old-fashioned, hopelessly unenlightened, and backward inferiors. Humanity, to be fully known, had to be seen as changeless as well as ever changing.
Devdutt Pattanaik|Cecie keeps telling him she’d like to take him home some night, husband or no. The Minotaur waits hopefully. Husband or no.
Denice Envall|Even as a child the glimpse of what a normal life would have been was always beyond my vision and my grasp. No matter what I glimpsed - whether hope or warning, happiness or sadness - it all led to the same present, to me being numb.I have been formed by the events of my life and the people involved. The loss of my innocence; the watchful, paranoid eye of my mother; the rejection of the adults around me; my abusive ex-boyfriend; the ignorance of my peers; I’ve allowed all of them to shape me into this faceless, identity-less mass which in my mind, I’ve been all my life.I repress my feelings for personal autonomy by dropping them into the fathomless waters of my subconscious. Trapped behind a colossal wall made from the pain and repressed emotions of my life, I seem to search desperately for anything that will help me reconnect with the world I’ve just left behind, whether it be a way out or simply a person on the other side willing to listen. My cry for someone to feel and touch me are all the more paradoxical considering that those are the very things I am unable to do in my life. I’ve built this wall out of the fear of feeling something, and out of my paranoia of being emotionally touched and leaving myself vulnerable.I want to regress back to my childhood, back to where it all began, so that I might be able to start over and see where things went wrong. For me to progress, I must comprehend the people, the events, and most importantly the decisions that have lead to my current imprisonment behind this wall.The violent battle of selves continues inside me, and they’re forming my most deranged persona yet.
Debasish Mridha|With love, nothing is impossible.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|Faith is knowing that when life doesn’t go quite as planned, it is, in fact. exactly as planned.
Syed Ather|When we don't pray, we quit the fight. Prayer keeps the Christian's armor bright. And Satan trembles when he sees. The weakest saint upon his knees.
Mohammed Sekouty|My own tears caught me by surprise, and I turned away before he could see them. Everyone leaves. If I've learned one thing in life that it was that. They might die. They might betray your trust. They might stay until I've got too hard or inconvenient. But in the end, the people you cared about always leave.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Emile or On Education|Hold childhood in reverence, and do not be in any hurry to judge it for good or ill. Leave exceptional cases to show themselves, let their qualities be tested and confirmed, before special methods are adopted. Give nature time to work before you take over her business, lest you interfere with her dealings. You assert that you know the value of time and are afraid to waste it. You fail to perceive that it is a greater waste of time to use it ill than to do nothing, and that a child ill taught is further from virtue than a child who has learnt nothing at all. You are afraid to see him spending his early years doing nothing. What! is it nothing to be happy, nothing to run and jump all day? He will never be so busy again all his life long. Plato, in his Republic, which is considered so stern, teaches the children only through festivals, games, songs, and amusements. It seems as if he had accomplished his purpose when he had taught them to be happy; and Seneca, speaking of the Roman lads in olden days, says, "They were always on their feet, they were never taught anything which kept them sitting." Were they any the worse for it in manhood? Do not be afraid, therefore, of this so-called idleness. What would you think of a man who refused to sleep lest he should waste part of his life? You would say, "He is mad; he is not enjoying his life, he is robbing himself of part of it; to avoid sleep he is hastening his death." Remember that these two cases are alike, and that childhood is the sleep of reason.The apparent ease with which children learn is their ruin. You fail to see that this very facility proves that they are not learning. Their shining, polished brain reflects, as in a mirror, the things you show them, but nothing sinks in. The child remembers the words and the ideas are reflected back; his hearers understand them, but to him they are meaningless.Although memory and reason are wholly different faculties, the one does not really develop apart from the other. Before the age of reason the child receives images, not ideas; and there is this difference between them: images are merely the pictures of external objects, while ideas are notions about those objects determined by their relations.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|Loving her has become a part of my religion, a gentle mantra with every beating of my heart. I cannot imagine its Ragnarok without wilting.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|You know, he said, our work is difficult: we confrontmuch sorrow and disappointment.He gazed at me with increasing frankness.I was like you once, he added, in love with turbulence.
Colleen Houck|I’ve been working hard to become the kind of man she needs, the kind of man she already believes me to be.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|They are fond of fun and therefore witty, wit being well-bred insolence.
Thomas Rhett|I'm doing four hours of gymnastics training a day, six days a week and then an extra two to three hours in a fitness center as well.
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|You can not have peace with just feelings. It comes only about by prayer and being on the journey. Like the wise men, find your peace this Christmas.
Andrew Murray|An agnostic found himself in trouble  and a friend suggested he pray. "How can I pray when I do not know whether or not there is a God?" he asked. "If you are lost in the forest " his friend replied  "you do not wait until you find someone before shouting for help."
Bailey Cates, Brownies and Broomsticks|I've seen some pretty strange things in my life, and more of them make me think magic is possible than not.
Peter Diamandis|There's a song called 'Live Blogging the Himmel Family Bris.' I kind of went for it here in terms of - it was really fun to be explaining ritual circumcision in Nashville - a lot of brises are done in hospitals, but many are done in people's homes, and there's a lot of food, and a lot of leftovers.
Taranjeet Singh|When a writer falls in love with you - their very soul bursts open like a supernova brightly lighting up everything in its way.They will write spells on your skin and carve your name onto their bones and make you theirs.Their love bleeds through their fingers in the form of words hastily written on paper while their heart jumps inside their chest, unable to contain such impossible amount of feelings rushing over one another getting tangled, causing pain and joy and tears of sorrow and happiness all at the same time.The universe will fall from their parted lips when they say your name and whisper how much they love you. They will turn you into a priceless sculpture - carve you into a monument and make love to you - while making you their home, their sun, their moon, their stars, their whole world gathered into one small corporeal being made out of stars and love and infinity.When a writer falls in love with you they become a new separate universe quietly created by your words, brought to life by your touch, burning brightly as long as you whisper their name with all the love that you have inside you.
Michael Gungor, The Crowd, The Critic And The Muse: A Book For Creators|Art matters. It is not simply a leisure activity for the privileged or a hobby for the eccentric. It is a practical good for the world. The work of the artist is an expression of hope - it is homage to the value of human life, and it is vital to society. Art is a sacred expression of human creativity that shares the same ontological ground as all human work. Art, along with all work is the ordering of creation toward the intention of the creator.
Mark Samuels, The Man Who Collected Machen and Other Weird Tales|He who is not liberal with what he has, does but deceive himself when he thinks he would be liberal if he had more
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Concentrate on your strengths and talents to change your situation, and avoid those pity-parties. Absorbing the blows and present pain is a quality of greatness. Measure yourself against the goals and standards you have set for yourself, rather than comparing yourself to others and feeling discouraged or useless.
Robert Bringhurst, The Tree Of Meaning: Thirteen Talks|Enron was becoming a virtual cult of creativity, often placing swagger over substance. New ideas were celebrated for their newness, for their potential; tried and true businesses like the pipelines were almost derided.
Libba Bray, The Diviners|If my liver cared enough, it would have told me to stop. - Jonathan "Jack" McVoy
Tom Clancy, Clear and Present Danger|God is in the business of strategically positioning us in the right place at the right time. A sense of destiny is our birthright as followers of Christ. God is awfully good at getting us where He wants us to go. But here’s the catch: The right place often seems like the wrong place, and the right time often seems like the wrong time.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|One final thought. In the years leading up to my trial, whenever I was caught in bumper-to-bumper traffic on the highway leading to my cottage, creeping along behind a battered, rust eaten pick-up truck with a sticker on its rear bumper that read JESUS SAVES, I used to think don't count on it, buster. Now I am no longer sure.
Alexa Jade|The world is a spheroid, designed to never end. We can explore it without limits, and we will have not end.
Lewis Black|We're running the most dangerous experiment in history right now, which is to see how much carbon dioxide the atmosphere... can handle before there is an environmental catastrophe.
Clara Barton|Liberty cannot be established without morality, nor morality without faith.
King Alfred the Great|Very often it has come to my mind what men of learning there were formerly throughout England..and how nowadays...we would have to seek them outside...Thanks be to God Almighty that we now have any supply of teachers at all!...As often as you can, free yourself from worldly affairs so that you may apply that wisdom which God gave you wherever you can. Remember what punishments befell us in this world when we ourselves didn't cherish learning nor transmit it to other men.
D. L. Hughley|I used to think that everything was just being funny but now I don't know. I mean, how can you tell?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Holy solitude, Holy peace.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|A rugged-looking fellow with long, curly black hair loosened his jaw by repeating the phrase, “red leather, yellow leather, red leather, yellow leather.” I wondered if that was a secret exercise actors did before kissing scenes [Cram, Cusi, "‘One Life to Live’ and 14 Beautiful Boys to Kiss," Cafe, January 14, 2015].
Dwight D. Eisenhower|God will give us the strength to be able to handle things. I mean, you can try to do it on your own, and sometimes you can pull off some stuff, but in the long run, it's much easier with Him by our side.
Gnash|I tell a student that the most important class you can take is technique. A great chef is first a great technician. 'If you are a jeweler, or a surgeon or a cook, you have to know the trade in your hand. You have to learn the process. You learn it through endless repetition until it belongs to you.
Jonathan Tropper, The Book of Joe|Everyone always wants to know how you can tell when it's true love, and the answer is this: when the pain doesn't fade and the scars don't heal, and it's too damned late.
Tracey Bond|Online & social media subscribers are hungry for content, but when newsfeeding them for growth, try not to get them juiced up for more email junk they’ll trash over trunk…quality over quantity is the preferred principle thing!
Jonathan Leaf, The Politically Incorrect Guide to the Sixties|Take just one well-known event: The Beatles' 1964 appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show. This has been depicted with astonishing regularity as a pivotal cultural moment; in fact an entire movie -- I Wanna Hold Your Hand -- was built around it. And that Sullivan episode was indeed a major event in popular culture. But did you know that in 1961, 26 million people watched a CBS live broadcast of the first performance of a new symphony by classical composer Aaron Copland? Moreover, with all the attention that sixties rock groups receive, it may come as a surprise to learn that My Fair Lady was Columbia Records' biggest-selling album before the 1970s, beating out those of sixties icons Bob Dylan, Janis Joplin and The Byrds.
Adam Gopnik|This is surely the most significant of the elements that Tolkien brought to fantasy.... his arranged marriage between the Elder Edda and "The Wind in the Willows"--big Icelandic romance and small-scale, cozy English children's book. The story told by "The Lord of the Rings" is essentially what would happen if Mole and Ratty got drafted into the Nibelungenlied.
Candace Parker|I was lucky. A lot of people have that. People that don't tell you what you want to hear, but what's best for you. I was blessed with great friends. I was always blessed that way. My dad always kept good people around me. I just got lucky. Because of the spotlight you're in, people are scared to tell you otherwise.
Nikolai A. Berdyaev|God desires that man should be. God does not wish to be alone. The meaning of existence is the conquest of loneliness, the acquisition of kinship and nearness.
David F. Wells|In fact, when we listen to the church today, at least in the West, we are often left with impression that Christianity actually has very little to do with truth. Christianity is only about feeling better about ourselves, about leaping over our difficulties, about being more satisfied, about have better relationships, about getting on with our mothers-in-law, about understanding teenage rebellion, about coping with our unreasonable bosses, about finding greater sexual satisfaction, about getting rich, about receiving our own private miracles, and much else besides. It is about everything except truth. And yet this truth, personally embodied in Christ, gives us a place to stand in order to deal with the complexities of life, such as broken relations, teenage rebellion, and job insecurities. 
John Mackey|The sway of alcohol over mankind is unquestionably due to its power to stimulate the mystical faculties of human nature, usually crushed to earth by the cold facts and dry criticisms of the sober hour.
Matt Bomer|We're told that to be fly, you gotta have a fly car, the rims on your wheels, the fly jewels, and that to work a regular job and make legal money is uncool.
Enza Vita|Whatever experiences we may come across in our spiritual journey we are not any of those experiences but rather the one who is witnessing them, the pure awareness cognizing them without thought.
Israelmore Ayivor|When you are close to Christ, you are enclosed in liberty. You can never be intimidated by man if you are intimate with Christ.
Aga Khan, Where Hope Takes Root: Democracy and Pluralism in an Interdependent World|Government in our democracy, state and national, must be neutral in matters of religious theory, doctrine, and practice. It may not be hostile to any religion or to the advocacy of no-religion; and it may not aid, foster, or promote one religion or religious theory against another or even against the militant opposite. The First Amendment mandates governmental neutrality between religion and religion, and between religion and nonreligion.[Epperson v. Arkansas, 393 U.S. 97, 1968.]
Margaret Cho|Ballet found me, I guess you could say. I was discovered by a teacher in middle school. I always danced my whole life. I never had any training, never was exposed to seeing dance, but I always had something inside of me. I would love to choreograph and dance around.
Thomas Carlyle|We have no government and no laws, if by law is meant a stereotyped convention supported by force, and not to be altered without the aid of cumbersome machinery.
Nikki Sex, Abuse|Art is by nature aristocratic, and naturally selective in its effect on the audience. For even in its 'collective' manifestations, like theatre or cinema, its effect is bound up with the intimate emotions of each person who comes into contact with a work. The more the individual is traumatised and gripped by these emotions, the more significant a place will the work have in his experience.The aristocratic nature of art, however does not in any way absolve the artist of his responsibility to his public and even, if you like, more broadly, to people in general. On the contrary, because of his special awareness of his time and of the world in which he lives, the artist becomes the voice of those who cannot formulate or express their view of reality. In that sense the artist is indeed vox populi. That is why he is called to serve his own talent, which means serving his people.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The great, like stars, are not afraid of dark times for that is when they shine the brightest.
Lionel Shriver, The Post-Birthday World|When he told me he no longer loved me, I fell to my knees.
Karen Marie Moning, Beyond the Highland Mist|You loved me.”It wasn’t a question, but he answered it readily. “I do. More than life. My heart. I didn’t just pick a sweet turn of phrase to name you, but spoke from my soul when I named you thus. Without my heart I couldn’t live. And I couldn’t breathe without you.”“Are you a man who has more than one heart?”“Nay. Only this one. But it’s bitter and dark now from the pain I’ve brought you.
W.E.B. Du Bois, Dusk of Dawn|There is but one coward on earth, and that is the coward that dare not know.
Becky Wade, Her One and Only|In books, sometimes the foreshadowing is so obvious that you know what’s going to happen. But knowing what happens isn’t the same as knowing how it happens. Getting there is the best part.
Cathy Drew. Poet|Every Moment of your life is a new Page in your Book. Some Sentences you can’t change, even whole Pages. But you decide how your Book ends.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|Do something purposeful and wise so that when God sent his blessings, they will fall on it.
Mark Twain|Dates are hard to remember because they consist of figures; figures are monotonously unstriking in appearance, and they don't take hold, they form no pictures, and so they give the eye no chance to help. Pictures are the thing. Pictures can make dates stick.
Zig Ziglar|You were born to win, but to be a winner you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.
Pat Buchanan|Pop culture shapes our ideas of what is normal and what our dreams can be and what our roles are. Politics, of course, decides how the power and the money in the country is distributed. Both are equally important, and each affects the other.
Gary Shteyngart, The Russian Debutante's Handbook|Perhaps the most irrational fashion act of all was the male habit for 150 years of wearing wigs. Samuel Pepys, as with so many things, was in the vanguard, noting with some apprehension the purchase of a wig in 1663 when wigs were not yet common. It was such a novelty that he feared people would laugh at him in church; he was greatly relieved, and a little proud, to find that they did not. He also worried, not unreasonably, that the hair of wigs might come from plague victims. Perhaps nothing says more about the power of fashion than that Pepys continued wearing wigs even while wondering if they might kill him.
Douglas Coupland, The Gum Thief|...we're told by TV and Reader's Digest that a crisis will trigger massive personal change--and that those big changes will make the pain worthwhile. But from what he could see, big change almost never happens. People simply feel lost. They have no idea what to say or do or feel or think. they become messes and tend to remain messes.
Christie Brinkley|My take is that the optimal approach to food, for health and ethical reasons, may be vegetarianism.
David Foster Wallace, This Is Water: Some Thoughts, Delivered on a Significant Occasion, about Living a Compassionate Life|Think of the old cliché about the mind being 'an excellent servant but a terrible master'. This, like many clichés, so lame & banal on the surface, actually expresses a great & terrible truth.
Compton Gage|Thou hast given a right judgment, but why judge thou not thyself also?
Lenny Ramirez|Refrain from being selfish to others, instead make some friend and stand up with dignity.
Richard Castle|The thing was, if I had found a way to escape- even for just a little while- I knew the pain would be there waiting for me when I got back.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Be yourself! Don’t be somebody! Be humble to authority, but be assertive! Mind your solemn duty and responsibility to the Supreme God, for you shall give account to Him in the end! You were created uniquely, mind your mind! Mind the things that can change your mindset, and mind people! People are always alert to do all things possible to change your mind set. They wish you become the reason for their joy even if it causes you an inner pain! They wish you halt a purposeful journey. They wish you look and see, hear and listen, think and act, as they do! Their joy is to see you being like them, and their sorrow and envy is to see you living your true you! Be yourself! If only you living your true you please God, no problem exists! Just be yourself and mind your mind!
Allie Brosh, Hyperbole and a Half: Unfortunate Situations, Flawed Coping Mechanisms, Mayhem, and Other Things That Happened|But when you're concerned that the miserable, boring wasteland in front of you might stretch all the way into forever, not knowing feels strangely hope-like.
Soar, Yours, poetically: Special Deluxe Edition of Selected Poems and Quotes|But when I think of us,in the quiet when I'm on my own,I think of Beauty and the Beast.I, being the beast, and you being the last beautiful thing in this city.
Christine Pope, Breath of Life|If money is all that a man makes, then he will be poor — poor in happiness, poor in all that makes life worth living.
Deanna Raybourn, Silent on the Moor|What virtue is there in a man who demonstrates goodness because he has been bred to it? It is his habit from youth. But a man who has known unkindness and want, for him to be kind and charitable to those who have been the cause of his misfortunes, that is a virtuous man.
Alfred North Whitehead|Art is the imposing of a pattern on experience, and our aesthetic enjoyment is recognition of the pattern.
W.D. Frank|The White Hand did not fry all the brain. He fried somefrom the right hemisphere and some from the left. Theremaining brain, The White Hand wrapped in tin foil,carefully. Tomorrow is, after all, another day, and food should be keptin storage so it won’t go bad.
Amy Harmon, Making Faces|...There's a lot I don't understand...but not understanding is better not believing" - Ambrose
John Boyd Orr|The labour movement had the best opportunity in 50 years to transform not merely an industrial situation and win an important battle for workers in struggle, but an opportunity to change the government of the day.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Grab the best deals for kids in Sacramento on amusement parks, child care centers, field trips, camping trips and many more only with Sacramento4Kids.
Sara Evans, Softly and Tenderly|If you obey God with your whole heart, you'll usually scare off the folks who want you to obey them.
Elizabeth Morgan, The Collector|Do you truly feel that she is worth your wings?”He smiled. “What good are my wings, friend, when I can hold theworld in my arms?
Anna Getty|You can make sure your kids make their beds and hang up their clothes and put their dishes in the dishwasher when you're the one calling the shots. So, parenting alone, for me anyway, I think is almost easier, being single.
Lorrie Moore, Anagrams|They had, finally, the only thing anyone really wants in life: someone to hold your hand when you die.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Nico scowled. ‘It’s none of your business, but I don’t belong. That’s obvious. No one wants me. I’m a child of –’ ‘Oh, please.’ Will sounded unusually angry. ‘Nobody at Camp Half-Blood ever pushed you away. You have friends – or at least people who would like to be your friend. You pushed yourself away. If you’d get your head out of that brooding cloud of yours for once –
Brenna Yovanoff|Reluctantly, he put his hand up to the cold glass. That odd tingling sensation raced through his body again. His ears began to hum and his head felt strange and heavy. Beneath his touch, the glass seemed to soften and his fingers made small indentions in the surface. ~ "The Mirror
Camron Wright, The Rent Collector|Before he got too far, he thought he smelled a fire.No sooner did he blink before he sensed something dire.He heard a sound and froze, danger tickling his nose.His ears perked up as tiny cries of capture rose.
Pamela Adlon|I started working at the age of 2, doing commercials and modeling in New York.
Stephen King, UR|Be warned - Hammond does tend to be a bit optimistic about these kind of things. If the army were made up of one-legged mutes, he would praise their balance and their listening skills.
Jean Faustin Louembe|In a crisis, time was always the enemy.
Ursula K. Le Guin|The truly strong person is not the one who never needs help, but the one who can ask for it when he does
David Zindell|Saji has had things done to people who crossed him or whom he has perceived as crossing him. Ugly things. These guys we're meeting? They think they're tough. They run book, own strip clubs, dabble in petty theft and probably sell dope for all I know and they're comfortable in that world, thinking they own it. That arrogance? That feeling that they can just push people around and do anything they want? It has left them with one foot in the grave and they don't even know it.
Jerry Bridges, The Pursuit of Holiness|But we need to pray daily for humility and honesty to see these sinful attitudes for that they really are, and then for grace and discipline to root them out of our minds and replace them with thoughts pleasing to God.
Pamela Cummins, Psychic Wisdom on Love and Relationships|Empower Yourself, Empower Your Relationships
Aidan Chambers, The Toll Bridge|If we try to measure Now, we find it's always gone, has become part of the past.
Thelonious Monk|They hate you not because of what you have done but because of who you are; you are different from who they are, and you are occupying the ground they want for themselves.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Night Flight|If a composer suffers from loss of sleep and his sleeplessness induces him to turn out masterpieces, what a profitable loss it is!
Jason Reitman|[With comedy and wanting to make people laugh,] when you're a child, all you want is ANY kind of laugh. You get them to laugh, and great! - you've succeeded. And then it's "How FAST can I get them to laugh?" "How LONG can I get them to laugh?", "How HARD can I get them to laugh?". And then it becomes: "Can I laugh at something that makes them uncomfortable?", "Can I get them to laugh at something that challenges their beliefs?
Lillian Gregory|Money can merely buy/acquire/get you what is already available. Without it one has an unlimited opportunity to innovate and create anything,
Jonny Steinberg, Thin Blue: The Unwritten Rules of Policing South Africa|Life is like a boxing match, it seems, society has not been able to abolish human sadness, no political system can deliver us from the pain of living, from our fear of crime
C. S. Lewis|Just do what must be done. This may not be happiness, but it is greatness.
Santosh Lamichhane, Porridge Eaters and Gruel Drinkers: A Nepali Poetry Collection|Karibu, dada wangu. Hapa, wewe ni nyumbani. Welcome, my sister. Here, you are home. Home. And to this home, may you always return.
Thomas A. Edison|I am more afraid of my own heart than of the pope and all his cardinals. I have within me the great pope, Self.
Akinwumi jarule|We are all born wise. Unfortunately, we all don’t die that way.
Derrick Rose|I was brought up bilingual, but there came a point where my mom went back to work and I got a white babysitter, so sadly I lost it. Now I can understand Spanish and put words together, but I don't speak it fluently. I'm ashamed of that.
Grace May North, Rilla of the Lighthouse|Duck wasn't sure if it was optimism or fantasy, but hope had been such uncharted waters for him recently that he was having difficulty navigating them.
Matsuri Hino|If you don't do anything, you simply end up overwhelmed by something happening.
Alan Rogers, Lyam's Journal|If you enjoy sticking a straw in a dog's ear, don't sit next to the pooch with a milkshake.
Wole Soyinka, The Last Summer of Reason|If peace is to come to earth through change in man's environment, instead of through change in man himself, it will never come. -- Philip Mauro in "The Number of Man the Climax of Civilization
H. G. Wells|We must realise that man's nature will remain the same so long as he remains man; that civilisation is but a slight coverlet beneath which the dominant beast sleeps lightly and ever ready to awake. To preserve civilisation, we must deal scientifically with the brute element, using only genuine biological principles.
Tim Berners-Lee|When Steve Jobs toured Xerox PARC and saw computers running the first operating system that used Windows and a mouse, he assumed he was looking at a new way to work a personal computer. He brought the concept back to Cupertino and created the Mac, then Bill Gates followed suit, and the rest is history.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Meat!" he said scornfully. "I'm a vegetarian."You eat cheese enchiladas and aluminum cans," I reminded him.Those are vegetables.
Rachel Hartman, Seraphina|I MAY HAVE ALLOWED MYSELF SOME FLICKER OF EMOTION IN THE RECENT PAST, said Death, BUT I CAN GIVE IT UP ANY TIME I LIKE.
Algernon Blackwood, Best Ghost Stories of Algernon Blackwood|It was the deepest part of the night. There was a name for it that I couldn’t remember – that mystical black hour where all is darkest and you can’t sleep, when the weight of all your sorrows and bad decisions come weighing on you most heavily, and when the monsters scratch just outside your door.
Karan Mahajan|In some ways, I missed my era because I'm big and messy and have big feelings and take up space on a stage rather than being diminutive and childlike in my woman-ness.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Never keep staring at the dreams you have on the paper... Don't just live like a spectator. You have the power, you have the mine, you have the skills, you can dribble your obstacles to get your goals moving to the other
Robert Jeffress|I believe to go along to get along is unpatriotic. I believe that agreeing with your government on everything they do is unpatriotic. I believe a patriot stands up and holds your government's feet to the fire. Because if you do that, you will get good government.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|This is my real bed-rock objection to the eastern systems. They decry all manly virtue as dangerous and wicked, and they look upon Nature as evil. True enough, everything is evil relatively to Adonai; for all stain is impurity. A bee's swarm is evil — inside one's clothes. "Dirt is matter in the wrong place." It is dirt to connect sex with statuary, morals with art.Only Adonai, who is in a sense the True Meaning of everything, cannot defile any idea. This is a hard saying, though true, for nothing of course is dirtier than to try and use Adonai as a fig-leaf for one's shame.To seduce women under the pretense of religion is unutterable foulness; though both adultery and religion are themselves clean. To mix jam and mustard is a messy mistake.
L. Frank Baum, The Master Key|I have always derived great comfort from William Shakespeare. After a depressing visit to the mirror or an unkind word from a girlfriend or an incredulous stare in the street, I say to myself: 'Well. Shakespeare looked like shit.' It works wonders.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The church in America has been deeply infiltrated by the “world,” and in the process it is beginning to copy and resemble the world in many of its activities.
Frank Delaney, The Matchmaker of Kenmare|My proceeds from the PayPal acquisition were $180 million. I put $100 million in SpaceX, $70m in Tesla, and $10m in Solar City. I had to borrow money for rent.
Phil Hewitt, Keep on Running: The Highs and Lows of a Marathon Addict|[Running] is a hard, simple calculus: Run until you can’t run anymore. Then run some more. Find a new source of energy and will. Then run even faster.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Prayer is powerful, but if our prayers are aimless, meaningless, and mingled with doubt, they will be of little hope to us.
Sydney Pollack|Private sector labor market flows provide additional indications of the strength of the labor market. For example, the quits rate has tended to be pro-cyclical, since more workers voluntarily quit their jobs when they are more confident about their ability to find new ones and when firms are competing more actively for new hires.
George Washington|Each one of us has our own evolution of life, and each one of us goes through different tests which are unique and challenging. But certain things are common. And we do learn things from each other's experience. On a spiritual journey, we all have the same destination.
Natalie Portman|The introduction of religious passion into politics is the end of honest politics, and the introduction of politics into religion is the prostitution of true religion.
Jaymin Eve, Trickery(Curse of the Gods)|I still didn’t turn. Instead, I just listened really hard. I couldn’t tell where he was standing anymore, but I could sense that he was still there somewhere. Well obviously … because he didn’t exactly jump out of the window.
Elizabeth Inchbald, A Simple Story|For the hackneyed art of lying without injury to anyone, Rushbrook, to his shame, was proficient.
Frances Hodgson Burnett|I am writing in the garden. To write as one should of a garden one must write not outside it or merely somewhere near it, but in the garden.
Paul Russell, The Coming Storm|I look up in the sky, what do I see? Well blue.
Clifton Adams|Annie Taliaferro had that hammerhead look about her, like a breachy range cow, or a bunch-quitting steer.
Zadie Smith|It would be superfluous todrive us mad, my dear Watson
Asa Don Brown|Now, with regard to the people who have done things we call "terrorism," I'm confident they have been expressing their pain in many different ways for thirty years or more. Instead of our empathically receiving it when they expressed it in much gentler ways -- they were trying to tell us how hurt they felt that some of their most sacred needs were not being respected by the way we were trying to meet our economic and military needs -- they got progressively more agitated. Finally, they got so agitated that it took horrible form.
Rossana Condoleo|Intrinsic values and qualities are age-free. For example, social competencies or a good heart.
Mehmet Murat ildan|One of the lowest creatures on earth is the politician who tries to eliminate his political rivals using unlawful methods and even violence! To halt the march of such demonic people, never use the same immoral methods, because to defeat a poisonous snake you don’t have to be a poisonous snake yourself!
Terry Pratchett, Monstrous Regiment|How can you protect yourself by carrying a sword if you don’t know how to use it?’Not me, sir. Other people. They see the sword and don’t attack me,’ said Maladict patiently.Yes, but if they did, lad, you wouldn’t be any good with it,’ said the sergeant.No, sir. I’d probably settle for just ripping their heads off, sir. That’s what I mean by protection, sir. Theirs, not mine. And I’d get hell from the League if I did that, sir.
Karim El Koussa, Jesus the Phoenician|Happy Easter to you, my friend!This day’s light shall have no end.For Christ did riseIn the golden mornAnd by His life are we reborn.Happy Easter to one and all!The night is over, the sun is tall.The day did break with a tiny beamAnd flooded life with Light supreme.
Aubrey Beardsley|Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|There are places where you can live only when you are healthy, in those places when you fall ill it's the end of you for most people there can’t afford medical care.
Vivian Vande Velde, Remembering Raquel|My dear Mrs. Ali, I would hardly refer to you as old," he said. "You are in what I would call the very prime flowering of mature womanhood." It was a little grandiose but he hoped to surprise a blush. Instead she laughed out loud at him. "I have never heard anyone try to trowel such a thick layer of flattery on the wrinkles and fat deposits of advanced middle age, Major," she said. "I am fifty-eight years old and I think I have slipped beyond flowering. I can only hope now to dry out into one of those everlasting bouquets.
Michael Pollan, The Botany of Desire: A Plant's-Eye View of the World|Goods are traded, but services are consumed and produced in the same place. And you cannot export a haircut. But we are coming close to exporting a haircut, the appointment part. What kind of haircut do you want? Which barber do you want? All those things can and will be done by a call center far away.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If we are at peace with this world, it may be because we have sold out to it and compromised with it.
Debasish Mridha|Let us be loving, be kind, be simple, be silly, be happy.
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|Danger is a good teacher, and makes apt scholars. So are disgrace, defeat, exposure to immediate scorn and laughter. There is no opportunity in such cases for self-delusion, no idling time away, no being off your guard (or you must take the consequences) - neither is there any room for humour or caprice or prejudice.
T-Pain|Okay, let's talk about cartoon labels for half a second - some people think anything with a dog or a car or a colorful alien is garbage, which is not true. Look at Big Moose Red. It's, like, a $6 wine with a cheesy label, and it's actually a solid wine.
Debasish Mridha|We always fail to recognize when we are at fault, but we are always eager to blame others.
RVM|When the toughest of problems strike me, I just remind myself that God is on my side.
Janusz Korwin-Mikke|Yeah, it always amazes me how quickly people turn into good little socialists when they run out of their stuff. As long as they have something, it's theirs. Let them run out, and you need to share.
Lois Farfel Stark, The Telling Image: Shapes of Changing Times|We form a mental map, and then that shape, shapes us
Tadao Ando|Showing young children in these communities, that there are outlets for their feelings, that there is room in a space for their stories to be told, and that they will be applauded - and it's not about ego, it's about connection: that their pain is everybody else's pain.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|The great principle of out-of-door relief is, to give the paupers exactly what they don't want; and then they get tired of coming.
Sol Luckman, Beginner's Luke|The human race is one of the few creatures whom can cry tears. If you look at us we are running around like small insects—all submerged in our own important errands. Everyone blind of whats going on underneath their own noses. We can be compassionate as well as evil. We can love and we can destroy. I will always wonder how the same creature can do both. Oxymoron.” Everything Changes, Always.
Martijn Benders|Writing is easy. Writing is hard. It's a breeze and a struggle, just like life.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|If you’re trapped in a cage, you don’t want to start being grateful for the protection of the bars. You need to be grateful that there are gaps in between them so you can see what’s on the other side.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We’ve yet to comprehend the impervious reality that to gain ‘life’ we have to do the most scandalous thing imaginable, and that is to work ‘against’ the whole of our humanity and give everything away. And yet to give everything away is to work ‘with’ the whole of God’s character.
Davis Carlson|The fear that we are going to fail in life is really the fear that we are not good enough for whatever we have to do. Be yourself and you will be able to do anything you want. Let the soul within you be itself and you will never fail. Don't boast, but understand that letting your light shine invites others to do the same.
Thomas Hardy|If Galileo had said in verse that the world moved, the inquisition might have let him alone.
Tony Dungy|Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it be morrow.
Clara Winter, Tintagel|They were no longer standing the way he'd stood them, no longer engaged in the glorious basking that overwhelmed him on the headland. They were leaning toward the light now, craning toward it. He’d been dead wrong about the blitheness. The buttercups now seemed to know — to understand with that purely physical knowledge that all living things possess — that something was wrong. Their craning was like a cry: they were calling out with all the body language they possessed for a life or a place they had no minds with which to remember.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The concept of reconciliation is not irretrievable, but I am convinced that before we theologians can interpret the depths of the divine action of reconciliation we must first articulate the profound deformities of Christian intimacy and identity in modernity. Until we do, all theological discussions of reconciliation will be exactly what they tend to be: (a) ideological tools for facilitating negotiations of power; or (b) socially exhausted idealist claims masquerading as serious theological accounts. In truth, it is not at all clear that most Christians are ready to imagine reconciliation.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|People tell you to believe in yourself for your whole life, then call you arrogant when you begin taking their advice.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Yesterday, I was clever, I wanted to be rich. Today, I am wise, I want to be happy.
William Wells Brown|A dream will always triumph over reality, once it is given the chance.
Maz Jobrani|I wish more Americans would travel here. I always encourage my friends: 'Travel. See the Middle East. There's so much to see, so many good people.' And it's vice versa, and it helps stop problems of misunderstanding and stereotypes from happening.
Charles Sheehan-Miles, A Song for Julia|...Love is easy, falling in love is even easier, but letting that love go, is the most difficult thing you’ll ever have to do. Some of us never let it go andsometimes it takes a while to realize what you want. But your heart will always have the right answer in the end. You just have to figure out what it’stelling you.
Stephen M. Irwin, The Dead Path|Simon hated her for that. Perhaps it was automatic. Her appearance alone made her different from him, and human beings had always feared and hated anyone who was different. Two thousand years of history saw it being repeated over and over, the perpetual struggle of one race, or tribe, or creed, against another... each one thinking they were right, superior, morally justified, or chosen by God. Simon saw himself as normal, Laura as abnormal.
Wes Adamson|Rather than a vanity paycheck it feels better to give something of far more value than entertainment or money. Sometimes gifts can be priceless like that of love which is everything, connection, inspiration, devotion, attention, purpose…
Winston S. Churchill|It was like when we were little kids and we played games on the ivy-covered hillside in the backyard. We were warriors and wizards and angels and high elves and that was our reality. If someone said, Isn’t it cute, look at them playing, we would have smiled back, humoring them, but it wasn’t playing. It was transformation. It was our own world. Our own rules.
Amit Kalantri|This is what made the difference, they used social networking for entertainment and I used it for business.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|To become different from what we are, we must have some awareness of what we are.
Dick Schaap|I love extreme sports, I like snowboarding and motorcross and rollerblading and hockey.
Bertrand De Jouvenel, On Power|We are ending where the savages began. We have found again the lost arts of starving non-combatants, burning hovels, and leading away the vanquished into slavery. Barbarian invasions would be superfluous: we are our own Huns.
Carla H. Krueger, Coma House|He remembers how someone – he forgets who – once said in a sarcastic tone, “Isn’t she just Little Miss Sweetness and Light?” – and it was a statement that put him off proposing. It made him seriously reassess his options. He didn’t want to be with someone others saw as overly-moral because he has flaws, he has weaknesses. How would his mistakes compare to her virtuousness? She used to dislike the competitiveness at work, the way she claimed she could never really make friends with anyone because everything was always so fake and cut-throat and he used to berate her for it, used to tell her to accept it, to realise the truth about life and relationships – but she wouldn’t take it. She was always thinking too hard about everything, always questioning her motives. Surely, if he’d married her, she’d have started questioning his.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|I hope you never hear those words. Your mom. She died. They are different than other words. They are too big to fit in your ears. They belong to some strange, heavy, powerful language that pounds away at the side of your head, a wrecking ball coming at you again and again, until finally, the words crack a hole large enough to fit inside your brain. And in so doing, they split you apart. 
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|And where love ends, hate begins
Emily Dickinson|Attachment and aversion are the root cause of karma, and karma originates from infatuation. Karma is the root cause of birth and death, and these are said to be the source of misery. None can escape the effect of their own past karma.
Alice Hoffman, Property Of|Because though women lie when they have to and men lie all the time, the mirror always tells the truth.
Dada Bhagwan|If you are visiting someone and his wife feeds you a wonderful meal, you should be grateful but you should not wish that it would be nice if she could go home with you. Having such intents towards food and eating leads one to become increasingly possessed with turmoil (worldly suffering). This is why the Lord has said for us to enjoy but not become the enjoyer, to do something which we like but do not become habituated about it.
Tara Brach, Radical Acceptance: Embracing Your Life With the Heart of a Buddha|We must be free, but to have real freedom, you must be wild and free yourself.
Indeewara Jayawardane|i am happy that to have or not to have a "leffe" is not the need of the hour in my mid thirthies. A liittle bit of more lighthearted luff left.
bell hooks|Since men are not equals in white supremacist, capitalist, patriarchal class structure, which men do women want to be equal to?
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Wilted or in bloom,taking or lending daylight,the world transitions.
Mikhail Kalashnikov|If voting changed anything, they'd make it illegal.
Marty Rubin|While the Zionists try to make the rest of the World believe that the national consciousness of the Jew finds its satisfaction in the creation of a Palestinian state, the Jews again slyly dupe the dumb Goyim. It doesn't even enter their heads to build up a Jewish state in Palestine for the purpose of living there; all they want is a central organisation for their international world swindler, endowed with its own sovereign rights and removed from the intervention of other states: a haven for convicted scoundrels and a university for budding crooks. It is a sign of their rising confidence and sense of security that at a time when one section is still playing the German, French-man, or Englishman, the other with open effrontery comes out as the Jewish race.
Louise Rennison, Away Laughing on a Fast Camel|I am in the prime of my womanhood, nunga-nungas poised and trembling (attractively). Lips puckered up and in peak condition for a snogging fest.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|He turned and sauntered out of my cell, knowing I would do exactly what he said--just like I always did when he threatened with the life of my brother.
Eva Green|Dreams are true while they last, and do we not live in dreams?
Mehmet Murat ildan|It is curious to note that when for reasons of conscience, people refuse to kill, they are often exempted from active military duty. But there are no exemptions for people who, for reasons of conscience, refuse to financially support the bureaucracy that actually does the killing. Apparently, the state takes money more seriously than life.
Salman Rushdie|I used to be mad when they called me crazy, until I realized that in those moment they consider me insane I was following my heart, doing what makes me happy and most of all being myself.so now when I am called crazy I take it as a great compliment because it's a confirmation that I'm living my best life.
Karen Tei Yamashita, Tropic of Orange|Time could heal, but it wouldn't make wrongs go away. Time came back like a reminder. Time folded with memory. In a moment, everything could fold itself up, and time stand still.
Linda Alfiori, The Art of Loving Again: How to More Intelligently Start Again After a Breakup, Divorce and the Death of a Loved One|But the truth is you don't always know you're getting a divorce. For years, you're married. Then, one day, the concept of divorce enters your head. It sits there for a while. You lean toward it and then you lean away. You make lists. You calculate how much it will cost. You tote up grievances, and pluses and minuses.
Brad Feld|I travel all the time, but when I come back to the South, I see such progress. In a real sense, a great deal of the South has been redeemed. People feel freer, more complete, more whole, because of what happened in the movement.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|It is a matter of mere coincidence that there is often a real individual who corresponds with a celebrity, signifies them.
Lewis Thomas, Late Night Thoughts on Listening to Mahler's Ninth Symphony|The earth in its rapid motion round the sun possesses a degree of living force so vast that, if turned into the equivalent of heat, its temperature would be rendered at least one thousand times greater than that of red-hot iron, and the globe on which we tread would in all probability be rendered equal in brightness to the sun itself.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|He has fought many battles with us" (Jace) By which you mean one battle" muttered Simon. "Two if you count the one I was a rat
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|Crime scenes of pure sex, thorns on her body, blow-dry.
Abigail Barnette, The Girlfriend|One day, while life is being incredible and interesting, I’m going to die.
Marsiglio of Padua, The Defender of the Peace|The world has never had a good definition of the word liberty, and the American people, just now, are much in want of one. We all declare for liberty; but in using the same word we do not all mean the same thing. With some the word liberty may mean for each man to do as he pleases with himself, and the product of his labor; while with others the same word may mean for some men to do as they please with other men, and the product of other men’s labor. Here are two, not only different, but incompatible things, called by the same name, liberty. And it follows that each of the things is, by the respective parties, called by two different and incompatible names, liberty and tyranny. The shepherd drives the wolf from the sheep’s throat, for which the sheep thanks the shepherd as a liberator, while the wolf denounces him for the same act as the destroyer of liberty, especially as the sheep was a black one. Plainly the sheep and the wolf are not agreed upon a definition of the word liberty.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Creating art is paradoxical because an artist seeks to express truth by penetrating and destroying illusions. Art is always the outpouring of a mind striving to achieve the impossible reconciliation of all the fragmented shards that make people human: frivolous amusements, idle moments, feelings of tenderness and pain, stored memories, future expectations, and unquenchable thirst to experience love and witness beauty.
Christian Baloga|Pay no attention to toxic words. What people say is often a reflection of themselves, not you.
Mike Tyson|There is an invisible strength within us; when it recognizes two opposing objects of desire, it grows stronger.
Catherynne M. Valente, In the Night Garden|However wretched her origins, she chose freely to continue her crimes against us from the moment she woke to this life. It is easy to forgive beautiful women, especially when they lay a sorrowful tale before you like a sugar-dusted meal. It does not mean they deserve forgiveness.
Agatha Christie, Murder in Mesopotamia|After all, perhaps dirt isn't really so unhealthy as one is brought up to believe.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|You, Jane, I must have you for my own--entirely my own.
Patrul Rinpoche|The truth is, that in all cases a certain number at least seems to be necessary to secure the benefits of free consultation and discussion, and to guard against too easy a combination for improper purposes; as, on the other hand, the number ought at most to be kept within a certain limit, in order to avoid the confusion and intemperance of a multitude. In all very numerous assemblies, of whatever character composed, passion never fails to wrest the sceptre from reason. Had every Athenian citizen been a Socrates, every Athenian assembly would still have been a mob.
Monty Hall|Actually, I'm an overnight success. But it took twenty years.
Harvey Pekar|To me, patriotism is about working ethically and wholeheartedly in our chosen field.
Sunday Adelaja|Actually, before creating a family, it is necessary for a person to be already happy
Deyth Banger|Every pill change your personality, as much you take as more you become different character.
Matthew Kelly|If you don't know what you want form life, everything will appear either as an obstacle or a burden. But one of the greatest lessons of history is that the whole world gets out of the way for people who know what they want or where they are going. Be assure, if you don't know where you are going, you are lost.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz|Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil.
Chrissy Moon, DayDreamer|It hurts to get things out in the open, but it hurts even more not to.
Laura Busche, Powering Content: Building a Nonstop Content Marketing Machine|We are faced with the incredible challenge of creating high quality content for a crowd of skimmers. The faster you understand this, the more effective your content tactics will become.
Gautama Buddha|Those who attempt to conquer hatred by hatred are like warriors who take weapons to overcome others who bear arms. This does not end hatred, but gives it room to grow. But, ancient wisdom has advocated a different timeless strategy to overcome hatred. This eternal wisdom is to meet hatred with non-hatred. The method of trying to conquer hatred through hatred never succeeds in overcoming hatred. But, the method of overcoming hatred through non-hatred is eternally effective. That is why that method is described as eternal wisdom. 
Bern Williams|NOTHING IS STRONGER THAN THE RESILIENCE OF THE HUMAN SPIRIT. (found in an ad at Goodreads, but similar to the following quote by Bern Williams) : Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.
King Abdullah II|If you believe that the killing of innocent people is right, then you are not part of my future.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If a quote changes your life in a good way, keep it in your mind and in your heart to give it to someone else too!
Garth Nix, Sabriel|Part of us did die. Literally - that tissue on your face, the part they removed. It died. And you can't recover from any kind of death without mourning it.
Kathi Appelt|There's something so great about being with your nephew and, when you're tired, just handing him off back to your sister.
Kristen Ashley, Rock Chick Renegade|Laws should act as the lower limits of acceptable behavior, not as a guide to noble action.
Thomas Lewis, A General Theory of Love|The United States alone sports an inventive spectrum of psychotherapeutic sects and schools: Freudians, Jungians, Kleinians; narrative, interpersonal, transpersonal therapists; cognitive, behavioral, cognitive-behavioral practitioners; Kohutians Rogerians, Kernbergians; aficionados of control mastery, hypnotherapy, neurolingustic programming, eye movement desensitization- that list does not even complete the top twenty. The disparate doctrines of these proliferative, radiating divisions, often reach mutually exclusive conclusions about therapeutic propriety: talk about this, not that; answer questions, or don’t; sit facing the patient, next to the patient, behind the patient. Yet no approach has ever proven its method superior to any other. Strip away a therapist’s orientation, the journal he reads, the books on his shelves, the meetings he attends- the cognitive framework his rational mind demands – and what is left to define the psychotherapy he conducts?Himself. The person of the therapist is the converting catalyst, not his order or credo, not his spatial location in the room, not his exquisitely chosen words or denominational silences. So long as the rules of a therapeutic system do not hinder limbic transmission - a critical caveat - they remain inconsequential, neocortical distractions. The dispensable trappings of dogma may determine what a therapist thinks he is doing, what he talks about when he talks about therapy, but the agent of change is who he is. (186/7)
Ottessa Moshfegh, Eileen|I’d never heard my parents make love. If they made love, they did it silently, like bank robbers, like surgeons.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|It's not that I don't believe you," Peter managed. "I'm sorry. It's just that...it's only a story.""Perhaps." She shrugged. "And perheps someday someone will say those very words about you, Peter. What do you say to that?
Sunday Adelaja|Indifference is one of the seven deadly sins, actually the greatestof them all, because it is the only one that sins against life.
Jean Piaget|Once I started to value and respect my characters, I could really hear them. I just let them start talking.
Elizabeth Carlton, The Royal Rogue|In the Village IIIWho has removed the typewriter from my desk,so that I am a musician without his pianowith emptiness ahead as clear and grotesqueas another spring? My veins bud, and I am sofull of poems, a wastebasket of black wire.The notes outside are visible; sparrows willline antennae like staves, the way springs were,but the roofs are cold and the great grey riverwhere a liner glides, huge as a winter hill,moves imperceptibly like the accumulatingyears. I have no reason to forgive herfor what I brought on myself. I am past hating,past the longing for Italy where blowing snowabsolves and whitens a kneeling mountain rangeoutside Milan. Through glass, I am waitingfor the sound of a bird to unhinge the beginningof spring, but my hands, my work, feel strangewithout the rusty music of my machine. No wordsfor the Arctic liner moving down the Hudson, for the mangeof old snow moulting from the roofs. No poems. No birds.
bell hooks, Feminism is for Everybody: Passionate Politics|Feminist thinking teaches us all, especially, how to love justice and freedom in ways that foster and affirm life.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Kindness is not a fixed trait that we either have or lack, but more like a muscle that can be developed and strengthened.
Osamu Dazai|The wound has gradually become dearer to me than my own flesh and blood, and I have thought its pain to be the emotion of the wound as it lived or even its murmur of affection
Maya Angelou|All in all, I just don't trust journalists - and I don't think it's a good practice for me to trust journalists.
Gayle Forman, If I Stay|But the you who you are tonight is the same you I was in love with yesterday, the same you I’ll be in love with tomorrow.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|The product of paper and printed ink, that we commonly call the book, is one of the great visible mediators between spirit and time, and, reflecting zeitgeist, lasts as long as ore and stone.
Emma Bonino|When I was about 6, my cousin was very active in a Filipino repertory company, doing musicals and plays. Her aunt was one of the founders of the company, and she told my mom that there were these auditions for 'The King and I,' and that they needed kids. I auditioned, got in and the love affair started from there and just kept going.
Jakub Bożydar Wiśniewski, The Pith of Life: Aphorisms in Honor of Liberty|Some of the toughest ayaat in the Quran have Allah's name "ar-Rahman" in them to make it clear that just because Allah is the Most Merciful, it doesn't mean He's not going to carry out justice.
Natasha Rendell, Nathon's Keys to Freedom|Give of your magic. Because if you do not give of your personal magic in a beautiful loving expressive way, then you are definitely losing the game of life and others are taking over. So be yourself. Let the magic of yourself begin to shine through. Not in a bombastic way, but in a sincere feeling way. You are a sovereign soul who is capable of filling the world with something different by adding your consciousness to this world and giving something special - your uniqueness.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|If I must have regrets, I Pray that all of them are for fearlessly jumping in with both feet, rather than for having never sampled the water at all.
Ishmael Reed|What is the American fetish about highways?They want to get somewhere, LaBas offers.Because something is after them, Black Herman adds.But what is after them?They are after themselves. They call it destiny. Progress.
Dean Koontz, Strange Highways|Darkness dwells within even the best of us. In the worst of us, darkness not only dwells but reins.
Rem Koolhaas|The intellectual force of the West is still dominant, but other cultures are getting stronger. I expect that we will develop a new way of thinking in architecture and urban planning, and that less will be based on our models.
Mary Sage Nguyen|If the book’s bad enough, they’ll publish it, and if it’s bad bad enough, the daily reviewers will love it, and it’ll sell.
Mehmet Murat ildan|With the rationalization of culture, and the corresponding disenchantment of religious ideas and beliefs, the modern world is ordered increasingly upon instrumentally rational grounds, and hence organizes itself less and less according to value-rational principles. This leads in turn to a world in which social action is separated increasingly from the sphere of (ethical) meaning, as particular (often technical) means are employed to realize specific ends regardless of the ethical significance or meaning of such action.
Tom Clancy, The Hunt for Red October|No matter how fast weapons and technology evolve in the 21st century, one thing remains constant is that war is a human endeavor, a grueling contest between two learning and adaptive forces. Victory, therefore rests on how smart, how tough, and how dedicated our boots on the ground.
Chelsea Clinton|I think the reason I'm a writer is because first, I was a reader. I loved to read. I read a lot of adventure stories and mystery books, and I have wonderful memories of my mom reading picture books aloud to me. I learned that words are powerful.
L.M. Montgomery, Rilla of Ingleside|I will do all things to please the Lord,for he is my inner strength. He gives and I recieve,though I should give my all like he did for me
Elton Gallegly|While Haiti has recently celebrated more than 200 years of independence from French colonial rule, the citizens of the island remain vulnerable to poverty, poor health, and political chaos.
Stan Lee, Stuart Moore, Andie Tong|You see, everything going on in your life is stemming within you. The control of your life should always be in your hands. What other people think about you should not stop you from moving forward in life.
Elizabeth Gaskell|People may flatter themselves just as much by thinking that their faults are always present to other people's minds, as if they believe that the world is always contemplating their individual charms and virtues.
Katie Heaney, Never Have I Ever: My Life (So Far) Without a Date|Sex is not a wizard, whatever magical-seeming properties it might possess in its better forms. If your friend says to you, "You're being mean, you need to get laid," your problem is not sex. Your problems are that you might be acting like an asshole, and your friends are definitely idiots.
Bertrand Russell, Education and the Social Order|Human skin is porous; the world flows through you. Your senses are large pores that let the world in. By being attuned to the wisdom of your senses, you will never become an exile in your own life, an outsider lost in an external spiritual place that your will and intellect, have constructed.
Robert Holden, Loveability: Knowing How to Love and Be Loved|Any system that values profit over human life is a very dangerous one indeed. Simply put, it lacks values, and such a system will eventually collapse once its true light is discovered by the masses. Though some say that capitalism is a modern system, corruption has been the source for the demise of every great civilization.
Félix J. Palma, The Map of Time|Yes, he would look for her, whether to delight in the joys of spring together or to plunge into the abyss. He would look for her because he loved her. And somehow this would lessen the lie Claire was living. For, in the end, the girl's love was reciprocated, and Tom's love, like Shackleton's, was also unattainable, lost in the ether, unable to its way to her.
Kelly Moran, Redemption|Go get dirty, baby girl. And I mean the naked kind.
Debasish Mridha|In the garden of humanity every baby is a fresh new flower who can smile, laugh, giggle, dance, love and sing with mother earth.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|Home? What is home? Home is where a house is that you come back to when the rainy season is about to begin, to wait until the next dry season comes around. Home is where your woman is, that you come back to in the intervals between a greater love - the only real love - the lust for riches buried in the earth, that are your own if you can find them.Perhaps you do not call it home, even to yourself. Perhaps you call them 'my house,' 'my woman,' What if there was another 'my house,' 'my woman,' before this one? It makes no difference. This woman is enough for now.Perhaps the guns sounded too loud at Anzio or at Omaha Beach, at Guadalcanal or at Okinawa. Perhaps when they stilled again some kind of strength had been blasted from you that other men still have. And then again perhaps it was some kind of weakness that other men still have. What is strength, what is weakness, what is loyalty, what is perfidy?The guns taught only one thing, but they taught it well: of what consequence is life? Of what consequence is a man? And, therefore, of what consequence if he tramples love in one place and goes to find it in the next? The little moment that he has, let him be at peace, far from the guns and all that remind him of them.So the man who once was Bill Taylor has come back to his house, in the dusk, in the mountains, in Anahuac. ("The Moon Of Montezuma")
William James|For me, leadership is making a difference. It's using your agency to bring about change.
Gregory Figg|How age enamels us, she would say. It builds up in layers and locks us inside our own skin, stopping us from breaking out, preventing the outside from burrowing in.
Neal Shusterman, Dread Locks|If you're putting that energy into performance," he said, "you're also getting it back out again, right? You're giving so you can receive." He spread his arms wide. "If you were writing songs with it, you'd be holed up in your room in the middle of the night, scribbling them in a notebook and feeling self-important. You'd think you were getting it out, but really you'd be keeping it inside and quiet. You'd take what upset you and turn it into art, and now it would fester, because you think other people ought to share your outrage at what happened to you.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, A Soviet Heretic: Essays by Yevgeny Zamyatin|True literature can exist only where it is created, not by diligent and trustworthy functionaries, but by madmen, hermits, heretics, dreamers, rebels, and skeptics.
Maggie Georgiana Young|Men,you say you want a strong, intelligent, truly independent woman who wants you rather than needs you, who inspires you, who pushes you towards being yourself, who can stick by you through the hardest times, and who can be your rock through life's obstacles.But you need to know that a truly strong, independent woman does not walk through life with her heart wide open. She has had to put up walls to block toxicity to obtain her strength. She is skeptical and always on alert from a lifetime of defense against predators. She is going to be a bit jaded, a little cynical, and a little scary because those qualities come with the struggle of obtaining that strength that gravitates you. She is going to doubt and question your good intentions because it has become her adaptability instincts that have allowed her to thrive.She is not a ball of sunshine. She has flaws. She has a past. She has her demons. She knows better than to just let down her barriers for you simply because you voice a desire to enter. You have to prove your right of entrance. She will assume the worst of you because the worst has happened. If you want her to see otherwise, prove her wrong.
Emma Joy Crone, Garden Variety Dykes: Lesbian Traditions in Gardening|My grandmother, a dim, stern figure, named her children Lily and Violet, which I guess from seeing a picture of my mother's paved, ugly backyard, was the nearest she came to a garden.
Alison Sweeney|As far as the public is concerned, India is amazingly secular.
Habeeb Adeokun|I dreamt, I woke, I grafted, I failed, I persisted, I conquered.
John Thorn|When we create hope and opportunity in the lives of others, we allow love, decency and promise to triumph over cowardice and hate.
Eric Maisel, The Van Gogh Blues: The Creative Person's Path Through Depression|Because of our fear that we are merely excited matter and the consequent grudge that we hold against the universe, we feel lost and alienated, like a refugee far from home in a universe that cares nothing for us.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Why is it deemed justifiable and appropriate for cops/policeofficers to kill other cops (friendly–fire) and citizens?Why do cops kill?Are they not taught to maim or slow down someone runningor reaching for a weapon?If not, why not?Why do cops kill first and ask questions last?Why are police officers being military trained?What can we as citizens, taxpayers, and voters do to stop thesekillings and beatings of unarmed people?Why do we let this continue?How many more must die or get beat up before we realizesomething is wrong and needs to be changed?Will you, a friend, or a family member have to be killed or beatenby a cop before we realize that things have to change?Who's here to protect us from the cops when they decide to useexcessive force, shoot multiple shells, and/or murder us?
Chris Benz|This is a truth that should be repeated like a mantra: to have any chance of a ful - filling life, we require not only clean air and a steady climate, but also an abundance of meadows and woodlands, rivers and oceans, teeming with life and the mass existence of other living creatures.
Holly Black|I am alive, I live, I breathe, I put my hand out, unfolded, into the sunlight.
Shirley Corder, Strength Renewed: Meditations for Your Journey through Breast Cancer|Struggling is hard, so is achieving success; so you may as well choose success, over time it’ll seem easier.
Mouhanad Khorchide|A world that becomes more Muslim becomes less everything else. First it’s Jews, already abandoning France. Then it’s homosexuals, already under siege from gay-bashing in Amsterdam, ‘the most tolerant city in Europe’. Then it’s uncovered women, targetted for rape in Oslo. And if you don’t any longer have any Jews or (officially) any gays or (increasingly) uncovered women, there are always just Christians in general, from Nigeria to Egypt to Pakistan. More space for Islam means less space for everything else, and in the end for you.
Sunday Adelaja|For your full deliverance from your yesterday and your past, God gave you a new field of activity —your calling, so that you can start working according to His plan
Derren Brown, Happy: Why More or Less Everything is Absolutely Fine|Many atheists might proudly proclaim that our lives have no ultimate meaning, yet the business of finding significance in one's life is perhaps the most important part of being human. When we drift into a life without meaning, we soon become a pack of symptoms and pathologies; and without any feeling of significance, many choose to end their lives altogether.
Richard Hamming|What am I but a little flesh, a little breath, and the thinking part that rules the whole?
Jack Campbell, Victorious|The Greenland fjords are peculiar for the spells of completely quiet weather, when there is not enough wind to blow out a match and the water is like a sheet of glass. The kayak hunter must sit in his boat without stirring a finger so as not to scare the shy seals away. Actually, he can only move his eyes, as even the slightest move otherwise might mean game lost. The sun, low in the sky, sends a glare into his eyes, and the landscape around moves into the realm of the unreal. The reflex from the mirror-like water hypnotizes him, he seems to be unable to move, and all of a sudden it is as if he were floating in a bottomless void, sinking, sinking, and sinking.... Horror-stricken, he tries to stir, to cry out, but he cannot, he is completely paralyzed, he just falls and falls.
Jean-Paul Sartre|The aim of language...is to communicate...to impart to others the results one has obtained...As I talk, I reveal the situation...I reveal it to myself and to others in order to change it.
Kiki Archer, But She Is My Student|Intentionally, or unintentionally, Kat had spoken with her eyes; tenderly and lovingly conveying a message to Freya that her tongue wouldn't let her speak. It was glaringly obvious they both felt it. The words were not important. The pauses, gazes, and drawn out breaths were what mattered.
LL Cool J|Ridiculous yachts and private planes and big limousines won't make people enjoy life more, and it sends out terrible messages to the people who work for them. It would be so much better if that money was spent in Africa - and it's about getting a balance.
Ellen DeGeneres|Rituals, anthropologists will tell us, are about transformation. The rituals we use for marriage, baptism or inaugurating a president are as elaborate as they are because we associate the ritual with a major life passage, the crossing of a critical threshold, or in other words, with transformation.
Devora Zack, Networking for People Who Hate Networking: A Field Guide for Introverts, the Overwhelmed, and the Underconnected|Death takes in many people, but still lives alone.
Bindi Irwin|If you're curious, London's an amazing place.
Barbara Brookes, A History of New Zealand Women|Twenty two year old Connie Jones, who had boarded in the home of charismatic Methodist and pacifist Ormond Burton, was a member of the No More War movement and the Christian Pacifist Society. She first attended the Friday night public meetings at which the pacifists argued their case in 1941. She stepped onto the podium, stating, "the Lord Jesus Christ tells us to love one another," and was promptly arrested by Wellington's chief inspector of police. Charged with obstruction under the Emergency Regulations, she was sentenced to three months' hard labour with harsh conditions at the Point Halswell Reformatory - an experience that did nothing to dampen her commitment to pacifism.
Plato, Ion|Whenever you want to know what’s wrong or missing in your inner relationship with the Divine, stop, breathe deeply, and observe how is your relationship with the opposite sex.
Bill Maher|New Rule: Stop asking Miss USA contestants if they believe in evolution. It’s not their field. It’s like asking Stephen Hawking if he believes in hair scrunchies. Here’s what they know about: spray tans, fake boobs and baton twirling. Here’s what they don’t know about: everything else. If I cared about the uninformed opinions of some ditsy beauty queen, I’d join the Tea Party.
RVM|If you keep doing things that don't matter to you, you will not have time to do things that really do.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|An atheist is a man who does not believe the existence of a God; now, no one can be certain of the existence of a being whom he does not conceive, and who is said to unite incompatible qualities.
Randall Wallace, Pearl Harbor|It was now December 7, 1941; the date that Franklin D. Roosevelt was destined to declare would live in infamy.
Andrew Galasetti, These Colors Don't Run|They cried. Yes, yes, they cried. Cried more tears than the Mississippi could hold, but those tears never washed away their faith…
Stephen Richards, Psycho Stephen|Prison is designed to break one's spirit and destroy one's resolve. To do this, the authorities attempt to exploit every weakness, demolish every initiative, negate all signs of individuality--all with the idea of stamping out that spark that makes each of us human and each of us who we are.
Julian of Norwich, Revelations of Divine Love|Some of us believe that God is almighty, and can do everything; and that he is all wise, and may do everything; but that he is all love, and will do everything— there we draw back.
Jenson Button|People need to have clear goals about why they are exercising, and they should consult a fitness expert to find out what kind of exercise is suitable.
Anthony T. Hincks|I seeIn many an eye that measures meThe mortal sickness of a mindToo unhappy to be kind.Undone with misery, all they canIs to hate their fello
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|The world seems to want us to be sad and angry because bad things frequently happen. But I say we should feel the opposite. We should be happy and cheerful because good things happen. We should be delighted to see the sun rise and stars glow and rainbows color stormy skies. We should savor every simple breath and eat each meal with gratitude. We should slumber in sweet dreams and relish moments of laughter and love. We should take more notice of the joys and kindnesses that do exist, still dictating the actions of millions of good people all over the world. Life is filled with pleasant moments, not just grief. We should be happy because this is true.
Steve Maraboli|Sometimes we need someone to just listen. Not to try and fix anything or offer alternatives, but to just be there… to listen. An ear that listens can be medicine for a heart that hurts.
Harry Whitewolf, The Road To Purification: Hustlers, Hassles & Hash|The more love we bring into our lives, the more satisfied and at peace we are and the more joy we experience.
Pippa DaCosta, Devil May Care|People do not by default follow the strongest, but they follow the bravest
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Most entertainers and celebrities realize the influencing power they possess. The sad reality is that those in the know tend to utilise that power with a lack of mission, beliefs and values which could translate to a positive impact of their talent on the lives as well as missions of those who form their fan-base. Their agenda tends to be self-centred but it can change.
Katherine Longshore, Tarnish|I lean forward, pressing my lips to his, and it breaks me open. His hand leaves my face and traces notes up my arms, strikes chords on my throat and up into my hair. His mouth forms lyrics that expose my soul.The kiss is like a song played only once. And forever.
Siobhan Davis, True Calling|I plant a gentle parting kiss on his lips, our strategy is well and truly screwed at this stage anyway. We barely lasted a day.
Rebecca Solnit, Storming the Gates of Paradise: Landscapes for Politics|We hang on to our values, even if they seem at times tarnished and worn; even if, as a nation and in our own lives, we have betrayed them more often that we care to remember. What else is there to guide us? Those values are our inheritance, what makes us who we are as a people. And although we recognize that they are subject to challenge, can be poked and prodded and debunked and turned inside out bu intellectuals and cultural critics, they have proven to be both surprisingly durable and surprisingly constant across classes, and races, and faiths, and generations. We can make claims on their behalf, so long as we understand that our values must be tested against fact and experience, so long as we recall that they demand deeds and not just words.
George Darley, Selected Poems Of George Darley|It is not Beauty I demand, A crystal brow, the moon's despair, Nor the snow's daughter, a white hand, Nor mermaid's yellow pride of hair. Tell me not of your starry eyes, Your lips that seem on roses fed, Your breasts where Cupid trembling lies, Nor sleeps for kissing of his bed. ...Give me, instead of beauty's bust, A tender heart, a loyal mind, Which with temptation I could trust, Yet never linked with error find. One in whose gentle bosom I Could pour my secret heart of woes. Like the care-burdened honey-fly That hides his murmurs in the rose. My earthly comforter! whose love So indefeasible might be, That when my spirit won above Hers could not stay for sympathy.
Tae Yun Kim, The First Element: Secrets to Maximizing Your Energy|Indigo has a purifying, stabilizing, cleansing effect when fear, repression, and obsessions have disturbed your mental body. Indigo food vibrations are: blackberries, blue plums, blueberries, purple brocoli, beetroot, and purple grapes.
Gloria Steinem|Private dreams are the most powerful. You have to dream of success to make it happen, and if you don't believe in yourself, nobody else will. But that doesn't mean you have to go around telling everyone about it.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|It's amazing how people can find all the mistakes in the world concerning another person, but look into the mirror every day without making changes within. Stop looking down your nose at others, What does that achieve? We all can make room for improvements. Most of the time it starts with a little attitude adjustment.
Indy Bissessur|During rough time in a Business, a Leader should act like a ship captain. His first and foremost priority should be to put his employees to security before thinking of his own welfare.
Darrell Calkins|We do have some capacity to determine how things evolve, and how we evolve, individually and as a community or race. That’s a tremendous freedom and a tremendous responsibility.
Teresa Schultz, The Bible In Poetry,|I need to accept God’s love and forgiveness, turning away from my sin and toward Him starting every day anew just as His mercies are new every morning.
Vincent van Gogh|It is only right and proper to be moved by the Bible, but present-day reality has so strong a hold over us that even when we try to imagine the past the minor events in our lives immediately wrench us out of our musings, and our own adventures throw us back irrevocably upon our personal feelings—joy, boredom, suffering, anger, or a smile.
Paul Ryan|Hope and change? We're not doing that anymore. They're doing attack and blame. And so, I just think people are going to see through this. They want real leadership. They want us to get this country on the right track.
Sami Abouzid|Lisa Has a Heart of Diamond, She Never Thought She Would be Left in Silence again and again
Barbara Post-Askin, Reflections of Liberty: Memoir by Barbara Post-Askin|Only if we understand our past, can we move forward to a brighter future.
Joko Beck|Our fear of hypocrisy is forcing us to live in a world where gluttons are fine, so long as they champion gluttony.
Ashim Shanker, Don't Forget to Breathe|In the first play, the crisis is Thomas More. In the second it’s Anne Boleyn. In the third book, and the third play, it’s crisis every day, an overlapping series of only just negotiable horrors. It’s climbing and climbing. Then a sudden abrupt fall - within days.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|If we wish to fight, the enemy can be forced to an engagement even though he be sheltered behind a high rampart and a deep ditch. All we need do is attack some other place that he will be obliged to relieve.
Mariama Bâ, So Long a Letter|And even if you hate her, can't stand her, even if she's ruining your life, there's something about her, some romance, some power. She's absolutely herself. No matter how hard you try, you'll never get to her. And when she dies, the world will be flat, too simple, reasonable, fair.
Kemi Sogunle, Beyond the Pain by Kemi Sogunle|Learn the truth...never assume.Understand the plight...never judge.Put yourself in someone's shoes...never hurt.Think before you act, reason before you react.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|Did you have one of those days today, like a nail in the foot? Did the pterodactyl corpse dropped by the ghost of your mother from the spectral Hindenburg forever circling the Earth come smashing through the lid of your glass coffin? Did the New York strip steak you attacked at dinner suddenly show a mouth filled with needle-sharp teeth, and did it snap off the end of your fork, the last solid-gold fork from the set Anastasia pressed into your hands as they took her away to be shot? Is the slab under your apartment building moaning that it cannot stand the weight on its back a moment longer, and is the building stretching and creaking? Did a good friend betray you today, or did that good friend merely keep silent and fail to come to your aid? Are you holding the razor at your throat this very instant? Take heart, comfort is at hand. This is the hour that stretches. Djan karet. We are the cavalry. We're here. Put away the pills. We'll get you through this bloody night. Next time, it'll be your turn to help us."Eidolons" (1988)
Alba Avila|Oh my…!Love can be troubled somber,mournful and yet subtle and precise. Love is a chaotic thing, my dear!
Emily Ratajkowski|Not much shocked me. You know, I worked in a home for Alzheimer's patients and my dad used to be really into murders and stuff, so I saw dead bodies. It desensitised me to a lot of things.
Haruki Murakami, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage|One other thing I learned from working in a company was that the majority of people in the world have no problem following orders. They're actually happy to be told what to do. They might complain, but that's not how they really feel. They just grumble out of habit. If you told them to think for themselves, and make their own decisions and take responsibility for them, they'd be clueless.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|. If you want to write, just write anything that comes into your mind. You will be surprised at how you can force inspiration to stand on your side.
Lloyd Alexander, The Arkadians|I'll go to the south of Sicily in the winter, and paint memories of Arles – I'll buy a piano and Mozart me that – I'll write long sad tales about people in the legend of my life – This part is my part of the movie, let's hear yours
Alexander von Humboldt, Cosmos: A Sketch of a Physical Description of the Universe: Part One, 1858|While we maintain the unity of the human species, we at the same time repel the depressing assumption of superior and inferior races of men. There are nations more susceptible of cultivation, more highly civilized, more ennobled by mental cultivation than others—but none in themselves nobler than others.
Philip K. Dick, Confessions of a Crap Artist|She makes life over, he realized. She controls life, whereas I just sit on my can and let it happen to me.
Lara Zielin, The Waiting Sky|If kissing was a language I was sure we’d know it well. If it could measure the amount of love you felt for someone, our love was infinite after all. Even when we hugged I felt a special connection to him. It was in his loving embrace that I sought solace, where I found it, and where I would keep it. Our love was enchanting and magical, secretive and special. Overall, though, it was ours and we would treasure it.
Bertrand Russell, Marriage and Morals|...love must feel the ego of the beloved person as important as one's own ego, and must realize the other's feelings and wishes as though they were one's own.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Honey, she says, honest ain’t the half of what I’m not.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you desire to be financially wealthy but don’t know how to invest time, then you are just dreaming.
Ernst Jünger, The Glass Bees|To do something for someone or something you loved- England or Shakespeare or a dog or the Hodbins or history- wasn't a sacrifice at all. Even if it cost you your freedom, your life, your youth.
Scott Edmund Miller|Growth is an unavoidable part of life. Whether we mean for it to happen or not, our bodies continually nourish and regenerate themselves, our minds continually learn and expand, and our lives continually evolve. We have the power to craft our growth the way a landscaper crafts a majestic garden, or we can leave it to chance, allowing it to unfold wild as the weeds that spread across a vacant lot.
H.M. Ward, Damaged|When I met Millie, she was a hugger. She hugged over everything. I didn’t. We came to an agreement that hugs are reserved for prolonged partings and death. That’s it. At least, I thought that was our agreement. It seems like she’s figured out how to steal hugs more frequently. Millie’s turned into a hit and run hugger.
Jere Longman, The Girls of Summer: The U.S. Women's Soccer Team and How It Changed the World|Men in particular,” he went on, stating the loathsome truth, “are given a fair amount of leeway in the public eye.
M.M. John, Paper Cuts|On the morning after the daring theft of a priceless James Ensor painting from the Grand Palais in Paris, I was allowed to leave the Les Halles Police Station after only a few hours of questioning.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi|An open mind, is the best weapon, in the fight between light and darkness
Ashim Shanker, Only the Deplorable|The arrow of time obscures memory of both past and future circumstance with innumerable fallacies, the least trivial of which is perception.
Lucy Beckett, The Time Before You Die: A Novel of the Reformation|God forgives us, as—when—we forgive them who injure us—and ourselves. These last weeks I think I have understood what many times in the past I thought I knew—but we never know—we never reach the end of understanding—the understanding of God—the mystery of his love...
Stacey Rourke, Sacrifice|In the final analysis, with Rene she had been an apprentice to love, she had loved him only to learn how to give herself, enslaved and surfeited, to Sir Stephen.
Alanea Alder, My Guardian|I've been wearing my super gown because someone won't let me go get maternity clothes because they are being a paranoid, drama bear
Thomas Carlyle|If Jesus Christ were to come today, people would not even crucify him. They would ask him to dinner, and hear what he had to say, and make fun of it.
Debora Geary, Witches Under Way|Toddlers are germ-warfare machines in a cute package"- Debora Geary
J.M.  Richards, Tall, Dark Streak of Lightning|Holiness has most often been revealed to me in the exquisite pun of the first syllable, in holes- in not enough help, in brokenness, mess. High holy places, with ethereal sounds and stained glass, can massage my illusion of holiness, but in holes and lostness I can pick up the light of small ordinary progress, newly made moments flecked like pepper into the slog and the disruptions.
Jacques Vaché|You know the horrible life of the alarm clock – it’s a monster that has always appalled me because of the number of things its eyes project, and the way that good fellow stares at me when I enter a room.
Elizabeth George|Trouble and perplexity drive me to prayer, and prayer drives away perplexity and trouble.
Balroop Singh|Aspirations don’t make poets, perseverance does. Flow with the emotions, let your imagination soar, find what ignites the fire within and let it go wild.
Mac Canoza|Always, there are some goodness in bad and something bad in goodness. It is the balance of life.
Patricia Highsmith, The Price of Salt|I need to explain all this to Adam in private. I can't get McGillicuddy to explain it to him. Something will be lost in translation.""Well, excuse me that I can't look at him all googly-eyed," my brother said."And he's liable to punch you," I said.
Bertrand Russell|Men fear thought as they fear nothing else on earth -- more than ruin, more even than death.
Rudyard Kipling|The beautiful spring came; and when Nature resumes her loveliness, the human soul is apt to revive also.
Pat Spence, True Blue|It was to apologize, and apologizing means he remembers what happened, and that means being trapped in a nightmare that’s already come true.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|There are no telegraphs on Tralfamadore. But you're right: each clump of symbols is a brief, urgent message-- describing a situation, a scene. We Tralfamadorians read them all at once, not one after the other. There isn't any particular relationship between all the messages, except that the author has chosen them carefully, so that, when seen all at once, they produce an image of life that is beautiful and surprising and deep. There is no beginning, no middle, no end, no suspense, no moral, no causes, no effects. What we love in our books are the depths of many marvelous moments seen all at one time.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|But man seeks to worship what is established beyond dispute, so that all men would agree at once to worship it. For these pitiful creatures are concerned not only to find what one or the other can worship, but to find community of worship is the chief misery of every man individually and of all humanity from the beginning of time. For the sake of common worship they've slain each other with the sword. They have set up gods and challenged one another, "Put away your gods and come and worship ours, or we will kill you and your gods!
J.A. Belfield, Unnatural|With a slow smile, she brought her gaze back to Kyle’s as she reached behind and unhooked her bra.“Need some help with that?” he asked.“I have had plenty of practice.”“Yeah, well, I could do with the extra practice. Takes way too long to get those things off.
Vladimir Nabokov, Pale Fire|We are absurdly accustomed to the miracle of a few written signs being able to contain immortal imagery, involutions of thought, new worlds with live people, speaking, weeping, laughing. We take it for granted so simply that in a sense, by the very act of brutish routine acceptance, we undo the work of the ages, the history of the gradual elaboration of poetical description and construction, from the treeman to Browning, from the caveman to Keats. What if we awake one day, all of us, and find ourselves utterly unable to read? I wish you to gasp not only at what you read but at the miracle of its being readable.
Sebastian Gorka|You cannot win a war if you cannot talk honestly about the enemy Since the 9/11 attacks, political correctness and ideological prejudice—under both Republican and Democratic presidents—have distorted our analysis of the enemy, preventing us from drawing an effective plan to defeat the likes of Al Qaeda and the Islamic State. The Obama administration, blinded by its own preconceived ideas of why terrorism occurs, is influenced by malevolent actors who have an interest in censoring any talk of the religious aspects of the enemy’s ideology. At the highest level of the U.S. government, terrorism is deemed to be the result of poverty, unemployment, and lack of political enfranchisement. This fallacy must be jettisoned. We are not at war with Islam. The people most immanently in danger, in fact, are the nonviolent and non-extremist Muslims of the Middle East, such as our allies in Jordan and the modern Muslims of Egypt and the United Arab Emirates. They are on the most important front of this war, and they understand just how much religion truly matters. We do a great disservice to those brave Muslims when we try to convince the world that the threat will disappear if enough people have good jobs and sound educations.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Polar north can't get away from a magnet; the magnet finds it, no matter what.
Sarah MacLean|It seems like whenever a big newspaper or TV show talks about teen literature, they focus on dark books or vampire books. It's kind of this cliche. It seems like the only time adults pay attention is with that angle.
Graham Robb, Rimbaud: A Biography|If the mystery can be reduced to one solution, it lies in a simple coincidence: Rimbaud's interest in his own work had survived the realization that the world would not be changed by verbal innovation. It did not survive the failure of all his adult relationships. He had always treated poems as a form of private communication. He gave his songs to chansonniers, his satires to satirists. Without a constant companion, he was writing in a void.
Anthony Liccione|As a lie can be buried, the truth will always bloom.
Martin Rees|Consider: The human genome consists of about 3.3 billion base pairs. Since there are only four types of pair, that amounts to 0.8 gigabytes of information, or about what you can fit on a CD. With a microwave radio transmitter, you could beam that amount of information into space in a few minutes, and have it travel to anyone at light speed.
Gail Simmons|I was focused on athletics, outdoors, sports.
Kim Harrison, A Perfect Blood|The want for that kiss had shocked him more than the interruption, and he fell back into the chair, cool and nonchalant as Quen came in with his questions and demands. He wasn't sure if he believed he'd really helped, but one thing was very clear. He wanted that again, that feeling of standing with her against all odds and succeeding. He wanted it so bad, he was going to risk destroying everything he and his father had worked for. He should walk away. Right now. But as she was ushered out the door under David's arm, all he wanted to do was follow her. What the hell was he doing, falling in love with a demon?
Terryl L. Givens, The God Who Weeps: How Mormonism Makes Sense of Life|Looking down from my throne full of thorns, I glanced at the people on Earth. Oh, man. I despised them. It wasn’t like they were becoming better humans or anything, Devil forbid. In fact, they all roasted in their sin, mayonnaised in their stupidity, tomato-sauced in their envy and anger toward each other....
Jean Rhys, Good Morning, Midnight|I understand I've made an unusual lifestyle choice. But the label 'crazy' bothers me. Annoys me. Because it prevents response. When someone asks if you're crazy, Knight lamented, you can either say yes, which makes you crazy, or you can say no, which makes you sound defensive, as if you fear that you really are crazy. There's no good answer.
Ramani Durvasula, Should I Stay or Should I Go?: Surviving a Relationship with a Narcissist|The pendulum has overcorrected from the cruel era of rapping a disobedient child’s knuckles with a ruler togiving every child a trophy for showing up. Every child should have the experience of being loved unconditionally, supported, and encouraged,but this requires more than a standing ovation every time he or she enters the room.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You see, somewhere deep within the universe is a cosmic heart that pours knowledge to those with questions. And to communicate with it, you simply have to tap into your own heart. Yet there is a catch. You cannot be sleeping. You have to be wide awake. And your heart cannot be heavy. It must be as light as a feather. And your questions cannot carry any shades of darkness; they must be as childlike as a curious and receptive student of Truth. And the answers, can be interpreted in many different ways -- depending on how much truth you have in you.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Buy a gift for a dog, and you'll be amazed at the way it will dance and swerve its tail, but if don't have anything to offer to it, it won't even recognize your arrival; such are the attributes of fake friends.
Ned Hayes, Sinful Folk|I remember the fire, it burns bright, always around me. I close my eyes, and tears stream out. The tides of the past seize me, bear me out to sea.
Simone de Beauvoir|Being on the fringes of the world is not the best place for someone who intends to re-create it: here again, to go beyond the given, one must be deeply rooted in it. Personal accomplishments are almost impossible in human categories collectively kept in an inferior situation.
Sarah Moss, The Tidal Zone|It was important to tell people. To let people know that this can happen. Your child's body can stop. Stop breathing, stop beating.
Shannon A. Thompson, November Snow|She was always daydreaming. She never wanted to live in the real world; she always seemed to be separated from other children her age. They couldn’t understand her or her imagination. She was always thinking outside of the box, breaking rules, and only following what her heart told her was right.
Chandan Sharma|God's heart…is not that we escape our lot, but that we learn to thrive in the midst of it.
Ilona Andrews, Curran|She crouched with her hand out. What the hell was she doing… "Here, kitty, kitty, kitty." Oh my God, she was retarded and I was going to kill Jim.
Leland Stanford|I'm not really sure what social message my art carries, if any. And I don't really want it to carry one. I'm not interested in the subject matter to try to teach society anything, or to try to better our world in any way.
Adrienne Rich|During the Cold War, America undertook serious military cuts only once: after the election of Richard Nixon, during the Vietnam War. The result: Vietnam fell to the Communists, the Russians moved into Afghanistan, and American influence around the globe waned dramatically.
Gordon Bethune|As far as loneliness, I feel Los Angeles and its layout, having to drive everywhere - it is a lonely place. It's an isolated city in that respect because you're driving to places alone listening to the radio.
Michael K. Simpson|The more expansive government is, the more perils people face in daily lives, be it from IRS agents or from child support services, or from other agencies that often have little or no legal restraints on their power.
Edie Harris, The Corrupt Comte|You look and sound like you could you use a stiff one."--Mark Willburn
William Montgomery Watt, Muhammad at Mecca|His readiness to undergo persecutions for his beliefs, the high moral character of the men who believed in him and looked up to him as leader, and the greatness of his ultimate achievement - all argue his fundamental integrity. To suppose Muhammad an impostor raises more problems than it solves. Moreover, none of the great figures of history is so poorly appreciated in the West as Muhammad
Lailah Gifty Akita|In any situation, God's grace is sufficient.
Sue Fitzmaurice|Depression is a lying bastard.You'll have better days, I promise you.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Cat," said Peterkin, turning his head a little on one side, "I love you.
Mala Naidoo, Vindication Across Time|You learn to be resilient, to survive when you know you are capable of making worthy contribution to the world; you fight it when you have nothing to lose and so much to gain.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|I want to put on the table, not why 85% of the members of the National Academy of Sciences reject God, I want to know why 15% of the National Academy don’t.
Samantha Power|I wake up at 5:30, 6 in the morning, but don't head into the office right away. I like to hang out with my wife, talk about things, get some coffee, you know.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|Memory was supposed to fill the time, but it made time a hole to be filled.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|But when they began handing out doctorates for comparative folk dancing and advanced fly-fishing, I became too stink in’ proud to use the title. I won’t touch watered whiskey and I take no pride in watered-down degrees.
Carla H. Krueger, From the Horse’s Mouth|I’m warning you because you’re young and vulnerable. He’s a dirty, lying, conniving piece of shit and he’s dangerous.” Gottfried Baumauer.
Sarah Vowell|American children hear no stories about ghosts. They spend a dime at the drugstore to buy a Superman comic book...Superman represents actual capabilities or future potential, while ghosts symbolize belief in and reverence for the accumulated past...How could ghosts gain a foothold in American cities? People move about like the tide, unable to form permanent ties with places, still less with other people...In a world without ghosts, life is free and easy. American eyes can gaze straight ahead. But still I think they lack something and I do not envy their life.
Leah Thomas, Because You'll Never Meet Me|Let me put it more artistically, with greater sophistication:They left us in the toilet. In the deepest pile of shit. And we're coated in the crappy residue of their desicions. But that does not mean we are the one who pooped, Moritz. And neither are we the poop.Never think that. We're not the poop.
Opoong Amankwaa|Do not fear of ARREST. Why? Because, there is REST at the end of each AR"REST"; either in jail or in the grave. The wisest and the greatest of men are aware of this.
Sarah Fine, The Impostor Queen|There was still about them what had always reminded Magnus of an old legend he’d heard of the red thread of fate: that an invisible scarlet thread bound certain people, and however tangled it became, it could not and would not break.
Walt Disney Company, 12 Princess Stories|But they say if you dream a thing more than once, it's sure to come true.
Friedrich List|Sometimes I get lonely, but it's nice to be alone.
John Irving, The World According to Garp|If your needs are little, you are rich enough.
Shinzo Abe|I have experienced failure as a politician and for that very reason, I am ready to give everything for Japan.
Peter David, Sir Apropos of Nothing|Only in this world of topsy-turvy attitudes could outright stupidity, such as I had displayed, be something that got me high marks. I had an amused glimmering of a notion at that point: If I ever turned out to be a complete and utter fool, I could wind up running the whole kingdom. It was something to consider.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|Youth is a dream, a form of chemical madness.
Dele Ayo Bankole|It is better to be a Number Two in a working system, than be a Number One yet lack capacity to make the system work.
Michel de Montaigne, The Essays: A Selection|I do not know whether anyone has ever succeeded in not enjoying praise. And, if he enjoys it, he naturally wants to receive it. And if he wants to receive it, he cannot help but being distraught at losing it. Those who are in love with applause have their spirits starved not only when they are blamed off-hand, but even when they fail to be constantly praised.
Thomas C. Oden, The Transforming Power of Grace|Nothing in all the vast universe can come to pass otherwise than God has eternally purposed. Here is a foundation of faith. Here is a resting place for the intellect. Here is an anchor for the soul, both sure and steadfast. It is not blind fate, unbridled evil, man or Devil, but the Lord Almighty who is ruling the world, ruling it according to His own good pleasure and for His own eternal glory.
Anthony Trollope|A small daily task, if it be really daily, will beat the labours of a spasmodic Hercules.
Robert A. Heinlein|It is not a liberty of circumstance, conceded to us alone, that we wish; it is the adoption absolute of the principle that no man, born red, black or white, can be the property of his fellow man.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|The meek may inherit the earth, but at the moment it belongs to the conceited. Like me.
Roland Barthes, The Neutral: Lecture Course at the Collège de France, 1977-1978|The greatest pleasure is not - say - sex or geometry. It is just understanding. And if you can get people to understand their own humanity - well, that's the job of the writer.
Yoko Ono|When Whitney Houston died, I felt great sadness. My sadness, of course, was about our collective loss - when you listened to this nightingale sing, your body would drop into a chair, your head would tilt up, a small smile would creep across your face, and inside you knew that there was a higher power somewhere: gifted, beautiful, spiritual.
Nathanael West|It is hard to laugh at the need for beauty and romance, no matter how tasteless, even horrible, the results of that need are. But it is easy to sigh. Few things are sadder than the truly monstrous.
Martin Guevara Urbina, Latino Police Officers in the United States: An Examination of Emerging Trends and Issues|The general rule of law is, that the noblest of human productions -- knowledge, truths ascertained, conceptions, and ideas -- become, after voluntary communication to others, free as the air to common use."~Louis D. Brandeis
Christianna Brand, Nurse Matilda|The Agency was doubtful, because they had already sent a lot of nurses and nannies and governesses to Mr. and Mrs. Brown's family. 'The person you want,' they said, 'is Nurse Matilda.
Alexandra Bracken, The Darkest Minds|I know it's crazy to believe in silly things, but it's not that easy
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|I threw myself into that fire, threw myself into it, into him, and let myself burn.
Page Morgan, The Lovely and the Lost|Ove gives the box a skeptical glance, as if it's a highly dubious sort of box, a box that rides a scooter and wears tracksuit pants and just called Ove "my friend" before offering to sell him a watch.
Harold Urey|Life is not a miracle. It is a natural phenomenon, and can be expected to appear whenever there is a planet whose conditions duplicate those of the 
Eric Ambler|Life is, you know, but an idea. You can fill it up with anything really and deceive yourself into believing that is what you need. You can be happy, sad, benevolent, crafty, unpleasant. That man filled it up with nastiness and it destroyed him in the end. I wonder what could have made him that way. Cruelty on the part of others or cruelty in his heart?" - Lady Cavendish
M.F. Moonzajer|The biggest threat against the survival of humanity is not brutality and unkindness, it is stupidity and selfishness.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Religion should teach about hope to come for all, not terror for some
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Nothing will help us grow spiritually more than spending time alone with God every day, reading His Word and praying. Time alone with God is essential to our spiritual welfare.
Jenny Lundquist, The Charming Life of Izzy Malone|Your mother would have more luck winning her election than teaching you how to be charming. Izzy Malone, going to charm school! Are you going to walk across the room with a book stuck on your head?""No, it's not like that at all," I said as he doubled over with laughter. "And I really don't see what's so funny.""It's just that"--he gasped--"it would be like teaching a hippo to wear high heels!
Tim Allen|One of the things that's interesting to me is I find things like caffeine and stunts actually relax me. When they're putting a bit of gel on my arm and lighting me on fire, or when I'm about to go into a high-speed car chase or rev a motorcycle up pretty fast, I find everything else around me slows down.
Karen Marie Moning, Dreamfever|It's funny how, when things seem the darkest, moments of beauty present themselves in the most unexpected places.
Eric Gill|Look after goodness and truth, beauty will look after herself.
Steven Magee|Very high altitude extreme night shift work is a class 2A carcinogen that may result in lifelong disabling sleep disorders, high cholesterol, radiation sickness and heart, lung and brain damage.
Yunus D. Saleh, Crisis Management: The Art of Success and Failure|How will history judge us? Will our tales be sources of inspiration, or wells of caution?
Hsing zhou|One of the comics said he thought I was talented but wouldn't ever make it as a stand-up. It hurt. Looking back now, I can see clearly how experienced comics get bitter. It's a tough business, and often things don't work out the way you think they will. But rage and jealousy comics can feel for others' success is a highly toxic waste of time.
Barack Obama|If it's just screaming - and I know this sounds so ridiculous - that gets old. But sometimes when there's literal chaos, it's like being in a war zone, and that's kind of exciting. You're just running through the crowd of people chasing after you and no one knows what's going on.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|Of all the things which make up our Short-Time lives, sleep is surely the best.
Deepak Chopra|As human beings, not only do we seek resolution, but we also feel that we deserve resolution. However, not only do we not deserve resolution, we suffer from resolution. We don't deserve resolution; we deserve something better than that. We deserve our birthright, which is the middle way, an open state of mind that can relax with paradox and ambiguity.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Just when the air turns frosty and the days shrink into darkness, the Christmas season arrives in America. It begins at Thanksgiving--with families, feasts and football. Then during the next six weeks we shop and decorate, worship and make merry. Our hearts warm in the winter cold. We find compassion for strangers, and we remember there are miracles. Pious or festive or both, we join together in an extraordinary national festival.
Tiqqun|Critical voices have to care about history. We have to care about the way in which things get controlled in the past because that's when the damage gets done and if we don't keep that historical memory, we will allow them to do it again next time.
Leonard Nimoy, Shekhina|I've never taken a photograph of someone and created a persona, I've just discovered what was already there.
William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar|Certain things need not be said, and there’s nothing, not a whisper, prayer, not a sacrifice, not a payment of any price, that would change what’s about to happen.
Ellen J. Barrier|Focusing on who you are, and pursuing opportunities to improve your abilities, allows you to be in acceptance of yourself. This makes you a beautiful person who could care less about what others think of you.
Tennessee Williams, Something Unspoken|We born alone,we all die alone.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|With slight misconceptions of reality we fabricate our hopes and beliefs, and we live off crusts that we call cakes, like poor children who make-believe they’re happy.
Zane Grey|I need this wild life, this freedom.
Tyler Cowen|I talk to trees and animals. We have interesting conversations about food, weather, and love. They sometimes can predict the future.
Michael A. Johnson|Choose your friends with caution, plan your future with purpose, and frame your life with faith.If you are lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.
Alan Cumming, Not My Father's Son|Strong sun, that bleachThe curtains of my room, can you not renderColourless this dress I wear?—This violent plaidOf purple angers and red shames; the yellow stripeOf thin but valid treacheries; the flashy green of kind deeds doneThrough indolence, high judgments given in haste;The recurring checker of the serious breach of taste?
Orson Scott Card, Ender in Exile|We are only human when we are part of a community. ... I tried to isolate you, but it could not be done. I surrounded you with hostility; you took most of your enemies and rivals and made friends of them. ... You were a part of them; they carried you inside them all their lives.
Jonathan Swift, A Tale of a Tub|It is so small secret that many writers are also alcoholics, drug addicts, sexual deviants, or habitual wearers of blue jeans (in some cases all of the above).
Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita|Man is a phase of nature, and only as he is related to nature does he matter, does he have any account whatever above the dust.
Gyalwa Dokhampa, The Restful Mind|When expectations exceed reality, frustration is the result.
Stephen Jay Gould, The Panda's Thumb: More Reflections in Natural History|...one opportunity leads directly to another, just as risk leads to more risk, life to more life, and death to more death.
Romina Russell, Zodiac|What I would do, to myself or anyone else, for the chance to go back home? But no one is there. No one I care about. They're gone, protected, far away. Home is no longer the place we're from. Home is safe with them. I hope.
Debasish Mridha|When someone loves you, you are living in the most beautiful place in the earth, in the beauty of his or her mind. So enjoy it, even if it lasts for a moment.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|A woman is human.She is not better, wiser, stronger, more intelligent, more creative, or more responsible than a man.Likewise, she is never less.Equality is a given.A woman is human.
Steve Allen, How to Be Funny|When my mother passed away several years ago—well, wait a minute. Actually, she didn’t ‘pass away.’ She died. Something about that verb, ‘to pass away’ always sounds to me as if someone just drifted through the wallpaper. No, my mother did not pass away. She definitely died.
Jeremy London|We wanted Nike to be the world's best sports and fitness company. Once you say that, you have a focus. You don't end up making wing tips or sponsoring the next Rolling Stones world tour.
Florence Kelley|We are living in a culture where we are so led by the visual, and what is promoted in the media, that the attitude becomes, 'I don't have to go through normalcy in life - I can look for exemptions. And I expect them, and when I look for them and they are not there, I am angry.'
