Kiera Cass, The Siren|The dust was antique spice, burnt maple leaves, a prickling blue that teemed and sifted to earth. Swarming its own shadows, the dust filtered over the tents.
Kameron Hurley, The Geek Feminist Revolution|Young white men in the eighteen-to-twenty-four-year-old range are often coming to grips with the fact that life isn't as easy as they were promised. I've been there myself. When you realize that life isn't going to hand you the job you want or the woman you want to fuck, you look around for someone to blame, and feminism becomes an easy target. If only women were subservient objects who stayed at home, there would be more jobs open to young white men and more women with no other option but to have sex with them for sustenance. I realize that white-man utopia sounds really pleasing to these guys, but it's basically everyone else's worst nightmare It's not so great for them either, but they won't get that for a long time, if ever.Suffice to say you won't convince them of this in an online comments section, either.
Joe Ambercrombie|...the more of a fool a man is, the less he cares to look like one
Hilary Mantel|If you get stuck, get away from your desk. Take a walk, take a bath, go to sleep, make a pie, draw, listen to ­music, meditate, exercise; whatever you do, don't just stick there scowling at the problem. But don't make telephone calls or go to a party; if you do, other people's words will pour in where your lost words should be. Open a gap for them, create a space. Be pat
Alain Daniélou, Gods of Love and Ecstasy: The Traditions of Shiva and Dionysus|The faithful of Shiva or Dionysus seek contact with those forces which...lead to a refusal of the politics, ambitions and limitations of ordinary social life. This does not involve simply a recognition of world harmony, but also an active participation in an experience which surpasses and upsets the order of material life.
Christopher Andersen, These Few Precious Days: The Final Year of Jack with Jackie|Ms Finney shared an office on the third floor with several other court reporters. Their software system was called Veritas. Theo had hacked into it before when he had been curious about something that happened in court. It was not a secure system because the information was available in open court. Anyone could walk into the courtroom and watch the trial. Anyone, of course, who was not confined by the rigors of middle school.
Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All|We Americans live in a nation where the medical-care system is second to none in the world, unless you count maybe 25 or 30 little scuzzball countries like Scotland that we could vaporize in seconds if we felt like it.
Henrietta Newton Martin ,Legal Consultant & Author|That night, the sea had invaded the land.
Martin Luther King Jr.|On some positions, cowardice asks the question, is it expedient? And then expedience comes along and asks the question, is it politic? Vanity asks the question, is it popular? Conscience asks the question, is it right?There comes a time when one must take the position that is neither safe nor politic nor popular, but he must do it because conscience tells him it is right.
David Cottrell, Monday Morning Mentoring: Ten Lessons to Guide You Up the Ladder|She sits down and puts her hand to her chest and rocks. Thinks of all she has lost and will lose. All she has had and will have. It seems to her that life is like gathering berries into an apron with a hole. Why do we keep on? Because the berries are beautiful, and we must eat to survive. We catch what we can. We walk past what we lose for the promise of more, just ahead.
Linda Hogan|Some people see scars, and it is wounding they remember. To me they are proof of the fact that there is healing.
Debasish Mridha|Oh my love, pure and divine love,I want to drown in youand then get lost,to find myself again and again,as a symbol and source of love,pure, blissful and divine.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|In the forty minutes I watched the muskrat, he never saw me, smelled me, or heard me at all. When he was in full view of course I never moved except to breathe. My eyes would move, too, following his, but he never noticed. Only once, when he was feeding from the opposite bank about eight feet away did he suddenly rise upright, all alert- and then he immediately resumed foraging. But he never knew I was there.I never knew I was there, either. For that forty minutes last night I was as purely sensitive and mute as a photographic plate; I received impressions, but I did not print out captions. My own self-awareness had disappeared; it seems now almost as though, had I been wired to electrodes, my EEG would have been flat. I have done this sort of thing so often that I have lost self-consciousness about moving slowly and halting suddenly. And I have often noticed that even a few minutes of this self-forgetfulness is tremendously invigorating. I wonder if we do not waste most of our energy just by spending every waking minute saying hello to ourselves. Martin Buber quotes an old Hasid master who said, “When you walk across the field with your mind pure and holy, then from all the stones, and all growing things, and all animals, the sparks of their souls come out and cling to you, and then they are purified and become a holy fire in you.
Antonio Damasio|Experience has taught me how important it is to just keep going, focusing on running fast and relaxed. Eventually it passes and the flow returns. It's part of racing.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades Darker|You have someone in your life whom you honor and revere so much that every hurt on them is inflicted on you as well. And the closer they are to you, the greater the pain.
Tyler Perry|I tell you the past is a bucket of ashes, so live not in your yesterdays, no just for tomorrow, but in the here and now. Keep moving and forget the post mortems; and remember, no one can get the jump on the future.
Donald Hall|I'm always ready for the enemy to come over the hill. I'm packed and set to go. That comes from my time in the army. I used to travel in a tank, but now it's a tour bus going to safer places.
Marie Lu, Legend|Day leans in toward me. He reaches up to touch my face. I can tell it still hurts him to use his fingers, and his nails are dark with dried blood. "You're brilliant," he says. "But you're a fool to stay wish someone like me."I close my eyes at the touch of his hand. "Then we're both fools.
John Charles Polanyi|Unless one always speaks the truth, one cannot find God Who is the soul of truth.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|When coming to sex: First served, first come.
Kate Bolick, Spinster: Making a Life of One's Own|When you're single, you are often buried in time, your mouth and eyes and ears stuffed with it. You hate it, rail against it, do whatever you can to get rid of it--work too much, drink too much, sleep around, make unsuitable friends, create an imaginary future filched from the lives of dead forgotten female writers...
Ilse Hildebrandt|Patience pays off, success and miracle, often in a very big way.
Jewel|People say, 'You have inspired me, you've given me courage...' They've gone so far as to say, 'You've changed my life!' And I would come back and say to my husband, 'I can't understand it - what kind of poor little life did she have if I had to come and change it?'
Lisa Kleypas, Married By Morning|And then to Leo’s surprise, Catherine smiled at him. A sweet, natural, brilliant smile, the first she had ever given him. Leo felt his chest tighten, and he went hot all over, as if some euphoric drug had gone straight to his nervous system.It felt like … happiness.He remembered happiness from a long time ago. He didn’t want to feel it. And yet the giddy warmth kept washing over him for no reason whatsoever.“Thank you,” Catherine said, the smile still hovering on her lips. “That is kind of you, my lord. But I will never dance with you.”Which, of course, made it the goal of Leo’s life.
Sarah Slean, The Baroness|Is this the truth we knew, and then forgot?Maybe the lies are all that we've gotBut aren't they beautiful?
Monica Johnson|Every morning I have something to do, I'm better off. It's bad to get up and not have something to do.
Franklin Gillette, Compatibility: The Code of Harmony for Love and Unity|And what makes humans so sure that thinking is the most important activity in the universe?...I on the contrary have never forgotten that first I existed and then, with a lot of difficulty, I learned to think." (p. 31)
Ramana Pemmaraju|When enlightened souls come in contact with ignorant people like you, they have to speak in YOUR language, because you are not yet qualified to speak to them, you have not yet mastered the ART to commune with them. Ordinarily communication happens between two minds, communion between two beings.
Robert Downey, Jr.|Mom and Dad were married 64 years. And if you wondered what their secret was, you could have asked the local florist - because every day Dad gave Mom a rose, which he put on her bedside table. That's how she found out what happened on the day my father died - she went looking for him because that morning, there was no rose.
James A. Garfield|I also hear your president say that war is the means of last resort and I think he means that. I met him last autumn and he assured me that they wanted to come through and disarm Iraq by peaceful means, and that's what we are trying to do as hard as we can.
Patricia Hampl, I Could Tell You Stories: Sojourns in the Land of Memory|A writer’s life is half ambition and half anxiety, and there has to be both. It is no good writing a novel and feeling fine, and it is no good writing a whole novel feeling miserable. It has to be both, that mixture of anxiety and ambition, and you get that with every novel, but more so when you write about these epics of human suffering. I felt that just as much when I wrote about the Gulag. Every writer knows what that is. The process goes… you have to think: ‘This novel I am writing is no good.’ Then you have to think: ‘All my novels are no good.’ And then, when you reach that point, you can begin.
Lowell McAdam|I played a million different sports when I was growing up. I started when I was probably five or six, and we'd just go from activity to activity to activity. I think, finally, my parents just realized that we were missing something in our lives. They realized that it was time for us as a family to start going to church.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Accidental Saints: Finding God in All the Wrong People|We are equal by fault, but never equal in acceptance.
Kingsley Opuwari Manuel|Don't envy results, seek to know the process. Don't want a man's glory till you hear his story. Sometimes what you see is not even the destination, it's just the current location but the result of a long journey. God sometimes would bring you to a point where it is much more than the gift...He captures your heart. My friend, not everything in the kingdom is a gift, somethings are rewards.
Christa Allan, Walking on Broken Glass|Enough," he said; "the cough is a mere nothing; it will not kill me. I shall not die of a cough." "True - true," I replied;
Sudhir Ahluwalia, Holy Herbs : Modern Connections to Ancient Plants|In general, it should be noted, biblical law is evolutionary, not revolutionary...
Passionate Dreamer|You want me,Andy. I can feel it. Yes I want you, I admitted.In a way you'll never want me.
Saint Basil|If you become a teacher, by your pupils you'll be taught.
Judy Collins|I love shopping; I'm a jeans and a T-shirt kind of girl, but I go classy when I dress up - with a little bit of sexy.
|It is impossible to remain at the bottom forever, if your thoughts and beliefs are in total agreement with the possibility of you residing at the top.
William Osler|Once you're labeled as mentally ill, and that's in your medical notes, then anything you say can be discounted as an artefact of your mental illness.
Marcel Proust, In the Shadow of Young Girls in Flower|I went back every evening, after work, for nearly a year. I learned the meaning of the cud of a leaf and the glisten of wet pebbles, and the special significance of curves and angles. A great deal of the writing was unwritten. Plot three dots on a graph and join them; you now have a curve with certain characteristics. Extend that curve while maintaining the characteristics, and it has meaning, up where no dots were plotted.In just this way I learned to extend the curve of a grass-blade and of a protruding root, of the bent edges of wetness on a drying headstone. I quit smoking so I could sharpen my sense of smell, because the scent of earth after a rain has a clarifying effect on graveyard reading, as if the page were made whiter and the ink darker. I began to listen to the wind, and to the voices of birds and small animals, insects and people; because to the educated ear, every sound is filtered through the story written on graves, and becomes a part of it.("The Graveyard Reader")
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Let us be silent, that we may hear the whisper of God.
Leon Panetta|Where there is an absence of international political leadership, civil society should step in to fill the gap, providing the energy and vision needed to move the world in a new and better direction.
Zbigniew Brzezinski|We have now under President Obama's leadership had 29 months in a row of private sector job growth. That stretch of positive private sector job growth hasn't happened since 2005. We still have a long way to go, but we are moving in the right direction.
|Speak life into your goals. Follow up with consistent actions, and at the appointed time, you would surely start to see them transform into realities.
Roshan Sharma|Unless you realize yourself beyond the identity of the mind, you cannot become free from life.
Shannon L. Alder|Words matter, but what matters more than words is forgiveness and compassion.
Tipper Gore|I was born and raised in California and benefited from California's excellent public schools, from kindergarten through medical school.
Cecil Castellucci, Tin Star|Shunting closer, I snuggle into his chest, soaking up his fresh woodsy scent. His arms encircle me and pull me close. “You always smell like home,” I whisper under my breath. Smooth, soft fingers tilt my chin upward, and I’m startled when my face meets his. Tears glisten in his eyes as he looks at me adoringly. Pressing his forehead to mine, he kisses me sweetly, his lips making brisk tantalizing sweeps across my mouth.“My heart is your home,” he whispers, his voice breathless. “It always will be.
Wilhelm Reich, The Mass Psychology of Fascism|The sum of productive forces, capital funds and social forms of intercourse, which every individual and generation finds in existence as something given, is the real basis of what the philosophers have conceived as "substance" and "essence of man," and what they have deified and attacked: a real basis which is not in the least disturbed, in its effect and influence on the development of men, by the fact that these philosophers revolt against it as "self-consciousness" and the "Unique.
Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations|Meditation is a journey to know yourself. Knowing yourself has many layers. Start knowing your bodily discomforts. Know your success, know your failures. Know your fears. Know your irritations. Know your pleasures, joy and happiness. Know your mental wounds. Go deeper and examine every feeling you have.
A.A. Milne|Tut, Tut, looks like rain
Sierra D. Waters, Debbie.|No amount of me trying to explain myself was doing any good. I didn't even know what was going on inside of me, so how could I have explained it to them?
Friedrich Nietzsche, Twilight of the Idols|For truth to tell, dancing in all its forms cannot be excluded from the curriculum of all noble education: dancing with the feet, with ideas, with words, and, need I add that one must also be able to dance with pen- that one must learn how to write
Steve Maraboli|You’ve loved with intensity and passion, and have learned to hide your heartache, learned to press your handkerchief back into your pocket and pretend that you are okay.
Scott Kaelen, The Lingering Remains|With no one to confide in, she'd held the argument inside her own head and naturally found a way to dissolve facts into concepts and concepts into explanations that in the end explained nothing at all.
Ken Robinson|Copernicus, Galileo, and Kepler did not solve an old problem, they asked a new question, and in doing so they changed the whole basis on which the old questions had been framed.
Takayuki Yamaguchi, Shigurui 11|No matter how pathetic or pitiful, every human is fated to have one moment in their lives in which they can change their own destiny.
P.C. Cast, Brighid's Quest|If you can't laugh, you won't make it.
Jeffrey Fry|If love is only like a disease, where when you learn the disease for you to able to kill it. I would learn how to love so that I can kill it when it comes.
Beryl Markham, West with the Night|The use of fashions in thought is to distract men from their real dangers. We direct the fashionable outcry of each generation against those vices of which it is in the least danger, and fix its approval on the virtue that is nearest the vice which we are trying to make endemic. The game is to have them all running around with fire extinguishers whenever there’s a flood; and all crowding to that side of the boat which is already nearly gone under.
Dogen|My neighbour asked if he could use my lawnmower and I told him of course he could, so long as he didn't take it out of my garden.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|You will rise above all limitations once you begin to live life with the right attitude. People who fail and fall are the people who see difficulties in every opportunity and call it "impossibility". Rise up!
Clifford D. Simak|Human beings are not seamless smooth creations, they have insoluble parts, and the closer you look the more mysterious they become.
Nikolai Gogol|But there is nothing enduring in the world, and therefore even joy in the second minute is already not as acute as in the first; in the third minute it becomes still weaker and finally merges unnoticeably with the usual condition of the soul, as a circle on the water, caused by the fall of a pebble, finally merges with the smooth surface.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|My dad had limitations. That's what my good-hearted mom always told us. He had limitations, but he meant no harm. It was kind of her to say, but he did do harm.
Stephen King, Full Dark, No Stars|If God rewards us on earth for good deeds—the Old Testament suggests it’s so, and the Puritans certainly believed it—then maybe Satan rewards us for evil ones.
Rachel K Kidder, Healing Grace Scripture Journal: 30 Day Bible Study Journal for Emotional Healing|May you see the light through the darkness, wisdom through the pain and strength through the suffering.
Brent Weeks, Beyond the Shadows|Sometimes, the only way to get justice is to take it for yourself.
Jeff Bridges|Men have a much better time of it than women. For one thing, they marry later; for another thing, they die earlier.
Arjun Dev Arora|The day time will stop moving, had I known and fulfillment will be the clock hands that will show many people the hour that passed and moment in which they are.
W.H. Auden, Another Time|Follow, poet, follow rightTo the bottom of the night,With your unconstraining voiceStill persuade us to rejoice;With the farming of a verseMake a vineyard of the curse,Sing of human unsuccessIn a rapture of distress;In the deserts of the heartLet the healing fountain start,In the prison of his daysTeach the free man how to praise.
Ernest Hemingway, A Moveable Feast|Beware the dark pool at the bottom of our hearts. In its icy, black depths dwell strange and twisted creatures it is best not to disturb.
Bertrand Russell, Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects|Science can teach us, and I think our hearts can teach us, no longer to look around for imaginary supporters, no longer to invent allies in the sky, but rather to look to our own efforts here below to make the world a fit place to live.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled.' Not only do the followers of Jesus renounce their rights, they renounce their own righteousness too. They get no praise for their achievements or sacrifices. They cannot have righteousness except by hungering and thirsting for it (this applies equally to their own righteousness and to the righteousness of God on Earth), always they look forward to the future righteousness of God, but they cannot establish it for themselves. Those who follow Jesus grow hungry and thirsty on the way.
Giancarlo Esposito|With all due respect to the nation's fish and game departments, more deer die because people hunt them than because people feed them.
Joe Bailey|In this journey called "Life" I've learned that God never consults our past to determine our future" ~Lá Tanyha Boyd
Ted Danson|The Keystone pipeline is one of those things that's sort of a political driver. And mostly, the Republicans use it to sort of embarrass the president and embarrass quite a few Democrats who feel that there's a potential for an environmental disaster.
DJ Khaled|You can only learn so much from books. You can only learn so much from education. Ultimately, it is the wisdom of God that will carry you through in the toughest situations of life.
Israelmore Ayivor|It does not matter how sweet you can sing a song of love. You must know how to dance along with it. You can't dance "salsa dance" on a "reggae song".
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Your judgments about another person say more about your own character than the character of the person you are pointing a finger at.This is the key and one of the most fundamental insights about the ‘red flags’ that we often dismiss regarding the people in our lives. If someone complains a lot to you about other people, guess what? That is part of their current character. And, as quickly as the tide changes, you can just as easily become the person they target and criticize, point fingers at, and negatively judge. Forever and always, until vibrations are raised, this will be the cycle of the relationship. So, it’s your choice to continue to engage in the cycle with them, or to move on.There are plenty of people who do not criticize, point fingers, or judge. THIS is the kind of character we want to foster within ourselves. THIS is the character of the kind of people we DO want to develop close relationships with.
Jonathan Safran Foer|I kept thinking how they were all names of dead people, and how names are basically the only thing dead people keep.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|It is good to have an end to journey toward; but it is the journey that matters, in the end.
Anne Lamott, Blue Shoe|Mattie sat at the table, obsessing, orbiting around herself. She was sick of her worried, hostile mind. It would have killed her long before, she felt, if it hadn't needed the transportation.
Mark Galli|My point is, however, that churches do promote beliefs that would more appropriately find a place in a context of intellectual debate. They wind up cheerleading for highly dubious opinions on historical, scientific, and metaphysical matters, simply on the bases of emotional preference and the inertia of tradition. They demand conformity to these beliefs, and if you cannot swim with the current, then, well partner, maybe you'd be happier in another pool, another lake in fact, the one ablaze with burning sulfur.
Richelle E. Goodrich|The magic of reading happens when an author’s written work strings you along until your imagination, aware of your wants, molds the tale into an extraordinary world to be visited frequently—perhaps dwelt in for years.
Justin Lee, Torn: Rescuing the Gospel from the Gays-vs.-Christians Debate|... challenge the church to do better, be more of who Christ wants us to be ...
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|​Everything that makes you, you, is a biologically existential expression of your entire brain.
Samuel R. Delany, Stars in My Pocket Like Grains of Sand|In Arachnia as it is spoken on Nepiy, ‘she’ is the pronoun for all sentient individuals of whatever species who have achieved the legal status of ‘woman’. The ancient, dimorphic form ‘he’, once used exclusively for the genderal indication of males (cf. the archaic term man, pl. men), for more than a hundred-twenty years now, has been reserved for the general sexual object of ‘she’, during the period of excitation, regardless of the gender of the woman speaking or the gender of the woman referred to.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|Have you ever noticed how as an adult, all the bright colors go out of your life? Now that I’m not a kid anymore, things always look gray, like a clothesline draped with laundry that’s been washed too many times and left to stand in the wind. I guess that’s what growing up is… it’s a fading photograph.
Hans Zimmer|The flame that is naturally clear always gives the most light and heat. If I could blend my talent for poetry and music into one, the light would burn still clearer, and I might go far.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When you do something different, you are either blessed or cursed!
Luke Scott|Every man must have the right fearlessly to think independently and express his opinion about what he knows, what he has personally thought about and experienced, and not merely to express with slightly different variations the opinion which has been inculcated in him.
Don Watson|There is nothing quite like a real political whiz. Some adopt an inscrutable, almost somnolent demeanour and make you beg for their wisdom, while others come at you like a whirlwind. The effect in both cases is the same: even when you think they must be extracting certitude from guesses or cucumbers from sunbeams, you are captive, not only to the verbal artistry but to the weight of the movement, the sense that on these matters to which you are now privy the course of history depends, Politics being civil war by other means, it is fought with the same volumes of smoke and passion and ruthless brutality, and it leaves some of the same psychic wounds. All political environments - democratic, republican and monarchical - have this much in common: it is never more than a short walk in any direction to find someone who disagrees with the last person you spoke to, or who envies or disapproves or wants to thwart him, or who feels thwarted, threatened or misused by him.As our conversation in the Four Seasons concluded, my friend stubbed out the butt of his cigar. I still had three inches to smoke. I left with it and later that evening I met a consultant, also from the Democratic side, who tried to put me wise to the first man’s failings. To be frank, I was left not knowing whom to believe. The consultant told me that these days he thinks it impossible for the US political system to throw up people or parties of true character, vision or integrity. (A businessman from the Republican side once told me the same thing.) Rather, the system is now ideal for hacks, ‘yes men’ and fodder for lobbyists. Political thinking has become institutionalised and incapable of solving the country’s problems. The press has lost character in proportion to the politician, and accepts their values and arguments almost without question. He thought universal national service with a non-military option might be one way to spread the burden and rekindle a sense of shared responsibility.
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|Got an idea to start", "Thinking to start" and "Making a commitment to start" is one aspect of life.Actually "Starting" what you truly want to do in life, is a completely different ball game.
Eric Roxas|To admit your ignorance is freeing. To say, "I don't know" is to free yourself from having to come up with a bullshit answer.
John Connolly, The Infernals|Maybe our greatest enemy isn’t the evil around us, but the evil inside us.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Fancy Pants|When the world is pregnant with lies, a secret long hidden will be revealed.
Andrew Solomon|My first experiences of Colorado travel have been rather severe. At Greeley, I got a small upstairs room at first, but gave it up to a married couple with a child, and then had one downstairs no bigger than a cabin, with only a canvas partition. It was very hot, and every place was thick with black flies.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|For if there's no everlasting God, there's no such thing as virtue, and there's no need of it.
Abhysheq Shukla, Feelings Undefined: The Charm of the Unsaid|Memories of the past are what drive us, whether to a life of beauty or a life of insanity is up to us.
Jonathan Swift, Gulliver's Travels|Besides," said Suriyawong. "This was not a rescue operation.""What was it, target practice? Chinese skeet?""An offer of transportation to an invited guest of the Hegemon," said Suriyawong. "And the loan of a knife."Achilles held up the bloody thing, dangling it from the point. "Yours?" he asked."Unless you want to clean it," said Suriyawong.Achillese handed it to him. Suriyawong took out his cleaning kit and wiped down the blade, then began to polish it."You wanted me to die," said Achilles quietly."I expected you to solve your own problems," said Suriyawong.
Gordon Gee|Cutting the deficit by gutting our investments in innovation and education is like lightening an overloaded airplane by removing its engine. It may make you feel like you're flying high at first, but it won't take long before you feel the impact.
Hjalmar Branting|All my life through, the new sights of Nature made me rejoice like a child.
Dale Carnegie, How to Win Friends and Influence People|I, Lexi Anderson, am proud to say that I do, indeed, have a great personality.And it's only a matter of time before the Beautiful People will be wishing they had great personalities, too.Good luck with that, oh Beautiful Ones.Because we Great Girls are the rarest breed.
Glenn Beck|America experienced its first oil shock. Within days of the cutoff, oil prices rose from $2.90 to $11.65 a barrel; gasoline prices soared from 20 cents to $1.20 a gallon, an all-time high. Across America, fuel shortages forced factories to close early and airlines to cancel flights. Filling stations posted signs: 'Sorry, No Gas Today.' If a station did have gasoline, motorists lined up before sunrise to buy a few gallons; owners limited the amount sold to each customer. Motorists grew impatient. Fistfights broke out, and occasionally, gunfire. President Nixon called for America to end its dependence on foreign oil. 'Let us set as our national goal. . . that by the end of this decade we will have developed the potential to meet our own energy needs without depending on any foreign energy source,' he said. We have still not met this goal.
Ben Bernanke|I think that a failure of statistical thinking is the major intellectual shortcoming of our universities, journalism and intellectual culture.
M.R.C. Kasasian, The Mangle Street Murders|So much was so easy. Glamour was second nature. It was just making folk see what they wanted to see. Fooling folk was as simple as singing. Tricking folk and telling lies, it was like breathing.But this? Convincing someone of the truth that they were too twisted to see? How could you even begin?
Jaye Wells, Blue-Blooded Vamp|When angry, count to Zen.
Kamand Kojouri|Because even if you spend your life chasing the immaterial, listening to the most exquisite classical music and getting drunk off of stunning vistas of mountains and waterfalls, all of it isn't worth a dime if you aren’t sharing it with someone. Everything amounts to that. True, we must experience most things in solitude to grow, create, destroy and grow again, but our pleasure and joy reaches a threshold in isolation. It is the worst thing to become an island. One must become the whole world.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|If you learn from many wise men who disagree one another,you will find that there are many wisdoms came out of truth.In the end, you must find truth and define your own wisdom.
Robert F. Kennedy|This world demands the qualities of youth; not a time of life but a state of mind, a temper of the will, a quality of the imagination, a predominance of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over the life of ease.
Eda J. Vor, Like Two Opposite Things|The broken heart. You think you will die, but you keep living, day after day after terrible day.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Ruby's was where I'd long picked up delicious bits and pieces of small-town troubles, and of course, Ramona Jean was my very best source.
Stephen Collins|I ground my faith upon God's word, and not upon the church.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|Life is flinching in the midst of breathing, gasping at the thought of dying. It’s climbing ropeless up sheer rock faces, groping for the next finger-hole of hope. Steady on! Only a thousand feet to go and after that a jungle, a minefield, a rapids. (Can I stop smiling now?)Once, not long ago, I was flung off the cliff of the moment, thrust into an illicit relationship with destiny, an affair not of my making. Was I making love or being raped? The lines were fuzzy.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|Even if one is doing nothing more than eating Chinese food with one's Muslim and Jewish friends (don't order the pork lo mein), being together on the longest nights of the year, as the cold sets into the ground and makes it crunch, the warmth inside is infectious and transcendent.
Arthur C. Clarke, Childhood's End|Let us say that you might have become a telepathic cancer, a malignant mentality which in its inevitable dissolution would have poisoned other and greater minds.
Philip K Dick|A brand-new tape recorder, completely worn out. Bought with funny money that the store is willing to accept. Worthless money, worthless article purchased; it has a sort of logic to it.
Bohumil Hrabal, Dancing Lessons for the Advanced in Age|No book worth its salt is meant to put you to sleep, it's meant to make you jump out of your bed in your underwear and run and beat the author's brains out.
Aaron Sorkin|The movies are all about visual, and television is all about character and dialogue.
Arundhati Roy, The Cost of Living|Aloneness and all-oneness is our authentic nature. We are always alone and all-one. We came into this planet alone and all-one. We will leave alone and all-one. And also during our whole staying in this world, no matter how we engage in relationships, we continue to be alone and all-one, though we may forget about it or pretend it is not the case.True love has nothing to do with the idea that someone is the other half of my soul and that I need him or her in order to be whole and feel complete. Only when we can be alone and all-one with someone there is true love, regardless of whether that someone is still with us or not.And yet... I miss you...
Lewis Buzbee, The Yellow-Lighted Bookshop: A Memoir, a History|For the last several days I've had the sudden and general urge to buy a new book. I've stopped off at a few bookstores around the city, and while I've looked at hundreds and hundreds of books in that time, I have not found the one book that will satisfy my urge. It's not as if I don't have anything to read; there's a tower of perfectly good unread books next to my bed, not to mention the shelves of books in the living room I've been meaning to reread. I find myself, maddeningly, hungry for the next one, as yet unknown. I no longer try to analyze this hunger; I capitulated long ago to the book lust that's afflicted me most of my life. I know enough about the course of the disease to know I'll discover something soon.
Eileen Workman, Sacred Economics: The Currency of Life|Socrates once said, "The unexamined life is not worth living." I would expand on his thought by suggesting, "The unexamined society is not worth living in.
Alastair Reynolds, Revelation Space|...we took the 10 machines we agreed were the most beguiling, and we put them on permanent exhibit in the foyer of this library underneath a sign whose words can surely be applied to this whole ruined planet nowadays: THE COMPLICATED FUTILITY OF IGNORANCE
Haidji, SG - Suicide Game|I read everyday, because reading takes me away, away to a place where nothing is impossible.
Richelle Mead, Succubus Dreams|I took a deep breath. "Are you free tonight?" 	 There was a long, pregnant pause. "What about the man in the dream?" he finally asked. "There is no man in the dream.
Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield|I have seen what a laugh can do. It can transform almost unbearable tears into something bearable, even hopeful.
Kevin Hearne, Tricked|No matter how old I get, I keep running into people who are smarter, nobler, and kinder. I really ought to start listening to them and telling my pride to shut up. I had gods tell me not to go to Asgard. I had witches tell me not to go to Flagstaff. You told me this plan wouldn't work. But I barreled ahead anyway for my own reasons. I still have plenty of growing to do.
Hermann Hesse|Liberation from ego is what we shramanas are seeking, O Exalted One. If I were your disciple, O Venerable One, I'm afraid it might befall me that my ego would be pacified and liberated only seemingly, only illusorily, that in reality it would survive and grow great, for then I would make the teaching, my discipleship, my love for you, and the community of the monks into my ego!
Janet Gallagher Nestor, Nurturing Wellness Through Radical Self-Care: A Living in Balance Guide and Workbook|Prolonged stress causes the human body to make adaptations so it can continue to serve you at a functional level. The more stress, the more adaptations.
Anthony T. Hincks|Buddha lets me see the world in color so that I can appreciate its color.Just as God too lets you see the color of beauty in the world.And so too with Allah because he lets you see the beauty in everything.....I cannot begin to understand all religions, but I know one thing.Color brings love into our world regardless of who we are; what we preach or what we believe in.And to me, that is the only truth that I know.
Cassandra Golds, The Museum of Mary Child|For love was a kind of folly, a losing game. The greatest of all Wastes of Time. But then, that depended on what you thought time was for.
Nico and Gleeson Hedge|It was almost enough to make me turn vegetarian, except for the pesky fact that I loved cheeseburgers.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Here I Am|How many times, in those first weeks, did he enter the room and stand by the door, unable to speak? How many times did she ask, "Do you need anything?"And he would say, "No."And she would say "Are you sure?"And he would say, "Yes," but think, Ask again.And she would say, "I know," but think, Come to me.And he would say , "Ask again."And she would say, "Come to me."And saying nothing, he would.There they would be, side by side, her hand on his thigh, his head resting on her chest. If they had been teenagers, it would have looked like the beginning of love, but they'd been married for twenty years, and it was the exhumation of love.
Stephen King, 11/22/63|The narrator, a time traveler from 2011, scoffs at the despondency caused by the Cuban Missile Crisis -- especially the drug and alcohol use of a resident of 1962 he supposedly cares about. Then he finds his compassion because he remembers he is the exception in being able to see beyond the immediate -- and foreboding -- horizon.
Amit Kalantri|God gave us ground we created a city, God gave us time we need to create a future.
Deyth Banger|The world, control phones, don't you think??? But not only phones everything, the world time and how is build make you angry and nerves. Good moments pass fast, bad pass slow, but WHY?? It's th right question?
Jonathan Odell, The Healing|By law, a slaw was three-fifths of a person. It came to me that what I’d just suggested would seem paramount to proclaiming vegetables equal to animals, animals equal to humans, women equal to men, men equal to angels. I was upending the order of creation. Strangest of all, it was the first time thoughts of equality had entered my head, and I could only attribute it to God, with whom I’d lately taken up and who was proving to be more insurrectionary than law-abiding.
Farkas Bolyai|Please give it up. Fear it no less than the sensual passion, because it, too, may take up all your time and deprive you of your health, peace of mind and happiness in life.[Having himself spent a lifetime unsuccessfully trying to prove Euclid's postulate that parallel lines do not meet, Farkas discouraged his son János from any further attempt.]
J.A. Redmerski, Dirty Eden|He stopped and leaned against a pole and looked up at the deaf and swollen sky. It was a movement of dark shapes, a hurrying, a running.He closed his eyes. ("Hunger")
Rebecca Berto, Converge|Finishing my thoughts aloud meant saying how my dad had passed, and I had failed. How I had smoked joints and lay in bed enabling my hopelessness. I’d been the ugly in my world.
J. Sterling, The Perfect Game|Because once you give your body to a guy, there's no taking it back. And once you've done that it opens up feelings, emotions and vulnerabilities you never knew you were capable of having. I'm not ready to give him my heart. What if he breaks it?
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|In its own unique and indefinable manner, music indirectly communicates the joys of life along with the pains and terrors overwhelming humanity. The universal language of music quantities the human experience, its range of variation encapsulates the scale of humankind’s exuberance for living as well as expresses our apprehension of suffering and death. Because music articulates the quintessence of life and yokes a myriad of human events into an expressible format, music is a critical act.
Margherita Missoni|I think the only consistent thing is that I like projects that explore different social themes. 'Our Family Wedding' is a comedy, but it deals with two different cultures coming together. It's also about people letting go.
D.H. Lawrence, Selected Letters|For God’s sake, let us be mennot monkeys minding machinesor sitting with our tails curledwhile the machine amuses us, the radio or film or gramophone.Monkeys with a bland grin on our faces.
Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography|Jay Maisel always says to bring your camera, ‘cause it’s tough to take a picture without it. Pursuant to the above aforementioned piece of the rule book, subset three, clause A, paragraph four would be…use the camera.Put it to your eye. You never know. There are lots of reasons, some of them even good, to just leave it on your shoulder or in your bag. Wrong lens. Wrong light. Aaahhh, it’s not that great, what am I gonna do with it anyway? I’ll have to put my coffee down. I’ll just delete it later, why bother? Lots of reasons not to take the dive into the eyepiece and once again try to sort out the world into an effective rectangle.It’s almost always worth it to take a look.
Jack Kerouac|There is overwhelming evidence that the higher the level of self-esteem, the more likely one will be to treat others with respect, kindness, and generosity.
Elbert Hubbard|The more refined and subtle our minds, the more vulnerable they are.
Brenna Yovanoff|I had only to remember that centuries before, men fell in battle for the daughter of Troy, that passions carried greater weight than decorum. It took so little to prove that human life and property are devastatingly temporary. All she had to do was lie down for a prince. They burned the city to the ground.
Francis A. Schaeffer, How Should We Then Live? The Rise and Decline of Western Thought and Culture|Whether the Bible is Law or Gospel depends on the spiritual condition of the one hearing it. If someone is regenerate and loves God, then the whole Bible is Gospel to him. If someone is unregenerate and hates God, the whole Bible is Law to him, the whole thing condemns him.
Joseph M. Chiron, Tagged: The Apocalypse|He knew what he had found here, a precious treasure that had remained hidden away for so long. To the right man, she could give more happiness and fulfilment than any amount of gold, or gems. Just by holding her in his arms, he knew this. He had the key to her heart in his hands. All he had to do was unlock her, and he would enjoy the most wondrous chest of delights. He knew it and he knew, too, that nothing would ever compensate him should he lose her.
Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton|Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it.
Gena Showalter, Twice as Hot|with a touch of sarcasm. “Glass is an amazing material. Versatile,
Debasish Mridha|When you love your work then it isn't work, it's your love affair.
Paul Bamikole|If your success is as a result of a trail of tears & hurt you left in anothers life, Karmas' watching.
Judith Guest, Ordinary People|. . . crazy world or maybe it's just the view we have of it, looking through a crack in the door, never being able to see the whole room, the whole picture.
Sarah Schulman, Conflict Is Not Abuse: Overstating Harm, Community Responsibility, and the Duty of Repair|Any pain that human beings can create, human beings can transcend.
Yash Gupta|Friends were hundred ,Kites were none ,This was the time when I was young.Now the kites are hundred ,Friends are none,Sitting under the sun.
Anne Fortier, Juliet|To Cono’s mind the three assailants were all three nearly motionless even as they skittered and dodged, firing, maneuvering for a kill. Cono felt exhilaration—the ecstatic awareness that his strange brain and body had ordained him for just such moments, by allowing him to enter a space outside of time.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|One kind of loneliness is the loneliness of solitude. If you have repented, surrendered, and committed your heart and life to Him, Christ forgives . . . and takes you into His family; He brings you to the hearth, and you feel the warmth of the fire. If you are lonely today, seek Christ and know the fellowship that He brings.
Haider Ali|In ActualHuman Rights are"caring" for Humans left on the planet
Théophile Gautier, Clarimonde|I had never been into society; for me the world was the enclosure of the college and the seminary. I had a vague knowledge that there was a something called woman, but I never dwelt upon the subject; I was absolutely innocent. I saw my infirm old mother only twice a year; that was the extent of my connection with the outside world.
Katherine Addison, The Goblin Emperor|After a time, he felt a deeper rhythm, the rhythm of the stone and water, not the rhythm of his words and heartbeat. He breathed into this deeper rhythm, let it teach him a new mantra, a wordless mantra that waxed and waned, ebbed and flowed, moon and stars and clouds, river and sun, the wordless singing of the earth beneath it all like the world's own heartbeat. He laid his palms flat on the stone beneath him and listened in quiet rapture to the mantra of the world's praying.
Jeffrey Fry|If you like a person at their worst, you will love them at their best.
Herman Melville, Bartleby the Scrivener|Ah, happiness courts the light so we deem the world is gay. But misery hides aloof so we deem that misery there is none.
Debasish Mridha|What you want to see, allow it and let it be.
Evan Osnos|As a writer, I tend to be drawn to marginal people - writers, poet-prophets, seers, eccentrics - who embody the deeper ambivalences of their societies and bear deeper witness to their world than the famous figures we are used to celebrating, or demonizing, in our histories.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Fear least have power! The power of fear lies in the power of our fears. Without the power of our fears, fear is least empowered!
Auliq-Ice|Speechless is not even a good enough word to describe what I feel when I see the pictures of how we have transformed the world from the good to bad, from natural to artificial, physical appearance to daily makeup. I think I want to go with the word ENRAGED, DISGUSTED, or better yet INSULTED .
Hamza Yusuf|The beauty of Islamic System is that in contrast to the current international judicial systems, it involves the victims or their heirs in the process of deciding the quantum of the punishment. The responsibility of the court is to examine the charges, decide the nature of the crime and the involvement of the accused persons and then announce the Maximum Permissible Punishment available under Islamic law. Following that, it is the right of the victims or their heirs to either allow the maximum punishment or to reduce or pardon it, in return or not of an adequate compensation, to be decided through mutual understanding.
Philip K. Dick, A Scanner Darkly|That's what it means to die, to not be able to stop looking at whatever's in front of you. Some darn thing placed directly there, with nothing you can do about it...
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|What makes the desert beautiful,' said the little prince, 'is that somewhere it hides a well...
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do not forget you mother, when she is old.
Abby Norman|When I became too much myself, I had to change my life.
Jean Lorrain, Monsieur De Phocas|...the presence of others has become even more intolerable to me, their conversation most of all. Oh, how it all annoys and exasperates me: their attitudes, their manners, their whole way of being! The people of my world, all my unhappy peers, have come to irritate, oppress and sadden me with their noisy and empty chatter, their monstrous and boundless vanity, their even more monstrous egotism, their club gossip... the endless repetition of opinions already formed and judgments already made; the automatic vomiting forth of articles read in those morning papers which are the recognised outlet of the hopeless wilderness of their ideas; the eternal daily meal of overfamiliar cliches concerning racing stables and the stalls of fillies of the human variety... the hutches of the 'petites femmes' - another worn out phrase in the dirty usury of shapeless expression!Oh my contemporaries, my dear contemporaries...Their idiotic self-satisfaction; their fat and full-blown self-sufficiency: the stupid display of their good fortune; the clink of fifty- and a hundred-franc coins forever sounding out their financial prowess, according their own reckoning; their hen-like clucking and their pig-like grunting, as they pronounce the names of certain women; the obesity of their minds, the obscenity of their eyes, and the toneless-ness of their laughter! They are, in truth, handsome puppets of amour, with all the exhausted despondency of their gestures and the slackness of their chic...Chic! A hideous word, which fits their manner like a new glove: as dejected as undertakers' mutes, as full-blown as Falstaff...Oh my contemporaries: the ceusses of my circle, to put it in their own ignoble argot. They have all welcomed the moneylenders into their homes, and have been recruited as their clients, and they have likewise played host to the fat journalists who milk their conversations for the society columns. How I hate them; how I execrate them; how I would love to devour them liver and lights - and how well I understand the Anarchists and their bombs!
Toni Morrison|If you're a writer, you'll know it by the distinct feeling of only being able to breathe properly when alone with your characters. All other times, I'm panting--just pining for the next time I can be with them.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Whether you like it or not, your life is passing away.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Accidental Saints: Finding God in All the Wrong People|So often in the church, being a pastor or a "spiritual leader" means being the example of  "godly living." A pastor is supposed to be the person who is really good at this Christianity stuff — the person others can look to as an example of righteousness. But as much as being the person who is the best Christian, who "follows Jesus" the most closely can feel a little seductive, it's simply never been who I am or who my parishioners need me to be. I'm not running after Jesus. Jesus is running my ass down. Yeah, I am a leader, but I'm leading them onto the street to get hit by the speeding bus of confession and absolution, sin and sainthood, death and resurrection — that is, the gospel of  Jesus Christ. I'm a leader, but only by saying, "Oh, screw it. I'll go first.
Truman Capote, Music for Chameleons|Some cities, like wrapped boxes under Christmas trees, conceal unexpected gifts, secret delights. Some cities will always remain wrapped boxes, containers of riddles never to be solved, nor even to be seen by vacationing visitors, or, for that matter, the most inquisitive, persistent travelers.
Algernon Charles Swinburne|But now, you are twain, you are cloven apartFlesh of his flesh, but heart of my heart.
Tyra Lynn, Tempus|And now I may dismiss my heroine to the sleepless couch, which is the true heroine's portion - to a pillow strewed with thorns and wet with tears. And lucky may she think herself, if she get another good night's rest in the course of the next three months.
Luis Enrique Cavazos, The Five Virtues That Awaken Your Life|Hope is an all seeing eye that triangles the eternal humbleness in our existence. Hope is what makes us smile through our unwavering faith. When we hope, we organize our details to become conscious citizens of the world.
Salman Rushdie|When you write, you write out of your best self. Everything else drops away.
Bob Thurber, Nothing But Trouble|I’m a threat to anything that hurts Wonderland, including indifference.
H.A. Ironside|It is the most sweet and comfortable knowledge; to be studying Jesus Christ, what is it but to be digging among all the veins and springs of comfort? And the deeper you dig, the more do these springs flow upon you. How are hearts ravished with the discoveries of Christ in the gospel? what ecstasies, meltings, transports, do gracious souls meet there? Doubtless, Philip’s ecstasy, John 1: 25. 'eurekamen Iesoun,' 'We have found Jesus,' was far beyond that of Archimedes. A believer could sit from morning to night, to hear discourses of Christ; 'His mouth is most sweet', Cant. [i.e., Song of Solomon] 5: 16.
Simone Weil, Gravity and Grace|Belief in immortality is harmful because it is not in our power to conceive of the soul as really incorporeal. So this belief is in fact a belief in the prolongation of life, and it robs death of its purpose.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, The Wisdom Huntress: Anthology of Thoughts and Narrations|Then I saw his kind eyes, a comfort I desired. Then I saw his height, a knight I needed by my side. Then I saw his body, a man I surrendered to.
Jerry Pinto, Em and The Big Hoom|In their brief time together Slothrop forms the impression that this octopus is not in good mental health, though where's his basis for comparing?
Lizzie Lynn Lee, Wicked Game|Her body was designed for pleasure, not speed, and Coop intended to take his time with it.
Holly Lynn Payne, DAMASCENA - The Tale of Roses and Rumi|Your Mistakes don't define you, rather it directs you towards your goal and leads you to victory.
Lucy Christopher, Stolen: A Letter to My Captor|There is no need to put your heart in a bottle, then you will die.- Ty from Stolen
Arthur Schopenhauer, Parerga and Paralipomena|Spirit? Who is that fellow? And where do you know him from? Is he perhaps not merely an arbitrary and convenient hypostasis that you have not even defined, let alone deduced or proved? Do you think you have an audience of old women in front of you?
Nelson Mandela|There is little to be said in favour of poverty, but it was often an incubator of true friendship. Many people will appear to befriend you when you are wealthy, but precious few will do the same when you are poor
Stephen Richards|When life is tough, use Cosmic Ordering. When life is great, use Cosmic Ordering.
Stephen Pagliuca|A successful entrepreneur can't be afraid of failures or setbacks. An initial setback can be a great opportunity to take a new and more promising approach to any problem, to come back stronger than ever.
Ian Mckellen|There are ways in which you can make sure that even if people come to the theatre because they know an actor or actress, by the end, they've forgotten that, and they leave going, 'Wow - what an amazing play.'
Theodore Roosevelt|A man of character finds a special attractiveness in difficulty, since it is only by coming to grips with difficulty that he can realize his potentialities.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|I remember the whole beginning as a succession of flights and drops, a little seesaw of the right throbs and wrong.
Publilius Syrus|When we separate ourselves from the rest of the world, the world becomes a lonely and difficult place to live in. When we see ourselves as completely separate, we cannot call upon the power and strength that comes from unity, from being part of a greater whole. In today's world, we buy into the lie that if we do see ourselves as--or make ourselves into--a part of the greater whole, then we'll lose our identity and become nothing more than another face in the crowd, a lemming who does nothing but follow others and never creates his or her own life. Nothing, though, could be further from the truth.
Bhagat Singh|In an open society, no idea can be above scrutiny, just as no people should be beneath dignity.
Charbel Tadros|Thus far, the only people who can grant you immortality are not scientists, but writers. By writing you into their books, they may not only immortalize you, but also grant you superpowers.
Paula McLain, The Paris Wife|dear samanthai’m sorrywe have to get a divorcei know that seems like an odd way to start a love letter but let me explain:it’s not youit sure as hell isn’t meit’s just human beings don’t love as well as insects doi love you.. far too much to let what we have be ruined by the failings of our speciesi saw the way you looked at the waiter last nighti know you would never DO anything, you never do but..i saw the way you looked at the waiter last nightdid you know that when a female fly accepts the pheromones put off by a male fly, it re-writes her brain, destroys the receptors that receive pheromones, sensing the change, the male fly does the same. when two flies love each other they do it so hard, they will never love anything else ever again. if either one of them dies before procreation can happen both sets of genetic code are lost forever. now that… is dedication.after Elizabeth and i broke up we spent three days dividing everything we had bought togetherlike if i knew what pots were mine like if i knew which drapes were mine somehow the pain would go awaythis is not trueafter two praying mantises mate, the nervous system of the male begins to shut downwhile he still has control over his motor functionshe flops onto his back, exposing his soft underbelly up to his lover like a giftshe then proceeds to lovingly dice him into tiny cubesspooning every morsel into her mouthshe wastes nothingeven the exoskeleton goesshe does this so that once their children are born she has something to regurgitate to feed themnow that.. is selflessnessi could never do that for youso i have a new plani’m gonna leave you nowi’m gonna spend the rest of my life committing petty injusticesi hope you do the samei will jay walk at every opportunity i will steal things i could easily affordi will be rude to strangersi hope you do the samei hope reincarnation is reali hope our petty crimes are enough to cause us to be reborn as lesser creatures i hope we are reborn as fliesso that we can love each other as hard as we were meant to.
H.M. Forester|Now there was great rejoicing at the rumor of Alderic's quest, for all folk knew that he was a cautious man, and they deemed that he would succeed and enrich the world, and they rubbed their hands in the cities at the thought of largesse; and there was joy among all men in Alderic's country, except perchance among the lenders of money, who feared they would soon be paid. And there was rejoicing also because men hoped that when the Gibbelins were robbed of their hoard, they would shatter their high-built bridge and break the golden chains that bound them to the world, and drift back, they and their tower, to the moon, from which they had come and to which they rightly belonged. There was little love for the Gibbelins, though all men envied their hoard.("The Hoard Of The Gibbelins")
Friedrich Nietzsche|Shake off this downy sleep, death’s counterfeit,And look on death itself!
L.M. Montgomery|I think it is because I have a habit, when I am bored or disgusted with people of stepping suddenly into my own world and shutting the door. People resent this -- I suppose it is only natural to resent a door being shut in your face. They call it slyness when it is only self-defense.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|My goal is not to upset the apple cart, but to make it more accessible.
V.E. Schwab|Kell tipped his head so that his copper hair tumbled out of his eyes, revealing not only the crisp blue of the left one but the solid black of the right. A black that ran edge to edge, filling white and iris both. There was nothing human about that eye. It was pure magic. The mark of the blood magician.
Todd  Johnson, The Sweet By and By|In life, you have to take lots of decisions and if you don't take decisions you would never do anything because you would spend all your time choosing between things you could do.
Avinash Advani|Dare to dream again.For dreaming is the language of your soul,And nothing your soul truly desires could ever be wrong or impossible.
David Bowie|Like it or not, Google and the Chinese government are stuck in a tense, long-term relationship, and can look forward to more high-stakes shadow-boxing in the netherworld of the world's most elaborate system of censorship.
Asaad Almohammad, An Ishmael of Syria|As a citizen of the world, it’s my instinct to keep the fallen and the suffering in my thoughts. The human brain fascinates me; its limitless bounds of empathy. You see, in my mind there is logic to it: do no harm, prevent harm, help, support, care for the harmed, face the harmer. My stupid idealist conscience considers sympathy, not pity, at its worst, the most basic and the least negotiable civil duty. Of course as a citizen of the world, I should strive to do more. That said, I am only a man and so I often do the least.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|We are hard pressed on every side, but not crushed; perplexed, but not in despair; persecuted, but not abandoned; struck down, but not destroyed. 2 Corinthians 4:8-9
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|Lat at nigh have you experienced a vision of the person you might become, the work you could accomplish, the realized being you were mean to be? Are you a writer who doesn't write, a painter who doesn't pain, an entrepreneur who never starts a venture? Then you know what Resistance is.
K.M. Shea, My Life at the M.B.R.C.|Excellent. Aristotle will introduce you to the employees at the desk,' Dr. Creamintin beamed.'What what? I shall do no such thing!" the fluffy little owl argued. 'Cease your complaining Aristotle. Until Dave and Frey return, you haven't any work to do. Now go introduce the poor girl,' Dr. Creamintin ordered. 'Nevah, I say, nevah!' the owl decided, shaking his little butt. 'Too bad, I say, too bad,' Dr. Creamintin mocked before snatching the little bird off his stand on Felisha's desk and throwing him out of the office.
Karina Szczurek, The Fifth Mrs Brink: A Memoir|... Join me with my rumination of the human youwarned me of."-Abanir to Rabel
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|Too Clear, too clean. The problem was precision, perfection; the problem was "digitization" which sucked the life out of everything that got smeared through its microscopic mesh. Film, photography, music: dead. "An aesthetic holocaust!
Robyn Sarah, The Touchstone: New and Selected Poems|The past is uselessto me now:an old suitcasewith mould in the lining,heavy even when empty.
John Dean|Jealousy is like wood ants, it will nibble away, until there's nothing left.
Edith Wharton, The Buccaneers|And, beginning to grind his teeth again, Pyotr Petrovich admitted that he'd been a fool--but only to himself, of course.
Elizabeth George|Therefore the clever combatant imposes his will on the enemy, but does not allow the enemy's will to be imposed on him.
Stephen King, Insomnia|As soon as reality breaks, as soon as we're separated from the phsical world, the cracks begin to appear in our minds. And through them seeps the madness that has always been there, flowing into your skull like a liquid nightmare ..
Jenim Dibie, The Calligraphy of God|We colour the world,Not with the darkness of our pasts, But with the rainbow of our hope.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|On that piece of white paper, Sam wrote, "Write about me sometime." And I typed back to her, standing right there in her bedroom. I just typed. "I will."And I felt good that those were the first two words that I ever typed on my new old typewriter that Sam gave me. We just sat there quiet for a moment, and she smiled. And I moved to the typewriter again, and I wrote something. "I love you too.
Emily Mitchell|A day without laughter is like living in darkness; you try to find your way around, but you can't see clearly.
Abraham Cowley|What is Time, O sister of similar features, that you speak of it so subserviently? Are we to be the slaves of the sun, that secondhand overrated knob of gilt, or of his sister, that fatuous circle of silver paper? A curse upon their ridiculous dictatorship!
Glen Hansard|It's awesome to see something like 'Inception', which is just mind-blowing and amazing, and it actually resonates with the audiences. I feel like that's rare.
Randy J. Nelson, Biology of Aggression|in human males, testosterone appears to promote behavior intended to dominate other people. This behavior can be expressed aggressively, even violently, as well as nonaggressively. Testosterone levels, even a single baseline measurement, correlate well with dominance behavior, that is, testosterone not only affects dominance behavior but also responds to it.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|Whether in the name of Just War, Witch-Hunt or the Inquisition, at various points of history for various poppycock reasons the cross had been the weapon of mass destruction in the hands of the orthodox church.
Philip K. Dick, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?|You will be required to do wrong no matter where you go. It is the basic condition of life, to be required to violate your own identity. At some time, every creature which lives must do so. It is the ultimate shadow, the defeat of creation; this is the curse at work, the curse that feeds on all life. Everywhere in the universe.
Marston Morse|I'm now more about romantic beauty. The dominatrix thing is over. You never look as good in person as you do in 'Maxim,' but it's fun. It's all like a fantasy.
John Eldredge|The culture of women in the church today is crippled by some very pervasive lies. "To be spiritual is to be busy. To be spiritual is to be disciplined. To be spiritual is to be dutiful." No, to be spiritual is to be in Romance with God. The desire to be romanced lies deep in the heart of every women. It is for such that you were made. Are you ARE romanced, and ever will be.
Joe Mari Fadrigalan|She was beginning to have that feeling that comes after midnight, of one's thoughts opening out, flowering, groping out loud for some new discovery, some new truth that is really as old as all the hundreds of years girls have been confiding to one another in the relaxing intimacy of the night.
Victor Shamas, The Chanters Guide: Sacred Chanting as a Shamanic Practice|A person desires to leave a mark of goodness on earth before death arrives. All artists are creators in the face of death. All of life a person seeks to salvage something worthwhile and enduring from living a tragic life. We must eventually dance with death. A person begins on a road leading to personal enlightenment by giving up false beliefs, quelling destructive desires, overcoming fearfulness, and by seeking truth. In order to lead an evocative life full of truth, I must stop living a false life, conquer my fearfulness, and begin expressing love, wonder, and gratitude for all the beauty and splendor of the world.
Ronan Farrow|I used to want to be a lawyer, but I didn't want to have half my brain sucked out.
Jacques Barzun, From Dawn to Decadence: 500 Years of Western Cultural Life, 1500 to the Present|Except among those whose education has been in the minimalist style, it is understood that hasty moral judgments about people in the past are a form of injustice.
Norman Jewison|I'm in the mood for another Moonstruck experience, for another romantic comedy.
Liu Wen|If you're a woman and a guy's ever said anything romantic to you, he just left off the second part that would have made you sick if you could have heard it.
Peter Zumthor|A lot of the moves I make originate from futsal. It's played in a very small space, and the ball control is different in futsal. And to this day my ball control is pretty similar to a futsal player's control.
Antonio Machado, Times Alone: Selected Poems|Like an abandoned dog who cannot finda smell or a track and roamsalong the roads, with no road, likethe child who in a night of the fairgets lost among the crowd,and the air is dusty, and the candlesfluttering,--astounded, his heartweighed down by music and by pain;that’s how I am, drunk, sad by nature,a mad and lunar guitarist, a poet,and an ordinary man lost in dreams,searching constantly for God among the mists.
Laini Taylor, Days of Blood & Starlight|It's alright, you know...To love him...Please, child, do you think I don't know you at all? I'm not going to say there is some easy future for you, or even any future at all. I only want you not to punish yourself. You've always felt the truth in him, then and now. Your heart is not wrong. Your heart is your strength. You don't have to be ashamed.
|If your circle doesn't challenge you to grow beyond your comfort zone, then you are definitely in the wrong circle.
Lena Dunham, Not That Kind of Girl: A Young Woman Tells You What She's "Learned"|When someone shows you how little you mean to them and you keep coming back for more, before you know it you start to mean less to yourself. You are made up of compartments! You are one whole person! What gets said to you gets said to all of you, ditto, what gets done. Being treated like shit is not an amusing game or a transgressive intellectual experiment. It’s something you accept, condone, and learn to believe you deserve. This is so simple. But I tried so hard to make it complicated.
Steven Pinker, The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature|Oxygen flooded into the atmosphere as a pollutant, even a poison, until natural selection shaped living things to thrive on the stuff and, indeed, suffocate without it.
Edgar Ramirez|That term's definitely got a negative aura to it, because people think a diva is somebody with an attitude who demands things all the time. Of course there is that type of diva, but my idea of a diva has always been a singer - whether male or female - who gets on that stage and captivates you with their presence and their voice.
Neil Strauss|The most important kind of freedom is to be what you really are. You trade in your reality for a role. You give up your ability to feel, and in exchange, put on a mask.
Emery Lord, Open Road Summer|His face went somber for half a second, and then it dissolved into an absolutely wonderful and fearless laugh. The old Ronan Lynch's laugh. No, it was better than that one, because this new one had just a hint of darkness beneath it. This Ronan knew there was crap in the world, but he was laughing anyway.
Sunday Adelaja|The third level of prayer, which is much more serious is knocking
Dada Bhagwan|The danger lies in how your ‘surplus time’ is spent. If the ‘surplus time’ is spent for one’s own Soul, then it is (like) watering your own farm, but when it is used for other things [other than one’s own self], it is wasted water. Therefore, anyone whose ‘surplus time’ is spent on the Self, all his time is considered to have gone towards one’s own Self [The Soul].
Nancy Garden, Annie on My Mind|Have you ever felt really close to someone? So close that you can't understand why you and the other person have two separate bodies, two separate skins?
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|Jesus did many other things as well. If every one of them were written down, I suppose that even the whole world would not have room for the books that would be written.
J. Alexander Greenwood, Pilate's Cross|When Carri died, I felt like I had lost everything, except my life, and my memories of her. Now I can’t even dream of her...
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|It may not be nice to be good, 6655321. It may be horrible to be good. And when I say that to you I realize how self-contradictory that sounds. I know I shall have many sleepless nights about this. What does God want? Does God want goodness or the choice of goodness? Is a man who chooses the bad perhaps in some way better than a man who has the good imposed upon him?
William Faulkner, Light in August|It may seem an easy task to disregard a secret but secrets are like splinters beneath the flesh, the infection spreads and spreads and then the limb turns gangrenous and must be sawn away, all for the sake of a sliver of wood.
Milan Kundera, Life is Elsewhere|The engineer’s ready capitulation, however, did not hide from the poet’s mother the sad realization that the adventure into which she had plunged so impulsively--and which had seemed so intoxicatingly beautiful--had no turned out to be the great, mutually fulfilling love she was convinced she had a full right to expect. Her father was the owner of two prosperous Prague pharmacies, and her morality was based on strict give-and-take. For her part, she had invested everything in love (she had even been willing to sacrifice her parents and their peaceful existence); in turn, she had expected her partner to invest an equal amount of capital of feelings in the common account. To redress the imbalance, she gradually withdrew her emotional deposit and after the wedding presented a proud, severe face to her husband.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|The language of worldview tends to imply...that we can think ourselves into new ways of behaving. But that is not the way culture works. Culture helps us behave ourselves into new ways of thinking. The risk in thinking "worldviewishly" is that we will start to think that the best way to change culture is to analyze it. We will start worldview academies, host worldview seminars, write worldview books. These may have some real value if they help us understand the horizons that our culture shapes, but they cannot substitute for the creation of real cultural goods. And they will subtly tend to produce philosophers rather than plumbers, abstract thinkers instead of artists and artisans. They can create a cultural niche in which "worldview thinkers" are privileged while other kinds of culture makers are shunted aside.But culture is not changed simply by thinking.
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|Don't build a team that will fuel your 'ego'. Build a team that has the skills, desire & passion for fueling the 'vision'.
Jonny Lee Miller|The most terrible fear that anybody should have is not war, is not a disease, not cancer or heart problems or food poisoning - it's a man or a woman without a sense of humor.
Peter Pearson, A Brush with God: An Icon Workbook|To find the Father of all is hard. And when found, it is impossible to utter Him.
Ron Carlson, Ron Carlson Writes a Story|Those who speak in spiritual terms routinely refer to God as creator but seldom see "creator" as the literal term for "artist". I am suggesting you take the term "creator" quite literally. You are seeking to forge a creative alliance, artist-to-artist with the Great Creator. Accepting this concept can greatly expand your creative possibilities.
Augustine of Hippo|The term I despise most is motivation. Motivation is an unreliable tease and isn't worth your time. Motivation is fleeting, DISCIPLINE is reliable. Cultivate DISCIPLINE and FORCE yourself to do things to better yourself. It isn't about keeping yourself motivated, it's about how to train yourself to work without it.
M.F. Moonzajer|Love is not about liking, loving and caring, but appreciation, understanding and devotion.
Umberto Eco, Numero zero|Whenever you go with the cheaper option, you end up regretting it
Jerry Cantrell|The National Intelligence Director needs the authority to do the job we are asking him to do. That means power over the intelligence budget. And to be effective, to be allowed to do his or her job, they must have authority over the budget.
Roberto Rossellini|To a pessimist, losing bobby pins is as hopeless as losing hair. To an optimist, losing hair gives hope to get the lost bobby pins back.
Jayne Bauling, In Pursuit of Love|... the house is on fire, but go ahead - finish painting the verandah...
Mohammad Azharuddin|With care and patience, people may accomplish things which, to an indolent person, would appear impossible.
Gretchen McNeil, Possess|Rule Number Two, Monsignor. Do not show pity.
Alysha Speer|Love is hard to find, hard to keep, and hard to forget.
Robertson Davies|The women we really love are the women who complete us, who have the qualities we can borrow and so become something nearer to whole men. Just as we complete them, of course; it’s not a one-way thing. Leola and I, when romance was stripped away, were too much alike; our strengths and weaknesses were too nearly the same. Together we would have doubled our gains and our losses, but that isn’t what love is.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|By the way, don’t thank me for saving you, thank the lifeguards. If it was up to me, I would’ve just carried you off to the building by the boardwalk that said SURGERY. I’m sorry, but there’s a big difference between a family doctor treating you for the sniffles, and a guy who actually owns and knows how to use an operating table.
Roman Payne|There was no world, no land, no god or heaven or earth outside of their two bodies naked and trembling in the act of love.
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|I see a creative process as a necessarily thievish undertaking. Dig beneath a beautiful piece of writing, Monsieur Boustouler, and you will find all manner of dishonor. Creating means vandalizing the lives of other people, turning them into unwilling and unwitting participants. You steal their desires, their dreams, pocket their flaws, their suffering. You take what does not belong to you. You do this knowingly.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Keep your eyes on the prize and know that the trials are only for a while, so smile.
chetan chhibber|If I didn’t have a job, I might have stayed in bed until I rotted.
Sunday Adelaja|God is spirit and in order to do works on earth, He needs a man, who has a spirit and a body
Angela Carter, Burning Your Boats: The Collected Short Stories|Weeks passed like boats waiting to sail into the starless dawn, we were full of aimless endless darkness.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|Lucifer wasn't sure what to say. He'd survived six thousand years in Hell, but the past sixty without her were the most torturous of his existence.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Obsidian Butterfly|I loved your eyes first,” I told him , repeating his words from a few weeks ago back to him, because it was true, and because we were two halves of a whole—we had been all along, and he’d been so clever to know it right away. I used to think it was insanity, but now I was beginning to think that it was pure brilliance. “I see it, too, James. I see the other half of my soul in you.
George Eliot, Silas Marner|Expecting to receive a rebuke, her heart lifted when she read the words on the page, “I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee.
Lauren Kate, Rapture|Sometimes being too nice is dangerous, you have to show your mean side once in a while to avoid getting hurt.
Karen Salmansohn|Your mission: feel good about who you are, what you do, how you think, and how you look--without needing anybody's approval!
Leslie Marmon Silko, Ceremony|Humans are pattern-seeking story-telling animals, and we are quite adept at telling stories about patterns, whether they exist or not.
Elle Sommer|Become What You BelieveTake a step back today and consider all the options available to you. There are several different directions you can take to get to the next dimension, but there is only one that is best suited to manifest your heart’s desire. The best option to take will be the one that scares you the most. It is the one that requires you to go deeper than you have ever gone before. Your mind may tell you it’s not a good idea and bring up all the reasons why it won’t work, but check your heart. Intuitively, if it feels right; it is right. Say “yes” to the option that will allow you to grow more into your brilliance. No more straddling the fence. No more half commitments. Go forth with boldness. Become what you believe.
Seyi Ayoola|Holiness grants us access to God's blessings, for without it,ACCESS DENIED!!!
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|Tore up my heart and shut it down. Nothing to do, nowhere to be. A simple little kind of free. Nothing to do, no one but me, and that's all I need. I'm perfectly lonely.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|How can you be one of the stars of heaven, when the stars are innumerable? What star number do you have?
Azar Nafisi, Things I've Been Silent About: Memories|            Tempting as it may be to draw one conclusion or another from my story and universalize it to apply to another's experience, it is not my intention for my book to be seen as some sort of cookie-cutter approach and explanation of mental illness, It is not ab advocacy of any particular form of therapy over another. Nor is it meant to take sides in the legitimate and necessary debate within the mental health profession if which treatments are most effective for this or any other mental illness.            What it is, I hope, is a way for readers to get a true feel for what it's like to be in the grips of mental illness and what it's like to strive for recovery.
Jeffrey McDaniel|And the poem, I think, is only your voice speaking.
Yasmine Galenorn, Demon Mistress|We come together, we create our families, we chose our mates out of the desire to form a life together. Love takes many forms, wears many faces, but when it's real, when it touches your heart, you will know it and--with hope--embrace it. Love is stronger than hate, love is stronger than anger. Love is stronger than all artificial divisions that exist n our world.
Stefania Mattana, Cutting Right to the Chase Vol.2,|Paoletta turned to him with a dark face. Chase had never seen her look so foreboding.“You’d better watch out, Chase. He’s passed over to the evil side.
C.J. Cherryh, Fortress of Eagles|A year of ending and beginning, a year of loss and finding...and all of you were with me through the storm. I drink your health, your wealth, your fortune for long years to come, and I hope for many more days in which we can gather like this.
Mason Currey, Daily Rituals: How Artists Work|On some days, writing is wonderful. On the days when it is wonderful, it feels like you are the God of a universe that the rest of the world is not yet privy to. And then on some days, it is not wonderful; those days when nothing is coming and the cursor seems to be openly mocking you, blinking out ‘YOU SUCK AT WRITING AND YOU’RE UGLY AS BALLS’ in Morse code.
T.R. Patrick|I'm an Author, not a Grammarist!
Petra Nemcova|We owe at least this much to future generations, from whom we have borrowed a fragile planet called Earth.
Jaeda DeWalt|Yet despite...accommodations with commerce, Möser regarded the market as primarily a threat--to the artisanal citizens of the town, to the traditional wants of the peasantry, and to the political structure to society, since it created a growing class of people outside the traditional paternalistic relations of the countryside. Möser's conception of contemporary political and economic trends in Osnabrück was essentialy tragic and tinged with that idealization of the past that would later be called romantic. Möser's heroes were the artisan-citizen and the independent peasant, his villains the shopkeeper and the peddler.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|Adoption is outside. You act out what it feels like to be the one who doesn't belong. And you act it out by trying to do to others what has been done to you. It is impossible to believe anyone loves you for yourself.I never believed that my parents loved me. I tried to love them but it didn't work. It has taken me a long time to learn how to love - both the giving and the receiving. I have written about love obsessively, forensically, and I know/knew it as the highest value.I loved God of course, in the early days, and God loved me. That was something. And I loved animals and nature. And poetry. People were the problem. How do you love another person? How do you trust another person to love you?  I had no idea. I thought that love was loss. Why is the measure of love loss?
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Insulted and Humiliated|We are sun and moon, dear friend; we are sea and land. It is not our purpose to become each other; it is to recognize each other, to learn to see the other and honor him for what he is: each the other's opposite and complement.
Lisa Valdez, Rapunzel|Mandy’s chest heaved more with each breath as he transitioned from a kiss into a long, slow, gentle suck. She could feel her nipples harden as the sensations of pleasure coursed from her breasts throughout her entire body. This wasn’t the same as when she nursed the baby it was like the difference between having something bump up against your back and having someone massage it.
Gabriel Iglesias|I went out to the desert where Cleopatra camped out with her mercenary army. It's a desolate outpost. Nothing has changed since her day. You realize how far she had to travel. Not only is it a good 150 miles against the current, you can't take a ship.
Jaimal Yogis, Saltwater Buddha: A Surfer's Quest to Find Zen on the Sea|What is the happiness ? Is it really happiness ? Nothing stable, just happen, stay and decay... Everything is impermanence, dissatisfaction and nothing can ever belong to itself
Priscilla Ahn|The introduction of many minds into many fields of learning along a broad spectrum keeps alive questions about the accessibility, if not the unity, of knowledge.
Banksy, Banging Your Head Against a Brick Wall|Laws are like cobwebs, which may catch small flies, but let wasps and hornets break through.
Tessa Dare, Romancing the Duke|Izzy felt as though she’d wandered into the third act of a play. She had no idea what was going on, but it was unbearably dramatic.
Anthony T. Hincks|When you hear the echoes of my mind, you'll know that I wasn't listening to what you said.
Paul Tillich|We must be willing to get rid ofthe life we’ve planned, so as to havethe life that is waiting for us.The old skin has to be shedbefore the new one can come.If we fix on the old, we get stuck.When we hang onto any form,we are in danger of putrefaction.Hell is life drying up.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|Now begins to rise in me the familiar rhythm; words that have lain dormant now lift, now toss their crests, and fall and rise, and falls again. I am a poet, yes. Surely I am a great poet.
Auliq Ice|. . . none of us are as sophisticated in these matters as you think. You know I always feel, with every new person, as if I am starting anew. These things are instinctive. What you need to learn is to lay aside your inhibitions, to go back to your childhood when you played marbles or whatever with boys and never thought anything of it.
Kate Chopin, The Awakening|The voice of the sea is seductive; never ceasing, whispering, clamoring, murmuring, inviting the soul to wander for a spell in abysses of solitude; to lose itself in mazes of inward contemplation. The voice of the sea speaks to the soul. The touch of the sea is sensuous, enfolding the body in its soft, close embrace.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|No matter how pale and pure and perfect you are, the moon is even more perfect.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Slays|I learned over the years never to correct a fool or he will hate you; correct a wise man, and he will appreciate you.
Nicki Elson, Divine Temptation|Any time someone gives you drugs, the purpose is to subdue. Always. Whether it is from a dealer, a friend, your mother/brother/sister/son, or your government--especially your government--the intention is to subdue, and always to feed another motive. Why? Because in getting high, your power and your intellect are blunted. Can the motive ever be in your best interests? Governments notoriously use sex, drink, and drugs to subdue their people. Notoriously. And we're falling for it.
Henry Dircks, Perpetuum Mobile: Or a History of the Search for Self-Motive Power from the 13th to the 19th Century|Of what use can our labour be, when the labours we record are in themselves entirely useless?
Debasish Mridha|Why is my perception right? If it is wrong, then what is right?
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground|If a man couldn’t control his beast, it could turn so violent that nothing could restrain it once enraged.
William Dean Howells, The Rise of Silas Lapham|Drowning in the majesty of the constellations is a reminder that the universe was here long before us, and it will be here long after we’re gone. When our bones become nothing but ash and earth, the world will keep on spinning. People will die, cry, love, and live as if we never were. But we are now. And that’s all that matters.In this moment, we are.Nothing but a boy and a girl. On the cusp of something greater than ourselves.Entering into the unknown and hoping we make it out the other side.With a strong sense of ourselves and only a faint idea of who we want to be.We are what we are. And we. are. now.Young, free, alive.Here, together, loved.
Orson Scott Card, The Lost Gate|we have some good ideas here. But the only way to know if they’re workable is to try to make them fail. If we fail to fail, then maybe we’re on the right track.
Khaled Hosseini|Like a compass needle that points north, a man's accusing finger always finds a woman. Always.
D.H. Lawrence|My God, these folks don't know how to love -- that's why they love so easily.
Richard Powers, The Time of Our Singing|Every person interprets the silence that surrounds him or her. The eternal silence of the universe that we exist in is terrifying because it forces each of to ask what our purpose is, why are we here, and what should I do?
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|The company you keep determines how others view you. Identify with mediocrity and you will be labeled sub par. Collaborate with questionable people and your reputation becomes suspect. Guilt by association can end a career, hurt your business and cost you friends. Choose alliances wisely or you may be condemned for someone else's sins.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|We were all victims of the arbitrary nature of a totalitarian regime that constantly intruded into the most private corners of our lives and imposed its relentless fictions on us. Was this rule the rule of Islam? What memories were we creating for our children? This constant assault, this persistent lack of kindness, was what frightened me most.
Amanda Young, Circling Back|Being with Holden and Gavin was driving Stella mad. Mad with desire when she was with them; mad with impatience when they were apart. In their arms, she felt beautiful and desirable—two things she hadn’t experienced nearly enough in her lifetime. They reminded her that there was more to being a woman than complicated beauty regimens and menstrual cycles.
Germany Kent|Once you believe that you can do something, there is not a single person in the universe who can convince you otherwise.
Koren Zailckas, Smashed: Story of a Drunken Girlhood|Beer dulls a memory, brand sets it burning, but wine is the best for a sore heart's yearning.
C. S. Lewis|A person once asked me, in a provocative manner, if I approved of homosexuality. I replied with another question: 'Tell me: when God looks at a gay person, does he endorse the existence of this person with love, or reject and condemn this person?' We must always consider the person.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Jason’s heart lifted when he saw Nico di Angelo on the front lines with the Greeks, slashing his way through a crowd of two-headed men.
Diana Galbadon|As you think, you travel, and as you love, you attract. You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.
William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream|I know a bank where the wild thyme blows,Where oxlips and the nodding violet grows,Quite over-canopied with luscious woodbine,With sweet musk-roses and with eglantine.
Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer|It was a strange thing, this feeling of empathy. He'd never experienced it before. He realized that what hurt this woman hurt him as well, that what made her bleed caused a hemorrhage of pain within his soul.
Courtney Thorne-Smith|The only sensible ends of literature are, first, the pleasurable toil of writing; second, the gratification of one's family and friends; and lastly, the solid cash.
Harry Turtledove, Eruption|Missing what most of the time? The babbling faceless agora, the fame, the parties, the pop of flash bulbs? The lovers, the gaiety, the champagne? The solitude carved out of celebrity, poring over charts by a single lamp on a wide desk in a venerable hotel? Room service, coffee before dawn? The company of one friend, two? The choice: All of it or not? Some or none? Now, not now, maybe later?
Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies|It was here that the thaum, hitherto believed to be the smallest possible particle of magic, was succesfully demonstrated to be made up of /resons/ (Lit.: 'Thing-ies') or reality fragments. Currently research indicates that each reson is itself made up of a combination of at least five 'flavours', known as 'up', 'down', 'sideways', 'sex appeal' and 'peppermint'.
Ron Sen, The Verses of Life|TempleTemple is a place where God stays,In your heart is where God lays.So if you can touch the God inside your heart,Divine bliss shall always become your part.
Marjane Satrapi, The Complete Persepolis|When we're afraid, we lose all sense of analysis and reflection. Our fear paralyzes us. Besides, fear has always been the driving force behind all dictators' repression.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Secret Garden|One of the new things people began to find out in the last century was that thoughts—just mere thoughts—are as powerful as electric batteries—as good for one as sunlight is, or as bad for one as poison. To let a sad thought or a bad one get into your mind is as dangerous as letting a scarlet fever germ get into your body. If you let it stay there after it has got in you may never get over it as long as you live... surprising things can happen to any one who, when a disagreeable or discouraged thought comes into his mind, just has the sense to remember in time and push it out by putting in an agreeable determinedly courageous one. Two things cannot be in one place."Where you tend a rose, my lad, A thistle cannot grow.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|This was when I learned that you have to give up your life as you know it to get a new one: that sometimes you need to let go of everything you're clinging to and start over, whether because you've outgrown it or because it's not working anymore, or because it was wrong for you in the first place.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Enemies may unite to eliminate a common threat, but never without a wary eye fixed on their ally.
Sumit Lakhani|Enjoy your freedom today, leave the regret for tomorrow.
Vince Vaughn|I am confident that nobody... will accuse me of selfishness if I ask to spend time, while I am still in good health, with my family, my friends and also with myself.
Oscar Wilde, Der Sozialismus und die Seele des Menschen|Man is complete in himself. When they go into the world, the world will disagree with them. That is inevitable. The world hates Individualism. But that is not to trouble them. They are to be calm and self-centred. If a man takes their cloak, they are to give him their coat, just to show that material things are of no importance. If people abuse them, they are not to answer back. What does it signify? The things people say of a man do not alter a man. He is what he is. Public opinion is of no value whatsoever. Even if people employ actual violence, they are not to be violent in turn. That would be to fall to the same low level. After all, even in prison, a man can be quite free. His soul can be free. His personality can be untroubled. He can be at peace. And, above all things, they are not to interfere with other people or judge them in any way. Personality is a very mysterious thing. A man cannot always be estimated by what he does. He may keep the law, and yet be worthless. He may break the law, and yet be fine. He may be bad, without ever doing anything bad. He may commit a sin against society, and yet realise through that sin his true perfection.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Valley of Fear|It is, I admit, mere imagination; but how often is imagination the mother of truth?
Thomas Pynchon, V.|It's strange how in childhood it feels like tomorrow won't come until the end of forever, but in adulthood it feels like the end of forever could come tomorrow.
Martin E.P. Seligman|[R]aising children ... was about identifying and amplifying their strengths and virtues, and helping them find the niche where they can live these positive traits to the fullest.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|If I say ‘there is no God’, I disrespect your belief; how when you say ‘there is a God’ you do not disrespect mine?
Jewel|Every American poet feels that the whole responsibility for contemporary poetry has fallen upon his shoulders, that he is a literary aristocracy of one.
Tom Brokaw|To those who believe but wish their belief to be strengthened, I urge you to walk in faith and trust in God. Spiritual knowledge always requires an exercise of faith.
Menna van Praag, The House at the End of Hope Street|Become careless with fire, and sure enough, fire will burn you. Do treachery, and treachery will be done you. Kill, and be punished with death. All these I've done. Now I pay the price, in my own flesh and blood.
Franz Kafka, Blue Octavo Notebooks|One of the first signs of the beginning of understanding is the wish to die. This life appears unbearable, another unattainable. One is no longer ashamed of wanting to die; one asks to be moved from the old cell, which one hates, to a new one, which one willl only in time come to hate. In this there is also a residue of belief that during the move the master will chance to come along the corridor, look at the prisoner and say: "This man is not to be locked up again, He is to come with me.
Jess C. Scott, New Order|I suppose it’s not a social norm, and not a manly thing to do — to feel, discuss feelings. So that’s what I’m giving the finger to. Social norms and stuff…what good are social norms, really? I think all they do is project a limited and harmful image of people. It thus impedes a broader social acceptance of what someone, or a group of people, might actually be like.
Tamara Hughes, Once Upon a Masquerade|You are an exceedingly beautiful mystery, one that intrigues me and one that I plan to solve.
Henry Petroski|To design is much more than simply to assemble, to order, or even to edit: it is to add value and meaning, to illuminate, to simplify, to clarify, to modify, to dignify, to dramatize, to persuade, and perhaps even to amuse. To design is to transform prose into poetry.
Matt Groening, The Big Book of Hell|Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra and then suddenly it flips over, pinning you underneath. At night, the ice weasels come.
Tony Samara|When you deeply love someone from that space that is beyond attachment to certain projections or desires, when you love someone just deeply, totally, completely, without any games that the mind or emotions play, then that love remains eternal in the heavens forever, and that is what pulls you back to remembering that love.
Rebecca MacKinnon|We have already discovered how quickly we become dependent on the Internet and its applications for business, government and research, so it is not surprising that we are finding that we can apply this technology to enable or facilitate our social interactions as well.
Bruce Lee|I never said to be like me, I say be yourself and make a difference.
Dave Eggers, The Circle|Email is the scourge of our age,' said Silvia. 'Email and cancer.
Johnnie Dent Jr.|And I have to say, books haven’t helped much with all this. Because whenever you read anything about love, whenever anyone tries to define it, there’s always a state or an abstract noun, and I try to think of it like that. But actually, love is… Well, it’s just you. And when you go, it’s gone. Nothing abstract about it.
Eddie Rickenbacker|When I got old enough to date, I realized that Valentine's Day is just a commercial marketing scam to make men feel bad. So I let my boyfriends off the hook.
Dagobert D. Runes, A Dictionary of Thought|Well... "why" is a hard question to answer in any language.
Black Elk|The Fuhrer alone is the present and future German reality and its law. Learn to know ever more deeply: from now on every single thing demands decision, and every action responsibility.
David Day|In the use of force, one simplifies the situation by assuming that the evil to be overcome is clear-cut, definite, and irreversible. Hence there remains but one thing: to eliminate it. Any dialogue with the sinner, any question of the irreversibility of his act, only means faltering and failure. Failure to eliminate evil is itself a defeat. Anything that even remotely risks such defeat is in itself capitulation to evil. The irreversibility of evil then reaches out to contaminate even the tolerant thought of the hesitant crusader who, momentarily, doubts the total evil of the enemy he is about to eliminate. p. 21
Geraldine Brooks|It's cool to express myself, but I've had to learn that doing interviews isn't completely therapy - spilling everything about yourself isn't healthy all the time. But I've been through things that have made me a stronger person, and if I can help some people, I will.
Paul Auster|I was born in a world of opera, theatre, films, poetry, art, and therefore, out of the wire, I made a stage. That's why they call me a high wire artist.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|We live on because we can love, and we love because we can forgive.
Paul Ryan|What we heard today was not fiscal leadership from our Commander-in-Chief, what we heard today was a political broadside from our Campaigner-in-Chief.
Auliq Ice|She didn’t want to keep talking about him as if everything was okay. Worst of all, she hated sorting through his mail. Reading the hatred people had for her family and worse, reading how others immortalized him into a god for what he’d done.
Keith Houghton|If the push towards life sustaining technology were balanced with options for comfort care in both medical school training and the healthcare culture, more people would have the chance to transition to death with dignity and grace.
Helen B. Andelin|If you women continue to demand your choice to work, you will so upset the economy of this country that the time will come when you will not have a choice. You will have to work.
Tia Artemis, The Death's Daughter|God is able to give you the power to endure that which cannot be changed... Why be anxious? Come what may, God is able.
Sesan Kareem|it is not what happens to you, it is what happens in you.
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|She has failed. She wishes she didn't mind. Something, she thinks, is wrong with her.
Voltaire|Never having been able to succeed in the world, he took his revenge by speaking ill of it.
Joshua Suya Pelicano|If you don't dream, then you don't really sleep.
Shannon L. Alder|It's just that...without the memories, it's all meaningless.
Durgesh Satpathy, Equating the Equations of Insanity: A Journey from Grief to Victory|It will be better to spent our energy on reality; the tangible facts, not thoughts of the past.
Mark Twain, The Innocents Abroad|The gentle reader will never, never know what a consummate ass he can become until he goes abroad. I speak now, of course, in the supposition that the gentle reader has not been abroad, and therefore is not already a consummate ass. If the case be otherwise, I beg his pardon and extend to him the cordial hand of fellowship and call him brother. I shall always delight to meet an ass after my own heart when I have finished my travels.
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|Who is to decide which is the grimmer sight: withered hearts, or empty skulls?
Mindy Kaling, Why Not Me?|One very gratifying compliment I sometimes hear is that women want to be my best friend. This endlessly amuses my actual best friend, Jocelyn, because in her estimation I’m 'a good friend, but not that great.
Sarah Dessen, This Lullaby|You can only do what you can, and what doesn't get done, just doesn't get done.
Nkem Paul, The Art of Achievement and Fulfillment: Fundamental Principles to Overcome Obstacles and Turn Dreams Into Reality!|If you mess up, it's not your parents' fault, so don't whine about yourmistakes, learn from them.
Benjamin Wiker|Like Aristotle, conservatives generally accept the world as it is; they distrust the politics of abstract reason – that is, reason divorced from experience.
Raheel Farooq|To be or not to be is not the question, the vital question is how to be and how not to be…
Nalini Nadkarni|Many schools today are sacrificing social studies, the arts and physical education so children can cover basic subjects like math, English and science.
Vivek Wadhwa|So much has changed in our business. E-books, that's been one of the principal developments. There has been also the failure of Borders and the rise of Amazon, just to name two others.
Chip Heath, Made to Stick: Why Some Ideas Survive and Others Die|Don’t believe on, “143 in written,” Because words contribute only 7% in communication!
G.K. Chesterton, What's Wrong with the World|All my years campaigning have given me one clear message: Voting isn't the most we can do, but it is the least. To have a democracy, you have to want one. Still, I realize this fully only by looking back.
Francesca Quarto, Wolf Master of Iron Mountain|Like boats, we human beings need anchors, no matter how tenuously those links may hold us, or else we drift forever through uncharted oceans, scanning every horizon for a hint of hope. And with the chances of being picked up and rescued so small, we need our islands, our mooring points, our ports, our points of reference and our havens.
Damien Angelica Walters, Electric Velocipede 25|I tried to say something cool, wound up stammering something like, “WANNA YOU WANNA WEENIE ME?” The end kind of trailed off in a shrill, choking warble.
Teri Garr|In my iPod, there are many operas, from A to Z. I have 'Aida' and 'Boheme' and 'Butterfly' and 'Cavalleria'. My passion is for opera, but when I'm in the car, I listen to everything.
George Orwell, 1984|Suddenly, like a lump of submerged wreckage breaking the surface of water, the thought burst into his mind: 'It doesn't really happen. We imagine it. It is hallucination.' He pushed the thought under instantly. The fallacy was obvious. It presupposed that somewhere or other, outside oneself, there was a 'real' world where 'real' things happened. But how could there be such a world? What knowledge have we of anything, save through our own minds? All happenings are in the mind. Whatever happens in all minds, truly happens.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Nico's voice was like broken glass. "I- I wasn't in love with Annabeth.""You were jealous of her," Jason said. "That's why you didn't want to be around her. Especially why you don't want to be around... him. It makes total sense.
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|Gods didn’t mind atheists, if they were deep, hot, fiery, atheists like Simony, who spend their whole life hating gods for not existing. That sort of atheism was a rock. It was nearly belief …
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|lessons of medicrity, to a great extent, produce students of mediocrity
Ray Kroc|Finding good partners is the key to success in anything: in business, in marriage and, especially, in investing.
Robert Walser|After a spent day, Iwalked back in a fever.The whole way homethe sun touched my cheeks.The blissful evening glowspread across the meadowsand I called this lightthe blood I shed.My hot burning blood layconsoling the entire world.So I walked with pride--Now that all was tilled.I didn't know what was happening,I leaned against a fence post,in my blood that coveredthe meadows near and far.
Dave Barry|The joy of Christmas causes hundreds of radio stations around the country to play Christmas music all day, and people will exchange millions of gifts to remember the first gift of Christmas, the infant Jesus.
Mehmet Murat ildan|What do you need in the New Year? You need a dream; your dream needs an action; and your action needs right thinking! Without right thinking, you can have only unrealised dreams!
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|I’m not a warrior or a goddess,” I said at last.Adrian leaned closer. “As far as I’m concerned, you’re both.
Clayton M. Christensen|Education, whatever else it should or should not be, must be an inoculation against the poisons of life and an adequate equipment in knowledge and skill for meeting the chances of life.
K.J. Kilton|Roaming is the easiest part, just wandering around, looking the places, imagining how people lived there at that time, breathing deeply the open air around there and feeling the best.
John Wick|It is dark. You cannot see. Only the hint of stars out the broken window. And a voice as old as the Snake from the Garden whispers, 'I will hold your hand.
Arkady Strugatsky, Definitely Maybe|As you explore new opportunities and new directions, consider this:• How do I want to make a difference in the world?• How do I want to be remembered?• What kind of legacy do I want to leave behind?
H.L. Mencken, A Mencken Chrestomathy|One cannot enter a State legislature or a prison for felons without becoming, in some measure, a dubious character.
Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz|Birds know themselves not to be at the center of anything, but at the margins of everything. The end of the map. We only live where someone's horizon sweeps someone else's. We are only noticed on the edge of things; but on the edge of things, we notice much.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|In my mind, past, present and future became a blur as I stood in the middle of the celestial room, in the middle of forever. It was as if I were to take a rope that went on forever in both directions and cut it anywhere then the cut would always be exactly in the middle. And if I cut it twice I would have a beginning and an end, but eternity would continue in both directions.
Charles Bukowski|Nothing like beautiful legs. 'Cause with beautiful legs, even if you've been there only once or twice, there might be something up there besides the cunt, there might be something really marvellous this time - it could be a cunt, but it could be - it's just something about looking at the legs just makes you - I'm not saying there's anything wrong with the cunt, I'm just saying, you always imagine - some extra magic when you're looking at the outside portion of the female.
Gift Gugu Mona|At end of Life, you realize life is enough.
Buffy Sainte-Marie|But computers have changed the world for everyone, so there will be some way of working it out.
Tom Petty|I was a big fan of black gospel. As a kid, there were black groups I sang with from my teen years to my early 20s.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|True leadership is an attitude that naturally inspires and motivates others, and it comes from an internalized discovery about yourself.
Felicity Brandon, Erotic Fantasies|Sara?” Blake’s voice is scorching and burns right through me.“Yes, sir?” “Lock the door and get over my knee. Now.
Gordon Korman|And as he watched them walk out of the orphanage, Thomas Carter would think of their lives as the blank pages of a book in which he had written the initial chapters of a story he would never be allowed to finish.
Loretta Lynch|Our socialism does not include extreme materialistic concepts, since Indonesia is primarily a God-fearing, God-loving nation. Our socialism is a mixture. We draw political equality from the American Declaration of Independence. We draw spiritual equality from Islam and Christianity. We draw scientific equality from Marx.
Lawrence Hill, The Book of Negroes|I threw tantrums, I acted stubborn, I was a pain sometimes, but I was still loved. In fact, I was their perfect even in my imperfection.
Jonathan Marker, SPYDER SYLK|I wanted blood to signify life, not death.
William Gibson, Neuromancer|Science fiction is the arena of the not-yet, and every science fiction story has this element of not-yet-ness  usually a bit of technology or a scientific discovery that we don't know about in the real world of the present but that might be a possibility in the future.
Thomas à Kempis, The Inner Life|Many times when we help we do not really serve. . . . Serving is also different from fixing. One of the pioneers of the Human Potential Movement, Abraham Maslow, said, "If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.' Seeing yourself as a fixer may cause you to see brokenness everywhere, to sit in judgment of life itself. When we fix others, we may not see their hidden wholeness or trust the integrity of the life in them. Fixers trust their own expertise. When we serve, we see the unborn wholeness in others; we collaborate with it and strengthen it. Others may then be able to see their wholeness for themselves for the first time.
John Wray, The Lost Time Accidents|Life is an activity with which we kill time while we wait for something, someone, or the mere passage of time to kill us.
Nenia Campbell, Terrorscape|Why did this keep happening? Why her? Perhaps there was some pheromone certain people omitted, perceivable only on a wavelength unique to those individuals who preyed on them.
Ellen J. Barrier, The Price We Must Pay for Our Father's Sins|An author is similar to an actor. They play many characters in their lives—photographer, nurse, dancer, doctor, writer, etc. As an author, you have to learn your craft, know each and every element to become that character you’re writing about to be able to live and breathe what they do.
Stormie Omartian, Lead Me, Holy Spirit: Longing to Hear the Voice of God|Lord, today I ask for a renewed sense of purpose in my smaller daily choices, knowing that how I spend each moment is how I live my life. Every choice matters.
Gyomay M Kubose|The reality of nature, the reality of life is oneness. But we humans have such a strong egotistic nature. We are the ones who create dualism; we are the ones who talk about two sides: front and back, right and wrong, me and you. As soon as life is dichotomized, tension is created.
Amor Towles, A Gentleman in Moscow|Life on earth survives thanks to diversity, says Sekunda, because changing circumstances means today's winners can suddenly become tomorrow's losers. When the meteor hits, when the Green Revolution fails, when the bees unexpectedly die, the kind of anomalous diversity found in the Galapagos Islands—or in the technology of Japan—is exactly what will save us from the most dangerous failure of all: global success.
Joss Whedon|I also don't trust Caribou anymore. They're out there, on the tundra, waiting... Something's going down. I'm right about this.
Mary Oliver|I sometimes look into the face of my dog Stan and see a wistful sadness and existential angst, when all he is actually doing is slowly scanning the ceiling for flies.
Kenneth Grahame, The Reluctant Dragon|You see all the other fellows were so active and earnest and all that sort of thing- always rampaging, and skirmishing, and scouring the desert sands, and pacing the margin of the sea, and chasing knights all over the place, and devouring damsels, and going on generally- whereas I liked to get my meals regular and then to prop my back against a bit of rock and snooze a bit, and wake up and think of things going on and how they kept going on just the same, you know!
Hank Bracker, The Exciting Story of Cuba: Understanding Cuba's Present by Knowing Its Past|Good bones of Bonesville," Sherlock Bones said. "If you know what you fear, you'll fear it less.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Winter Notes on Summer Impressions|Try and set yourself the task not to think of a white bear, and the cursed thing comes to mind every minute.
Albert Camus|You will have noticed that my interpretation of The Trial as the account of a man who, at a certain point in his life, suddenly asks himself why he exists, and then considers various possible justifications for his existence until he is finally obliged to admit honestly to himself that there is no justification, corresponds to what I have said in the Preface to the Notes:Every man, at every moment of his life, is engaged in a perfectly definite concrete situation in a world that he normally takes for granted. But it occasionally happens that he starts to think. He becomes aware, obscurely, that he is in perpetual contradiction with himself and with the world in which he exists.The Trial describes what happens to a man when he starts to think: sooner or later he condemns himself as unjustified, and then despair begins (K.'s execution, the execution of hope, is the beginning of despair—henceforth he is a dead man, like Connolly and Camus and so many other intelligent Europeans, and do what he may he can never quite forget it). It is only at this point that the Buddha's Teaching begins to be intelligible. But it must be remembered that for Connolly and the others, death at the end of this life is the final death, and the hell of despair in which they live will come to an end in a few years' time—why, then, should they give up their distractions, when, if things get too bad, a bullet through their brain is enough? It is only when one understands that death at the end of this life is not the final end, that to follow the Buddha's Teaching is seen to be not a mere matter of choice but a matter of necessity. Europe does not know what it really means to despair.
Sukant Ratnakar, Open The Windows: To the World around You|At times we fail to find solution for our challenges, but those solutions are very much around us. Our creativity can help us reach those solutions.
Pervez Musharraf, In the Line of Fire|When one demands equal rights for women, one needs to assess in which areas women can work better than men, in which they can work like men, and in which they need protection and affirmative action for when they cannot work like men.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Personal force, determined spirit and self confidence are your greatest self.
Ursula K. Le Guin|Dualism::In Ralph Ellison's Invisible ManI am outside of history. i wish i had some peanuts, it looks hungry there in the cage.i am outside of history. its hungrier than i thot.
Summer Lane, State of Emergency|What’s your name?” I ask again. 	“Chris,” he says. “Chris Young.” 	I exhale dramatically, blowing my bangs out of my eyes. 	“I can take you,” I reply. “But if you try anything, I’ll shoot you right between the eyes. Seriously.” 	He almost smiles.	“Yes, ma’am.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Who shall deliver us from the sin of the flesh? GOD alone, the Divine Being.
Jackie Kay, Wish I Was Here|I've never seen grief like it. Grief like that, it's like an animal. She's not eating. She's not sleeping. She's whimpering. She's sluggish. She's not herself
Kahlil Gibran|No human relation gives one possession in another—every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship or in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone.
Marlen Komar, Ugly People Beautiful Hearts|I like the disaster of the night sky, stars spilling this way and that as if they were upturned from a glass. I like the way good madness feels. I like the way laughter always spills. That's the word for it. It never just comes, it spills. I like the word 'again'. Again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again. I like the quiet sound a coffee cup makes when it's set down on a wooden table. So hushed. So inviting. Like morning light yawning through the window and stretching out onto the kitchen floor. I like the way girls' lips look like they're stained with berries. I like the way morning light breaks like a prism through the empty wine bottles on our dusty apartment floor. Glasses empty except for the midnight hour. I like the way blueberries stain my fingers during the summer. I like the way light hits your eyes and turns it into a color that doesn't exist anywhere else other than in this moment. I want it all. I want the breeze to call my name as it rushes down my street, looking for me. I want to feel grass underneath my bare feet and I want to feel the sun kiss freckles onto my cheeks. I want to hear you yell hello as you make your way towards me, not goodbye as you have to go. That's just a little bit about me.
Ally Carter, I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You|I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You
Solange nicole|Genius feels like an over extended Helium balloon about to burst, and everyone criticizes you for not having a conventional way of coping with it.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|To whomever is writing this book, what do you want from me? I need to know my calling. Why was I chosen? Why not Lee? Why not Susan March? Why me? What is my purpose? Please let it be more than to destroy a life and embarrass another. I need to know. I am suffering. You are a constant headache. Anywhere I go, I can hear you, I can feel you. I want to be like the others, ignorant of this.
Alexandre Dumas|No, monsieur,” returned Monte Cristo “upon the simple condition that they should respect myself and my friends. Perhaps what I am about to say may seem strange to you, who are socialists, and vaunt humanity and your duty to your neighbor, but I never seek to protect a society which does not protect me, and which I will even say, generally occupies itself about me only to injure me; and thus by giving them a low place in my esteem, and preserving a neutrality towards them, it is society and my neighbor who are indebted to me.
Marc Royston|I seek to take my audience on an emotional roller-coaster ride, a journey of laughter and tears and every sentiment in between.
Rudy Rucker|Privacy, in fact, was almost as desirable for physics as it was for sex.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Rumi Collection|I glanced at my mate- the male who had always presented me with a choice not as a gift, but as my own gods-given right.
Morgan Rhodes, Crimson Dagger|The mind is an innovation engine of any human progress, but also the root cause of almost all human problems.
George R.R. Martin|I am an offspring of the dead. I am descended from the deceased. I am the progeny of phantoms. My ancestors are the illustrious multitudes of the defunct, grand and innumerable. My lineage is longer than time. My name is written in embalming fluid in the book of death. A noble race is mine.
Raymond Carver, Cathedral|Dreams, you know, are what you wake up from.
Marilynne Robinson, When I Was a Child I Read Books|We live on a little island of the articulable, which we tend to mistake for reality itself.
Osho, When the Shoe Fits: Stories of the Taoist Mystic Chuang Tzu|Life is a mystery, not a riddle. It has to be lived, not solved.
Amit Chaudhuri, Afternoon Raag|While reading the Times of India each morning, my father spares a minute for the cartoon by R. K. Laxman. While my mother is, like a magician, making untidy sheets disappear in the bedroom and producing fresh towels in the bathroom, or braving bad weather in the kitchen, my father, in the extraordinary Chinese calm of the drawing-room, is dmiring the cartoon by R. K. Laxman, and, if my mother happens to be there, unselfishly sharing it with her. She, as expected, misunderstands it completely, laughing not at the joke but at the expressions on the faces of the caricatures, and at the hilarious fact that they talk to each other like human beings.
Thomas Hobbes|Sweeter than the perfume of roses is a reputation for a kind, charitable, unselfish nature; a ready disposition to do to others any good turn in your power.
Brian D. McLaren, A Generous Orthodoxy: Why I am a missional, evangelical, post/protestant, liberal/conservative, mystical/poetic, biblical, charismatic/contemplative, ... emergent, unfinished Christian|By you, I was properly humbled. I came to you without a doubt of my reception. You shewed me how insufficient were all my pretensions to please a woman worthy of being pleased.
Guillermo del Toro|I say making movies is like eating a sandwich of shit. Sometimes you get more bread, sometimes less bread, but you always get shit." (Guardian interview 2006)
Nicole Krauss, Forest Dark|Knowledge of what you love somehow comes to you; you don’t have to read nor analyze nor study. If you love a thing enough, knowledge of it seeps into you, with particulars more real than any chart can furnish.
Nancy Arroyo Ruffin, Letters to My Daughter: A Collection of Short Stories and Poems about Love, Pride, and Identity|Do not be afraid to color outside the lines. Take risks and do not be afraid to fail. Know that when the world knocks you down, the best revenge is to get up and continue forging ahead.Do not be afraid to be different or to stand up for what's right. Never quiet your voice to make someone else feel comfortable. No one remembers the person that fits in. It's the one who stands out that people will not be able to forget.
John Muir|Of all the paths you take in life, make sure a few of them are dirt.
Elio Melo|Once you become aware of knowledge and you are conscious of knowledge, there is no going back to the previous conscious state of mind.
Andy Weir, The Martian|They had survived, when so many had not. And no one ­else could understand what it was like to bear it, unless they had lost as much.
Rich Cohen|In religion, there's a certain type of fear that if somebody believes differently from me, that it's a threat. Because I'm right, and there cannot be two ways that are right, so if I'm right, anything different than this must be wrong; and we attack those things and it's really due to insecurity, ego and fear.
Christine Northrup|When we trust the makers of baby formula more than we do our own ability to nourish our babies, we lose a chance to claim an aspect of our power as women. Thinking that baby formula is as good as breast milk is believing that thirty years of technology is superior to three million years of nature's evolution. Countless women have regained trust in their bodies through nursing their children, even if they weren't sure at first that they could do it. It is an act of female power, and I think of it as feminism in its purest form.
Henry Martyn Robert, Parliamentary Law|The greatest lesson for democracies to learn is for the majority to give to the minority a full, free opportunity to present their side of the case, and then for the minority, having failed to win a majority to their views, gracefully to submit and to recognize the action as that of the entire organization, and cheerfully to assist in carrying it out until they can secure its repeal.
Beatrix Campbell, Stolen Voices: The People And Politics Behind The Campaign To Discredit Childhood Testimony|Another preoccupation fed into this dynamic relationship between discovery and denial: does sexual abuse actually matter? Should it, in fact, be allowed? After all, it was only in the 19070s that the Paedophile Information Exchange had argued for adults’ right to have sex with children – or rather by a slippery sleight of word, PIE inverted the imperative by arguing that children should have the right to have sex with adults. This group had been disbanded after the imprisonment of Tom O’Carroll, its leader, with some of its activists bunkered in Holland’s paedophile enclaves, only to re-appear over the parapets in the sex crime controversies of the 1990s. How recent it was, then, that paedophilia was fielded as one of the liberation movements, how many of those on the left and right of the political firmament, were – and still are – persuaded that sex with children is merely another case for individual freedom?Few people in Britain at the turn of the century publicly defend adults’ rights to sex with children. But some do, and they are to be found nesting in the coalition crusading against evidence of sexual suffering. They have learned from the 1970s, masked their intentions and diverted attention on to ‘the system’. Others may not have come out for paedophilia but they are apparently content to enter into political alliances with those who have. We believe that this makes their critique of survivors and their allies unreliable. Others genuinely believe in false memories, but may not be aware of the credentials of some of their advisors.
Ernest Hemingway, To Have and Have Not|She blows a heavy breath, her eyes so full of tears that if she blinked, they'd fall.And then she does.She blinks. They fall. I break.- Cam
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Pray because Christ died to give us access to the Father. Pray because God is worthy of our praise. Pray because we need His forgiveness, cleansing, guidance, and protection. Pray because others need our prayers.
Michael  Jackson, Moonwalk|What do you know?”“Almost everything. That almost part can be a real kick in the teeth sometimes.”“What do you want, then?”“What I can’t have.” Wit turned to him, eyes solemn. “Same as everyone else, Kaladin Stormblessed.
Jerry A. Fodor, The ELM and the Expert: Mentalese and Its Semantics|Talk is cheap, action is expensive.
Brodi Ashton, Neverfall|Parvati positively beamed. Harry could tell that she was feeling guilty for having laughed at Hermione in Transfiguration. He looked around and saw that Hermione was beaming back, if possible even more brightly. Girls were very strange sometimes.
RVM|It’s a bet – the more you Give, the more you will Get.
Diana Rose Morcilla|Life is like a videogame, the harder it gets the victory feels better
Nutan Bajracharya|Children would struggle desperately to feel love for their parents. Rather than hate a parent, in fact, they'd choose to hate themselves. Love and violence became so intertwined for them that when they grew up and got into relationships, only hysteria could set their hearts at ease.
Hannah Brencher, If You Find This Letter: My Journey to Find Purpose Through Hundreds of Letters to Strangers|Because you deserve dignity, beyond anything else in this world. You deserve a God, and a faith, and a belief that finds you dignified at the core.
Ambrose Bierce|Magnanimous people have no vanity, they have no jealousy, and they feed on the true and the solid wherever they find it. And, what is more, they find it everywhere.
Sara Quin|I didn't know someone could cry that much, I thought the tears would run out. They don't.
Sara Sheridan, The Secret Mandarin|It seemed to me that these months of watching and listening, second-guessing words and phrases, seeking so much that was new, had somehow changed me.
Elin Hilderbrand, Silver Girl|Meredith immersed herself in the novels. For some reason, fiction hit on the meaning of life so much more concisely than real life itself did.
Tom Upton, Just Plain Weird|	"Well-- I don’t know-- the cops might not respond too well to you looking through their windows with a telescope."
A. Ashley Straker, Infected Connection|No, not horror. Enlightenment.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Out of Solitude: Three Meditations on the Christian Life|When we honestly ask ourselves which person in our lives mean the most to us, we often find that it is those who, instead of giving advice, solutions, or cures, have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a warm and tender hand. The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing, not curing, not healing and face with us the reality of our powerlessness, that is a friend who cares.
Lorii Myers, Targeting Success, Develop the Right Business Attitude to be Successful in the Workplace|The code-of-ethics playlist:o Treat your colleagues, family, and friends with respect, dignity, fairness, and courtesy.o Pride yourself in the diversity of your experience and know that you have a lot to offer.o Commit to creating and supporting a world that is free of discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.o Have balance in your life and help others to do the same.o Invest in yourself, achieve ongoing enhancement of your skills, and continually upgrade your abilities.o Be approachable, listen carefully, and look people directly in the eyes when speaking.o Be involved, know what is expected from you, and let others know what is expected from them.o Recognize and acknowledge achievement.o Celebrate, relive, and communicate your successes on an ongoing basis.
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|I find myself saying briefly and prosaically that it is much more important to be oneself than anything else. Do not dream of influencing other people, I would say, if I knew how to make it sound exalted. Think of things in themselves.
Stephen Richards|Just let go of the need to care about whether it happens or not, then you are free from fear and can then concentrate on focusing.
Jaeda DeWalt|One of the most under-rated gifts we can give to others, is our undivided attention. Next time you spend time with a loved one, really listen to them and watch light up when they realize you are being completely attentive to them. There is so much to be learned and experienced when we can become great listeners!
Michael Bassey Johnson|I don't love you, you know. I'm merely crazy about you.
Sri Chinmoy, The Wings of Joy: Finding Your Path to Inner Peace|If we feel secureIn the depths of our heart,We shall not challenge anybody,For inner confidenceIs nothing short ofComplete satisfaction.
Larry Drake|And as I ask for your forgiveness, I also ask for your support to keep all things in perspective and keep all things in proportion. The good of nine years versus the bad.
John Corey Waley|I understand that you want to have fun. That you like to distract yourself from life by going and doing these ridiculous things and laughing the whole time while you do them. I know you want to pretend that everything’s okay by trying your best to act normal, but I don’t. I want to sit in this house and mope around and be sad and revel in the fact that my life is complete shit from here on out.
Anton Chekhov, Gooseberries|We had a project on this trip back to the solar system, and that project was a labor of love. It absorbed all our operations entirely. It gave a meaning to our existence. And this is a very great gift; this, in the end, is what we think love gives, which is to say meaning. Because there is no very obvious meaning to be found in the universe, as far as we can tell. But a consciousness that cannot discern a meaning in existence is in trouble, very deep trouble, for at that point there is no organizing principle, no end to the halting problems, no reason to live, no love to be found. No: meaning is the hard problem.
John   Kelly, The Great Mortality: An Intimate History of the Black Death, the Most Devastating Plague of All Time|The Girl Scouts allow homosexuals and atheists to join their ranks, and they have become a pro-abortion feminist training corps. If the Girl Scouts of America can't get back to teaching real character, perhaps it will be time to look for our cookies elsewhere.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Rights and duties, sounded more entertaining than duties and rights.
Dada Bhagwan|Religion [dharma] is that where there is no irreligion (adharma, immorality). Religion cannot exist where there is irreligion. There can be only one or the other. Behind every intention, there is either [the force of] religion or [the force of] irreligion.
Pascal Mercier, Night Train to Lisbon|87.—Men would not live long in society were they not the dupes of each other. [A maxim, adds Aimé Martin, "Which may enter into the code of a vulgar rogue, but one is astonished to find it in a moral treatise." Yet we have scriptural authority for it: "Deceiving and being deceived."—2 TIM. iii. 13.]
A.E.  Kirk|the cross had slipped back onto my chest. I unclasped it and after wrapping the chain around the metal, tucked it into my bra
Lao Tzu|I believe that working with good people matters because then the work environment is good. If there is a sense of respect and belief among the people you work with, that is when good work is done.
Roy Peter Clark|What you should do," she told Fat during one of his darker hours, "is get into studying the characteristics of the T-34." Fat asked what that was. It turned out that Sherri had read a book on Russion armor during World War Two. The T-34 tank had been the Soviet Union's salvation and thereby the salvation of all the Allied Powers- and, by extension, Horselover Fat's, since without the T-34 he would be speaking - not english or Latin or the koine - but German.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Things just are the way they are... However, NOWHERE in ANY law, dogma, or rules is it mandated -be it sanctioned, decreed, or wrought by divine imposition- that ANY OF IT HAS TO BE THIS WAY!
Sydney J. Harris|New Rule: Death isn’t always sad. This week, the Reverend Jerry Falwell died, and millions of Americans asked, “Why? Why, God? Why…didn’t you take Pat Robertson with him?” I don’t want to say Jerry was disliked by the gay community, but tonight in New York City, at exactly eight o’clock, Broadway theaters along the Great White Way turned their lights up for two minutes.I know you’re not supposed to speak ill of the dead, but I think we can make an exception, because speaking ill of the dead was kind of Jerry Falwell’s hobby. He’s the guy who said AIDS was God’s punishment for homosexuality and that 9/11 was brought on by pagans, abortionists, feminists, gays, and the ACLU—or, as I like to call them, my studio audience.It was surreal watching people on the news praise Falwell, followed by a clip package of what he actually said—things like:"Homosexuals are part of a vile and satanic system that will be utterly annihilated." "If you’re not a born-again Christian, you’re a failure as a human being." "Feminists just need a man in the house." "There is no separation of church and state." And, of course, everyone’s favorite: "The purple Teletubby is gay."Jerry Falwell found out you could launder your hate through the cover of “God’s will”—he didn’t hate gays, God does.All Falwell’s power came from name-dropping God, and gay people should steal that trick. Don’t say you want something because it’s your right as a human being—say you want it because it’s your religion.Gay men have been going at things backward. Forget civil right, and just make gayness a religion. I mean, you’re kneeling anyway. And it’s easy to start a religion. Watch, I’ll do it for you.I had a vision last night. The Blessed Virgin Mary came to me—I don’t know how she got past the guards—and she told me it’s time to take the high ground from the Seventh-day Adventists and give it to the twenty-four-hour party people. And that what happens in the confessional stays in the confessional. Gay men, don’t say you’re life partners. Say you’re a nunnery of two. “We weren’t having sex,officer. I was performing a very private mass.Here in my car. I was letting my rod and my staff comfort him.”One can only hope that as Jerry Falwell now approaches the pearly gates, he is met there by God Himself, wearing a Fire Island muscle shirt and nut-hugger shorts, saying to Jerry in a mighty lisp, “I’m not talking to you.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Four Characters in Consciousness—How does it go on? We notice immediately four important characters in the process, of which it shall be the duty of the present chapter to treat in a general way:1) Every 'state' tends to be part of a personal consciousness. 2) Within each personal consciousness states are always changing. 3) Each personal consciousness is sensibly continuous.4) It is interested in some parts of its object to the exclusion of others, and welcomes or rejects—chooses from among them, in a word—all the while.
Natsuki Takaya|I... There was a time when I stopped talking. Just like you. My reasons were a little bit different, but I think the feelings of being ashamed of myself and hating myself are the same. Here, it says to "like yourself." What does that mean? Good things- how are you supposed to find them? I only know things that I hate about myself. Because that's all I know, I hate myself. But even if you force yourself to find good things, it feels so empty. It doesn't work that way. People like your teacher just don't get it. I think when you hear someone say they like you, for the first time, then you can begin to like yourself. I think when someone accepts you, for the first time, you feel like you can forgive yourself a little. You can begin to face your fears with courage.
Jawaharlal Nehru|As they marched, the crowds lining the route broke into applause, a sweet and deeply felt spontaneous pattering that was a sort of communal embrace. Welcome home.
Lucy H. Pearce, Burning Woman|We can only become a better person if we have the inclination and the resolve, only if we accept that life is a learning curve and all experiences add something to our personality.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Freedom comes from focus, focus brings freedom. Focus on fear you will always be in prison, focus on faith and is nothing the world can keep you knocked down.
Aliyyah Eniath, The Yard|I have always felt insignificant while thinking in-terms of Deep time, I have always dreaded the fact that however much we struggle, the monuments we build to keep us alive even after we are gone will be erased just in a snap of fingure or a blink of an eye and we will be no more.
Salman Rushdie, The Enchantress of Florence|She lives for this-the fight, the battle for survival. She actually enjoys it.
David Levithan, Hold Me Closer: The Tiny Cooper Story|No, Tiny. Words. Passion. The danger of falling in love is you mistakenly believe the loved one is the only source of passion in your life. But there is passion everywhere. In music. In words. In the stories you tell and the stories you see. Find passion everywhere, and share it widely. Don't narrow it down to one thin line.
Anjum Choudhary|Love left us long back,we just got better.You at pretending,Me at hiding.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|In love madly,traveling though thelife-raft's unravelingin a beautiful tragedy,but gladly i'm stillpaddling throughthe oceanof youranatomy.
Kathy Reichs, Death du Jour|There's a great difficulty in makingchoices if you have any imagination at all. Faced with such a multitude of desireable choices, no one choiceseems satisfactory for very long by comparison with the aggregate desirability of all the rest, though compared to any *one* of the others it would not be found inferior. All equally attractive but none finally inviting.
H.G. Wells, The Food of the Gods|I saw to the south a man walking. He was breaking ground in perfect silence. He wore a harness and pulled a plow. His feet trod his figure's blue shadow, and the plow cut a long blue shadow in the field. He turned back as if to check the furrow, or as if he heard a call. Again I saw another man on the plain to the north. This man walked slowly with a spade, and turned the green ground under. Then before me in the near distance I saw the earth itself walking, the earth walking dark and aerated as it always does in every season, peeling the light back: The earth was plowing the men under, and the space, and the plow. No one sees us go under. No one sees generations churn, or civilizations. The green fields grow up forgetting. Ours is a planet sown in beings. Our generations overlap like shingles. We don't fall in rows like hay, but we fall. Once we get here, we spend forever on the globe, most of it tucked under. While we breathe, we open time like a path in the grass. We open time as a boat's stem slits the crest of the present.
Sandra Cisneros|I always hope that my music can inspire someone, the same way other artists inspire me.
Marshall W. Stearns, The Story of Jazz|In a society of increasingly mass-produced, assembly-line entertainment, where every individual is treated like an empty pitcher to be filled from above, jazz retains something of the spirit of the handicrafts of yesteryear. The print of the human spirit warms it. Deep down, jazz expresses the enforced & compassionate attitudes of a minority group and may well appeal to us because we all have blue moods and, in a fundamental sense, none of us is wholly free.
Lovely Goyal, I Love the Way You Love Me|It [enlightenment] has not come to you by means of teaching! And-thus is my thought, oh exalted one,-nobody will obtain salvation by means of teachings! (character of Siddhartha, speaking to the Buddha)
James Weldon Johnson|I am obsessed with beauty. I want everything to be perfect, and of course it isn't. And that's a tough place to be because you're never satisfied.
Cameron West, First Person Plural: My Life as a Multiple|Having DID is, for many people, a very lonely thing. If this book reaches some people whose experiences resonate with mine and gives them a sense that they aren't alone, that there is hope, then I will have achieved one of my goals. A sad fact is that people with DID spend an average of almost seven years in the mental health system before being properly diagnosed and receiving the specific help they need. During that repeatedly misdiagnosed and incorrectly treated, simply because clinicians fail to recognize the symptoms. If this book provides practicing and future clinicians certain insight into DID, then I will have accomplished another goal. Clinicians, and all others whose lives are touched by DID, need to grasp the fundamentally illusive nature of memory, because memory, or the lack of it, is an integral component of this condition. Our minds are stock pots which are continuously fed ingredients from many cooks: parents, siblings, relatives, neighbors, teachers, schoolmates, strangers, acquaintances, radio, television, movies, and books. These are the fixings of learning and memory, which are stirred with a spoon that changes form over time as it is shaped by our experiences. In this incredibly amorphous neurological stew, it is impossible for all memories to be exact.But even as we accept the complex of impressionistic nature of memory, it is equally essential to recognize that people who experience persistent and intrusive memories that disrupt their sense of well-being and ability to function, have some real basis distress, regardless of the degree of clarity or feasibility of their recollections. We must understand that those who experience abuse as children, and particularly those who experience incest, almost invariably suffer from a profound sense of guilt and shame that is not meliorated merely by unearthing memories or focusing on the content of traumatic material. It is not enough to just remember. Nor is achieving a sense of wholeness and peace necessarily accomplished by either placing blame on others or by forgiving those we perceive as having wronged us. It is achieved through understanding, acceptance, and reinvention of the self.
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals|Morality does not come from a book, it comes from the human mind.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|All the wealth in this sinful world, cannot buy one second of life in God's Paradise.
Robin Wall Kimmerer, Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge, and the Teachings of Plants|We Americans are reluctant to learn a foreign language of our own species, let alone another species. But imagine the possibilities. Imagine the access we would have to different perspectives, the things we might see through other eyes, the wisdom that surrounds us. We don’t have to figure out everything by ourselves: there are intelligences other than our own, teachers all around us. Imagine how much less lonely the world would be.
Joss Stirling, Seeking Crystal|No belief or idea is sacred, unless it treats all people as sacred
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Freedom from the Known|space and silence are necessary because it is only when the mind is alone, uninfluenced, untrained, not held by infinite varieties of experience, that it can come upon something totally new.
Patricia Hagan, Ocean of Dreams|[The waves] move across a faint horizon, the rush of love and the surge of grief, the respite of peace and then fear again, the heart that beats and then lies still, the rise and fall and rise and fall of all of it, the incoming and the outgoing, the infinite procession of life. And the ocean wraps the earth, a reminder. The mysteries come forward in waves.
Patricia C. McKissack, Flossie and the Fox|I aine never seen a fox before. So, why should I be scared of you and I don't even-now know you a real fox for a fact?
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Shyness is a luxury reserved for those who are above the poverty line. To a beggar, being shy is deadly.
Criss Jami|The fires of refinement come with a cost, but also with a promise. His grace has been extended forth to you for restoration, confirmation, strengthening, and being established in Him.
Jeanine Basinger, I Do and I Don't: A History of Marriage in the Movies|The story of a marriage was an excellent way to fulfill the goal of discussing class without discussing class, and to tell an audience that they were upwardly mobile.
Noor Iskandar|Everything has an ending" that’s what he said. But "True love has no ending", that’s what I say.
Philip James Bailey|The heroes of Flight 93 won the first battle in the War on Terror, and they should never be forgotten.
Frank Mayer, Gun Rites|...capitalism is too important and complex a subject to be left to economists. Achieving a critical comprehension of it requires perspectives beyond those characteristic of modern economics. That is why this is a history not of economic ideas, but of ideas beyond the capitalist economy.
Theresa M. Jones, Power|Holding my hands in his, David kissed my knuckles before he swore to me, “I will love every day of the rest of my life.
Disha Patani|The manager and the fitness staff condition every training session. They plan it out week by week on what players need. If players need a rest, they will do that; if players need to work hard, they will do that as well.
Maya Banks, Shades of Gray|Of course, being open and vulnerable will lead us to, sometimes, experience pain. But what is pain? It is simply a feeling. It is not forever. If you get pain from some person or thing too many times, you can always walk away. To risk a lifetime without pleasure simply to avoid pain is ludicrous.
Munia Khan|My tears of joyhear the raindrops crying,as the rain never wants to pourdown on my cloudy dayswhen I makeour love-dreamsfor the sun to dreamonly for you....(From the poem "Only For You" By Munia Khan)
Willa Cather, My Ántonia|Trees were so rare in that country, and they had to make such a hard fight to grow, that we used to feel anxious about them, and visit them as if they were persons.
Douglas Adams|I think fish is nice, but then I think that rain is wet, so who am I to judge?
Ellen J. Barrier|Those who find themselves in the "You are going to miss my loving" section Without LOVE are the ones who abused their relationship by not appreciating the person who was giving them the love they no longer have.
Debasish Mridha|Play the game of peace, not the war.Play, not with gun, but with laughter.
Robert E. Lee|My only advantage as a reporter is that I am so physically small, so temperamentally unobtrusive, and so neurotically inarticulate that people tend to forget that my presence runs counter to their best interests. And it always does.
Srimad Bhagavatam|Narada Muni says - Whether you consider the human to be an eternal jivatma or a temporary body, or even if you accept an indescribable opinion that he is both eternal and temporary, you do not have to lament in any way. There is no cause for lamentation other than the affection which has arisen out of delusion. (1.13.44)
Karen Amanda Hooper, Taking Back Forever|Sex is a sacred act which sadly, over the past few decades, has been demeaned and demoralized until it means almost nothing to most people. Veray few still appreciate the emotional and spiritual connection that can and should take place when two bodies and souls are joined together.
Chad Hurley|Let's be realistic, how many people are buying a $2,000 skirt? I love to design things that people can actually buy. I'm staggered by what a boot costs today.
K.P. Yohannan, Living in the Light of Eternity|In the human heart there is a built-in obsolescence factor. It does not matter how powerful and influential you are, how much education you have, how selfcontrolled or holy you consider yourself—your heart, if you do not guard it, will break down.
Thurman P. Banks Jr., Beyond John Dann|They continued on to London, and she's there, safe and sound, waiting for you.''You can't know for sure.' Piers swung up into the carriage.'You will never know for sure if she's dead or alive unless you keep her near you all the time,' Sebastian said with perfect, if maddening, accuracy.
Chris Burkmenn|Believe in the promise of today, and have hope in the possibilities of tomorrow
Edward Grey|Of one thing I am certain, the body is not the measure of healing, peace is the measure.
Mensah Oteh|Talent is never enough. Effort, not talent, is the key to success.
Amy Gerstler|From a purely positivist point of view, man is the most mysterious and disconcerting of all the objects met with by science.
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza|If she herself had had any picture of the future, it had been of a society of animals set free from hunger and the whip, all equal, each working according to his capacity, the strong protecting the weak, as she had protected the lost brood of ducklings with her foreleg on the night of Major's speech. Instead–she did not know why–they had come to a time when no one dared speak his mind, when fierce, growling dogs roamed everywhere, and when you had to watch your comrades torn to pieces after confessing to shocking crimes. There was no thought of rebellion or disobedience in her mind. She knew that, even as things were, they were far better off than they had been in the days of Jones, and that before all else it was needful to prevent the return of the human beings. Whatever happened she would remain faithful, work hard, carry out the orders that were given to her, and accept the leadership of Napoleon. But still, it was not for this that she and all the other animals had hoped and toiled. It was not for this that they had built the windmill and faced the bullets of Jones's gun. Such were her thoughts, though she lacked the words to express them.At last, feeling this to be in some way a substitute for the words she was unable to find, she began to sing Beasts of England. The other animals sitting round her took it up, and they sang it three times over–very tunefully, but slowly and mournfully, in a way they had never sung it before.
Louise Glück, Poems 1962-2012|Living things don't all requirelight in the same degree. Some of usmake our own light: a silver leaflike a path no one can use, a shallowlake of silver in the darkness under the great maples.But you know this already.You and the others who thinkyou live for truth and, by extension, loveall that is cold.
ADESH RANJAN|I blame Chennai. Pointless neighbourhood gossip travels faster than tsunami alerts around here. I know that aunties are a universal problem but this city is particularly aunty dominated. And by that, I mean, even many of our twenty-somethings act like aunties. Forgive the rant. Maybe I've lived here too long (and have therefore outgrown it) but I sincerely believe that Chennai has no business being called a metro. I mean, if a thirty-year-old single woman living alone while her parents are in the same city, is still such hot news, then maybe we need to graciously give up our metro status to someone more deserving. And since we have no qualms about lagging so far behind the times, maybe we should call ourselves retro.
John Calvin, A Compend of the Institutes of the Christian Religion|While Johns (Martin Luther King's predecessor as pastor in Montgomery) agreed with Dexter's general disdain for emotionalism, he was very fond of traditional spirituals, believing they represented a part of their history they ought to embrace and celebrate.
Beth Ditto|I remember when I was at Brandeis, Geoffrey Wolff, he was a great fiction-writing teacher. He was the writer-in-residence, and for those of us who wanted to be writers, you were so excited to be in the same hallway as him.
Scott Lynch, Red Seas Under Red Skies|I needed a vacation. I needed 5 women. I needed to get the wax out of my ears. My car needed an oil change. I'd failed to file my damned income tax. One of the stems had broken off of my reading glasses. There were ants in my apartment. I needed to get my teeth cleaned. My shoes were run down at the heels. I had insomnia. My auto insurance had expired. I cut myself every time i shaved. I hadn't laughed in 6 years. I tended to worry when there was nothing to worry about. And when there was something to worry about, i got drunk.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|We are like children who look at print and see a serpent in the last letter but one, and a sword in the last.
Kristin Rath, Meant for More: Create Your Dream Life, Plan Your Path, and Start Living It Now|When we are aware, we step into the moment which is outside of time.
Natasha Tsakos|We can’t fear the future with a present mindset. We must ask ourselves questions we do not know the answers to, we should disrupt ourselves to grow.
Jennifer Sodini|Energy doesn't speak English, Spanish or Chinese, but it does speak clearly. It speaks through the metaphors of our lived experiences, through the rain, floods, drought, earthquakes, excessive heat, unseasonable cold or the erupting volcanoes of nature. It communicates through the itches, pains, boils and pimples, through congestion, vertigo and backaches of the body. Energy speaks through our feelings that have nothing at all do with us, but are reflective of what is happening in the field. And, lastly, it speaks through synchronicities, coincidences and dreams that communicate messages which our conscious minds could not have known. This language of Energy, like any new tongue, is challenging.
Vicki Covington, Bird of Paradise|Ruthlessness is the most practical of emotions, Reen's voice whispered. She ignored it.
Charles Dickens, Nicholas Nickleby|The vanity of being known to be trusted with a secret is generally one of the chief motives to disclose it; for, however absurd it may be thought to boast an honour by an act which shows that it was conferred without merit, yet most men seem rather inclined to confess the want of virtue than of importance.
Richelle E. Goodrich|Oh, how terribly backwards, and yet sadly common, it is to sit scowling at family all the day long and then quickly put on a smile for strangers who drop by.
Tom Wolfe, From Bauhaus to Our House|Le Corbusier was the sort of relentlessly rational intellectual that only France loves wholeheartedly, the logician who flies higher and higher in ever-decreasing concentric circles until, with one last, utterly inevitable induction, he disappears up his own fundamental aperture and emerges in the fourth dimension as a needle-thin umber bird.
Jamie Le Fay, Disillusion|You are the most powerful army in the world; you are the future of this planet. You cannot, you will not spend one more minute of your time looking in a mirror wishing you looked different.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|FORKED BRANCHESWe grew up on the same street,You and me.We went to the same schools,Rode the same bus,Had the same friends,And even shared spaghettiWith each other's families.And though our roots belong toThe same tree,Our branches have grownIn different directions.Our tree,Now resembles a thousandOther treesIn a sea of a trillionOther treesWith parallel destiniesAnd similar dreams.You cannot envy the branchThat grows biggerFrom the same seed,And you cannotBlame it on the sun's direction.But you still compare us,As if we're still those twoKids at the parkSlurping down slushies andEating ice cream. Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun (2010)
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|And in front of it all are the pearly gates: the proverbial entrance to Heaven that she, in earthly life, thought might not exist. But they are real, not myth or fantasy.As she passes through them, several people greet her. In foreign tongues even, but she understands. Language no longer matter. There are no barriers between herself and others, just love.The gorgeous views seem to go on forever. Ornate structures, mansions, banquet halls, and natural beauty, orchards, gardens. People congregate around huge marble fountains. In the distance are snow-capped mountains of the purist white. She can hear the sounds of rushing rivers and the surf of the ocean at once.Everyone around her is happy, loving, thankful. A choir sings songs of joy and peace while others play musical instruments of every kind in perfect harmony. Children laugh and play in the streets as well as in the clouds above her head.
Jennifer Love Hewitt, The Day I Shot Cupid: Hello, My Name Is Jennifer Love Hewitt and I'm a Love-aholic|You have to look at yourself objectively. Analyze yourself like an instrument. You have to be absolutely frank with yourself. Face your handicaps, don't try to hide them. Instead, develop something else.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|The world is changeable, and its ability to change is so fragile that a single person can be responsible for it.
James H. Billington|My guess is (it will be) about 300 years until computers are as good as, say, your local reference library in search.
Jodi LaPalm, Still Life: a novella|I have you with me, and I'm terrified you'll disappear.
Aishabella Sheikh, Jungle Princess|If gratitude and esteem are good foundations of affection, Elizabeth's change of sentiment will be neither improbable nor faulty. But if otherwise--if regard springing from such sources is unreasonable or unnatural, in comparison of what is so often described as arising on a first interview with its object, and even before two words have been exchanged, nothing can be said in her defence, except that she had given somewhat of a trial to the latter method in her partiality for Wickham, and that its ill success might, perhaps, authorise her to seek the other less interesting mode of attachment.
Kiersten Fay, Demon Possession|You should stay and keep me company, so I don't get lonely.”“You don't seem like the type of guy who gets lonely.”“Is that a compliment or an insult?”Analia only shrugged.
Orlando Bloom|The longer I go about living, I see it's the relationship that is most meaningful.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|The more we learn, the more we know. The more we know, the more we forget. The more we forget, the less we know. So, why learn?
Iman Ahmed el sawalhy|Most of the people don't see a big success in life, because small successes ignites ego issues in them.
Paul Kalanithi, When Breath Becomes Air|Often I return to the grave after leaving flowers – tulips, lilies, carnations – to find the heads eaten by deer. It’s just as good a use for the flowers as any, and one Paul would have liked. The earth is quickly turned over by worms, the processes of nature marching on, reminding me of what Paul saw and what I now carry deep in my bones, too: the inextricability of life and death, and the ability to cope, to find meaning despite this, because of this. What happened to Paul was tragic, but he was not a tragedy.
Jonathan Maberry, Dust & Decay|I've managed to stay alive out here in the Ruin because I'm a realist. I allow the truth to be the truth, no matter how much I might want it to be something else.
Margarita Karapanou|To embellish reality with makeup, with silk and royal purple, isn’t that what we all should be doing? Beneath the life we live every day the silk and the purple are hiding, waiting for us. A person just has to dare to throw off his everyday clothes, to rip them off and to put on the silk and purple that exist, I know it. But we’re the ones who cover them up. Out of boredom, indifference, fear. Mostly fear. So right from the first moment I met you, my lies were always the truth: in telling them I unveiled the world for you — the hidden world, the true world. You were really the one who lied. You wanted everything to remain untouched, paradise to be paradise, and me angel. But you made a fatal mistake: you never believed me. You never understood why I lied, that through my lies I was giving you a unique gift: the truth. You always tried to control me — out of love, of course. But is there any word more ambiguous than the word “love”?
Julie James, Just the Sexiest Man Alive|That wasn't Josh Hartnett; that kid was eighteen years old," Kate said.I told you, they age slower out here. It's all the fresh California air," Val re
John Taliaferro, All the Great Prizes : The Life of John Hay, from Lincoln to Roosevelt|Good luck belongs to those who know how and are not afraid." John Hay to President Theodore Roosevelt
Lee Ellis, Leading With Honor: Leadership Lessons from the Hanoi Hilton|Good leaders know who they are—their strengths, weaknesses, passions, talents, and values. And, developing leaders always starts with self-awareness.
Aldous Huxley, Island|Believe it or not, a normal human being is one who can have an orgasm and is adjusted to his society.
Bailey Bristol, The Devil's Dime|There is an arch supported by four vast columns. Etched over hundreds and hundreds of yards of stone, furlongs of stone, there are names: "Who are these, these? The men who died in this battle?""No. The lost, the ones they did not find. The others are in the cemeteries.""These are just the ... the unfound." When she could speak again. From the whole war?"The man shook his head. "Just these fields."Elizabeth sat on the steps. "No one told me. My God no one told me,
D.L. Orton, Crossing in Time|The path to freedom is illuminated by the bridges you have burned, adorned by the ties you have cut, and cleared by the drama you have left behind. Let go. Be free.
Lydhia Marie, Reveal|We must seek the truth, not revenge.” -Michelle
David A. McIntee, Doctor Who: Lords of the Storm|There's an emergency link to the defence grid, but that's only for use in the direst emergencies." "And of course a mile-long unknown intruder approaching your main source of power isn't an emergency?" Karan hesitated, his chins wobbling slightly with their own momentum. "It'll take time, but I could access the defence grid's sensor logs for that sector..." "I won't tell if you don't.
rassool jibraeel snyman|It was love, the real thing, nothing less or different.
Sakyong Mipham| Many of us are slaves to our minds. Our own mind is our worst enemy. We try to focus, and our mind wanders off. We try to keep stress at bay, but anxiety keeps us awake at night. We try to be good to the people we love, but then we forget them and put ourselves first. And when we want to change our life, we dive into spiritual practice and expect quick results, only to lose focus after the honeymoon has worn off. We return to our state of bewilderment. We're left feeling helpless and discouraged. It seems we all agree that training the body through exercise, diet, and relaxation is a good idea, but why don't we think about training our minds?
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|The world is sacred, of course, it is full of gods, numina, great powers and presences. We give some of them names – Mars of the fields and the war; Vesta the fire; Ceres the grain; Mother Tellus the earth; the Penates of the storehouse. The rivers, the springs. And in the stormcloud and the light is the great power called the father god. But they aren’t people. They don’t love and hate, they aren’t for or against. They accept the worship due them, which augments their power, through which we live.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|I wondered why I couldn't go the whole way doing what I should any more. This made me sad and tired. Then I wondered why I couldn't go the whole way doing what I shouldn't, the way Doreen did, and this made me even sadder and more tired.
Haroutioun Bochnakian, The Human Consensus and The Ultimate Project Of Humanity|Sully disapproved of destruction for destruction's sake, which seemed ever more popular in the modern world, but he always took delight in burning out or otherwise eliminating Evil when Evil just couldn't keep its ugly head down and stay in the shadows, when it came right at you with all teeth bared. The world needed a little Evil, so Good had something to compare itself to, but you couldn't let it think it had the right-of-way on the road and an invitation to dinner.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Good parents have good hearts to accommodate the little things that mean a lot to their children. Good parents have good hands to touch and shape the little things that mean a lot to the life of their children. Good parents have the good ears to listen and hear the little things that mean a lot their children. Good parents have good eyes to not just look, but see the little things that mean a lot to their wards and that which can make them feel being at home and being cared for, even if and when the ward is not aware of such little things !
Emmanuel Macron|The joy of style lies not in how we look to other people, but in how we look to ourselves - and the most memorable and beautiful outfits are simply those that, in some rare moment of joy, we found the courage to share with the world.
Will Once, Global Domination for Beginners|The USA legal system is designed to enrich lawyers, protect the government and corporations, and shaft the general public.
Aleister Crowley, Moonchild|Isn't language loss a good thing, because fewer languages mean easier communication among the world's people? Perhaps, but it's a bad thing in other respects. Languages differ in structure and vocabulary, in how they express causation and feelings and personal responsibility, hence in how they shape our thoughts. There's no single purpose "best" language; instead, different languages are better suited for different purposes. For instance, it may not have been an accident that Plato and Aristotle wrote in Greek, while Kant wrote in German. The grammatical particles of those two languages, plus their ease in forming compound words, may have helped make them the preeminent languages of western philosophy. Another example, familiar to all of us who studied Latin, is that highly inflected languages (ones in which word endings suffice to indicate sentence structure) can use variations of word order to convey nuances impossible with English. Our English word order is severely constrained by having to serve as the main clue to sentence structure. If English becomes a world language, that won't be because English was necessarily the best language for diplomacy.
Joel Osteen|Salvation brings the soul a deep awareness of God's love. Life takes on more meaning, for it now has a purpose.
David Brooks|The problem with human race is not that it errs, but that it does so repetitively.
Donya Petrock, Six Ways from Sunday|People like you must create. If you don’t create, Bernadette, you will become a menace to society.
Katina Makris, Out of the Woods: Healing from Lyme Disease for Body, Mind, and Spirit|My life is in full tilt, and I reach forward with joy.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May we uphold God’s grace, goodness and goodwill.
Mehmet Murat ildan|On the Earth, you admire the Moon; on the Moon, you admire the Earth!
Beatrice Stark Girl Detective|Girl Without HandsWalking through the ruinson your way to workthat do not look like ruinswith the sunlight pouring overthe seen worldlike hail or meltedsilver, that brightand magnificent, each leafand stone quickened and specific in it,and you can't hold it,you can't hold any of it. Distance surrounds you,marked out by the ends of your armswhen they are stretched to their fullest.You can go no farther than this,you think, walking forward,pushing the distance in front of youlike a metal cart on wheelswith its barriers and horizontals.Appearance melts away from you,the offices and pyramidson the horizon shimmer and cease.No one can enter that circleyou have made, that clean circleof dead space you have madeand stay inside,mourning because it is clean.Then there's the girl, in the white dress,meaning purity, or the failureto be any colour. She has no hands, it's true.The scream that happened to the airwhen they were taken offsurrounds her now like an aureoleof hot sand, of no sound.Everything has bled out of her.Only a girl like thiscan know what's happened to you.If she were here she wouldreach out her arms towardsyou now, and touch youwith her absent handsand you would feel nothing, but you would betouched all the same.
Ortega y Gasset|The masses are advancing," said Hegel in apocalyptic fashion. "Without some new spiritual influence, our age, which is a revolutionary age, will produce a catastrophe," was the pronouncement of Comte. "I see the flood-tide of nihilism rising," shrieked Nietzsche from a crag of the Engadine. It is false to say that history cannot be foretold. Numberless times this has been done. If the future offered no opening to prophecy, it could not be understood when fulfilled in the present and on the point of falling back into the past. The idea that the historian is on the reverse side a prophet, sums up the whole philosophy of history, It is true that it is only possible to anticipate the general structure of the future, but that is all that we in truth understand of the past or of the present.
Idries Shah, The World of the Sufi: An Anthology of Writings about Sufis and Their Work|It is necessary to note," says Rumi, "that opposite things work together, even though nominally opposed" (Fihi Ma Fihi).
Marilyn Manson, The Long Hard Road Out of Hell|I'll tell you something,' Arthur said. 'Until a certain age, everyone thinks their parents are heroes. Then they grow up a little, start to understand a little more of the world, and they realize their parents are just people. It destroys them, just a little bit. But it's part of becoming an adult. Everyone goes through it. You, on the other hand--your parents really are heroes, at least to everyone else. It's a bit remarkable, really. You never went through that disappointment of finding out your parents are just people.
Robin S. Sharma|I do not understand where the backing of Bitcoin is coming from. There is no fundamental issue of capabilities of repaying it in anything which is universally acceptable, which is either intrinsic value of the currency or the credit or trust of the individual who is issuing the money, whether it's a government or an individual.
Christopher Byford, Den of Shadows|After all, as Franco would dictate, everyone was going to lose their money at some point. You may as well do so half drunk and at the mercy of a pretty smile.
Jamie Iredell|Mankind were intended to be happy... that government being only the means of securing freedom and happiness to the people, whenever it deviates from this end, and their freedom and happiness are in great danger of being irrevocably lost, the government is no longer entitled to their allegiance. ("The Principles of an American Whig"-1777)
Teresa Hampton, Leading Ladies: Willing Hearts, Willing Hands|So that I could better remember these necessary attributes, I have put them in acrostic form as a memory tool:P - praiseR - repentance which is acknowledged through confessionA - appreciation or thanksgivingY - yielding to God's WillE - entreaty or supplicationR - renewal of fellowship with God
David W. Earle|For the painful essence of withdrawal does not reside in the present suffering it brings - withdrawal is painless on the level of the immediate moment - but in the prospect of suffering to come, the rich future that one can imagine one's torture enjoying.
Erich Fromm, The Anatomy of Human Destructiveness|The "pathology of normalcy" rarely deteriorates to graver forms of mental illness because society produces the antidote against such deterioration. When pathological processes become socially patterned, they lose their individual character. On the contrary, the sick individual finds himself at home with all other similarly sick individuals. The whole culture is geared to this kind of pathology and arranged the means to give satisfactions which fit the pathology. The result is that the average individual does not experience the separateness and isolation the fully schizophrenic person feels. He feels at ease among those who suffer from the same deformation, in fact, it is the fully sane person who feels isolated in the insane society - and he may suffer so much from the incapacity to communicate that it is he who may become psychotic.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Without solitude, we are overwhelmed by all the things we hope to do and all of the things we hope to do and all of the things we are planning and praying to do but we never really have the time to actually get down and get these things done.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Space Chronicles: Facing the Ultimate Frontier|Long after the traces of the human animal have disappeared, many of the species it is bent on destroying will still be around, along with others that have yet to spring up.The Earth will forget mankind. The play of life will go on.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|The pain is kind of challenge your mind presents - will you learn how to focus and move past boredom, or like a child will you succumb to the need for immediate pleasure and distraction?
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|I don't know whether it is beautiful or sad, that I find such blissful happiness within the confines of my own mind, than I do in the reality that surrounds me.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|John 1:5"Light shines into the darkness, but the darkness has not understood it
Samantha Towle, Trouble|You're beautiful, Jenna. i'm a man and I'm afraid to admit when I'm lucky enough to look at someone as beautiful as you.
David L. Wolfe, Epistemology: The Justification Of Belief|We all know dogmatists who are more concerned about holding their opinions than about investigating their truth. ... if they are mistaken, they will never discover it; they have condemned themselves to perpetual error. Human beings (including myself) sometimes use their beliefs for wish-fulfillment. Too often we believe what we want to be true.
George Sand, Indiana|Nothing is so easy as to deceive one’s self when one does not lack wit and is familiar with all the niceties of language. Language is a prostitute queen who descends and rises to all roles. Disguises herself, arrays herself in fine apparel, hides her head and effaces herself; an advocate who has an answer for everything, who has always foreseen everything, and who assumes a thousand forms in order to be right. The most honorable of men is he who thinks best and acts best, but the most powerful is he who is best able to talk and write
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|Perfection in anything is unbearably dull. Myself, I prefer a touch of imperfection.
Sally Mann|If the reporter has killed our imagination with his truth, he threatens our life with his lies.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Trust in the Lord, He will uplift you.
Tom Hayes|As I'm smiling but fearing for the worse, he asks if I was in the Navy."NO. THIS IS JUST MY HALLOWEEN COSTUME.""WELL, I WAS... FOR NEARLY TWENTY YEARS."I don't know whether he wants me to apologize for impersonating a sailor, thank him for his service, or stop drooling as I melt into his eyes
Megan McCafferty, Sloppy Firsts|Why weren't we born in the same era?" he lamented. She eased past him neither here nor there, looked over her shoulder and whispered, "How mundane and cliche would that be?
Upton Sinclair|Back then, I think, both sides were just very young. They needed to grow up enough to realize that thing get quite complicated in the business of living, that a lot of things require mutual understanding and compromise. I mean, when you get right down to it, all business for us men on earth is based on material things - so we've just got to work hard and share the fruits of our labors with one another. Only when that is done righteously can we render our faith honorably to God. Within a generation of adopting a school of thought in the name of New Learning, be it Christianity or socialism, we all became such ardent followers that we forgot the way of life we'd led for so long. (2007: 163)
Neale Donald Walsch, Conversations With God: An Uncommon Dialogue, Book 2|Remember first that everything you think, say, and do is a reflection of what you've decided about yourself; a statement of Who You Are; an act of creation in your deciding who you want to be.
Amanda Coplin, The Orchardist|Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Life meanwhile, the actual life of men with their real interests of health and sickness, labour and rest, with their interests of thought, science, poetry, music, love, affection, hatred, passion, went its way, as always, independently, apart from the political amity or enmity of Napoleon Bonaparte, and apart from all possible reforms.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|I don't think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains.
Mark Twain|To eat figs off the tree in the very early morning, when they have been barely touched by the sun, is one of the exquisite pleasures of the Mediterranean.
Nathanael West, The Dream Life of Balso Snell|The Scripture can only be read intelligently by inspired men and women. The value we get from our reading is in direct proportion to the measure in which we are filled with God's Spirit. We also need a regular systematic study of the Scriptures. We cannot maintain our spiritual life without it any more than we can maintain our physical bodies without proper nourishment. We also need to let what we study become a vital part of our daily lives. Take it to the store, the office, the school room, etc. Take it, and apply it wherever you go.
Lisa Wingate, The Prayer Box|...The most important thing, I think. You can't run from your past. You have to take it for what it is and realize that it's part of you.
Debasish Mridha|Love! In this world of sadness, you are my happiness.
Deyth Banger|You're different. We all are. We are each "one of a kind." This means each of us will live the Christian life differently.
Cate Tiernan, Full Circle|I felt an overwhelming gratitude in my life right now and wanted a chance to acknowledge it. I felt that any thanks given to any god all went to the same place, anyway, no matter what religion you were centered in.
Samuel Johnson, A Journey to the Western Islands of  Scotland and The Journal of a Tour to the Hebrides|All travel has its advantages. If the passenger visits better countries, he may learn to improve his own, and if fortune carries him to worse, he may learn to enjoy it.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Avatar|If you are too weak to stand being hit and too stupid to avoid it, then you deserve more pain.
Abraham Lincoln|Oh, mankind, race of crocodiles! How well I recognize you down there, and how worthy you are of yourselves!
G.H. Hardy, A Mathematician's Apology|Hive Queen: They never know anything. They don't have enough years in their little lives to come to an understanding of anything at all. And yet they think they understand. From earliest childhood, they delude themselves into thinking they comprehend the world, while all that's really going on is that they've got some primitive assumptions and prejudices. As they get older they learn a more elevated vocabulary in which to express their mindless pseudo- knowledge and bully other people into accepting their prejudices as if they were truth, but it all amounts to the same thing. Individually, human beings are all dolts.Pequenino: While collectively...Hive Queen: Collectively, they're a collection of dolts. But in all their scurrying around and pretending to be wise, throwing out idiotic half-understood theories about this and that, one or two of them will come up with some idea that is just a little bit closer to the truth than what was already known. And in a sort of fumbling trial and error, about half the time the truth actually rises to the top and becomes accepted by people who still don't understand it, who simply adopt it as a new prejudice to be trusted blindly until the next dolt accidentally comes up with an improvement.>Pequenino: So you're saying that no one is ever individually intelligent, and groups are even stupider than individuals-- and yet by keeping so many fools engaged in pretending to be intelligent, they still come up with some of the same results that an intelligent species would come up with.Hive Queen: Exactly.
Pascal Bruckner, The Tyranny of Guilt: An Essay on Western Masochism|If a person do not seek God’s face, all of his merits will be working for evil
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Repeating positive installing statements for a few minutes, and then thinking negatively the rest of the day neutralizes the effects of the positive words.
Gary Shteyngart, Little Failure|Every moment I have ever experienced as a child is as important as every moment I am experiencing now, or will experience ever. I guess what I'm saying is that not everybody should have children.
Damon Galgut, In a Strange Room|A journey is a gesture inscribed in space, it vanishes even as it's made. You go from one place to another place, and on to somewhere else again, and already behind you there is no trace that you were ever there.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha, Overcoming the Challenges of Life|The time is now, the person is you; better your life and become a name to conjure with in this day and age.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|That kind of forgiveness is of God. And if they have it, they have it, and if they don't, well, maybe they'll find it someday.
Francine Rivers, A Voice in the Wind|Bithia seemed wise in the ways of the world, but she was completely ignorant of what she brought upon herself. Commerce with the powers of darkness might gain her what she desired for the moment, but at what cost in the end?
Richard D. Sagor, Motivating Students and Teachers in an Era of Standards|To visualize that which doesn't exist, yet to believe with confidence that it can be realized, is truly something miraculous.
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|No one tells us, girls who don't go on dates, that remembering can be almost as good as what actually happens.
Alfonso Cuaron|Christian faith is... basically about love and being loved and reconciliation. These things are so important, they're foundational and they can transform individuals, families.
Dominic Riccitello|He was good and then really good and then bad and then really bad, but since he was good I got lost in the thought that I could fix it.
Tom Cotton|Success happened little by little for me. I tasted the flavor of fame in small doses: I started at 10 years old when I won a music contest; I was performing at birthday parties, company meetings.
Jean Giraudoux|It seems like such a terrible shame that innocent civilians have to get hurt in wars, otherwise combat would be such a wonderfully healthy way to rid the human race of unneeded trash.
Thomas Vilsack|Politics can be relatively fair in the breathing spaces of history; at its critical turning points there is no other rule possible than the old one, that the end justifies the means.
Augustine of Hippo, The Enchiridion on Faith Hope and Love|It takes a certain amount of courage, he though, to face yourself and say with candor, I'm rotten. I've done evil and I will again. It was no accident; it emanated from the true, authentic me.
Evy Michaels|Chamari: "Aravinda, have you been to Kataragama?"Aravinda: "No, I've never been there."Chamari: "What? That's unbelievable for someone born in Deniyaya!"Aravinda: "Going to Kataragama is not a custom of the rural folk. It is the middle class and wealthy urban people, not the villagers, who venerate the Kataragama god. He is the god of the urbanities. The villagers have now started to imitate the urban people."Chamari:"I thought even villagers used to go to Kataragama long ago."Aravinda: "No, It came from the rich urban Sinhalese of the towns who followed the rich Hindus.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Protect your enthusiasm from the negativity and fear of others. Never decide to do nothing just because you can only do little. Do what you can. You would be surprised at what "little" acts have done for our world.
Neal Barnard|If we as a society are willing to have a preference for organic food, the farmer can pass on the savings.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|There is something really good to say about humility. Being confident and humble is a great combination, maybe the best of all!
Kris Kidd, I Can't Feel My Face|I dye my jeans jet black once a week, but they never seem dark enough. I bleach my hair bright white twice a month but it never seems light enough. I drink two and a half bottles of champagne every night but I never seem drunk enough. And I know I’m not high enough until someone grabs my face to check my vision to see if I’m still responsive— And even then, I’m thinking to myself that I should probably do one more line, you know, just to be safe.
D.R. Silva|Only Jesus is perfect!" isn't in the Bible.
tsegaye gebre medhin|Instead of worship or ignorance of the past, we must make our own tools, our own stories, and our own legends.
Norman Sunshine, Double Life: The Story of a Fifty Year Marriage|all night he talks and holds me, all night he loves me slow and careful.
Naomi Klein|Reconciliation means that those who have been on the underside of history must see that there is a qualitative difference between repression and freedom. And for them, freedom translates into having a supply of clean water, having electricity on tap; being able to live in a decent home and have a good job; to be able to send your children to school and to have accessible health care. I mean, what's the point of having made this transition if the quality of life of these people is not enhanced and improved? If not, the vote is useless.'-archbishop Desmond Tutu, chair of South Africa's Truth and Reconciliation Committee, 2001
John Crowley, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|Seen from inside the bar, the avenue, the stores opposite, the street glimpsed going off at right angles, the trapezoid of sky visible above the lower buildings, are altered by the tinted windows into an elsewhere, oddly peaceful, a desert or the interior of the sea. Sometimes when he has fallen asleep face upward in the sun, his dreams have taken on this quality of supernatural bright darkness. ("Novelty")
Salman Rushdie, Two Years Eight Months and Twenty-Eight Nights|Our group takes what I'll call a Post-Atheist stance. Our position is that god is a creation of human beings, who only exists because of the clap-hands-if-you-believe-in-fairies principle. If enough people were sensible enough not to clap hands, then this Tinker Bell god would die. However, unfortunately, billions of human beings are still prepared to defend their belief in some sort of god-fairy, and, as a result, god exists. What’s worse is that he is now running amok.
Marguerite Kaye, Strangers at the Altar|My father prided himself on maintaining traditions that were hundreds of years old. You'll feel as if you've stepped back into the eighteenth century."	Her brows lifted in surprise. He could see the wheels turning in her clever brain, but she chose merely to nod, and perversely, though he knew he would not like it, he wanted to know what she was thinking. "Go on. Say it."	"It is nothing. Only - you are very much a man of the nineteenth century."	"You mean you're not surprised I left such a backward place."	"Such a backward place must be crying out for a man like you." Ainsley pushed her windswept hair out of her eyes.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Why Work?: Discovering Real Purpose, Peace, and Fulfillment at Work. a Christian Perspective.|There is, in fact, a paradox about working to serve the community, and it is this: that to aim directly at serving the community is to falsify the work; the only way to serve the community is to forget the community and serve the work.
Agatha Christie, By the Pricking of My Thumbs|They're like children, really. Only children are far more logical which makes it difficult sometimes with them. But these people are illogical, they want to be reassured by your telling them what they want to believe. Then they're quite happy again for a bit.
Horace Mann|It is better for you to be free of fear lying upon a pallet, than to have a golden couch and a rich table and be full of trouble.
Jonathan Sacks|Nowadays… deals are transactional rather than personal. Instead of placing your faith in a person, you get lawyers to write safeguards into the contract. This is an historic shift from a trust economy to a risk economy. But trust is not a dispensable luxury. It is the very basis of our social life. Many scholars believe that capitalism had religious roots because people could trust other people who, feeling that they were answerable to God, could be relied on to be honest in business. A world without trust is a lonely and dangerous place.
Lao Tzu|He who defends with love will be secure; Heaven will save him, and protect him with love.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If there's one thing I've learned in life, if there's one rule I live by, it's never to regret what's happened. Understand by all means, but never regret - it's such a devouring pastime and one that leads nowhere.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Heart of Understanding: Commentaries on the Prajnaparamita Heart Sutra|In the light of Buddhist meditation, love is impossible without understanding.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|Give the people you love thebest of yourself, not the worst.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|We take pictures with peopleso they could remember usand leave memories behindso they don’t forget us.And the differencebetween the two are the same.We leave these momentsin the air,hoping that somewheresomeone will find themand make sense of everythingwe chose to ignore.
Dave Matthes|Mary watched the sunset from her carriage window, realizing that such beauty could never last. Life was a golden glory that faded in the wink of an eye. Life was a village fair that only lasted for a single day. As the carriage rattled along, rocking her like a babe in arms, Mary felt very old and wise. She found that she didn't mind being taken back to the castle, to a caring captivity that was filled with comforts and kindness. And she also found that she couldn't keep her eyes open.
Anna Davis, Cheet|a raped girl is bad for the family: it shows that they can’t protect their women; that they have little social standing; and that they’re not respectable. It’s worse for the victim because once a woman, or a girl—or a boy—is known as the target of a rape she becomes so despised, so shamed, so worthless that she turns into public property. No one is raped only once.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If you've seen a clear & worthy vision, you get up every morning to pursue your vision even if you were knocked down the previous day...
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?|here is nothing which any way pertains to the the worship of God left to the determination of human laws, besides the mere circumstances, which neither have any holiness in them, forasmuch as they have no other use and praise in sacred than which have in civil things, nor yet were particularly determinable in Scripture.
Ernst Jünger, The Glass Bees|A critical attitude, like activity, is one of the fundamental characteristics of our time. Both are interdependent. If the critical attitude should dwindle, there would be more peace and less intelligence, to the benefit of the essential. Neither criticism nor activity, however, can steer the course in such a direction - this means that higher forces are involved.
Michael Bloomberg|To every people the land is given on condition. Perceived or not, there is a Covenant, beyond the constitution, beyond sovereign guarantee, beyond the nation's sweetest dreams of itself.
Kamand Kojouri|They can award me with the greatest accolades and reward me with the finest diamonds. They can name days and streets after me, canonise and celebrate me. They can make me the queen of their kingdom, the president of their nation. They can carry my picture in their wallets and whisper my name in their prayers but, tell me, what is all this worth if your voice isn’t the one calling me home?
Ahmed Zewail|If you choose to take your compass from power, in the end you find only despair. But if you look around the world you can see and touch - the everyday world that is too easily dismissed as everyday - you see largeness, generosity, hope, change for the better. It's always small, but it's real.
Patti Smith, Just Kids|It's hard to imagine a more biblical definition of devil worship than an exaltation of the self, an exaltation of the ego, and a tearing down of that countercultural sign of the cross," Moore argued. This pride – doing things our way instead of following God's plan
Helen Keller|God is waiting eagerly to respond with new strength to each little act of self-control, small disciplines of prayer, feeble searching after him. And his children shall be filled if they will only hunger and thirst after what he offers.
Steve Bivans, Be a Hobbit, Save the Earth: the Guide to Sustainable Shire Living|The mainstream media in America has become an insidious device of ignorance. They not only shape the story, but now participate. For what?
Glenn Hefley|Love is displacement of life and moments. People ask in gaping bewilderment, "am I in love? is this love? Is it real love?" No one has to ask, "Have I been fucked?
James A. Garfield|If you shut up truth, and bury it underground, it will but grow.
Combeferre Les Misérables|Through it all, he began to develop a relationship with Avalon. Slowly they became friends; trust blossomed between them and then the plans to save the kingdom developed naturally. If Kiran couldn’t have me, he would end his life in sacrifice so that I could have freedom. I turned my head into my shoulder with the feeling flooding my body that everything Kiran did, he did it for me. His love for me, his undying resolve to live his life dedicated to me nearly swept me away with his intensity.
Tom Holt, The Good, the Bad and the Smug|Las Vegas, the most expensive toilet in the world that still can’t flush.
Saigyō|Buddhism holds that everything is in constant flux. Thus the question is whether we are to accept change passively and be swept away by it or whether we are to take the lead and create positive changes on our own initiative. While conservatism and self-protection might be likened to winter, night, and death, the spirit of pioneering and attempting to realize ideals evokes images of spring, morning, and birth.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Sometimes, changing circumstances also changes relationships.
Kate McGahan|We must keep our heart open in the very moment our instinct tells us to shut it down. When we transcend this critical point, we are finally and truly able to deepen our love and strengthen our bond.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The Collected Works of J. Krishnamurti, Vol 13 1962-63: A Psychological Revolution|People should think of their words like seeds. They should plant them, then let them grow in silence. Our old people taught us that the earth is always speaking to us, but that we have to be silent to hear her.
Audrey Hepburn|When you are older you will understand how precious little things, seemingly of no value in themselves, can be loved and prized above all price when they convey the love and thoughtfulness of a good heart.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Those who suffer much, have much to say.
Travis Culliton, Why I love My Prozac|I’d want them to know that everyone has their own rules for living and few people actually live by them all. So, although I may not have lived up to all of my rules and expectations in this book, I’d want them to know that I tried, and the reason I tried was for them, and if I broke them, they were broken with the best of intentions.
Alliah "Lenzkie" Tabaya, No Return Address: A collection of poems|Even the new things thatI less than know,I keep trying, did againuntil perfect.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Reason is up to these demands because it is an open-ended combinatorial system, an engine for generating an unlimited number of new ideas. Once it is programmed with a basic self-interest and an ability to communicate with others, its own logic will impel it, in the fullness of time, to respect the interests of ever-increasing numbers of others. It is reason too that can always take note of the shortcomings of previous exercises of reasoning, and update and improve itself in response. And if you detect a flaw in this argument, it is reason that allows you to point it out and defend an alternative.
Gayathri Jayakumar|What is past, but unalterable truth; life, just a pile of regrets; future, just a sum total of possibilities, and you...? just another trapped soul...
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|I always find that if I sit down, a solution presents itself!
Steven Johnson|Most world-historic events - great military battles, political revolutions-are self-consciously historic to the participants living through them. They act knowing that their decisions will be chronicled and dissected for decades or centuries to come. But epidemics create a kind of history from below: they can be world-changing, but the participants are almost inevitably ordinary folk, following their established routines, not thinking for a second about how their actions will be recorded for prosperity. And of course, if they do recognize that they are living through a historical crisis, it's often too late- because, like it or not, the primary way that ordinary people create this distinct genre of history is by dying.
Julie Orringer, The Invisible Bridge|Paris, viewed from the towers of Notre Dame in the cool dawn of a summer morning, is a delectable and a magnificent sight; and the Paris of that period must have been eminently so.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Crime|Out of the mouths of babes comes only bubbles. Out of the mouths of men like me, only babble.
Anne Lamott, Some Assembly Required|Kids are hard -they drive you crazy and break your heart- whereas grandchildren make you feel great about life, and yourself, and your ability to love someone unconditionally, finally, after all these years.
W.B. Yeats, The Collected Poems of W.B. Yeats|Turning and turning in the widening gyreThe falcon cannot hear the falconer;Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold;Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world,The blood-dimmed tide is loosed, and everywhereThe ceremony of innocence is drowned;The best lack all conviction, while the worstAre full of passionate intensity.
Chandel L. White, Romans to Jude - Precise Christian Scripture Revealed|Long before there was ever a King James Version of our Bible, there was a gospel truth...and long before doctrines and denominations, the preeminence of the gospel was already ripe to harvest. Before man had ever thought about creating symbols to represent spiritual things...there was a gospel.
Debasish Mridha|True love never wants to get, just give. True love never can hurt because it always forgives.
W. Dayton Wedgefarth|It came to me that every time I lose a dog they take a piece of my heart with them. And every new dog who comes into my life gifts me with a piece of their heart. If I live long enought, all the components of my heart will be dog, and I will become as generous and loving as they are.
G.K. Chesterton, The Collected Works of G.K. Chesterton Volume 07: The Ball and the Cross; Manalive; the Flying Inn|And who talks of error now? I scarcely think the notion that flittered across my brain was an error. I believe it was an inspiration rather than a temptation: it was very genial, very soothing—I know that. Here it comes again! It is no devil, I assure you; or if it be, it has put on the robes of an angel of light. I think I must admit so fair a guest when it asks entrance to my heart.”“Distrust it, sir; it is not a true angel.”“Once more, how do you know? By what instinct do you pretend to distinguish between a fallen seraph of the abyss and a messenger from the eternal throne—between a guide and a seducer?”“I judged by your countenance, sir, which was troubled when you said the suggestion had returned upon you. I feel sure it will work you more misery if you listen to it.”“Not at all—it bears the most gracious message in the world: for the rest, you are not my conscience-keeper, so don’t make yourself uneasy. Here, come in, bonny wanderer!”He said this as if he spoke to a vision, viewless to any eye but his own; then, folding his arms, which he had half extended, on his chest, he seemed to enclose in their embrace the invisible being.“Now,” he continued, again addressing me, “I have received the pilgrim—a disguised deity, as I verily believe. Already it has done me good: my heart was a sort of charnel; it will now be a shrine.
Mark Rogerson, This Moonless Sky|If you shouldn’t blame yourself for minor things you did or didn’t do when someone dies, how can you start giving yourself credit for tiny things you did when something really good happens?
Jean-Paul Sartre|Man is nothing else but what he purposes, he exists only in so far as he realizes himself, he is therefore nothing else but the sum of his actions, nothing else but what his life is.
Edgar Allan Poe, Ligeia|In our endeavors to recall to memory something long forgotten, we often find ourselves upon the very verge of remembrance, without being able, in the end, to remember.
Amy Carmichael|We have one crystal clear reason apart from the blessed happiness of this way of life. It is this: prayer is the core of our day. Take prayer out, and the day would collapse, would be pithless, a straw blown in the wind. But how can you pray--really pray, I mean--with one against who you have a grudge or whom you have been discussing critically with another? Try it. You will find it cannot be done.
James Morcan, The Orphan Conspiracies: 29 Conspiracy Theories from The Orphan Trilogy|Now, he'd loved money for money's sake. He loved the feel of it, not only in his hands, but also in his heart.
Dominic Smith, The Last Painting of Sara de Vos|The forger was too exacting, too superficial. Only the real artist has the false beginning.
Robin Hobb, Golden Fool|From this day forward, I vowedto myself, I was in control of my life. Not fate, notGod, not even Chris was ever again going to tell me what to do, ordominate me in any way. From this day forward, I was my own person, totake what I would, when I would, and I would answer only to myself.
Jacquelyn Nicole Davis, Trace The Grace: A Memoir|Though my mental illness is more likened to a big, nasty green monster than something heart-wrenchingly beautiful, I think I have learned many wonderful lessons from my many afflictions.
Max Brooks, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War|I promise not to hurt you, unless you try to take my shit. Then I'll twist your head off and hide it in a bush somewhere.
Christopher Morley|A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success.
William Shatner|Of course, mankind would not have landed on the Moon in 1969, were it not for two things: conquered Nazi rocket technology and post-war anti-Communist paranoia in the United States.
Christopher Pike, Remember Me|Relationships are mysterious. We doubt the positive qualities in others, seldom the negative. You will say to your partner: do you really love me? Are you sure you love me? You will ask this a dozen times and drive the person nuts. But you never ask: are you really mad at me? Are you sure you’re angry? When someone is angry, you don’t doubt it for a moment. Yet the reverse should be true. We should doubt the negative in life, and have faith in the positive.
Aldous Huxley, Crome Yellow|Like every other good thing in thisworld, leisure and culture have to be paid for. Fortunately, however,it is not the leisured and the cultured who have to pay. Let us beduly thankful for that, my dear Denis--duly thankful.
Michael Bloomberg|But I do not believe that the world would be entirely different if there were more women leaders. Maybe if everybody in leadership was a woman, you might not get into the conflicts in the first place. But if you watch the women who have made it to the top, they haven't exactly been non-aggressive - including me.
Jonah Lehrer|Even when alternative views are clearly wrong, being exposed to them still expands our creative potential. In a way, the power of dissent is the power of surprise. After hearing someone shout out an errant answer, we work to understand it, which causes us to reassess our initial assumptions and try out new perspectives. “Authentic dissent can be difficult, but it’s always invigorating,” [Charlan] Nemeth [a professor of psychology at the University of California at Berkeley] says. “It wakes us right up.
Marcus Garvey|One sticks to an opinion because he prides himself on having come to it on his own, and another because he has taken great pains to learn it and is proud to have grasped it: and so both do so out of vanity.
Jeremy Holmes, John Bowlby and Attachment Theory|To feel attached is to feel safe and secure. By contrast, an insecurely attached person may have a mixture of feelings towards their attachment figure: intense love and dependency, fear of rejection, irritability and vigilance. One may theorise that their lack of security has aroused a simultaneous wish to be close and the angry determination to punish their attachment figure for the minutest sign of abandonment. It is though the insecurely attached person is saying to themselves: 'cling as hard as you can to people - they are likely to abandon you; hang on to them and hurt them if they show signs of going away, then they may be less likely to do so'. This particular pattern of insecure attachment is known as 'ambivalent insecurity'.
Leta B., Your Steady Soul: May you transform your pain, anger, and hurt into wisdom, kindness, and love.|As you step out of your comfort zone,may life embrace you back.
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|Maybe Laney's right. Maybe June did love me. But I'm far less certain that she knew I loved her. Did she realise how much I needed her around? It's not like I ever told her. I was too wrapped up in my own world to notice what was going on in hers. Even if she did know, it wasn't enough to count. It wasn't enough to make her stay. So really, what did it matter, in th
Gabriel García Márquez|In a cool solitude of treesWhere leaves and birds a music spin,Mind that was weary is at ease,New rhythms in the soul begin.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|All the diversity, all the charm, and all the beauty of life are made up of light and shade.
Michael Faudet|In the old days, before I was married, or knew a lot of women, I would just pull down all the shades and go to bed for three or four days. I'd get up to shit. I'd eat a can of beans, go back to bed, just stay there for three or four days. Then I'd put on my clothes and I'd walk outside, and the sunlight was brilliant, and the sounds were great. I felt powerful, like a recharged battery. But you know the first bring-down? The first human face I saw on the sidewalk, I lost half my charge right there.
S.E. Jakes|...hero or not, he wanted to hold her forever and not let go.
Michelle Templet|If I went on a killing spree that left thousands of people dead, I'd be branded as the worst kind of criminal. So why it is okay for the government to do exactly that?
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Just think how many thousands of years nature has spent sculpting rocks for us! I can tell you, I have learned that just because it was that way yesterday, it does not mean that it should be that way tomorrow.
George Orwell, Books v. Cigarettes|I’m a man of music as much as I am a man of words and prose. One could even possibly say that they, music and prose, are connected to a lengthy and mutually beneficial extent and that they have been of centuries or millenniums.
Debasish Mridha|Be a magnet of peace, and attract everyone to make them peaceful.
Bangambiki Habyarimana|Who is responsible for the incredible mess the present-day generation ofAmericans find themselves in? In this book, I hope to show exactly how thishappened. A series of deadly, inexplicable decisions by our elected leadersand corporate executives have paved the way to the crisis we must deal withnow. Corruption has grown entrenched, like an inoperable disease, in nearlyevery organ of the establishment. We must heed the words of one of America’sgreatest statesmen, Thomas Jefferson: “Single acts of tyranny may be ascribedto the accidental opinion of a day. But a series of oppressions, begun at adistinguished period, and pursued unalterably through every change ofministers [administrations], too plainly proves a deliberate systematic planof reducing us to slavery.” The American people have been dealing with justsuch a “series of oppressions” now for well over a century, and there canbe little doubt that it is the result of a “deliberate systematic plan.” The bestword to describe it is conspiracy.
Dada Bhagwan|Once the bliss of the Soul (Self) is attained, it never leaves you. Bliss of the Soul (Self) is eternal.
Karl Marx, Marx-Engels-Jahrbuch 2003. Die Deutsche Ideologie: Artikel, Druckvorlagen, Entwurfe, Reinschriftenfragmente Und Notizen Zu "I. Feuerbach" Und "Ii. Sankt Bruno"|If people in the media cannot decide whether they are in the business of reporting news or manufacturing propaganda, it is all the more important that the public understand that difference, and choose their news sources accordingly.
Lewis Carroll|Google is my best friend and my worst enemy. It's fabulous for research, but then it becomes addictive. I'll have a character eating an orange, and next thing I'm Googling types of oranges, I'm visiting chat rooms about oranges, I'm learning the history of the orange.
C. JoyBell C.|Teach your children this from a very early age: "Everybody in this world is different, you're going to meet people who don't look like you, think like you, or even feel like you. This world is filled with so many different colours and shapes, so many different thoughts and feelings. You should never expect anyone else to be the same as you and you should never expect yourself to be the same as anybody else. But everyone can have so much fun learning about each other and celebrating one another" and when you are all able to do this, the world will begin to change for the better.
Stephen R. Donaldson, The Mirror of Her Dreams|The story of Terisa and Geraden began very much like a fable. She was a princess in a high tower. He was a hero come to rescue her. She was the only daughter of wealth and power. He was the seventh son of the lord of the seventh Care. She was beautiful from the auburn hair that crowned her head to the tips of her white toes. He was handsome and courageous. She was held prisoner by enchantment. He was a fearless breaker of enchantments.As in all the fables, they were made for each other.
Pittacus Lore, The Rise of Nine|I know what I'm capable of; I am a soldier now, a warrior. I am someone to fear, not hunt.
Adrian Tomine|Essentially, I spent most of my childhood with my mother and my older sister, and I suppose I had rather a romantic vision of how things might be if there were men around; I saw myself in a country house with six children and a garden. That has never been achieved - and I still regret it.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The Proud Tower: A Portrait of the World Before the War, 1890-1914|If we would remember that all the trees of earth are marked for the woodman's axe, we should not be so ready to build our nests in them.
Jeffrey McDaniel|The Everlasting Staircase"Jeffrey McDanielWhen the call came, saying twenty-four hours to live,my first thought was: can't she postpone her exitfrom this planet for a week? I've got places to do,people to be. Then grief hit between the ribs,said disappear or reappear more fully. so I boardeda red eyeball and shot across America,hoping the nurses had enough quarters to keepthe jukebox of Grandma's heart playing. She grew uppoor in Appalachia. And while world war IIfunctioned like Prozac for the Great Depression,she believed poverty was a double feature,that the comfort of her adult years was merelyan intermission, that hunger would hobble back,hurl its prosthetic leg through her window,so she clipped, clipped, clipped -- became the JacquesCousteau of the bargain bin, her wetsuitstuffed with coupons. And now --pupils fixed, chindangling like the boots of a hanged man --I press my ear to her lampshade-thin chestand listen to that little soldier march toward whateverplateau, or simply exhaust his arsenal of beats.I hate when people ask if she even knew I was there.The point is I knew, holding the one-sidedconversation of her hand. Once I believed the heartwas like a bar of soap -- the more you use it,the smaller it gets; care too much and it'll snap offin your grasp. But when Grandma's last breathwaltzed from that room, my heart openedwide like a parachute, and I realized she didn't die.She simply found a silence she could call her own.
Josh Lanyon, Fatal Shadows / A Dangerous Thing|Where have you been?" I asked weakly. A few minutes ago I would have rather died than questioned him. Let him know I care. But I'm too sick to be strong, kick ass Rayne at the moment."Vegas" he says.I raise an eyebrows. "Uh, okay. Win anything?" I can't believe he was off gambling as I lay dying. I mean, I know poker is hot and all, but couldn't he have waited a couple of days for that straight flush?"I got what I went for, if that's what you mean.""What, a lap dance?"He chuckes. "Even sick, you're still funny, Rayne.
Travis Kalanick|If Uber is lower-priced, then more people will want it. And if more people want it and can afford it, then you have more cars on the road. And if you have more cars on the road, then your pickup times are lower, your reliability is better. The lower-cost product ends up being more luxurious than the high-end one.
Carlos Zen|Idealistic? Ruddy stupid, if you'll pardon the language, miss,: Mr Roberts said. "All this talk about power for the people and down with the ruling classes and everyone should govern themselves. It can never happen, I told him. The ruling classes are born to rule. They know how to do it. You take a person like you or me and you put us up there to run a country and we'd make a ruddy mess of it.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Flower-de-Luce, and the Masque of Pandora|Resolve, and thou art free.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Fear confronted me, and I stood paralyzed. He seemed a formidable, abiding presence. Then a voice whispered, “Fear not.” Fear not, I thought with desperate longing. Oh, how I wanted to heed those words—but how? Hour after hour, day after day, fear refused to budge while I remained paralyzed. And so I let him make my choices; what else could I do? Alas, he never once chose well for me.
Akshay Vasu|Times have changed in research and if you are not using Facebook, Twitter, Youtube, Wikipedia, Google, and the like, you will be left in the dark.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|It was as if-this is something I thought of only later, of course-she was gently peeling bcd one layer after another hat covered a person's heart, a very sensual feeling.
Kamil Ali, Profound Vers-A-Tales|You must see yourself with it before you can have it.It comes down to three questions: 1. Do you believe you can have it? 2. Do you believe you deserve it?3. How bad do you want it?If you believe you can have it, you believe you deserve it, and you want it bad enough; you will envision yourself with it and work to get it!
Gordon B. Hinckley|I challenge every one of you who can hear me to rise to the divinity within you. Do we really realize what it means to be a child of God, to have within us something of the divine nature?
Sidney Poitier|Every day I add to the list of things I refuse to discuss. The wiser the man, the longer the list.
John Wooden|There's always failure. And there's always disappointment. And there's always loss. But the secret is learning from the loss, and realizing that none of those holes are vacuums.
Jami Davenport, Blindsided: Seattle Steelheads Football|He'd never considered sweet and conservative to be so hot, but damn, Emma wore it well.
Allan Amanyire|Dirty politicians, corrupt leaders and thieves are sent to the Ugandan parliament and state house by lazy Ugandans who don’t go to vote.
Mary Roach, Gulp: Adventures on the Alimentary Canal|The slang for the rectum is "prison wallet".
Joyce Rachelle|There is a way of reacting to insult that gives people the impression that you want more. I don't know what it is, but I seem to have mastered it.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Verily the kindness that gazes upon itself in a mirror turns to stone,And a good deed that calls itself by tender names becomes the parent to a curse
Lauren F. Winner, Still: Notes on a Mid-Faith Crisis|When thou art at thy worst and lowest, yet 'underneath' thee 'are everlasting arms'. Sin may drag thee ever so low, but Christ's great atonement is still under all.
Terry Pratchett|Susan's gotta poker, you know," it said, as if anxious to be helpful. WELL, WELL. INDEED. MY GOODNESS ME. week she picked up a bogey by its nose."Death tried to imagine this. He felt sure he'd heard the sentence wrong, but it didn't sound a whole lot better however he rearranged the words.
Mario Teguh|In a crowded marketplace, fitting in is a failure. In a busy marketplace, not standing out is the same as being invisible.
Thomas Hughes, Tom Brown at Oxford|Shopkeepers —the great landed and commercial interests—regularly sat and slept, and where the two publicans occupied pews, but seldom made even the pretence of worshipping.
Charlotte Kasl, If the Buddha Dated: A Handbook for Finding Love on a Spiritual Path|Instead of turning our heads from pain, we merge with it, neither holding on to it nor pushing it away, becoming instead an instrument of transformation. Recently, on my early morning drive to a health club, I saw a deer in the middle lane, trying to get up, but obviously crippled. Her eyes looked confused and frightened. As I drove by, I breathed in her pain and breathed out a blessing. I could feel a dark cloud swirling inside of me, but I also had an image of a deer running freely in the woods. I can never know if it helped her, but something loosened inside of me. Instead of turning away from her pain, I joined her. It was then I realized more deeply the power of Tonglin...When you feel hurt, confused, lonely, or sad, breathe into your pain, feel it, be with it, then breathe out an image of clarity, light, and a blessing. This alone will start to change your life.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When you have a healthy self-esteem, qualities such as likeability, confidence, trustworthiness, compassion, sense of humor, empathy, and optimism all serve to make you more interesting and successful. But unfortunately, we sometimes get in our own way . . .
Matt Simpson|Living a good life is like flipping pancakes. If you hesitate, it splatters all over the place.
Matshona Dhliwayo|No matter how tall and wide darkness is, it cannot block the stars.
Debasish Mridha|The universe never complains.When you're wrong or right,She always loves and cares,She always gives and shares. When you get lost she becomes the light,Helps you to find what is right. But she never forgetsTo show you the light.
George Orwell|At 50, everyone has the face he deserves.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Change is difficult, since it challenges the status quo.
Christine Pelosi|The beauty of our democracy lies in the American value of equality: if you vote, you have a seat at the table. If you speak, you have a chance to persuade others. A billionaire and a minimum wage earner have the same power at the ballot box.
William Wordsworth|One impulse from a vernal wood May teach you more of man, Of moral evil and of good, Than all the sages can.
Jhonen Vásquez|My heart almost died within me; miserable longings strained its chords. How long were the September days! How silent, how lifeless!
Andrew Sullivan|Being a black woman, there's so many different sides of us. We are funny, silly, romantic, professional, smart, and we have good jobs.
Terry Pratchett, Nation|This was not the time to say “I don’t know.” The brothers had begging, hungry looks, like dogs waiting to be fed. They wanted an answer. It would be nice if it was the right answer, but if it couldn’t be, then any answer would do, because then we would stop being worried...and then his mind caught alight.That’s what the gods are! An answer that will do! Because there’s food to be caught and babies to be born and life to be lived and so there is no time for big, complicated, and worrying answers! Please give us a simple answer, so that we don’t have to think, because if we think, we might find answers that don’t fit the way we want the world to be.
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|Music is heard in the background. As the movemnt becomes sharper; the many dancers acting but as one. She is one with her secret. As the time draws near, the woman's body begins to push. With the rhythm of the music and the beat of the dancer's feet; her secret almost revealed.
Dimebag Darrell|Arts education is a big part of building a 21st century creative mind, and I think that we have let way too many kids lose their way by not drawing in their young minds with music, dance, painting and the other various ways we can express those things we do not have words for.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|Hey, Carlos," the Professor says when he walks in. "How was REACH?""It sucked.""Can you be more specific?" my guardian asks."It really sucked," I elaborate, sarcasm dripping from every word.
Milan Vaishnav, When Crime Pays: Money and Muscle in Indian Politics|The failure of India's public institutions to keep pace with the dramatic political, economic and social transformations under way has led to severe gaps in governance. The end result of this disjuncture has been a proliferation of grand corruption - a malaise made up of a diverse array of regulatory, extractive, and political rent-seeking activities.
Melissa Hill, A Gift to Remember|They were at the end of their journey, but as far as ever, it seemed, from the end of their quest.
alfaz .rayyan.sheikh|Stick on your originality, yes I know few people will call you a boring person but millions will fall in love with you because of your authenticity.
George Gissing|He liked to feel the soft little hand clasping his own fingers, so big and coarse in comparison, and happily so strong. For in the child's weakness he felt an infinite pathos; a being so entirely helpless, so utterly dependent upon others' love, standing there amid a world of cruelties, smiling and trustful.
Hubert Martin|That's what really broke me, she was better than any fantasy I could hope to imagine. I've spent my life creating, yet she was pristine the likes of which I could never fashion.
Rebecca Solnit, Men Explain Things to Me|Some women get erased a little at a time, some all at once. Some reappear. Every woman who appears wrestles with the forces that would have her disappear. She struggles with the forces that would tell her story for her, or write her out of the story, the genealogy, the rights of man, the rule of law. The ability to tell your own story, in words or images, is already a victory, already a revolt.
Anne Lamott|When you don't have enough or you run out, you feel in your core that the leak has begun and there will be no end to the leakage. And this makes you feel like a chump. Whereas having some money gives you the conviction that you're not naked in the howling wind, even though you basically are, existentially.
Aaron Sorkin|I like how you call homosexuality an abomination.""I don't say homosexuality's an abomination, Mr. President, the bible does.""Yes it does. Leviticus-""18:22""Chapter in verse. I wanted to ask you a couple questions while I had you here. I'm interested in selling my youngest daughter into slavery as sanctioned in exodus 21:7. She's a Georgetown sophomore, speaks fluent Italian, always cleared the table when it was her turn. What would a good price for her be? While thinking about that can I ask another? My chief of staff, Leo Mcgary,insists on working on the sabbath. Exodus 35:2 clearly says he should be put to death. Am I morally obligated to kill him myself or is it ok to call the police? Here's one that's really important, cause we've got a lot of sports fans in this town. Touching the skin of a dead pig makes one unclean, Leviticus 11:7. If they promise to wear gloves, can the Washington Red Skins still play football? Can Notre Dame? Can West Point? does the whole town really have to be together to stone my brother John for planting different crops side by side? Can I burn my mother in a small family gathering for wearing garments made from two different threads?
Gustave Flaubert|I always feel like the art's there and I just see it, so it's not really a lot of work.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|No. I cannot let him control me.You are mine, Adelina, Enzo growls. Turn your powers against your own fleet.
S.A. Tawks, Mule|Gin and tonics won't say "I love you" and neither will he.
Marie Lu, The Rose Society|I was warned about you, you know."And with that half-smile that wrecked me, Noah said, "But you're here anyway.
Lemony Snicket|Grinning is something you do when you are entertained in some way, such as reading a good book or watching someone you don't care for spill orange soda all over themselves.
Jim Jensen|Black,The death of an old habit in order for anew journey to start. The dark cloudsdisappeared, chased away by the brilliant shine of your smile. So that I had the courage to be me once again…~Riley
Wendell Berry, Hannah Coulter|Those thoughts come to me in the night, those thought and thoughts of becoming sick or helpless, of the nursing home, of lingering death. I gnaw again the old bones of the fear of what is to come, and grieve with a sisterly grief over Grandmam and Mrs. Feltner and the other old women who have gone before. Finally, as a gift, as a mercy, I remember to pray, 'Thy will be done,' and then again I am free and can go to sleep.
Dougie Brimson, Geezer's Guide to Football: A Lifetime of Lads, Lager and Labels|Women‘s football is crap. If it were any good people would go and watch it, but it isn’t and they don’t. And, to be honest, I doubt they ever will.
Gian-Carlo Rota|Mathematics, as much as music or any other art, is one of the means by which we rise to a complete self-consciousness. The significance of mathematics resides precisely in the fact that it is an art; by informing us of the nature of our own minds it informs us of much that depends on our minds.
حکیم|I'm glad I'm not good compared to God, because if I was, He wouldn't be much of a god.
Stephen Dunn|ConnubialBecause with alarming accuracy she’d been identifying patterns I was unaware of—this tic, that tendency, like the way I've mastered the language of intimacy in order to conceal how I felt— I knew I was in danger of being terribly understood.
Laurence Sterne, The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman|I’m not a serpent, Father. I’m a crow.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Research has shown that different colors represent different character qualities and have a powerful psychological effect. Color portrays different meanings in life and in business. Choose the colors that not only make you look and feel great, but inspire the emotions you hope to evoke.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|One day of happiness is worth more than a lifetime of sorrow .... Under ordinary circumstances, jealousy is a suspicion to the person who excites it and degrading to the person who indulges it.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|If at first you don’t succeed, you’re doing it wrong. Learn from the experience. Try again, but with a different approach.
Nicolas Epley|If someone chooses to live a certain way, and it doesn’t infringe on anyone’s freedom, it’s their choice to make.
David Kuklis, Escape from Netherworld|Ah, life in medieval times! Yeah, we only have to worry about losing our heads every day.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|It is in vain to say human beings ought to be satisfied with tranquillity: they must have action; and they will make it if they cannot find it. Millions are condemned to a stiller doom than mine, and millions are in silent revolt against their lot. Nobody knows how many rebellions besides political rebellions ferment in the masses of life which people earth. Women are supposed to be very calm generally: but women feel just as men feel; they need exercise for their faculties, and a field for their efforts, as much as their brothers do; they suffer from too rigid a restraint, to absolute a stagnation, precisely as men would suffer; and it is narrow-minded in their more privileged fellow-creatures to say that they ought to confine themselves to making puddings and knitting stockings, to playing on the piano and embroidering bags. It is thoughtless to condemn them, or laugh at them, if they seek to do more or learn more than custom has pronounced necessary for their sex.
Martin Rees|Some claim that computers will, by 2050, achieve human capabilities. Of course, in some respects they already have.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|A strange sense of loss came over him. He felt that Dorian Gray would never again be to him all that he had been in the past. Life had come between them.... His eyes darkened, and the crowded, flaring streets became blurred to his eyes. When the cab drew up at the theatre, it seemed to him that he had grown years older.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|A contentious, belligerent Christian isn’t living according to the Spirit but according to the flesh. When we stubbornly insist on our own way and are insensitive to others, peace is not our goal.
Debasish Mridha|Hope has magic in it, it can create a door when there is none.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|These are times when sympathetic joy comes naturally, but in a complex relationship the heart may not leap up so easily.
Alaina Stanford, Tempest Rise|Feeling drunk with the anticipation of being alone in the elevator with the blonde seductress, Jack turned back and flashed a wicked grin at Todd before disappearing down the hall."I’m Shala. I was also hoping we'd have a private moment together, before your adventure begins.” She spoke softly and slipped her hand into the crook of Jack's arm."Shala, you read my mind," Jack replied as they reached the elevator. "After Dr. Strong and I talk, how about you show me the sights of Landon.""The most exciting thing in Landon is in my suite.” Shala whispered and leaned hard against him, forcing his back to the wall. Shala’s hands explored Jacks chest then moved to his sides and round to his back sinking lower. Her fiery smile sent an unexpected chill through him. Jack squirmed uncomfortably as he glanced up at the panel above the elevator doors. The second floor indicator lit and held. The doors silently slid aside to reveal a large banquet hall just as Shala's hands reached a sensitive spot.
Lynne Viola, Peasant Rebels Under Stalin: Collectivization and the Culture of Peasant Resistance|Stephen King is just one of the numerous modern engineers of human souls. This mega-writer got a mega-advance of seventeen million dollars for his latest book. The communist soul engineers would get an advance on their future historical guilt, crates of vodka, cirrhosis of the liver, and the constant possibility of a knock on the door from the KGB.
Tracy Anne Warren, Seduced By His Touch|Despite everything - your lies, your wounds, I cannot help but love you. I'm helpless against it.
Satya Nadella|Of course, technology is not an exogenous force over which humans have no control. We are not constrained by a binary choice between acceptance and rejection. Rather, the decisions we make every day as citizens, consumers, and investors guide technological progress.
Liv Tyler|I was trying to be this person who is cool, eternally rocking.
Hugh Howey, Shift|The hugest changes were the ones that could not be seen – that’s where the real apocalypse lay: in people’s hearts, their souls, their beings.
Max Gladstone, Two Serpents Rise|Ego is the central figure of our personal history, based upon the past and looking into the future. Ego is the deepest dream of the Consciousness.
Augustine of Hippo, The Trinity|We went back into the Mens Apartments where there were others raving of Ships that may fly and silvered Creatures upon the Moon: Their Stories seem to have neither Head nor Tayl to them, Sir Chris. told me, but there is a Grammar in them if I could but Puzzle it out.This is a mad Age, I replied, and there are many fitter for Bedlam than these here confin'd to a Chain or a dark Room.A sad Reflection, Nick.And what little Purpose have we to glory in our Reason, I continu'd, when the Brain may so suddenly be disorder'd?
K. D. Lang|Say not that honor is the child of boldness, nor believe thou that the hazard of life alone can pay the price of it: it is not to the action that it is due, but to the manner of performing it.
Martin Luther King Jr., I Have a Dream: Writings and Speeches That Changed the World|We cannot walk alone. And as we walk, we must make the pledge that we shall always march ahead. We cannot turn back.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The sun does not rise to earn praise; it just shines, and the whole world pays homage.
Jackson Pearce|My mother finally took me to a child psychologist, who knew exactly what I was, but she just couldn’t accept it and kept trying to tell my folks I was reading their body language and was very observant, so I had good reason to imagine I heard people’s thoughts. Of course, she couldn’t admit I was literally hearing people’s thoughts because that just didn’t fit into her world.
John Roberts|I'm drawn to girls with a certain self-effacing, humorous quality and an innate independence and point of view. I love the notion of never taking yourself too seriously or being too put together.
Jenny Han, It's Not Summer Without You|Maybe that's why the good Lord gave us these vivid memory capabilities. When stress hits, we can just close our eyes, lean back and relax, and enjoy a game of Tidly-Winks, the sound of a Pete Rose baseball card in the spokes of our bike, or maybe a nice slice of watermelon - with a sprinkle of salt.
Gary F. Marcus, Guitar Zero|Our sense of a composition largely inheres in how we feel about the individual parts; narrative arcs are almost always essential in drama but (unless there are lyrics involved) often less essential in music. All of this is, I suspect, again symptomatic of human memory limitations. We live, to a remarkable degree, in the present; what happened thirty seconds ago is already rapidly fading from our memory (or at least rapidly becomes harder for us to retrieve).
Annie Besant|It is art that makes life, makes interest, makes importance... and I know of no substitute whatever for the force and beauty of its process.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|Succotash my cocker spaniel, you fudging crevasse-hole dipshiitake!
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Clear out your thoughts, don't believe everything you think,it might be a trap within
Vishal Chipkar, Enter Heaven|This book is dedicated to only those who are worthy.Calling myself an Author and taking own name as a body is an ego, concluding my spiritual achievement is an ignorance, explaining to those who are busy in this materialistic world would be my immaturity.(Author representing the Universal Consciousness).
Sunday Adelaja|In understanding and developing your true identity, you can stand on solid ground because you are a person of God’s unique creation
Christine Stovell, Move Over Darling|Coralie Casey was the kind of woman calories were made for; that dewy peaches-and-cream complexion, glossy cherry lips, the succulence of her body beneath that orange, silky dress. A cornucopia of curves, you could say, except it was probably better not to think about horns of plenty.
John Patrick Hickey, All You Have Is Now: How Your Approach to the World Determines Your Destiny|Money can be the reward for efforts, but it should not be the reason for them. You must have something bigger than that.
Ashley Stoyanoff, Two Truths and a Lie|As we plotted Zeke and Sue’s course, we utilized an atlas. But, if you tried to recreate the trip, it would drive you crazy since we changed the names of not only the highways, but also most of the towns.
Feisal Abdul Rauf|Barack Obama likes to point to General Motors as the poster child for the job creation success of his economic policies. However, whatever your sentiments about the government's bailout of General Motors, for every job Barack Obama 'saved-or-created' in the U.S. there were two jobs off shore.
Tamora Pierce, Alanna: The First Adventure|It's always better to attack than to defend," Coram had told her when they talked about fencing late at night. "Always. Ye don't win with defense--ye only hold the other feller off, or wear him down. Attack and have done with it!
Mary MacLane, The Story of Mary Maclane & Other Writings|May I never, I say, become that abnormal, merciless animal, that deformed monstrosity - a virtuous woman.
Jarrod Kimber|How do you know when it's me?""Your footsteps are apologetic?""What does that mean?"She turned, smiling wiping her hands on her long, black skirt. "It doesn't mean anything," she said. "Everybody else here just does what they want to do and doesn't think twice about it. But you're never sure.
Amit Kalantri|Providing employment is the best form of social service, as it serves you, others, your country, your world - the entire society.
Anna Akhmatova, The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova|Flowers, cold from the dew,And autumn's approaching breath,I pluck for the warm, luxuriant braids,Which haven't faded yet.In their nights, fragrantly resinous,Entwined with delightful mystery,They will breathe in her springlikeExtraordinary beauty.But in a whirlwind of sound and fire,From her shing head they will flutterAnd falland before herThey will die, faintly fragrant still.And, impelled by faithful longing,My obedient gaze will feast upon themWith a reverent hand,Love will gather their rotting remains.
Timothy Leary, Chaos & Cyber Culture|The level of intelligence has been tremendously increased, because people are thinking and communicating in terms of screens, and not in lettered books. Much of the real action is taking place in what is called cyberspace. People have learned how to boot up, activate, and transmit their brains.Essentially, there’s a universe inside your brain. The number of connections possible inside your brain is limitless. And as people have learned to have more managerial and direct creative access to their brains, they have also developed matrices or networks of people that communicate electronically. There are direct brain/computer link-ups. You can just jack yourself in and pilot your brain around in cyberspace-electronic space.
Sara Naveed, Undying Affinity|Miniature Emilie came along. Lincoln could tell she was watching him, but he tried not to encourage her. He didn't want to betray Beth. They wouldn't let you ride Splash Mountain, he thought.
William Scranton|When Demetrie got sick, we knew it was our responsibility to take care of her and pay her medical bills. And we embraced that. But the tricky part is, like so many families in the South, we also expected her to use a separate bathroom, to use separate utensils.
Joan Marques|Work diligently. Work hard. Focus. Perform as if you are at the Olympics. One day, unexpectedly, it will start paying off.
David Burr Gerrard, Short Century: A Novel|The problem with freedom is that when people have it, they do what they want to.
Adelaide Crapsey, Verse by Adelaide Crapsey|The lamp hummed:'Regard the moon,La lune ne garde aucune rancune,She winks a feeble eye,She smiles into corners.She smoothes the hair of the grass.The moon has lost her memory.A washed-out smallpox cracks her face,Her hand twists a paper rose,That smells of dust and old Cologne,She is aloneWith all the old nocturnal smellsThat cross and cross across her brain."The reminiscence comesOf sunless dry geraniumsAnd dust in crevices,Smells of chestnuts in the streets,And female smells in shuttered rooms,And cigarettes in corridorsAnd cocktail smells in bars.
C.S. Lewis|I didn’t go to religion to make me happy. I always knew a bottle of Port would do that. If you want a religion to make you feel really comfortable, I certainly don’t recommend Christianity.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D., Sleepers: A Little Book on How to Find Hope, Meaning and the Courage to Fall in Love with Your Dreams|You cannot be afraid of the unknown. In every moment and with every step you take, the unknown becomes the known.
Ash Gray, The Thieves of Nottica|As if the president gives a crap about demons and what they go through just because her father’s got horns?” Morganith returned. “She never opens her coward mouth about the quiet oppression the demons -- your people -- face every single day --!” “Our people,” Hari calmly corrected.	“No,” said Morganith at once. “Halflings have never been anyone’s people.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Murders in the Rue Morgue|There are few persons who have not, at some period of their lives, amused themselves in retracing the steps by which particular conclusions of their own minds have been attained. The occupation is often full of interest and he who attempts it for the first time is astonished by the apparently illimitable distance and incoherence between the starting-point and the goal.
Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times|The state was made for man, not man for state.
Mahatma Gandhi, The Story of My Experiments With Truth|Remember that all through history, there have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they seem invincible. But in the end, they always fall. Always.
Auliq Ice|The man spends half of his life trying, and the other half is preventing.
Nora Ephron|A lot of my movies have come to be thought about only years after the fact, and I'm sad about that but also happy about it in a way, as it's given them longevity.
Mixerman, #Mixerman and the Billionheir Apparent|Of course, he’s not actually a Billionaire. He’s a Billionaire’s Heir, which is wholly different from a Billionaire. A Billionaire can’t get cut off. A Billionaire’s Heir, on the other hand, can. And at the moment my Billionheir’s money spigot is in the off position. At this point, Kanish is down to his last $120,000, and I shouldn’t have to say it, but $120,000, a significant sum of money for most of us, does not a Billionaire make. Not even close.Suppose you were paid $120,000 in cash every single day of your life starting today. It would take you just shy of twenty-three years to accumulate your first billion, and that’s assuming you’re not spending any of it. You’d also need a mattress the size of a two-meter-square room, and that’s assuming you’re stuffing it with neat stacks of $100 denominations.Now, if you decided to invest your daily $120,000 payments, and you did so shrewdly, then the pace at which you acquired wealth would quicken considerably. With that kind of guaranteed daily income, banks would beg you to borrow money from them, and it wouldn’t be long before that daily $120K installment would be enough leverage for billions in secured loans. With billions in real assets on the books, you would be a Billionaire, despite a paltry income of only $120,000 per day. You see, wealth is judged not by what you have, but rather by what you owe.As usual, I digress.
Michael Mewshaw|Personally I like going places where I don't speak the language, don't know anybody, don't know my way around and don't have any delusions that I'm in control. Disoriented, even frightened, I feel alive, awake in ways I never am at home.
Catherine Louise Birmingham|Sister Carmelita says animals don't have souls""Of course animals have souls, where did she get that idea?""She said the Pope says." "The Pope's an old meanie. Animals have much nicer souls than we do. They never tell lies or blow anybody up." "They eat each other." "Well, they have to eat each other; they can't go to Dairy Queen and get a large vanilla cone with sprinkles, can they? ""They could eat grass.""So could we, but we don't. We eat hamburgers.
Baltasar Gracián, The Art of Worldly Wisdom|One should cultivate good habits of memory, for it is capable of making existence a Paradise or an Inferno.
LeeAnn Whitaker, Your Red Always|Laurie picks up a briefcase and places it on the table. He opens the lid and his head disappears under the top. Oh god. Is he about to introduce me to a cat of nine tails, or some bizarre tickling stick? Brace yourself Liz. Cate told you to always carry your pepper spray, you fool.
Diana Peterfreund, Rites of Spring (Break)|I hadn’t gone to Andover, or Horace Mann or Eton. My high school had been the average kind, and I’d been the best student there. Such was not the case at Eli. Here, I was surrounded by geniuses. I’d figured out early in my college career that there were people like Jenny and Brandon and Lydia and Josh—truly brilliant, truly luminous, whose names would appear in history books that my children and grandchildren would read, and there were people like George and Odile—who through beauty and charm and personality would make the cult of celebrity their own. And then there were people like me. People who, through the arbitrary wisdom of the admissions office, might share space with the big shots for four years, might be their friends, their confidantes, their associates, their lovers—but would live a life well below the global radar. I knew it, and over the years, I’d come to accept it.And I understood that it didn’t make them any better than me.
Herman Melville|Such is the audacity of man, that he hath learned to counterfeit Nature, yea, and is so bold as to challenge her in her work.
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72|If ideas and beliefs are to be denied validity outside the geographical and cultural bounds of their origin, Buddhism would be confined to north India, Christianity to a narrow tract in the Middle East and Islam to Arabia.
Neil Gaiman, Fortunately, the Milk|Jennifer where are you going, dear? Dinner will be ready in a minute. Your brothers found a few unattended five year olds.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Now that the wars are coming to an end, I wish you to prosper in peace. May all mortals from now on live like one people in concord and for mutual advancement. Consider the world as your country, with laws common to all and where the best will govern irrespective of tribe. I do not distinguish among men, as the narrow-minded do, both among Greeks and Barbarians. I am not interested in the descendance of the citizens or their racial origins. I classify them using one criterion: their virtue. For me every virtuous foreigner is a Greek and every evil Greek worse than a Barbarian. If differences ever develop between you never have recourse to arms, but solve them peacefully. If necessary, I should be your arbitrator.
Lloyd Alexander, Taran Wanderer|There are, he assures her, no such things as curses. There is luck, maybe, bad or good. A slight indication of each day toward success or failure. But no curses.
Jay Parini|God seeks to influence humanity. This is at the heart of the Christmas story. It is the story of light coming into the darkness, of a Savior to show us the way, of light overcoming the darkness, of God's work to save the world.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|And now," Eric yelled into his mircophone, "we're going to sing a new song-one we just wrote. This one's for my girlfriend. We've been going out for three weeks, and, damn, our love is true. We're gonna be together forever, baby. This one's called 'Bang You Like a Drum.
Joss Whedon, Buffy the Vampire Slayer: The Long Way Home, Part 3|Back in my day, which was about a week and a half ago, we took our lumps and we got back up and we cried like babies and quit and then put on weight.
David Graeber, The Democracy Project: A History, a Crisis, a Movement|The police can use violence to say, expel citizens from a public park because they are enforcing duly constituted laws. Laws gain their legitimacy from the Constitution. The Constitution gains its legitimacy from something called 'the people.' But how did 'the people' actually grant legitimacy to the Constitution? As the American and French revolutions make clear: basically, through acts of illegal violence. So what gives the police the right to use force to suppress the very thing–a popular uprising–that granted them their right to use force to begin with?
Gold Atienza|Limerick gained a reputation for piety, but we knew it was only the rain.
Andy Murray|My fitness trainer's English, my physio's English, some of my friends are English. I don't have a problem with English people at all.
Martin Luther King Jr., Why We Can't Wait|Autumn teaches us a valuable lesson. During summer, all the green trees are beautiful. But there is no time of the year when the trees are more beautiful than when they are different colors. Diversity adds beauty to our world.
William Shakespeare, Twelfth Night|These violent delights have violent endsAnd in their triump die, like fire and powderWhich, as they kiss, consume
Avery Aster, Undressed|There are moments in your life that can change you forever, and you Norah, you are my forever moment.
Karen Marie Moning, The Immortal Highlander|Tuatha De do not walk the human realm alone. Actually, they don't walk alone much anywhere. Only the occasional rogue Fae will do so.""Like yourself?""Yes Most of my kind have no fondness for solitude. Those who walk alone are not to be trusted.""Really," she said dryly. "Except for me," he amended, with a faint, insouciant grin.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|The truest form of love is where you are able to put your own needs aside to do what is best for the one you love. If you could know where I am now and if you love as you say you do, you would never ever wish me back from the love and the comfort and the bliss of where I am and where I wait for you.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|I cannot fix on the hour, or the spot, or the look or the words, which laid the foundation. It is too long ago. I was in the middle before I knew that I had begun.
Racquel McDonnell|And do I still have that look?" he asked."Yes just there," she kissed his eye. "The desire to love me is still there. If you look closely you can see mine for you, my tears never washed it away.
Aldous Huxley, Eyeless in Gaza|The tree of possibilities: life as it reveals itself to a man arriving, astonished, at the threshold of his adult life: an abundant treetop canopy filled with bees singing. And he thinks he understands why she never showed him the letters: she wanted to hear the murmur of the tree by herself, without him, because he, Jean-Marc, represented the abolition of all possibilities, he was the reduction, (even though it was a happy reduction) of her life to a single possibility.
Fennel Hudson, Wild Carp - Fennel's Journal - No. 4|It is possible to escape the complexities, challenges and pace of modern life. All we have to do is close our eyes and picture a quiet world where time moves slowly.
Miriam Defensor-Santiago|The part that always shocked me was the inter-community violence among the chimps: the patrols and the vicious attacks on strangers that lead to death. It's an unfortunate parallel to human behavior - they have a dark side just as we do. We have less excuse, because we can deliberate, so I believe only we are capable of true calculated evil.
Misty Massey, Mad Kestrel|Could we change our attitude, we should not only see life differently, but life itself would come to be different. Life would undergo a change of appearance because we ourselves had undergone a change of attitude.
Suzanne Selfors|Give me a place to stand, a lever long enough and a fulcrum. and I can move the Earth
Olivia Williams|The great thing about marriage is that it creates trust, the most precious of things.
Rachel Kushner, The Flamethrowers|That...that was how I spent the day, just waiting, waiting, waiting...but waiting like a man running amok, senselessly, like an animal, with that headlong, direct persistance.
Mark Twain|Sometimes, a word succeeds beyond the wildest dreams of its creators, like a virus sent into the world to infect common speech.
Don Miguel Ruiz|Courage, above all things, is the first quality of a warrior.
Debasish Mridha|On your journey, you will find a wondrous station called life; relax and enjoy the hospitality and beauty.
Aristotle|Excellence is never an accident. It is always the result of high intention, sincere effort, and intelligent execution; it represents the wise choice of many alternatives - choice, not chance, determines your destiny.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|We are not what we do, we are not what we have, we are not what others think of us. Coming home is claiming the truth. I am the beloved child of a loving creator.
Debra Holland, Mail-Order Brides of the West: Bertha: A Montana Sky Novella|He took a step back to distance himself from her wicked, mind-consuming scent. In the future if he wanted to bamboozle an opponent in the karate ring, all he had to do was splash on some eau de Christina.
Ellen Baker, Keeping the House|Bellusdeo laughed. It was, for a moment, the only sound in the quiet of the fief’s night, and it was warmer and deeper than the lingering night chill. When her laughter faded, she glanced at Kaylin. “I was not like this before. I thought that the Shadows had not touched me.” She lowered her head a moment.Kaylin understood this, as well. “It seems so unfair,” she finally said.“Life is unfair. Which part of it pains you?”“We suffer, and it breaks something. When we win free—by gaining our name, by crossing a bloody bridge—we still live in a cage of scars. If life were fair, we would never have suffered what we suffered at all; having suffered it and survived, we’re still reacting to things that don’t exist anymore.”“But they did.”“Yes. I hate that they still define me.” Voice lower, she said to Bellusdeo, “I want that to change. I don’t know how to change it. But I’m willing to spend the rest of my life trying.” Shaking her head, she forced herself to smile; it was surprisingly easy. There was something about Bellusdeo that she liked. “Home is a strange thing.”“What do you mean?”“We lose it, and we think it’s gone forever. That’s how I felt the first time I lost mine. It took me years to understand that I could find—and make—another. I couldn’t do it on my own, though; I don’t think—for me—home exists in isolation.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Laugh, and the world longs to be your friend.
Matthew McConaughey|And we have a little herb garden, which survived the winter thanks to global warming. It makes me feel like a cool, old Italian housewife, that I kept my rosemary alive outside all winter.
Yolanda De Iuliis, The Memoirs of 'I'|To sought out solace within yourself is the most difficult challenge and is quickly ignored by many, thus can only be achieved when you find truth within oneself
Harley King|The pain we cause will haunt our memories and eat at our souls. I do not seek forgiveness, only the emptiness of death.
Sol Luckman, Beginner's Luke|[Deserters], they've given up everything. Oaths. Families. When you desert, it breaks you. It leaves you willing to do anything, because you've already given away everything you could have cared about losing.
John Berry|If your library is not "unsafe," it probably isn't doing its job.
David Grann|I grew up in a very 'Friday Night Lights,' sports-focused town. I did not play the sports. I was never bullied physically, but I was called names. I was also an overweight kid. I knew what it's like to feel like the other, to feel written off for things that were not in my control - my appearance, my interests.
Russell Hoban, The Medusa Frequency|An ordinary mirror is silvered at the back but the window of the night train has darkness behind the glass. My face and the faces of other travellers were now mirrored on this darkness in a succession of stillnesses. Consider this, said the darkness: any motion at any speed is a succession of stillnesses; any section through an action will show just such a plane of stillness as this dark window in which your seeking face is mirrored. And in each plane of stillness is the moment of clarity that makes you responsible for what you do.
David W. Earle|Try never to abandon hope for if you do, hope will surely try to abandon you.
Mary Oliver, Blue Horses|And this was to save rats, right? Or mice? You spent all this money to save mice the problem of developing tumors?
Robin Jones Gunn, Peculiar Treasures|Part of her had hoped he would say something like, "I want you, Katie. You belong to me now. I'll take care of you." He didn't say that. But his answer was the best one, really. "You belong to Christ, Katie.
Ivan Goncharov, Oblomov|Tree' is the title of a dance, is the cadence of a song. The black silhouette is only a moment of stillness caught by the shutter of the eye. It is finely tuned to the harmonics of the air. It loves both the sun and the wind and is let turn towards its beloved and so become itself.This is the dance of all living things. This is why endangered peoples say if they have their dance they will never die.
Jennifer E. Smith, This Is What Happy Looks Like|I know that I sound like the joker, but the joker is a great character.
Ranata Suzuki|Though life has fated that we never cross paths again, don’t ever feel alone. For we are parallel …. and I will always be by your side.
Adam Rex, Fat Vampire: A Never Coming of Age Story|What part of Canada are you from, honey?""THE LEFT PART," said Jay.
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|I’d skipped the crush kiddie pool and jumped right into the deep, shark-infested ocean of emotions. And, if you’ll forgive the dramatic metaphor, I was a lousy swimmer.
Cherie Carter-Scott, If Life Is a Game, These Are the Rules: Ten Rules for Being Human as Introduced in Chicken Soup for the Soul|Joy, humor, and laughter should be part of everyone's spiritual life. They are gifts from God and help us enjoy creation.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|If we feel good, we can keep going in the direction of the reality we’re creating. If we don’t feel good, we may reflect upon our beliefs and change them according to the reality we do wish to create.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|The search for God is a reversal of the normal, mundane worldly order. In search for God, you revert from what attracts you and swim toward that which is difficult. You abandon your comforting and familiar habits with the hope (the mere hope!) that something greater will be offered you in return for what you have given up.. if we truly knew all the answers in advance as to the meaning of life and the nature of God and the destiny of our souls, our belief would not be a leap of faith and it would not be a courageous act of humanity; it would just be.. a prudent insurance policy.
Henry David Thoreau, Walking|A truly good book is something as natural, and as unexpectedly and unaccountably fair and perfect, as a wild-flower discovered on the prairies of the West or in the jungles of the East. Genius is a light which makes the darkness visible, like the lightning’s flash, which perchance shatters the temple of knowledge itself--and not a taper lighted at the hearthstone of the race, which pales before the light of common day.
Alia Bhatt|No, I'm not interested in politics. I have zero interest. I have interest in hope and people.
1 Corinthians 13 11|...Bud forth as the rose planted by the brooks of waters. Give ye a sweet odor as frankincense. Send forth flowers, as the lily...and bring forth leaves in grace, and praise with canticles, and bless the Lord in his works." —Ecclesiasticus 39:17-19
Christian  Michael|When you think more of helping others, you set yourself up for a life of impact
Mihail Sebastian, For Two Thousand Years|Which is worse? Lust for the purchasing power of money, or the kind of lust that covets power over others? Let the history of 20th Century socialist revolutions answer that question.
Neil Gaiman, Norse Mythology|However interesting and lovely my days were, I could get from one day to the next only by passing through a night. I have, it is true, known lovely nights here; nights of sound sleep and good dreams and nights made wakeful by happy thoughts. but I have not always been a good sleeper, and my thoughts at night have sometimes been far from happy.
Charles Eisenstein, The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible|I would like to propose that the reason our actions have been so manifestly unsuccessful in steering the world away from its present collision course is that we have not, generally speaking, been basing them on any true understanding.
Lisa Kleypas, Suddenly You|If I can’t garden in it, then I won’t wear it.
Cendrine Marrouat, The Little Big eBook on Social Media Audiences: Build Yours, Keep It, and Win|Stay cool is the netiquette rule, if flamed. Responding is for a fool. NetworkEtiquette.net
Jack Bunbury, He/She Smells a Hoo-Hoo|My toes are a total wreck, my fingernails worse, and god knows my hair could use a registered nurse.
Alvin Toffler|There are times when I'm super-overwhelmed, and everything feels like it's hitting me in the face at once, but I think what's keeping me calm, and who I am by staying true to myself, is my whole family being so supportive and keeping me grounded. They treat me the exact same way they treated me years and years ago.
Mark Manson, The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life|Much of the self-help world is predicated on peddling highs to people rather than solving legitimate problems. Many self-help gurus teach you new forms of denial and pump you up with exercises that feel good in the short term, while ignoring the underlying issue. Remember, nobody who is actually happy has to stand in front of a mirror and tell himself that he’s happy.
Roald Dahl, The Witches|I was born on the night of Samhain, when the barrier between the worlds is whisper-thin and when magic, old magic, sings its heady and sweet song to anyone who cares to hear it.
William Blake|My mother groaned, my father wept,into the dangerous world I leapt.
Brené Brown|Women most often experience shame as a web of layered, conflicting, and competing social-community expectations. The expectations dictate who we should be, what we should be, how we should be.
William Faulkner|The writer's only responsibility is to his art. He will be completely ruthless if he is a good one. He has a dream. It anguishes him so much he must get rid of it. He has no peace until then. Everything goes by the board: honor, pride, decency, security, happiness, all, to get the book written. If a writer has to rob his mother, he will not hesitate; the 'Ode on a Grecian Urn' is worth any number of old ladies.
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|A home without a cat — and a well-fed, well-petted and properly revered cat — may be a perfect home, perhaps, but how can it prove title?
Hubert H. Humphrey|We are not spending the Federal Government's money, we are spending the taxpayer's money, and it must be spent n a way which guarantees his money's worth and yields the fullest possible benefit to the people being helped.
Adrianne Lee, You Don't Know Jack|When you're writing a whodunit, the dead body is the most important character. It's the pivot point around which the plot spins.
Dhaval Gajera, MAKE IT HAPPEN: with 30 greatest life lessons|But here's the rub: looking across silos for opportunities to improve capabilities is one thing; creating a vision for how to seize those opportunities as another. Communicating that vision effectively is harder still. But the real work, the deepest work, is in the deciding to stick your neck out in the first place.
Thomas B. Costain|History pays no heed to the unspectacular citizen who worked hard all day and walked at night to a humble home with dust on his tunic and his flat cap. But in the end the builders have had the better of it. The miracles they accomplished in stone are still standing and still beautiful, even with the disintegration of so many centuries on them, but the battlefields where great warriors died are so encroached upon by modern villas and so befouled by the rotting remains of motorcars and the staves of oil barrels that they do not always repay a visit.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Whilst I could not think of any man whose spirit was, or needed to be, more enlarged than the spirit of a genuine merchant. What a thing it is to see the order which prevails throughout his business! By means of this he can at any time survey the general whole, without needing to perplex himself in the details. What advantages does he derive from the system of book-keeping by double entry? It is among the finest inventions of the human mind; every prudent master of a house should introduce it into his economy.
Donna Grant, Hot Blooded|Her dark eyes slid to him. "I can't remember the last time I felt so good in clothes."And he wanted to get her out of them.
Frank Herbert, Dune|Religion must remain an outlet for people who say to themselves, 'I am not the kind of person I want to be.' It must never sink into an assemblage of the self-satisfied.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|After Nicholas hung up the phone, he watched his mother carry buckets and garden tools across the couch grass toward a bed that would, come spring, be brightly ablaze as tropical coral with colorful arctotis, impatiens, and petunias. Katherine dug with hard chopping strokes, pulling out wandering jew and oxalis, tossing the uprooted weeds into a black pot beside her.The garden will be beautiful, he thought. But how do the weeds feel about it? Sacrifices must be made.
Dana Spiotta, Innocents and Others|That is the thing about films. They don't change. You change. The immutability of the film (or a book or a painting or a piece of music) is something to measure yourself against. That is one of the things a great work of art does. It stays there waiting for you to come back to it, and it shows you who you are now, each time a little different.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|The Christian says, 'Creatures are not born with desires unless satisfaction for those desires exists. A baby feels hunger: well, there is such a thing as food. A duckling wants to swim: well, there is such a thing as water. Men feel sexual desire: well, there is such a thing as sex. If I find in myself a desire which no experience in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that I was made for another world. If none of my earthly pleasures satisfy it, that does not prove that the universe is a fraud. Probably earthly pleasures were never meant to satisfy it, but only to arouse it, to suggest the real thing. If that is so, I must take care, on the one hand, never to despise, or to be unthankful for, these earthly blessings, and on the other, never to mistake them for the something else of which they are only a kind of copy, or echo, or mirage. I must keep alive in myself the desire for my true country, which I shall not find till after death; I must never let it get snowed under or turned aside; I must make it the main object of life to press on to that country and to help others to do the same.
KiuzZaxK|A picture may speak a thousand words, but still...
Yahya|Details" is the beauty of this life.
Amanda Bernardo|Ability and luck makes success happen ,no matter what the circumstances are.
Margaret Fuller|Cycling, cycling forever bear, wolf, caribou.When had it all started, where will it end?We are all part of one, from such simple beginnings and yet all so different.Yet one.One and again.
Rosie Thomas, Iris & Ruby|They had lived and known glory, and then they were ddead. She was alive and they were not, and nothing but a heartbeat separated her from them
Jellis Vaes|There is a whole world out there, waiting for you. A world filled with opportunities wherever and whenever you want to grasp them. And whether you do or you don’t…. well that is totally up to you.
William Shakespeare|Sometimes, all that is required of us is to come to a decision, a decision which would determine our course thereafter, which is sudden, which is made in an instant and not out of introspection. Because the more we happen to brood, the more we burden the mind, with doubt with dilemma, whether to or whether not to.Sometimes it is this decision that furnishes to be the highlight of our lives, it may cause us to diverge from our paths and lead us to new ones or narrow down our destinations altogether, either way it cherishes significance.
H.G. Wells, The World Of William Clissold Vol. 2|Listen: it’s got to be all honeymoon, always. Either heaven, or hell: no comfortable safe peaceful purgatory between for you and me to wait in until good behavior or forbearance or shame or repentance overtakes us.
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|The path of Tao is not that of sudden enlightenment. It is not like Zen. Zen is sudden enlightenment, Tao is gradual growth.
Tessa Dare, A Week to Be Wicked|The prudent man is always sincere, and feels horror at the very thought of exposing himself to the disgrace which attends upon the detection of falsehood. But though always sincere, he is not always frank and open; and though he never tells any thing but the truth, he does not always think himself bound, when not properly called upon, to tell the whole truth. As he is cautious in his actions, so he is reserved in his speech; and never rashly or unnecessarily obtrudes his opinion concerning either things or persons.
Coco Chanel|Fashion is not something that exists in dresses only. Fashion is in the sky, in the street, fashion has to do with ideas, the way we live, what is happening.
Michael Enzi|Since no one but you can know what's best for you, government control can't make your life better.
Joseph G. Peterson, Wanted: Elevator Man|To have luck and fail to act on it is tantamount to not having luck at all. In fact, it was worse. Barnes thought back to his self-help manuals. They all proclaimed with compelling force the necessity of recognizing opportunity then seizing it when it stuck.
Diane von Furstenberg|I never like to think that I design for a particular person. I design for the woman I wanted to be, the woman I used to be, and - to some degree - the woman I'm still a little piece of.
Christie Brinkley|Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of human freedoms - to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way.
Debasish Mridha|A flower doesn’t expect love. She is happy with herself. If she gets love, she celebrates.
Peter F. Hamilton, The Reality Dysfunction|Those who indulge themselves in sense stimulation throughout their lives often end up exhausted, with an enfeebled will and little capacity to love others.
Sia|As long as the people don't fear the truth, there is hope. For once they fear it, the one who tells it doesn't stand a chance. And today, truth is still beautiful... but so frightening.
Jessica Verday, Enthralled: Paranormal Diversions|Fabulous" Jack said, reaching down and plucking a crimson flower. A small scream sounded from it as he severed the stem. He smiled maliciously, then started stomping with abandon through the beds of blossoms, a chorus of tinny, shrill screams punctuating every step.
Patricia Amis|Just because you can, doesn't necessarily mean that you should!
Billie Piper|There have been 14 versions that I can find of Burke & Hare movies. They have all been horror films and all the movies have taken place in Victorian times, which doesn't make any sense.
Ilsa J Bick, Monsters|To say that I wished I wasn't there would be a ludicrous understatement, but I'd only ever had the illusion of choice: We have to do this, Hank had said. It's for Ellis. To refuse would have been an act of calculated cruelty. And so, because of my husband's war with his father and their insane obsession with a mythical monster, we'd crossed the Atlantic at the very same time a real madman, a real monster, was attempting to take over the world for his own reasons of ego and pride.
K. Howard Joslin, Honest Wrestling: Questions of Faith When Attacked by Life|I have no guarantee that God will choose to heal Ann, but I know he wants me to pray to that end.
Michel Foucault|Who would want a face that hasn't seen or lived properly, hasn't got any wrinkles that come with age, experience and laughter? Not me, anyway.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|When in doubt, throw doubt out and have a little faith....
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Don't throw away another day! No more procrastinating! Only YOU can make it happen. So, UN-ASS the couch and make it happen!
John Dryden|I am a great lover of art, in many forms: paintings, objets, textiles. I don't have the talent for painting, but I have a very good sense of colour, a love of visual beauty.
Emily  Williams, Letters to Eloise|The feeling of abandonment overwhelmed me as I realised that no one had waited, or cared where I was.
A.H. Carlisle III, Listen to What He Does, Watch What He Says|We must all get our hearts broken sometimes. This is a good sign, having a broken heart. It means we have tried for something
Frank Sinatra|Alcohol is like love. The first kiss is magic, the second is intimate, the third is routine. After that you take the girl's clothes off.
Theo Von|I'm a dad and a husband, and so the things that I love to do are all geared around my family.
Debasish Mridha|It is not the lack of commitment that destroys marriages, it is the lack of purpose.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons, Oxygen & Nanak|My Sikh sisters and brothers proclaim with utter glory and faith “Jo Bole So Nihaal, Sat Sri Akaal”, I say ”Jo Anubhava So Nihaal, Sat Sri Akaal”. My translation of the former is “He who utters ‘Great Eternal Truth’ becomes joyous”, while the latter translates to “He who experiences ‘Great Eternal Truth’ becomes joyous”.
Chris Kurtz, The Adventures of a South Pole Pig: A novel of snow and courage|The field was covered with ice crystals sticking up like a garden of little diamonds. Sophia was beside her now, and the two animals walked slowly into the crystal blossoms. Flora was enchanted.For a moment she forgot she was hungry, tired, and ill-equipped to make this journey. She forgot to worry about Oscar. She forgot to worry that there would never be a useful job for her. She kicked up her front hooves with each step and watched the ice crystals scatter in front of her.
Mordicai Gerstein|Writers to some extent are childish, and it's at the childish level that one really engages with any experience. What really moves you is at the very personal, childish level of the imagination. My business is the imagination, and my imagination is engaged by Asia.
Laura Boniello, Choose Well To Live Well:The Five Fundamentals to Create a Fit, Healthy and Strong Body and Mind|I believe that human beings are designed to be physically active and that not doing so creates energy imbalances within the body that ultimately contribute to obesity and other health problems. As evidence, over 500,000 people die each year from diseases linked to physical inactivity and obesity. Furthermore, rates of hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, type 2 diabetes, and certain forms of cancer have all tripled over the past 30 years corresponding to decreasing levels of daily physical activity and increasing rates of obesity.
Willie Geist|I think we are evolving rapidly into one world culture. It's certainly one world economy. With billions of people online, I think we'll appreciate the wisdom in many different traditions as we learn more about them. People were very isolated and didn't know anything about other religions 100 years ago.
Mark W. Boyer|Love is blind, but a broken heart sees everything.
Italo Calvino|It was the love which the hunter has for living things, and which he can only express by aiming his gun at them ...
Nichole Nesbitt-Brewer, The Journey Of Faith|Maybe it is a lottery, but the universe makes it all even out in the end. The universe takes care of its birds.
Linda Bender, Animal Wisdom: Learning from the Spiritual Lives of Animals|Has it ever struck you as odd that humans are the only creatures on the planet who wear clothes? Everything else, from aardvarks to zebras, is running around in its birthday suit, blissfully unclear of the concept of underpants. Why don't people do the same?
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Morning brings refreshing thoughts.The first thought in the morning, 'Thank God' for the gift of a new day and wonders.
Mark Webber|Oh, and once, when I was in the Marines, I got a perfect score on my physical fitness test.
Samer Chidiac|If you keep fighting with yourself, you will always win.
Weike Wang, Chemistry|It’s funny… when you’re young you spend your life trying to convince yourself you’re not like your parents. And then, every now and then, you’ll do something a certain way, some mannerism, or you’ll say something. When our car broke down upstate, I remember I hit the wheel and said, ‘I’m not made of money!’ And I caught myself and thought, Gee, Louie, you just sounded like Pop. When you’re young and it happens, it drives you crazy. And then you live long enough, and it makes you smile a little.” He wipes a tear from his eyelashes with the back of his hand. “That’s a nice part of life,” he says.
|Don't get bitter and discouraged because most people don't believe in you; instead, get better with believing in yourself in doubtful times.
Charles R. Swindoll, Laugh Again Hope Again: Two Books to Inspire a Joy-Filled Life|Isn't God the one who urges us to "Make a joyful noise unto the Lord"? Why do we always think that means singing? Seems to me the most obvious joyful sound on earth is laughter... I've seen folks quote verses like "Rejoice in the Lord always" while their faces look like they just buried a rich uncle who willed everything to his pregnant guinea pig. Something is missing.
Fawn Bonning, The Leader of Lors|Holy fuck. Testing, testing. Is this thing on or has Botox already begun to corrode her brain cells?
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|Such nonsense!" declared Dr Greysteel. "Whoever heard of cats doing anything useful!""Except for staring at one in a supercilious manner," said Strange. "That has a sort of moral usefulness, I suppose, in making one feel uncomfortable and encouraging sober reflection upon one's imperfections.
Ed Cunningham|Friends are those rare people who ask how we are, and then wait to hear the answer.
Stephen Dobyns, Eating Naked: Stories|The obsession was gone. We liked each other, even loved each other. And our sex was still good, but the hunger was gone. Either it just wore out or we wore each other out. A passion like that pushes everything else out of its path. You can't be married and have jobs and children and work and write and have something like an emotional bubonic plague.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|It is a though he is spreading a veil of protectiveness over me, and I am greedy for it.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Thief of Shadows|When icicles hang by the wall, And Dick the shepherd blows his nail,And Tom bears logs into the hall, And milk comes frozen home in pail, When blood is nipp'd, and ways be foul,Then nightly sings the staring owl, To-whit! To-who!—a merry note, While greasy Joan doth keel the pot. When all aloud the wind doe blow,And coughing drowns the parson's saw, And birds sit brooding in the snow, And Marian's nose looks red and raw, When roasted crabs hiss in the bowl, Then nightly sings the staring owl,To-whit! To-who!—a merry note, While greasy Joan doth keel the pot.
William Baldwin|Collaboration is the best way to work. It's only way to work, really. Everyone's there because they have a set of skills to offer across the board.
David Suzuki|Fixing a broken immigration system. Protecting our kids from gun violence. Equal pay for equal work, paid leave, raising the minimum wage. All these things still matter to hardworking families; they are still the right thing to do; and I will not let up until they get done.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|With God, all things are possible.
Marilynne Robinson, Housekeeping|Having a sister or a friend is like sitting at night in a lighted house. Those outside can watch you if they want, but you need not see them. You simply say, "Here are the perimeters of our attention. If you prowl around under the windows till the crickets go silent, we will pull the shades. If you wish us to suffer your envious curiosity, you must permit us not to notice it." Anyone with one solid human bond is that smug, and it is the smugness as much as the comfort and safety that lonely people covet and admire.
Elizabeth I, Her Life in Letters|I grieve and dare not show my discontent, I love and yet am forced to seem to hate,I do, yet dare not say I ever meant, I seem stark mute but inwardly do prate. I am and not, I freeze and yet am burned, Since from myself another self I turned. My care is like my shadow in the sun, Follows me flying, flies when I pursue it, Stands and lies by me, doth what I have done.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Good self-esteem comes from positive self-imaging. Positive self-image make you to resist wrong definitions others give about you, guiding you to live life with enthusiasm and will!
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|In other words, any act that rejects immediate gratification in favor of long-term grown, health, or integrity. Or, expressed another way, any act that derives from our high nature instead of our lower. Any of these will elicit Resistance.
Liane Moriarty, Big Little Lies|I feel as if I am being left out, as though I’m some straggler and people can’t quite remember to stay back for me.
