Ryū Murakami, In the Miso Soup|That was with me for years--feeling I wasn't myself. And I do think I wasn't my real self then. Of course, I'm not sure there is such a thing as a real self. You could ransack your innards looking for the real you and never find it--slice yourself open and all you'll find is blood and muscle and bone.
Rob Liano|When you have passion, you don't need coffee.
Josh Stern|Come Hell or High Water" usually depends on the kind of plug you use in the bath tub
Phyllis Reynolds Naylor, Now I'll Tell You Everything|...and to this hour the image of Carmilla returns to mind with ambiguous alterations--sometimes the playful, languid, beautiful girl; sometimes the writhing fiend I saw in the ruined church; and often from a reverie I have started, fancying I heard the light step of Carmilla at the drawing room door.
Patti Smith, Just Kids|...the law of empathy, by which he could, by his will, transfer himself into an object or a work of art, and thus inflence the outer world. He did not feel redeemed by the work he did. He did not seek redemption. He sought to see what others did not, the projection of his imagination.
Robert Kennedy|Persecutions are inevitable as a Christian. We are not greater than our Master, Jesus Christ, in whose Holy Spirit we gain strength to endure.
Sarvesh Jain, Naked Wisdom of the child|The words ‘when I take you home’ echoed in the captain’s mind, caroming off that private place where all his suspicions and uncertainties slept.
Sara Sheridan, Truth Or Dare|Felt good, though, just being what I was.
Joe Navarro, What Every Body is Saying: An Ex-FBI Agent's Guide to Speed-Reading People|So, here’s what you do. You win, you go home. She can’t turn you down then, eh?” says Caesar encouragingly. “I don’t think it’s going to work out. Winning…won’t help in my case,” says Peeta. “Why ever not?” says Caesar, mystified. Peeta blushes beet red and stammers out. “Because…because…she came here with me.
Tyler Cowen|The iPhone is made on a global scale, and it blends computers, the Internet, communications, and artificial intelligence in one blockbuster, game-changing innovation. It reflects so many of the things that our contemporary world is good at - indeed, great at.
Jasz Gill|There are many places you need to be, but there is nowhere to reach. There are many people you need to see but no one to meet. And there are many contacts in your phone but no one to talk. There are many masks in your closet but no face to please.
Tahir Shah, In Arabian Nights: A Caravan of Moroccan Dreams|They stared at each other, wanting each other, drawn to each other, but their silent shout of love went unheard in the roar of misunderstanding, and the clatter of culturally ingrained beliefs.
Marty Rubin|If there is no fate and our interactions depend on such a complex system of chance encounters, what potentially important connections do we fail to make? What life changing relationships or passionate and lasting love affairs are lost to chance?
Emilie Autumn|Do you really want to know where we come from?" she said. "In every century, in every country, they'll call us something different. They'll say we're ghosts, angels, demons, elemental spirits, and giving us a name doesn't help anybody. When did a name change what someone is?
Jess Molly Brown, Moms on Missions|Hormones, it seemed, we're making a much-delayed appearance in her life.Liv was horrified.
Renee Ahdieh, The Rose & the Dagger|Because when I kiss you, I want yours to be the first... and last lips I ever kiss.
Henry V. O'Neil, Glory Main|Do I think it was inherent nobility that brought us out here?” He shook his head. “Maybe. I don’t call it nobility, though. I think it’s our innate human need to champion the underdog. We are constant optimists. We’re the emotional descendents of the caveman who stood defiant in the front of the wooly mammoth. We rebuild cities at the base of Vesuvius, get back on the bicycle when we fall off, whack that hornet’s nest every spring. Humans cheer for the couldn’t be, believe in the shouldn’t be. We love causes; the harder, the more lost they are, the more we love them. Is that nobility?Maybe. Maybe it’s a pernicious genetic defect that makes our species susceptible to shared delusion. Whatever it is, it keeps life interesting.
Amit Kalantri|In the men I love heroes, in the work I love heroism
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Next time, mind the time! So many people waste their time as if they are so sure of the next time, but no one is all that very sure, with all certainty, of what is in next time! Next time, mind the time!
|Until the end of time, a winning positive attitude will always conquer all struggles, challenges and obstacles.
Christopher Reeve|Human greatness does not lie in wealth or power, but in character and goodness. People are just people, and all people have faults and shortcomings, but all of us are born with a basic goodness.
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Darkness|All that is left to bring you pain, are the memories. If you face those, you’ll be free. You can’t spend the rest of your life hiding from yourself; always afraid that your memories will incapacitate you, and they will if you continue to bury them.
Ernest Hemingway|After writing a story I was always empty and both sad and happy, as though I had made love, and I was sure this was a very good story although I would not know truly how good until I read it over the next day.
Barbara Pym, Jane and Prudence|Prue hadn't really been in love with Fabian. Indeed, it was obvious that at times she found him both boring and irritating. But wasn't that what so many marriages were - finding a person boring and irritating and yet loving him? Who could imagine a man who was never boring, or irritating?
Aldous Huxley, The Devils of Loudun|Someone probably a lot smarter than me said hell is other people. I say you're in hell when you don't give to someone who needs, because you can't bear to have less.
Helen Hunt Jackson, Ramona|Mr. Pritchard! What are you doing? Is that O-soto-gari? No! It is not! It is a yak mating with a tractor! That is really very very not very good! My grandfather is weeping in Heaven, or he would if there were such a place, which there is not because religion is a mystification contrived by monarchists! Again! Again, and this time do it properly!
Dada Bhagwan|There is ‘Soul' even in other living beings. ‘Lion’, or ‘deer’, is the ego, but within them is the Soul. Therefore, if you take into consideration the type of ego of every living being and interact accordingly, your work will get done. A lion cannot be provoked but if you provoke a dog, it will run away.
Geoff Dyer|I wanted to be famous. It's embarrassing to admit, but I came out to L.A. thinking it would happen in no time. I thought, 'Once they see me, they'll be so glad I came.' I always had a ridiculous amount of self-confidence about what was going to happen to me.
Enric Aragonès|Public stigma	Stereotype	Negative belief about a group (e.g., dangerousness, incompetence, character weakness)Prejudice	Agreement with belief and/or negative emotional reaction (e.g., anger, fear)Discrimination	Behavior response to prejudice (e.g., avoidance, withhold employment and housing opportunities, withhold help)Self-stigma	Stereotype	Negative belief about the self (e.g., character weakness, incompetence)Prejudice	Agreement with belief, negative emotional reaction (e.g., low self-esteem, low self-efficacy)Discrimination	Behavior response to prejudice (e.g., fails to pursue work and housing opportunities)Understanding the impact of stigma on people with mental illness. World Psychiatry. Feb 2002; 1(1): 16–20.PMCID: PMC1489832
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|Maybe you should go home and rest," Simon told Meg. Maybe he could go home with her and they could cuddle for a while or play a game. Or she could watch a movie with him and pet him.
Kara Lindsay|I hope there have been times when I made you all proud, or made you all smile or at least piqued your interest in this wonderful institution we call government.
Rick Riordan|He's nuts" Bianca said"We need to jump off this cliff" i said"Oh nice idea!! Your nuts too
Jalaluddin Rumi|Start a huge, foolish project, like Noah…it makes absolutely no difference what people think of you.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|A man is a slave of everything he does. Some things get rid off easily, some things doesn't.
Nell Freudenberger, The Newlyweds|Once again she had the disorientating feeling that her past was still happening, unfolding in a parallel stream right alongside her present.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Action separates the heroes from the cowards, the achievers from the complainers, the successful from the mere dreamers, the happy from the envious; it separates those who rise to the challenge of their goals from the haters who cower in the shadow of stagnancy.
John Mortimer, The Summer of a Dormouse|I have never fully unbosomed myself to any human being; I have never been encouraged to trust much in the sympathy of my fellow men. But we have all a chance of meeting with some pity, some tenderness, some charity, when we are dead: it is the living only who cannot be forgiven - the living only from whom men's indulgence and reverence are held off, like the rain by the hard east wind. While the heart beats, bruise it - it is your only opportunity; while the eye can still turn towards you with moist, timid entreaty, freeze it with an icy unanswering gaze; while the ear, that delicate messenger to the inmost sanctuary of the soul, can still take in the tones of kindness, put it off with hard civility, or sneering compliment, or envious affectation of indifference; while the creative brain can still throb with the sense of injustice, with the yearning for brotherly recognition - make haste - oppress it with your ill-considered judgements, your trivial comparisons, your careless misrepresentations. The heart will by and by be still - ubi saeoa indignatio ulterius cor lacerate nequit; the eye will cease to entreat; the ear will be deaf; the brain will have ceased from all wants as well as from all work. Then your charitable speeches may find vent; then you may remember and pity the toil and the struggle and the failure; then you may give due honour to the work achieved; then you may find extenuation for errors, and may consent to bury them ("The Lifted Veil")
Michel Houellebecq, Soumission|For one who knows not God – Mighty and Glorious!- silence is imperative, and for one who knows God Most High silence is prescribed.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Agility: The Rocky Road from Doing Agile to Being Agile|Agile does not mean laissez-faire, flexibility and freedom are based on the well-defined principles.
Anthony Liccione|It's a shame, when I'm at the checkout line, and the cashier holds up my bill to the light, in search for a ghost president, or slashing a yellow marker to see if counterfeit. Even in money we can't be trusted. Makes we wonder whats next, will the government make a marker to slash our hand, or an x-ray we will have to walk through, to check if we have a dishonest heart or corrupt spirit?
Joel Silver|I've got four brothers, so with them and all our friends we had these sports parties in the basement. We'd play basketball, mini-sticks, baseball in the backyard, football, whatever it was. We were busy 24/7.
Jen Crane, Rare Form|At his words not my body, but my soul bucked, decimating barriers that until then had been untouched.
Jennifer Chiaverini, The Wedding Quilt|Anna, falling in love with you was like coming home to a place I didn't realize I'd been missing all my life. You're the only person I've ever known who accepts me for who I am, right in this moment, faults and all, and isn't waiting for me to become someone else.
Ernest Dimnet|I have a strong sense that every project is an invention, which is not a word I hear being used in architecture courses.
Ambelin Kwaymullina, The Interrogation of Ashala Wolf|No wires tender even as nervescan transmit the impact ofour seasons, our catastropheswhile we are closed inside them
Jack Black|The secret to longevity, as I see it, has less to do with diet, or even exercise, and more to do with the environment in which a person lives: social and physical. What do I mean by this? They live rewardingly inconvenient lives.
Jake Wood, Among You: The Extraordinary True Story of a Soldier Broken By War|I was not descending in a plane, coming Home. I was watching an alien world as it ascended towards me - and one that I could never begin the process of readjusting to, because I knew that I would just as soon be returning to another world, whose normality was as alien to this home as I now was.
Jim George, A Young Man After God's Own Heart|Our physical body knows it cannot function without physical water. So, too, our spiritual life should realize that it can't function without the "living water" of Gods Word.
Robert Stikmanz, Prelude to a Change of Mind|Sexuality with all its attendant yearnings and pains, jealousies and taboos, is the most disturbing impulse humans have.
Craig Venter|When you think of all the things that are made from oil or in the chemical industry, if in the future we could find cells to replace most of those processes, the ideal way would be to do it by direct design.
José Luis Stevens, Awaken the Inner Shaman: A Guide to the Power Path of the Heart|When Jesus put on flesh, He made human existence “sacred.” Thus, when you are inhabited by Jesus through His Holy Spirit, your life takes on the “sacred” characteristic as well. This does not mean that you become God or incapable of sinning like Jesus was in His incarnation. However, it does mean that something is qualitatively different about you at the core.
Allen Tate|Recently I've been dreamingof cursing old peoplewith little provocation,because their culturehas a long history of enslaving,raping, and segregating,and they have special lightswhich prevent us from dancing.
Paolo Bacigalupi|Does the fact that I can no longer remember my own phone number indicate my growing feebleness? No, on the contrary, it unleashes the mind from the petty tyranny of tending to the trivial and allows it to concentrate on the important and the critical.
David Baldacci, The Whole Truth|Whatever your mind can conceive and can believe, it can achieve
Vannetta Chapman, A Perfect Square|She knew then that white was more than a color: It was a cold, pale shade of understanding that seems to take all of your hope away.
Karen Joy Fowler, We Are All Completely Beside Ourselves|People said that there was one law for the rich and one law for the poor, but it wasn't true. There was no law for those who made the law, and no law for the incorrigibly lawless.
Charles Hazlewood|As long as you understand that you find happiness through family, friends and love, then money is just a nice bonus.
Lynette Mather|When a character comes to life, it’s like meeting a new friend for the first time.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|It's a curious thing that the mental life seems to flourish with its roots in spite, ineffable and fathomless spite. Always has been so! Look at Socrates, in Plato, and his bunch round him! The sheer spite of it all, just sheer joy in pulling somebody else to bits...Protagoras, or whoever it was! And Alcibiades, and all the other little disciple dogs joining in the fray! I must say it makes one prefer Buddha, quietly sitting under a bo-tree, or Jesus, telling his disciples little Sunday stories, peacefully, and without any mental fireworks. No, there's something wrong with the mental life, radically. It's rooted in spite and envy, envy and spite. Ye shall know the tree by its fruit.
Erving Goffman, Stigma: Notes on the Management of Spoiled Identity|We keep coming back to the question of representation because identity is always about representation. People forget that when they wanted white women to get into the workforce because of the world war, what did they start doing? They started having a lot of commercials, a lot of movies, a lot of things that were redoing the female image, saying, “Hey, you can work for the war, but you can still be feminine.” So what we see is that the mass media, film, TV, all of these things, are powerful vehicles for maintaining the kinds of systems of domination we live under, imperialism, racism, sexism etc. Often there’s a denial of this and art is presented as politically neutral, as though it is not shaped by a reality of domination.
Meg Haston, Paperweight|This is the terrible thing girls like us have in common" she explained. "Parents, upbringings,lifestyles, that are painfully normal. Middle class."It was almost amoral, being raised this way, she told me fiercely. We'd never really understand pain. And wasn't that the human condition? By shielding us from the real world, pressing their palms over our eyes during all the bad parts. our parents -our parents-were keeping us separate from humanity. We were something else entirely
Carl Jung|Science fiction is any idea that occurs in the head and doesn't exist yet, but soon will, and will change everything for everybody, and nothing will ever be the same again. As soon as you have an idea that changes some small part of the world you are writing science fiction. It is always the art of the possible, never the impossible.
Louise Rennison, Startled by His Furry Shorts|Madame Lefoux accepted a cup of tea and sat on another little settee, next to the relocated calico cat. The cat clearly believed Madame Lefoux was there to provide chin scratches. Madame Lefoux provided.
Robert E. Lee|I know that war and mayhem run in our blood. I refuse to believe that they must dominate our lives. We humans are animals, too, but animals with amazing powers of rationality, morality, society. We can use our strength and courage not to savage each other, but to defend our highest purposes.
Kindle Alexander, Always|He had a ruggedness about him that was appealing. Despite his groomed presentation, his chiseled face was shadowed with an attractive scruff of hair. His beautiful smile burned into me, melting me from the inside out while it exposed perfect white teeth embellished with alluring fangs. For a moment, I allowed myself to indulge in the idea of them sinking into my neck. Would it provoke the ecstasy I imagined or the horror I feared?
Mira Grant, Deadline|When they are away, you will often look for the baby doll, but it is not always there, where it is supposed to be, where you left it. Sometimes The Baby moves it, or she takes it with her, and you have to settle for some other toy. You bring it into the living room and set it between your paws as you sleep. It helps you believe that one day you might be a real mother.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Don’t do things or act out your posture and gestures to impress people, just be yourself and portray the confident ‘you’ with that high self-esteem. So relax because you are ‘you’. Be sincere, be authentic. That will be impressive enough.
Brooke Davis, Lost & Found|Heaven is spectacular, some would say paradise. A magnificent city surrounded by walls of gold and rainbow paths all dazzling in Gods light. There is no fear in Heaven, nor is there pain, and most really have found serenity there
Katie Reus, Running from the Past|Despite his soft speech, he stared at her as he’d like to eat her whole. Damn her traitorous body if that thought wasn’t such a bad one…. This could not be happening. She was on the run from a maniac and her hormones were going haywire. Clearly, she had issues.
Shah Rukh Khan|Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything - all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure - these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important.
John N. Gray, Straw Dogs: Thoughts on Humans and Other Animals|When the most important things in our life happen we quite often do not know, at the moment, what is going on. A man does not always say to himself, "hullo! i'm growing up." It is only when he looks back that he realises what has happened and recognises it as what people call "growing up.
Jen Calonita, Paparazzi Princess|The Sun Going SouthIn late sunshine I wander troubled.Restless I wander in autumn sunlight.Too many changes, partings, and deaths.Doors have closed that were always open.Trees that held the sky up are cut down.So much that I alone remember!This creek runs dry among its stones.Souls of the dead, come drink this water!Come into this side valley with me,a restless old woman, unseemly,troubled, walking on dry grass, dry stones.
Diane Ackerman|You cannot do everything at once, so find people you trust to help you. And don't be afraid to say no.
Rebecca Mead, My Life in Middlemarch|The only thing you really need to be a writer is time. Regular, consistent time, quality time when you're not tired. I write on the bus to and from work, that's my time, 1 or 2 hours every single day. Make the time, keep at it, and you'll be a real writer before you know it.
Kylie Scott, Play|For despite his confidence, and his apparent maturity, I suspected that there was in him a deep and childish need to elevate, and idealize, the love object. This is not uncommon in artists. The very nature of their work, the long periods of isolation followed by public self-display, and the associated risk of rejection all conspire to create unnaturally intense relationships with their sexual partners. Then, when disillusion occurs, as of course it must, the sense of betrayal is profound...
Max Lucado|Spring is nature's way of saying  "Let's party!"
Priya Ardis|isaac knows how stupid i find these things, and he finds them just as stupid as i do. like lol. now, if there's anything stupider than buddy lists, it's lol. if anyone ever uses lol with me, i rip my computer right out of the wall and smash it over the nearest head. i mean, it's not like anyone's laughing out loud about the things they lol. i think it should be spelled loll, like what a lobotomized person's tongue does. loll. loll. i can't think any more. loll. loll!
|The whole world might not see my struggles and obstacles, but God sees them all, and He never hesitates to come to my rescue. So why wouldn't I praise His Mighty name?
|I am nothing but an imperfect being, who is residing on earth with a perfect God as my guidance and protection.
Jeffrey Fry|Trust yourself. Make sure your mistakes are your own, not somebody else’s.
Erik Pevernagie|Hail the sun! the brightest of all that everDawned on the City of Seven Gates, City of Thebes!Hail the golden dawn over Dirce's riverRising to speed the flight of the white invaders Homeward in full retreat!" - Chorus
George Eliot, Middlemarch|I suppose it was that in courtship everything is regarded as provisional and preliminary, and the smallest sample of virtue or accomplishment is taken to guarantee delightful stores which the broad leisure of marriage will reveal. But the door-sill of marriage once crossed, expectation is concentrated on the present. Having once embarked on your marital voyage, it is impossible not to be aware that you make no way and that the sea is not within sight—that, in fact, you are exploring an enclosed basin.
James P. Krehbiel, Stepping Out of the Bubble: Reflections on the Pilgrimage of Counseling Therapy| Inevitably, if we are to grow and change as adults, we must gradually learn to confront the challenges, paradoxes, problems and painful reality of an insecure world.
Gwynne Dyer|We may still contrive to raise three cheers for democracy, although at present she only deserves two.
William Lloyd Garrison|That's what a man is supposed to do for his wife. Listen, if a nigger didn't get lynched every now and then, well, there's just no telling what they'd do to us.""Who?" Lily asked."Why, honey, the niggers and our husbands both. I don't care what color they are; men build up steam. And they gotta let it out somewhere. Colored men. White men. They both crazy. Honey, the point is you gotta look at it this way: A whole lotta women can't, "I got a man who'll kill for me." 
Kaye Allen, Chasing Sunsets: Love & Wonders Anthology|That’s how it is, day after day... night after night. The Moon chases her sunsets constantly, hoping for a mere glimpse. And for him, that was enough.
Jennifer McKeithen, Atlantis On the Shores of Forever|About a week after they had come back, a load of mail came to the island. They were the first letters the men had received in several weeks, and for a night it relieved the changeless pattern of their lives. One of the infrequent rations of beer was given out the same night, and the men finished their three cans quickly, and sat about without saying very much. The beer had been far too inadequate to make them drunk; it made them only moody and reflective, it opened the gate to all their memories, and left them sad, hungering for things they could not name.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you pray for thy neighbour, sow a seed of love in thy heart.
Jaeda DeWalt|It is obvious that art cannot teach anyone anything, since in four thousand years humanity has learnt nothing at all.
Robert K. Massie, The Romanovs: The Final Chapter|Well, it all comes to this, there's no use trying to live in other people's opinions. The only thing to do is to live in our own.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|Heaven has no taste.""Now-""And not one single sushi restaurant."A look of pain crossed the angel's suddenly very serious face.
Michael Moorcock, The Elric Saga Part I|Elric knew that everything that existed had its opposite. In danger he might find peace. And yet, of course, in peace there was danger. Being an imperfect creature in an imperfect world he would always know paradox. And that was why in paradox there was always a kind of truth. That was why philosophers and soothsayers flourished. In a perfect world there would be no place for them. In an imperfect world the mysteries were always without solution and that was why there was always a great choice of solutions.
Emily Henry, A Million Junes|It is sad to love and be unloved, but sadder still to be unable to love.
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|Idiot.People say that those who call others idiots are the real idiots. I don't care if I'm an idiot, so I'll call you one. Idiot! You should have told me this earlier! Okay, he's dead! I'm gonna kill him for sure. He's totally dead, guaranteed! -ShizuoWell, no. I'm the Headless Rider! I'm totally fine. -CeltyNo, no, no. That's not even the problem here! If he pulled a blade on you, that's instant death. Gonna kill him...-ShizuoWhat about your job? Aren't you on a break right now? -CeltyI don't give a shit. -ShizuoCome on. I'm not going to let you get fired because of me. Besides, I still need more information to track him down. I'll make the preparations, so just wait for now. -CeltyFine. But try to make it quick. Gonna kill him...
Debalina Haldar|Like the North Star, you’ve been the constant in my life. You’ve been my companion in good and bad, my support in happy and sad, while distance fulfilled its role with utmost dexterity… the role of strengthening our foundation for seven years of a long-distance affair! I could always see your face, deep in the cove by the clamouring sea of distance… every time I closed my eyes.
Maggie Brendan, Perfectly Matched|When a woman is attracted to a man, it doesn't matter if he's rich or not.
James Hervey Johnson|No arrogant man has ever touched the human heart, no despot ever commanded respect.
Heather McVea, Dying Forever|Let the past go, Bren, or it will ruin your future.
Jonathan Miller|[Josiah P. Mendum memorial at Paine Hall][He turned] the strait-laced Boston of sixty years ago [into] the enlightened Hub of today, . . . to 'destroy bigotry and uproot the evils of superstition.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|It’s the same with people who say, ‘Whatever doesn’t kill you makes you stronger.’ Even people who say this must realize that the exact opposite is true. What doesn’t kill you maims you, cripples you, leaves you weak, makes you whiny and full of yourself at the same time. The more pain, the more pompous you get. Whatever doesn’t kill you makes you incredibly annoying.
Stone Gossard|I recommend that people try new stuff or take new fitness classes all the time. It's important to mix up your routine, not only for your body, but also for your mental state.
Brenda Joyce, An Impossible Attraction|Oh, I forgot to tell you the rest of it—he’s a widower now, so they can ride off together into the sunset, their wedding rings glinting.
Caitlin Elyse|Writing started out as a kind of therapy for me. I was bullied mercilessly in high school, and I lived vicariously through Kitty. She was everything I wanted to be; strong, smart, witty, and above all else, she didn't care what other people thought about her. But after a while, she started to take on a personality of her own, and I was suddenly more interested in her story than I was in mine.
George M.   Gilbert, Team Of One: We Believe|Before success can truly become routine, there must be that transition from that wanting/hoping to have success toward honestly knowing you can earn success with your talents and work ethic.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|When you speak, be sure of what you are speaking. Don't be rambling full of words that have no integrity or truth. Nobody wants to confide in you when they doubt what you say. If you are filled with untruths, those characteristics make it hard for anyone to believe in you.
Tracy Winegar|The world population is nearing seven billion. John Travolta and Farrah Fawcett didn’t procreate and produce all seven thousand million of us. Audrey Hepburn and Burt Lancaster didn’t personally populate the world. Almost every child that was ever born is the byproduct of two everyday people who found each other attractive enough to go jump in the sack together. Almost every child that was ever born came about because two everyday people thought the other was attractive enough to warrant a second glance. If you want proof that attraction belongs to the individual, go sit on a bench at the mall and look at all the different couples walking by.You will believe that there literally is someone for everyone.
Julia Quinn, To Catch an Heiress|Blake took a small roll from the tray on the table, then put it back in favor of a larger one. And maybe a little butter. It certainly couldn't hurt. And jam...no, he drew the line at jam. She was a spy, after all.
Anna Kendrick, Scrappy Little Nobody|People don't have to do things by half measures because they aren't getting paid for it. In fact, that's all the more reason to throw every ounce of passion you have behind it.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|When it's all been said and done...There's hell of a lot more said, than done.
Eva Ibbotson, A Company of Swans|I need you like a blossom needs rain, like the winter ground needs spring-to soothe my parched soul.
Richard Gere|Values are principles and ideas that bring meaning to the seemingly mundane experience of life. A meaningful life that ultimately brings happiness and pride requires you to respond to temptations as well as challenges with honor, dignity, and courage.
Paul Miller, A Praying Life|But whenever I see it happen, I always want to say the same thing. Good luck. Because you still have a woman in front of you, my friend. And you are still a man. It’s still two human beings trying to get along, so it’s going to become complicated. And love is always complicated. But still humans must try to love each other, darling. We must get our hearts broken sometimes. This is a good sign, having a broken heart. It means we have tried for something.
Lorrie Moore, Bark: Stories|Aloneness was like riding a bike. At gunpoint. With the gun in your own hand. Aloneness was the air in your tires, the wind in your hair. You didn't have to go looking for it with open arms. With open arms, you fell off the bike: I was drinking my wine too quickly.
Leonardo da Vinci|The acquisition of knowledge is always of use to the intellect, because it may thus drive out useless things and retain the good. For nothing can be loved or hated unless it is first known.
Michael Dirda|I gleaned different style ideas over the years. In Southern California, there is a big rockabilly sub-culture. So when I would go to car shows, I would see women dressed like this. I had a teacher in high school that always had her Bette Paige bangs.
Donna Cooner, Skinny|My Oneness will stop the machine that overtakes people's minds. Do we really need new clothes, or new cars, or new TVs? Should we really ingest food made from chemicals not of this earth? Should we really give our money to people who don't need it but want it to fill the evil greed inside of their body? No, we don't, but people need me to show them how to be free." Jimmy, "The One
S.E. Hinton, The Outsiders|If we were teenagers, I could kiss you. But I’m on a platform behind a counter wearing a name tag and we’re too old to be young.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|Nabokov calls every great novel a fairy tale, I said. Well, I would agree. First, let me remind you that fairy tales abound with frightening witches who eat children and wicked stepmothers who poison their beautiful stepdaughters and weak fathers who leave their children behind in forests. But the magic comes from the power of good, that force which tells us we need not give in to the limitations and restrictions imposed on us by McFate, as Nabokov called it.Every fairy tale offers the potential to surpass present limits, so in a sense the fairy tale offers you freedoms that reality denies. In all great works of fiction, regardless of the grim reality they present, there is an affirmation of life against the transience of that life, an essential defiance.
Brianna Wiest|Everything that happens to you is meticulously planned and has great significance. You need to regain your faith in the fact that there is a greater plan at hand, always. This does not mean that your life will be free of pain or trial, it simply means that which you go through you will also leave with something greater than when you started. Look for what you should take, and let go of what it takes from you.
Jodi Picoult|In fact, even the current administration now is releasing recent reports indicating that climate change is real, that global warming is occurring, that it is heavily influenced by man-made objects and that it is something we cannot ignore any longer.
James R. White, Drawn By The Father: A Study Of John 6:35 45|That Christ has from the beginning been intending to point His hearers to Himself as the source of all spiritual life is plain from the language He uses. The hunger and thirst that He satisfies is not physical hunger or physical thirst. Instead, the one who "hungers after righteousness" is the one who finds satisfaction in Christ Jesus. There is no limit to the supply of spiritual food that can be provided by Christ the Lord. His is a never-ending store of satisfaction for all who hunger and thirst for truth and righteousness.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Become a good noticer. Pay attention to the feelings, hunches, and intuitions that flood your life each day. If you do, you will see that premonitions are not rare, but a natural part of our lives.
Chloe Neill, Hexbound|That's our cue to depart." "They know something " I pointed out. "I know something too. I know we're going to attract a lot of unwanted attention if they keep screaming. And then we have to make up some ridiculous explanation about how we heard screaming through the vents in our rooms and we followed the sound back to the basement and we found these girls lying on the ground and pretending to be tied up by invisible rope because they're practicing for the regional mime championships." I blinked at her. "Is that explanation more or less believable than we woke up because two girls who are actually evil magicians tripped a magical alarm wired to a door in the basement we aren't supposed to know about " Scout paused for a minute then nodded. "Point made.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you want to be tall to see the world better, have some high thoughts!
Louis de Bernières, Corelli's Mandolin|Men are sometimes driven by things that to a women make no sense, but she did know that Corelli had to be with his boys. Honour and common sense; in the light of the other, both of them are ridiculous.
Bindi Irwin|I love my bubble skirt. I wear it with a belt and my shirt tucked in. Just like a t-shirt from Nordstrom's or something. And I wear this navy blue blazer with the sleeves crushed up. And I just feel like I'm such a cool girl when I walk out. I feel like, 'Yeah I'm cool, like a model.'
Hubert Martin|He gave up. No hint of ember behind his eyes nor life in his breath. He snipped the last, overstretched strand of hope, and nicked the strand of life by mistake. He did it with his hands.
Michael  Grant, Lies|What do you think that fish is?' Sam asked Astrid.,' she said.'Yeah?' Sam made a face. 'Do you think it's okay to eat?'? Inedible? Joke, duh. Try to keep up, Sam, I made that really easy for you.'Sam smiled. 'You know, a real genius would have known I wouldn't get it. Ergo, you are not a real genius. Hah. That's right. I threw down an 'ergo.''She gave him a pitying look. 'That's very impressive, Sam. Especially from a boy who has twenty-two different uses for the word 'dude.
Leo Burnett|In the books I have written, I have created in my mind a universe. My kids say I have a village in my head and I live in that village, and it's true. When I start writing a book, characters from previous books reappear. All my emotions, my mind, my heart, my dreams, everything becomes connected with a new book, and nothing else really matters.
Sara Sheridan|Solara: I didn't think you'd ever give up the book, I thought it was too important to youEli: It was, I was carrying and reading it everyday, got so caught up in protecting it, I forgot to live by what I'd learnt from itSolara: And what's that?Eli: To do more for others than you do for yourself
Taylor Swift|In the future, everyone will be famous for 15 minutes.
William Branks|On what grounds would God be told that He can bring death to millions of people at the end of a normal life span, but that He may not do it in any other way?
Michael I. Bennett, F*ck Feelings: One Shrink's Practical Advice for Managing All Life's Impossible Problems|Kurdistan has a long and turbulent history. Today, it faces a future branching in directions that could lead it towards success or disaster, freedom or renewed oppression.
Ashton Applewhite, This Chair Rocks: A Manifesto Against Ageism|Women not only bear the brunt of the equation of beauty with youth, we perpetuate it—every time we dye our hair to cover the gray or lie about our age, not to mention have plastic surgery to cover the signs of aging.
Mason Cooley|Children pay little attention to their parents' teachings, but reproduce their characters faithfully
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|All she wanted was to be a little girl, to be efficiently taken care of by some yielding yet superior power, stupider and steadier than herself. It seemed that the only lover she had ever wanted was a lover in a dream
Stephen King|Then he said in his most excellent Mick impression, "Your powers are useless against Ninja Lords, O great zombie hunter! Surrender or feel the sting of the shuriken!
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|When success is internalized, no situation, no matter how bad, can convince you that you will not be able to attain your goal. You become adamant and refuse to give up.
Debasish Mridha|So much love to carry and share, but so little heart.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|I wonder Pa went so easy. I wonder Grampa didn' kill nobody. Nobody never tol' Grampa where to put his feet. An' Ma ain't nobody you can push aroun' neither. I seen her beat the hell out of a tin peddler with a live chicken one time 'cause he give her a argument. She had the chicken in one han', an' the ax in the other, about to cut its head off. She aimed to go for that peddler with the ax, but she forgot which hand was which, an' she takes after him with the chicken. Couldn' even eat that chicken when she got done. They wasn't nothing but a pair of legs in her han'. Grampa throwed his hip outa joint laughin'.
Annie Dillard, The Maytrees|A whole planet of worlds, and not one of them—not one—has a soul. They wander through their lives separate and alone, unable even to communicate except through grunts and tokens: as if the essence of a sunset or a supernova could ever be contained in some string of phonemes, a few linear scratches of black on white. They've never known communion, can aspire to nothing but dissolution. The paradox of their biology is astonishing, yes; but the scale of their loneliness, the futility of these lives, overwhelms me.
Olivia Laing, The Lonely City: Adventures in the Art of Being Alone|This is what's so terrifying about being lonely: the instinctive sense that it is literally repulsive, inhibiting contact at just the moment contact is most required.
Eden Robinson, Monkey Beach|Beryl: Beryl is a warm gemstone which develops, between the third hour and midday, from the foam of water when the sun burns it severely. Its power is thus more from air and water than from fire, but nevertheless it has some of the properties of fire. And if a man has drunk or eaten poison, then he should place a little beryl in spring water and drink it at once. Continue for five days drinking it once a day while fasting, and the poison will foam up through vomiting, or it will pass out of him through the rear.
|If it didn't work out today, don't feel incapable of achieving it and give up. Learn from it without losing faith and enthusiasm. Tomorrow is another opportunity to try again with a better approach.
Mente, Boye Lafayette De|PatienceA word so difficult to pronounce because it is so difficult to wait or to be patient. But no matter how someone is behaving, appreciate the grace you have for God to give you people that will build that character in you!! It isn't easy but for the Christ like being, it is joy overwhelming. Thank and praise God for every situations that require you to be patient. God bless you.
Adam Zagajewski, Without End: New and Selected Poems|I drink from a small spring, my thirst exceeds the ocean.
Chick Corea|My debut album, 'Forget the World,' is all about not listening to the negativity around you and to continue to do what you love, no matter what people think. I love what I do. Dance music is my passion, my life. There is no greater feeling than being one with my fans, partying to the music we love.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|With God on your side, what does luck matter?
Maajid Nawaz|Well, you know, I just - I believe marriage should between a man and a woman.
Margaret Atwood|What did they want from it? Lechery, smut, confirmation of their worst suspicions. But perhaps some of them wanted, despite themselves, to be seduced. Perhaps they were looking for passion; perhaps they delved into this book as into a mysterious parcel - a gift box at the bottom of which, hidden in layers of rustling tissue paper, lay something they'd always longed for but couldn't ever grasp.
Helen Hunt|Greater personal choice, individually tailored services, stronger local accountability, greater efficiency - these are all central to the new direction of travel we have set for our public services.
Michele Jennae, CHARGE! The Patchwork Rhino|The strangest thing was, as beautiful as I found her to be, she admitted that she wasn’t always comfortable in her own skin. I found that hard to believe until she explained herself. All of the sudden I was not so much in awe of her but found myself empathizing with her.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni|I think there's a growing courage among the younger generation of American writers. Because of the more superficial treatment of characters taking place in cinema, they have had to deal with that by digging deeper into who these people are.
Evinda Lepins|In order to discern truth in our hearts, we must unpack the lies". HS/el
David W. Earle|The key problem I encounter working with wounded, depressed, and unhappy people is a lack of connection…starting from a disconnection from themselves and then with others. This is why love often becomes so distorted and destructive. When people experience a disconnection from themselves, they feel it but do not realize the problem.
Seneca|As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters.
Conrad Aiken, Great Tales of Terror and the Supernatural|Come with me to howling tree?""What?""Howling tree. It's a place a found. Come on
Rick Gekoski, Darke|He won't remember any of this, he's too young and it's too painful. Children are wonderfully self-preserving. They filter memory, cleanse and sanitise it, unless it's too awful to renounce. And this isn't. Or is it? These gummy spots of time that inextricably adhere when so much more is erased, how do we account for their tenacity?
Janet Jackson|You can say I had a severe case of 'Roots' envy. I wanted to be like Alex Haley, and I wanted to be able to... do my family tree back to the slave ship and then reverse the Middle Passage, as I like to put it, and find the tribe or ethnic group that I was from in Africa.
Scott Hahn|All your winning or losing of a good conscience, is in your first buying; for such is the deceitfulness of sin, and the cunning conveyance of that old serpent, that if his head be once entering in, his whole body will easily follow after; and if he make you handsomely to swallow gnats at first, he will make you swallow camels ere all be done. Oh, happy they who dash the little ones of Babylon against the stones (Ps. 137:9)!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Podo and Leeli finally came back to where the others rested, and though her face still bore the weight of her sorrow, Janner could see that is sister was present. Her eyes didn't see stare into nothing. They saw the situation, grieved for it, and faced it.
Anonymous|Remember the past, plan for the future, but live for today, because yesterday is gone and tomorrow may never come.
guggenhbuhl-craig|In general the power drive is given free rein when it can appear under the cloak of objective and moral rectitude. People are the most cruel when they can use cruelty to enforce the "good."In daily life we often suffer pages of conscience when we permit ourselves to be excessively motivated by the power drive. But these guilt feelings completely disappear from consciousness when our actions, while unconsciously motivated by a lust for power, can be consciously justified by that which is allegedly right and good.
Richard Bach|If we lose love and self respect for each other, this is how we finally die.
Stephen Crane, Complete Poems of Stephen Crane|Two or three angelsCame near to the earth.They saw a fat church.Little black streams of peopleCame and went in continually.And the angels were puzzledTo know why the people went thus,And why they stayed so long within.
Carrie Ann Ryan, Love Restored|Silence hung between them, and Maddy's heartbeat picked up. She probably should have played it cool, but why bother? She wanted him.
Nirav Sanchaniya|A Writer is Actor, Creator, Director & Producer Of HIS Life. Ask ME anything.
Kendrick Lamar|You can learn more from the lows than the highs. The highs are great but the lows make you really look at things in a different way and want to improve. Every player will have both in their careers and I have, but what you get is that experience which is so important to perform at your best.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|I love rain. I love the sound of it falling on an umbrella, each drop that hits the cloth a soothing sound. Everything is so fresh and clean. It always feels as if each drop is helping to wash away the hurt, the pain, the dirt that life leaves behind. As if the mere act of it falling can give life a rebirth, a second chance.
Scott Jurek, Eat and Run: My Unlikely Journey to Ultramarathon Greatness|Friedrich Nietzsche got pretty hung up on the notion of human will; really all he needed were some running shoes, Lycra and a place in the Berlin Marathon.
Santosh Kalwar|O dear Himalaya...why are you so amazing, can I kiss your peak or can I just let your silence speak...O dear Himalaya...
Ken Akamatsu|If you loved someone, you loved him, and when you had nothing else to give, you still gave him love. when the last of the chocolate was gone, his mother had clasped the child in her arms. It was no use, it changed nothing, it did not produce more chocolate, it did net avert the child's death or her own; but it seemed natural to do it. The refugee woman in the boat had also covered the little boy with her arm, which was no more use against bullets than a sheet of paper. The terrible thing that the party has done was to persuade you that mere impulses, mere feelings, were of no account, while at the same time robbing you of all power over the material world. When once you were in the grip of the Party, what you felt or did not feel, what you did or refrained from doing, made literally no difference. Whatever happened you vanished, and neither you nor your actions were ever heard of again. You were lifted clean out of history.
Lily Harper Hart|You can't come in."Luna Morgan met her daughter's plaintive gaze with a blank one of her own. "What do you mean we can't come in?""I have a guest," Ivy said."Is he naked?" Max asked, wrinkling his nose."Who?""Your guest," Max said."It's not a man," Ivy said, rolling her eyes. "Get your mind out of the gutter.
Bess Streeter Aldrich, Lantern in Her Hand|I'll catch any rose in my vase-shaped heart, then process it through my vascular system, until there's nothing left.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to be wise, learn wisdom from nature.
Paul Watson|My first-ever car, my parents bought me a red Fiat Uno. I was 17 and just so happy to have a car, so I was very fortunate that my parents were in a position to get me one - it was a secondhand car, but I was just so happy to have it.
Arthur W. Pink, The Attributes of God|...Our Lord Jesus Christ added nothing to God in his essential being and glory, either by what He did or suffered. True, blessedly and gloriously true. He manifested the glory of God to us, but he added nought to God... Christ's goodness and rightousness reached unto His saints in the earth but God was high above and beyond it all....
E.L. Konigsburg, The View from Saturday|I think I will do nothing for a long time but listen,And accrue what I hear into myself...and let sound contribute toward me.
Stephen King, The Green Mile|There was a beautiful feeling of calm in my groin, a sense of peace so remarkable it was almost ecstasy——anyone who' suffered bad pain and then recovered will know what I'm talking about.
Chaim Potok, My Name Is Asher Lev|For all the pain you suffered, my mama. For all the torment of your past and future years, my mama. For all the anguish this picture of pain will cause you. For the unspeakable mystery that brings good fathers and sons into the world and lets a mother watch them tear at each other’s throats. For the Master of the Universe, whose suffering world I do not comprehend. For dreams of horror, for nights of waiting, for memories of death, for the love I have for you, for all the things I remember, and for all the things I should remember but have forgotten, for all these I created this painting—an observant Jew working on a crucifixion because there was no aesthetic mold in his own religious tradition into which he could pour a painting of ultimate anguish and torment.
James Caan|Many of the most successful men I have known have never grown up. They have retained bubbling-over boyishness. They have relished wit  they have indulged in humor. They have not allowed "dignity" to depress them into moroseness. Youthfulness of spirit is the twin brother of optimism  and optimism is the stuff of which American business success is fashioned. Resist growing up!
Lily Gardner, Betting Blind|The only way to wrest yourself from Bad Luck's grip is to act. Not randomly, but with logical purpose. And if you were wrong, you backed up and re- A person can't sit on their ass and wait for Good Luck to walk by.reasoned. Chance still overrode your efforts, but what other way did you have to combat chaos?
Nanamoli Thera|She wondered sometimes if it wasn't all pretense—if, when she shut her eyes and wished restitution upon the whole wounded parade of humanity, she wasn't really wishing away the world that created war and illness so that she might have a world in which there was room to feel sorry for herself.
Sharon Salzberg, Lovingkindness: The Revolutionary Art of Happiness|The manifestation of the free mind is said to be lovingkindness, compassion, sympathetic joy, and equanimity.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|When she opened her eyes, she was both in her body and watching it, nowhere near the cavity of the tree. The Blue that was before her stood inches from a boy in an Aglionby sweater. There was a slight stoop to his posture, and his shoulders were spattered darkly with rain. It was his fingers that Blue felt on her face. He touched her cheek with the backs of his fingers. Tears coursed down the other Blue's face. Though some strange magic, Blue could feel them on her face as well. She could feel, too, sick, rising misery she'd felt in the churchyard, the grief that felt bigger than her. The other Blue's tears seemed endless. One drop slid after another, each following an identical path down her cheeks.The boy in the Aglionby sweater leaned his forehead against Blue's. She felt the pressure of his skin against hers, and suddenly she could smell mint. It'll be okay. Gansey told the other Blue. She could tell that he was afraid. It'll be okay.Impossibly, Blue realized that this other Blue was crying because she loved Gansey. And that the reason Gansey touched her like that, his fingers so careful with her, was because he knew that her kiss could kill him. She could feel how badly the other Blue wanted to kiss him, even as she dreaded it. Though she couldn't understand why, her real, present day memories in the tree cavity were clouded with other false memories of their lips nearly touching, a life this other Blue had already lived.Okay, I'm ready- Gansey's voice caught, just a little. Blue, kiss me.
Sia|I left Jamaica for a while, because as an artist I need to experience different things, see the world, have different energies. Living in one place is not good for me.
Jon Miller|To an extent, we get the big businesses we deserve. No conversation about the role of business in society is complete without considering the role of the public. Ultimately it is the public – as consumers, as citizens – who create the environment in which business operates.
Paullina Simons, Lone Star|Lupe would have a lot to say about this. I can almost hear her gravelly voice in my head. There is no hate without fear, she'd say. Hate is fear crystallized, fear objectified. We hate what threatens our selves, our dreams, our plans, our freedom, our place in the world, our place in the hearts of the people we love. We fear first. Then we hate.And I know what I would say to her in response. Lupe, I'd say. My troubles are just beginning.
Simone Weil|Deterrence is the art of producing, in the mind of the enemy, the fear to attack.
Samuel Johnson, The Life of Samuel Johnson LL.D. Vol 2|This is one of the disadvantages of wine, it makes a man mistake words for thoughts.
Melinda Salisbury, The Sin Eater’s Daughter|But I want you,” he smiles at me. “Not just to make me a king. I’ve always wanted you. Despite it all, you are still the bride I would choose. I do choose you.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Every few words you speak, every little help you offer and every small advice you give mass up tiny miracles that can change someone's life forever!
Deb Caletti, The Six Rules of Maybe|What is it about hairdressers? You tell them 'not too short' and some part of their hairdresser brain hears this as 'whack the shit out of it.' If you never say, 'not too short,' everything is fine. You say it, & it's a guarantee you'll come out ready for the military>
Lorrie Moore|But there was in the air that kind of distortion that bent you a little; it caused your usual self to grow slippery, to wander off and shop, to get blurry, bleed, bevel with possibility.
L.A. Kennedy, Macabre|A vampire?” Lucy hissed incredulously, leaning away from him and wondering if maybe this was all just a prank. Or a dream. She was more than willing to revisit that theory. “I thought vampires drink blood, not eat your face.
Gary   Hopkins|When a bully is held accountable for his actions, his future actions will change. Bad behavior only continues for those who allow it.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|As women must be more empowered at work, men must be more empowered at home. I have seen so many women inadvertently discourage their husbands from doing their share by being too controlling or critical. Social scientists call this "maternal gatekeeping" which is a fancy term for "Ohmigod, that's not the way you do it! Just move aside and let me!"...Anyone who wants her mate to be a true partner must treat him as an equal--and equally capable partner. And if that's note reason enough, bear in mind that a study found that wives who engage in gatekeeping behaviors do five more hours of family work per week than wives who take a more collaborative approach.Another common and counterproductive dynamic occurs when women assign or suggest taks to their partners. She is delegating, and that's a step in the right direction. But sharing responsibility should mean sharing responsibility. Each partner needs to be in charge of specific activities or it becomes too easy for one to feel like he's doing a favor instead of doing his part.
Michael Bihovsky|Since my symptoms began 13 years ago, I’ve tried every form of pain management I could access — NSAIDS, nonopioid analgesics, neurologic medications, acupuncture, laser therapy, physical therapy, prolotherapy, massage, and trigger-point injections. Most of these have been unhelpful; others provide temporary relief, often at great expense. At the end of the day, when my body is fully depleted of its resources and in the most pain, a single dose of Percocet is the only tool that silences the pain enough for me to fall asleep.I honestly don’t know what I’d do if Percocet became unavailable to me, and the very thought scares me. I’ve been taking it for five years. To avoid any chance of addiction, I only take it at night and have stayed on a consistently low dose.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Bewildered as he might be, sometimes a man's highest calling is simply to stand, and hug.
D.J. MacLennan, Frozen to Life: A Personal Mortality Experiment|Your name may be 'writ in water', but for now, you have the great advantage of being a wave that can think.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you are happy with what you have, you are the happiest.
Amit Kalantri, I Love You Too|She's pretty in a way that distracts me just like she did in the Skiz ring. No, pretty's not the right word. Beautiful.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|You two are too cute,” the counter girl said, setting two cups piled with whipped cream on the counter. She had a sort of lopsided, open smile that made me think she laughed a lot. “Seriously. How long have you been going out?”Sam let go of my hands to get his wallet and took out some bills. “Six years.”I wrinkled my nose to cover a laugh. Of course he would count the time that we’d been two entirely different species.Whoa.” Counter girl nodded appreciatively. “That’s pretty amazing for a couple your age."Sam handed me my hot chocolate and didn’t answer. But his yellow eyes gazed at me possessively—I wondered if he realized that the way he looked at me was far more intimate than copping a feel could ever be.I crouched to look at the almond bark on the bottom shelf in the counter. I wasn’t quite bold enough to look at either of them when I admitted, “Well, it was love at first sight.”The girl sighed. “That is just so romantic. Do me a favor, and don’t you two ever change. The world needs more love at first sight.
Nick Offerman|I think the thing about love is that even though the things around us change, we as human beings, a lot of the ways we interact, and the ways we love each other is timeless. It requires trust, honesty, commitment, romance, and physical chemistry.
Amy Kathleen Ryan, Vibes|They dared not peer down into their own natures, down into the feverish confusion that filled their minds with a kind of dense, acrid mist.
Phillip Gary Smith, HARMONIZING: Keys to Living in the Song of Life|Exactly. Since it is morally justifiable, I have only to consider the question of personal risk. Surely a gentleman should not lay much stress upon this, when a lady is in most desperate need of his help?
Pen|Tell someone a story, and you capture their imagination. Make someone laugh, and you capture their friendship. Bring a tear to their eye with poignant grace, and you capture their heart. But never, never attempt to capture someone’s spirit. That is theirs, and theirs alone.
Audrey Regan|Brushing my little teeth every morning of my childhood, I stood on my tippy toes, leaned over the sink and said to myself that when I am a big girl I will see from this high.Today I did the same thing, but the view from my toes was the same from flat feet.I'm a big girl now.
Shania Twain|Most of me was glad when my mother died. She was a handful, but not in a cute, festive way. More in a life-threatening way, that had caused me a long time ago to give up all hope of ever feeling good about having had her as a mother.
Muse|Contrary to general belief, an artist is never ahead of his [sic!] time but most people are far behind theirs.
Bruce H. Jackson|Just remember, the difference between being good versus being great is just a few points, inches, or seconds.
Will Davis, My Side Of The Story|I was not 15 anymore, and choices no longer had that same clear, bright edge to them.
Timothy O'Grady, Children of Las Vegas: True Stories of Growing up in the World's Playground|But I came to see that Las Vegas is not a freak but is, instead, deeply integrated with the rest of the country, and the world beyond. It is symptom, mirror, metaphor.
Sarah Jessica Parker|I have a deep and passionate love of America. It is where I have always thought I would be happiest, and although I miss England desperately, I find that my heart definitely has its home over here.
Mohadesa Najumi|You are not always right. It’s not always about being right. The best thing you can offer others is understanding. Being an active listener is about more than just listening, it is about reciprocating and being receptive to somebody else. Everybody has woes. Nobody is safe from pain. However, we all suffer in different ways. So learn to adapt to each person, know your audience and reserve yourself for people who have earned the depths of you
Rachel Kushner, The Flamethrowers|My book, Ambassador Book one: how to take on the world and win will help to illuminate many of the obstacles that we all must face in order to succeed. You are invited on a journey of personal discovery.
Cassandra Sky West|Ability, commitment, effort. Those are the three things required to succeed. If you have them, success will happen as sure as the sun will rise.You just have to give it time
Sandeep Sahajpal|Stocks are also like Golf; while you are sure to hit a birdie, eagle, albatross, you wind up hitting one or two over par!
L.G. Castillo, Lash|I see it in your eyes as I see it in hers. Remember, there is always light where there is love and if that is what is meant to happen between the two of you, then it was destined.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|What is it, what nameless, inscrutable, unearthly thing is it; what cozening, hidden lord and master, and cruel, remorseless emperor commands me; that against all natural loving and longings, I so keep pushing, and crowding, and jamming myself on all the time; recklessly making me ready to do what in my own proper, natural heart, I durst not so much as dare?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Smiling Bloopers•	Insincere smiling can backfire! (Different from a shy smile that just beckons a friendly "hello.")•	Transitioning from a smile to a straight face, too quickly, may give others the impression that you are fake or do not like them.•	Going overboard and smiling all the time, especially when it is inappropriate, will make you appear insincere.•	If your mouth smiles, but your eyes don’t, there is a disconnect that can make you appear less authentic and trustworthy.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|I've spent so much time these last years wondering what I'm supposed to be. A wife? A lover? A celibate? An Italian? A glutton? A traveler? An artist? A Yogi? But I'm not any of these things, at least not completely. And I'm not Crazy Aunt Liz, either. I'm just a slippery antevasin - betwixt and between - a student on the ever-shifting border near the wonderful, scary forest of the new.
Barbara Sher|If you can change three lives in 10, three lives in a hundred, that's got to be good, hasn't it?
Plutarch, Moralia|By the aid of philosophy you will live not unpleasantly, for you will learn to extract pleasure from all places and things: wealth will make you happy, because it will enable you to benefit many; and poverty, as you will not then have many anxieties; and glory, for it will make you honoured; and obscurity, for you will then be safe from envy.
Heather Graham, Dark Stranger|You are a bit like that painting, Minnow. Remember how lovingly and carefully formed you are. Your thoughts, your talents, your memories, your mistakes.... they all make the complete canvas of you. Even though others may mistake your worth, you must never value yourself any less.
Heraclitus, Fragments|Always having what we wantmay not be the best good fortuneHealth seems sweetestafter sickness, foodin hunger, goodnessin the wake of evil, and at the endof daylong labor sleep.
Deyth Banger|your vision should be like a DSLR lens, only positivity should be focused and negativity should be blurred
Crestless Wave|Thank you, NASA, for keeping watch and realizing that our universe will never be anything but light-years new. I want to understand that, and I am so comforted by the fact that I can't. It only proves that some things won't allow themselves to be understood. They aren't for us to know and there's rapture in that, don't you think? Are you happy there, with your eyes glued to the heavens? You know so much, like why the ocean doesn't fall out of the sky, and that there is no upside down. There is no up.
Udai Yadla|When you treat your failures as lessons, you can never fail.
R.v.m.|Today look in the mirror and say 10 positive things about yourself !! Regardless of what other people say about you, your OWN words have more power over the direction of your life than other peoples. Speak positive and know that you are somebody!
Andrew Luck|When I grew up, my father taught us the value of hard work. He wanted us to enjoy ourselves, but he also wanted to know what it took to be successful. He coached a lot of our sports teams growing up. We weren't very good, but we learned about hard work and enjoying life and your teammates.
Patrul Rinpoche, Deity Mantra and Wisdom: Development Stage Meditation in Tibetan Buddhist Tantra|This is, because that is. This is not, because that is not,” the Buddha taught. All the conditions have come together in such a way that we are where we are, and we are what we are. To hold on to feelings of regret is to lose the present moment.
Rabih Alameddine, I, The Divine: A Novel in First Chapters|I wonder whether there is such a thing as a sense of individuality. Is it all a facade, covering a deep need to belong? Are we simply pack animals desperately trying to pretend we are not?
Freeman A. Hrabowski III|I didn't go to university, and so, every time that I work, I'm looking for a teacher in a way. I'm looking for people that I can learn from and to have the chance to work with people that I admire.
Debasish Mridha|Be fresh like a flower, be loving like water.
Auliq-Ice|Focus on what you like and forget about what you don't like, before it drains all your energy.Full equipment on the hands of an empty mind is useless, I prefer a full mind with empty hands.
Sylvia Plath|I don't see what women see in other women," I'd told Doctor Nolan in my interview that noon. "What does a woman see in a woman that she can't see in a man?"Doctor Nolan paused. Then she said, "Tenderness.
Sana Krasikov|From the moment Julian entered the world, Florence had begun to conceive of life as separate from the aspects of its outward circumstances. Over and over, life renewed itself. Over and over, it made itself blind to the death and destruction of the past
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|I pray where I am, sitting by the window, looking out through the curtain at the empty garden. I don't even close my eyes. Out there or inside my head, it's an equal darkness. Or light.My God. Who Art in the Kingdom of Heaven, which is within.I wish you would tell me Your Name, the real one I mean. But You will do as well as anything.I wish I knew what You were up to. But whatever it is, help me to get through it, please. Though maybe it's not our doing: I don't believe for an instant that what's going on out there is what You meant.I have enough daily bread, so I won't waste time on that. It isn't the main problem. The problem is getting it down without choking on it.Now we come to forgiveness. Don't worry about forgiving me right now. There are more important things. For instance: keep the others safe, if they are safe. Don't let them suffer too much. If they have to die, let it be fast. You might even provide a Heaven for them. We need You for that. Hell we can make for ourselves.I suppose I should say I forgive whoever did this, and whatever they're doing now. I'll try, but it isn't easy.Temptation comes next. At the Center, temptation was anything much more than eating and sleeping. Knowing was a temptation. What you don't know won't tempt you, Aunt Lydia used to say.Maybe I don't really want to know what's going on. Maybe I'd rather not know. Maybe I couldn't bear to know. The Fall was a fall from innocence to knowledge.I think about the chandelier too much, though it's gone now. But you could use a hook, in the closet. I've considered the possibilities. All you'd have to do, after attaching yourself, would be to lean your weight forward and not fight.Deliver us from evil.Then there's Kingdom, power, and glory. It takes a lot to believe in those right now. But I'll try it anyway. In Hope, as they say on the gravestones.You must feel pretty ripped off. I guess it's not the first time.If I were You I'd be fed up. I'd really be sick of it. I guess that's the difference between us.I feel very unreal talking to You like this. I fee as if I'm talking to a wall. I wish You'd answer. I feel so alone.All alone by the telephone. Except that I can't use the telephone. And if I could, who could I call?Oh God. It's no joke. Oh God oh God. How can I keep on living.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes|When you have eliminated all which is impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|A 20/20 mindset eradicates any source of fear, doubt, and uncertainty. It produces a balanced life in which you are living your purpose and being fueled with your passion. You are connected directly to the source of greatness. Success is then a graceful gift.
Marcia Willett, A Summer in the Country|You can apply some leverage when your child is feeling energetic, "We can go to the park as soon as these blocks are put away." But when a toddler is tired or hungry, avoid a losing battle. Do it yourself for now. There will be plenty of other opportunities for your child to participate. Don't worry, this is not the last mess!!
Natalie Goldberg, Writing Down the Bones: Freeing the Writer Within|Writers are great lovers. They fall in love with other writers. That's how they learn to write. They take on a writer, read everything by him or her, read it over again until they understand how the writer moves, pauses, and sees. That's what being a lover is: stepping out of yourself, stepping into someone else's skin.
John Grisham, Calico Joe|That's sounds right. Another $5,000 went to dress up the Little League park where he had played so many games. Seems like he paid off the MORTAGE on his parents' home, which wasn't that much.
Nicole  Williams, Clash|See? That’s it,” he said, waving his hand. “That’s part of what makes us so great, Luce. I’m crazy. You’re crazy. Together, we make our own brand of crazy.
M.C. Frank, No Plain Rebel|There was the girl, screaming like an angry bird,When it finds its nest left empt and little ones gone." - Sentry
Avijeet Das|To be a woman is to be a fighter! A woman has to be strong and has to fight every moment of her life - against a society that believes in patriarchy, chauvinism and male privilege!
Sara  Humphreys, Vampire Trouble|She asked, "Is there anything I can do to help?"He buried his nose in her hair, took a deep breath and sighed. "You help just be being here.""Well, that bit is easy," she told him with a smile. "Because I wouldn't be anywhere else.
Abdus Salam|I respect the Japanese and especially like their execution and communication styles. Unlike the Koreans, they will not hit you from behind.
Jalpa Williby, Chaysing Dreams|Let me make it clear. There will be no repeat of that night. Absolutely not! Not ever, do you understand?” "Who are you trying to convince, Tessnia? Me or you?
Wayne Gerard Trotman, Veterans of the Psychic Wars|To try is to invite uncertainty. Where confidence goes, success usually follows.
Nike Thaddeus|Look around you… There! Yes, there!! There's what you need to succeed.
Molly McAdams, Stealing Harper|I don't understand, Jem. I don't understand why you'd leave me. Why would you that?
John Yang aka Private83|Hearts may break, and relationships end, but life goes on. You can't stop life's motion; it's either you let life pass you by or you go with it's motion.
Baruch Spinoza, Theological-Political Treatise|Scriptural doctrine contains not abstruse speculation or philosophic reasoning, but very simple matters able to be understood by the most sluggish mind.
Zechariah Barrett|Do you know what is truly magnificent? One tear, which is falling down from an authentic sensitive person's eye. Down the cheek and adorns the floor.
Michael Fassbender|I just love comic books. I've always loved comic book art, and I just think it's amazing.
Kristen Ashley, Fire Inside|Pansy rolled over and went to sleep, but Petunia stayed awake long after Olga left, and long after Oliver crawled out from under the bed, grabbed some sandwiches, and slipped out the door. She hoped that he was going to Galen and Rose's room, and she hoped, too that he hadn't known she was awake when he had leaned over and kissed her hair. She wanted to savor that touch forever.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|How hard it is to kill hope! Time after time, one thinks one has trodden it down, stamped it to death. Time after time, like a noxious insect, it begins to stir again, it shivers back again into a faint tremulous life. Once more it worms its way into one's heart, to instil its poison, to gnaw away the solid hard foundations of life and leave in their place the hollow phantom of illusion.
J. Kenner, Heated|I’ll give you what you want, Sloane,” he said. “What we both want. But think long and hard before you come to me. There are things that I like. Things that I want and expect from the woman in my bed. And I don’t play by anyone’s rules but my own.
Marianne Williamson|Pretty women wonder where my secret lies.I'm not cute or built to suit a fashion model's sizeBut when I start to tell them,They think I'm telling lies.I say,It's in the reach of my armsThe span of my hips,The stride of my step,The curl of my lips.I'm a womanPhenomenally.Phenomenal woman,That's me.I walk into a roomJust as cool as you please,And to a man,The fellows stand orFall down on their knees.Then they swarm around me,A hive of honey bees.I say,It's the fire in my eyes,And the flash of my teeth,The swing in my waist,And the joy in my feet.I'm a womanPhenomenally.Phenomenal woman,That's me.Men themselves have wonderedWhat they see in me.They try so muchBut they can't touchMy inner mystery.When I try to show themThey say they still can't see.I say,It's in the arch of my back,The sun of my smile,The ride of my breasts,The grace of my style.I'm a womanPhenomenally.Phenomenal woman,That's me.Now you understandJust why my head's not bowed.I don't shout or jump aboutOr have to talk real loud.When you see me passingIt ought to make you proud.I say,It's in the click of my heels,The bend of my hair,the palm of my hand,The need of my care,'Cause I'm a womanPhenomenally.Phenomenal woman,That's me.
Mark W. Boyer|Just because you may be a Genious, does not mean you are Smart.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|Follow your dreams Bailey. Be they Harvard or somehing else entirely. No matter what that father of yours says, or how loudly he might say it. He forgets that he was someone's dream once, himself
Craig D. Lounsbrough|An exceptional future can only be built on the transformation of the mess I’ve made out of my past, not the elimination of that mess.
Erin Kellison, Tempted by Fire|Send the mediator to me when he comes."	"What are you going to do?"	Matthew knew him so well. Thane would handle this the old way. "I'm going to eat him.
Erykah Badu|Emancipate yourself from the impotent mindset of, “It is what it is”. Life does not come labeled; it is what you make it.
Roel van Sleeuwen|Life is a game, you live so you play. Follow your dreams and win what your happy heart desires.
Donald Trump|In your pursuit of your passions, always be young. In your relationship with others, always be grown-up. Set a standard, and stay faithful to it.
Vladimir Nabokov, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|Our lives, as short as they may be, are a test. And one of the biggest tests we can endure is how we respond to those moments when we don’t feel the presence of God in our lives. I believe deeply that one of God’s greatest gifts is to teach us there is a purpose behind every single one of our trials or problems.Treat them as a gift, an opportunity to move forward and draw closer to God. Problems often times compel us to look to God and count on him, rather than ourselves.
Graydon Carter|In less than a year, the Bush administration will strut out of office, leaving the country in roughly the same condition a toddler leaves a diaper.
Linda Hogan, Intimate Nature: The Bond Between Women and Animals|What finally turned me back toward the older traditions of my own [Chickasaw] and other Native peoples was the inhumanity of the Western world, the places--both inside and out--where the culture's knowledge and language don't go, and the despair, even desperation, it has spawned. We live, I see now, by different stories, the Western mind and the indigenous. In the older, more mature cultures where people still live within the kinship circles of animals and human beings there is a connection with animals, not only as food, but as 'powers,' a word which can be taken to mean states of being, gifts, or capabilities.I've found, too, that the ancient intellectual traditions are not merely about belief, as some would say. Belief is not a strong enough word. They are more than that: They are part of lived experience, the on-going experience of people rooted in centuries-old knowledge that is held deep and strong, knowledge about the natural laws of Earth, from the beginning of creation, and the magnificent terrestrial intelligence still at work, an intelligence now newly called ecology by the Western science that tells us what our oldest tribal stories maintain--the human animal is a relatively new creation here; animal and plant presences were here before us; and we are truly the younger sisters and brothers of the other animal species, not quite as well developed as we thought we were. It is through our relationships with animals and plants that we maintain a way of living, a cultural ethics shaped from an ancient understanding of the world, and this is remembered in stories that are the deepest reflections of our shared lives on 
Wayne Dyer|When you have seen one ant, one bird, one tree, you have not seen them all.
Abraham Joshua Heschel|There are no two hours alike. Every hour is unique and the only one given at the moment, exclusive and endlessly precious. Judaism teaches us to be attached to holiness in time; to learn how to consecrate sanctuaries that emerge from the magnificent stream of a year.
Ethan Hawke, Rules for a Knight|Hark, villains! I will grind your bones to dust. (Act V, Scene 2, 2503)
Debasish Mridha|Peace is simple, but it takes great courage to be simple and walk the path of peace.
Immanuel Kant, Critique of Pure Reason|All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
Mike Klepper|You've been taught to "render unto Caesar that which is Caesar's". Unlearn that lesson. Free men would not permit Caesar to exist.
Jasper Fforde, The Well of Lost Plots|God knows I tried my best to learn the ways of this world, even had inklings we could be glorious; but after all that's happened, the inkles ain't easy anymore. I mean - what kind of fucken life is this?
Rachel Caine, Glass Houses|Strike was becoming steadily more taciturn, his expression brooding. Robin wondered whether this was because he was hungry—he was a man who needed regular sustenance to maintain an equable mood—or for some darker reason.
Billy Graham|My mother was a very positive thinker; she was always active, always doing something good.
Ari Berk & Carolyn Dunn, Coyote Speaks: Wonders of the Native American World|When Mother had told me that animals found quiet, unexposed places to die, I had always imagined they knew they were dying, and accepted it, almost gratefully. Now I saw that this wasn't so at all: they crept into corners in the hope of surviving, they only knew they were weakened and exposed, easy prey, and their instinct was to find a hidden place and try to outlive whatever it was they were suffering. It had been a mistake to imagine they wanted to be alone, to die in peace. Animals have no knowledge of death: for them, death is the unexpected end of life, something they resist by instinct, for no good reason. In that sense their existence has an almost mechanical quality.
John O'Keefe|I've always resented the force of attraction that traps me here on Planet Earth. It makes me feel like a bug stuck to a piece of duct tape. Ever since my teenage years, when I used to read a lot of science fiction and took it much too seriously, I've dreamed of somehow reaching escape velocity. I am, you might say, anti-gravity.
Jason Statham|Every actor has a strength, and sometimes you just respond to things that you see yourself better at. I'm aware of what I can and can't do.
Alfred North Whitehead|To be perfectly just is an attribute of the divine nature; to be so to the utmost of our abilities, is the glory of man.
Anne Cassidy, Looking for JJ|She should have died on that day. Perhaps, in a way, she had.
Marvin Minsky|The most valuable wealth of a man is his knowledge, which cannot be destroyed; all other riches that he has gained are not considered to be wealth at all.
Juan Manuel Rendón González|It is so hard for a queer person to become an adult. Deprived of the markers of life's passage, they lolled about in a neverland dreamworld. They didn't get married. They didn't have children. They didn't buy homes or have job-jobs. The best that could be aimed for was an academic placement and a lover who eventually tired of pansexual sport-fucking and settled down with you to raise a rescue animal in a rent-controlled apartment.
T.S. Eliot|If time and space, as sages say,Are things which cannot be,The sun which does not feel decayNo greater is than we.So why, Love, should we ever prayTo live a century?The butterfly that lives a dayHas lived eternity.
Amit Kalantri|A doctor, a teacher and a politician have no caste.
Rosa Livingstone, Self-Sabotage: The Art of Screwing Up: Understanding the How, Where, When, and Why We All Do It!|I always dream of it: that something will open my eyes, and open everything inside me as well.
Sebastian Thrun|Only a well-rounded intellect, a spirit nourished in the eternal sources of intelligence and culture, of justice and wisdom, is a safeguard against both indifference and skepticism.
Whoopi Goldberg|Food, like your money, should be working for you!
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|The more desperate the situation, the more opportunity for miracle. If you need something from God, you need to be at the right place, the right position and at the right time
Soraya Diase Coffelt|There is no better time than now to rededicate yourself to the principles taught by Jesus, and to teach your children about Him too!
Pawan Mishra|Tonight is going to be a big night, like any other night, because certain 10 million Americans will not be able to sleep well tonight.
Glenda Millard, A Small Free Kiss in the Dark|Keep memories of insult on a short leash, and memories of blessing on a long one.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you find you are traveling on wrong road, turn to the right direction.
Debasish Mridha|As the sun has endless lights, endless power, endless warmth, so do you also have endless love with endless power and, even better, your power of love and capacity to give grows by giving.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Fear can only grow in darkness. Once you face fear with light, you win.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|When you start doing the impossible, you make it possible
Horacio Jones|Instead of saying, "I'm damaged, I'm broken, I have trust issues" say "I'm healing, I'm rediscovering myself, I'm starting over.
Henry David Thoreau, Walking|I rejoice that horses and steers have to be broken before they can be made the slaves of men, and that men themselves have some wild oats still left to sow before they become submissive members of society.
Terry Spear, SEAL Wolf Hunting|He set Lori on the bed. "You were the only wolf that chased my tail around, trying to grab hold. No other cub would dare.
Alysia Reiner|In family relationships, 'love' is really spelled 't-i-m-e,' time. Taking time for each other is the key for harmony at home.
Kira Asatryan, Stop Being Lonely: Three Simple Steps to Developing Close Friendships and Deep Relationships|But if that was going to happen, it was going to happen whether or not he worried about it.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Man cannot commit a sin so great as to exhaust the infinite love of God. Can there be a sin which could exceed the love of God? Think only of repentance, continual repentance, but dismiss fear altogether. Believe that God loves you as you cannot conceive; that He loves you with your sin, in your sin. It has been said of old that over one repentant sinner there is more joy in heaven than over ten righteous men. Go, and fear not. Be not bitter against men. Be not angry if you are wronged. Forgive the dead man in your heart what wrong he did you. Be reconciled with him in truth. If you are penitent, you love. And if you love you are of God. All things are atoned for, all things are saved by love. If I, a sinner, even as you are, am tender with you and have pity on you, how much more will God. Love is such a priceless treasure that you can redeem the whole world by it, and expiate not only your own sins but the sins of others.
Bryan Magee, The Philosophy of Schopenhauer|It follows from Schopenhauer’s analysis that evert genuine work of art must have its origin in direct perception; that is to say it does not originate in concepts, and concepts are not what it communicates. This is what more than anything else differentiates good art from bad, or more accurately authentic from inauthentic art. The latter often originates in a desire on the part of the artist to meet some demand external to himself – to win approval, say, or be in the fashion, or supply a market – or else to put over a message of some sort. Such an artist starts by trying to thin what it would be a good idea to do – in other words, the starting point of the process for him is something that exists in terms of concepts. The inevitable result is dead art, of whatever kind, whether imitative, academic, commercial, didactic or fashion-conscious. It may be successful in its day because it meets the demands of its day, but once that day is over it has no inner life of its own with which to outlive it.
Irving Stone, The Agony and the Ecstasy|It is in your own power to maintain the beauty of your soul, or to be a decent human being.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, Collected Poems|I know I am but summer to your heart,And not the full four seasons of the year;And you must welcome from another partSuch noble moods as are not mine, my dear.No gracious weight of golden fruits to sellHave I, nor any wise and wintry thing;And I have loved you all too long and wellTo carry still the high sweet breast of Spring.Wherefore I say: O love, as summer goes,I must be gone, steal forth with silent drums, That you may hail anew the bird and roseWhen I come back to you, as summer comes.Else will you seek, at some not distant time, Even your summer in another clime.
Robert Hughes, The Shock of the New|It seems obvious, looking back, that the artists of Weimar Germany and Leninist Russia lived in a much more attenuated landscape of media than ours, and their reward was that they could still believe, in good faith and without bombast, that art could morally influence the world. Today, the idea has largely been dismissed, as it must in a mass media society where art's principal social role is to be investment capital, or, in the simplest way, bullion. We still have political art, but we have no effective political art. An artist must be famous to be heard, but as he acquires fame, so his work accumulates 'value' and becomes, ipso-facto, harmless. As far as today's politics is concerned, most art aspires to the condition of Muzak. It provides the background hum for power.
Carroll Bryant, Children of the Flower Power|If they're not going to respect you, then they best damn well fear you.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|It takes more energy to be negative than positive for negativity is a burden." HS/el
Luther Burbank, The Harvest Of The Years|The clear light of science teaches us that we must be our own saviors, if we are to be found worth saving.
Sherman Austin|They went back there, looked at all the computers, asked me to come in and tell them what all the computers were for specifically so they knew how to dismantle the network I had been running.
Eric Schneiderman|I have long been one of those tedious people who rails against the coronation of 'student-athletes.' I have heard the argument that big-time athletics bring in loads of money to universities. I don't believe the money goes anywhere other than back into the sports teams, but that's another story.
Rosamund Lupton, Sister|I remembered back to leo's burial and holding your hand. I was eleven and you were six, your hand soft and small in mine. As the vicar said 'in sure and certain hope of the resurrection of eternal life' you turned to me, 'I don't want sure and certain hope I want sure and certain Bee.
Jimmy Fallon|I guess when I think about it, one of the things I like to dramatise, and what is sometimes funny, is someone coming unglued. I don't consider myself someone who is making the argument that I support these choices. I just think it can be funny.
Julieanne O'Conner|Creative solutions come at drastic times, if you open your mind to the possibilities. Free yourself to take a chance!
John Adams|In most people's vocabularies, design means veneer. It's interior decorating. It's the fabric of the curtains and the sofa. But to me, nothing could be further from the meaning of design.
Anonymous, The Bhagavad Gita|The peace of God is with them whose mind and soul are in harmony, who are free from desire and wrath, who know their own soul.
Dominic Riccitello|I smell him in intervals, in varieties, in ways I don’t quite understand.
G.A. Aiken, Light My Fire|She felt something missing in her soul. It wasn't until she landed in Edinburgh that she realized that missing piece was the wild, mystical land.
Robin McKinley, Sunshine|Can you trust me, he said. Not will you. Can you.Can I trust him?What do I have to lose?
Alin Sav|If we open our mind, doors will open without keys.
T.E.D. Klein, The Ceremonies|And the non-reading of books, you will object, should be characteristic of all collectors? This is news to me, you may say. It is not news at all. experts will bear me out when I say that it is the oldest thing in the world. Suffice it to quote the answer which Anatole France gave to a philistine who admired his library and then finished with the standard question, “And you have read all these books, Monsieur France?” “Not one-tenth of them. I don’t suppose you use your Sevres china every day?
Maureen Corrigan, So We Read On: How The Great Gatsby Came to Be and Why It Endures|To say that a great genius is mad, while at the same time recognizing his artistic merit, is no better than to say he is rheumatic or diabetic.
Mehmet Murat ildan|People ask what will happen if Mars One fails. There will be Mars Two, Mars Three, there will be Gliese 581 One, Proxima Centauri b One etc. If a project opens the path for other projects, it means that it has already triumphed!
Shelley Hendrix, Why Can't We Just Get Along?: 6 Effective Skills for Dealing with Difficult People|The truth was always the truth, but until I knew the truth for myself, I couldn't be free.
Miklós Bánffy|...if one is to confer successfully with foreigners, it is essential to know their ways of thinking and be able to put oneself in their place.
Samantha Chase, One More Kiss|Trust me. I know what I want, and it’s right in front of me.”	Her eyes went wide as she softly gasped.	And then he pressed against her fully and kissed her.
Dada Bhagwan|Do you have to regret spending money when you earn money? And when it is time to spend, you should be strong that you got the opportunity to pay off your debt. Income is one’s responsibility and expense is the means to clear off the responsibility.
Jill Shalvis, It's in His Kiss|You stole my heart the day we met, and I've never asked for it back.
Herbert Croly|The Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, the Civil War - when I really think about them, they all seem about as likely as the parting of the Red Sea.
Miranda Kerr|Unfortunately, in today's world we have to be reminded that the power of an oath derives from the fact that in it we ask God to bear witness to the promises we make with the implicit expectation that He will hold us accountable for the manner in which we honor them.
Kathleen A. Kendall-Tackett|Burnout can be defined as a loss of enthusiasm, energy, idealism, perspective, and purpose; it has been described as trying to run a marathon at full speed. It's often the mothers who care the most who are the most prone to burnout.
Sandra Bullock|I'm simply the mom who makes the lunch, drives to school, finds where the toys are, washes the clothes, and I'm here to play. And that's all I should be.
Nikki Rowe|its odd to be a writer, you hear someone's experience and you stash it away in some tiny part of your memory and you go on your way again, only to find; in a few lived through chapters of your story a piece of their puzzle became your pathway to hope and you create words from it, like your mind creates some kind of magic. 'Yeah, it's odd being a writer.
Vladimir Nabokov|My loathings are simple. stupidity, oppression, crime, cruelty, soft music.
James Kelman|Ninety-nine per cent of traditional English literature concerns people who never have to worry about money at all. We always seem to be watching or reading about emotional crises among folk who live in a world of great fortune both in matters of luck and money; stories and fantasies about rock stars and film stars, sporting millionaires and models; jet-setting members of the aristocracy and international financiers.
James Gray|The first thing many tourists see in Hawaii is concrete - a long dreary stretch of it through landscapes dominated by sad, cheap apartment buildings and almost entirely denuded of plant life.
Nicolas Cage|When I first started writing for television in the seventies and eighties, the Internet didn't exist, and we didn't need to worry about foreign websites illegally distributing the latest TV shows and blockbuster movies online.
Eula Biss, Notes from No Man's Land: American Essays|One of the paradoxes of our time is that the War on Terror has served mainly to reinforce a collective belief that maintaining the right amount of fear and suspicion will earn one safety. Fear is promoted by the government as a kind of policy. Fear is accepted, even among the best-educated people in this country, even among the professors with whom I work, as a kind of intelligence. And inspiring fear in others is often seen as neighborly and kindly, instead of being regarded as what my cousin recognized it for - a violence.
Richard K. Morgan, The Steel Remains|Potential, and the will to deploy it. That's all magic is in the end, you know.
Audrey Hepburn|Most of us have fond memories of food from our childhood. Whether it was our mom's homemade lasagna or a memorable chocolate birthday cake, food has a way of transporting us back to the past.
Heidi Cullinan, Lonely Hearts|You love Roth," he continued for me."You're in love with him." My eyes met his bright blue ones."Yes," I whispered, my lower lip trembling."It's him. It's always been him.
Rob Zombie|So at a time in which the media give the public everything it wants and desires, maybe art should adopt a much more aggressive attitude towards the public. I myself am very much inclined to take this position.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Burns|You can escape completely, seeking an alternative life, or you can play the game and go absent without leave. How you do it is up to you.
Tamara Stamenkovic|Nismo odustali, samo smo nastavili dalje.Toksicne veze nisu vredne spasavanja.
Ai Yazawa|But lest some unlucky event should happen unfavorable to my reputation, I beg it may be remembered by every gentleman in the room that I this day declare with the utmost sincerity, I do not think myself equal to the command I am honored with.
Debasish Mridha|Through writing, an author opens the window of his heart through which a reader can see the inner self of the author.
Leigh-Allyn Baker|I think it's important not to grow up too fast. I'm 26 now, and I still can't wait for Christmas Day. The inner seven-year-old isn't buried too deeply in me.
Kathey Gray, He Loves Me...|You ever play that game seven minutes in heaven, baby? Because we're about to play it.
Kay Honeyman, The Fire Horse Girl|Experience was something it was difficult to avoid, though many people had managed to keep it to a minimum.
Margaret Harriman|I before E except after C. Weird?By rebelling against the rules the word itself denotes its very meaning: of strange or extraordinary character, odd, fantastic.I think all writers are weird.
Lara Adrian, Deeper Than Midnight|I never knew what it was to crave a woman’s touch. Or to hunger for a woman’s kiss.” “And now you do?” she asked hesitantly.“Since I met you, Corinne Bishop, I’ve been thinking of little else.
Munia Khan|Souls are flowers, only God has the right to pluck them. But those who commit suicide: their souls are the rotten blossoms of devil's garden.
Anne Fadiman, Rereadings: Seventeen writers revisit books they love|...the reader who plucks a book from her shelf only once is as deprived as the listener who, after attending a single performance of a Beethoven symphony, never hears it again.
J.D. Salinger|I’ll read my books and I’ll drink coffee and I’ll listen to music, and I’ll bolt the 
Lorraine Reguly|Dare to think the unimaginable, imagine the unthinkable, dream of that which will never happen, yet continue to aspire and to test the limits of your very being and those around you.
T.J. Klune, Burn|He snuffles. Oh, no.He's not going to cry, is he? Because even though it's sweet when guys cry, I am so not prepared for this.Girl scouts didn't teach me what to do with emotionally unstable drunk boys.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|In the chain of events, it is arbitrary to be sentimental about the passing of any one link.
Deyth Banger|«Zaki never grew tired of looking at the whiteness of Roar’s hair. It was as if the moon and the stars had taken root in it. And perhaps they had, so long ago when Roar travelled amongst them in his space shuttle.»From "The Stars Seem So Far Away
Tony Porter|Inside the (Domestic) Sphere women did things which weren't too demanding like childcare, scrubbing the floor, washing the sheets and curtains, sewing on buttons, and coalmining.
Liza Minnelli|I think being a parent is knowing how to love. Sometimes love is discipline, sometimes it's humor, sometimes it's listening.
J. Sarraf|When the sun and the moon will be identically seen together,When the wind and the water will meet in alliance,When the stars will shine as bright as your emotions, You will find her holding your hands and taking you towards the eternal love of the miraculous world.
James Mattis|It was at the beginning of 1934 while working on the emission of these positive electrons that we noticed a fundamental difference between that transmutation and all the others so far produced; all the reactions of nuclear chemistry induced were instantaneous phenomena, explosions.
Ron Paul, Liberty Defined: 50 Essential Issues That Affect Our Freedom|Ideas are very important for the shaping of society. In fact, they are far more powerful than bombs or armies or guns. And this is because ideas are capable of spreading without limit. They are behind all the choices we make. They can transform the world in a way that governments and armies cannot. Fighting for liberty with ideas makes much more sense to me than fighting with guns or politics or political power. With ideas, we can make real change that lasts.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Born distinct from each other, the invisible magical thread destined by fate. The thread may stretch or tangle but never break, as your presence will make the bond stronger between US.
Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World|People are, generally speaking, either dead certain or totally indifferent (Both types are crawling around deep down in the rabbit's fur!)
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You must realize that whenever you waste a second you are wasting life. If you waste a minute, you have wasted life and if you waste an hour, you have wasted life.
Cameron Awkward-Rich, Transit|The idea of a character dichotomy between women and men has been overwhelmingly, decisively, refuted. The broad psychological similarity of men and women as groups can be regarded, on the volume of evidence supporting it, as one of the best-established generalizations in all the human sciences.
Helmut Schmidt|In any relationship, there's gonna be conflict.
John Bellairs, The Face in the Frost|When he had brushed a thin coat of dust off the pebbled leather cover of one volume, he saw the words: Register of All Wizards and Warlocks of the South Kingdom and of the North Kingdom from the Beginning of the World to the Present Time.
Daniel Willey|No matter how hard we try, we can never understand everything that another person has gone through or why they might believe a certain way. It is possible for something to be right for you and something completely opposite be right for someone else.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If Christians read Holy Scripture, they will grow in the Knowledge of Christ. And be filled with the grace of God.
J.E.B. Spredemann, Amish by Accident|After four days of flight, she had found a hiding place...
Rhys Bowen, Royal Blood|Is the princess still in the fitting room?""Oh no, darling. She appeared about half an hour ago. Poured herself a black coffee, and looked longingly at the cakes. That child is starving herself if you ask me. Now she's definitely too thin. European men do like a woman to have a little meat on her bones.""And Prince Nicolas, have you seen him recently?""I haven't seen him since lunch. I gather he and Antone went out to shoot. And I expect Max went with them. They're only happy when they're shooting something. Apart from sex of course." "Mother!" I gave her a warning frown. My mother glanced around at the other women, who were tucking into their tort with abandon. "They won't understand. Their English is hopeless, darling. Besides, it is about time you are acquainted with the facts of life. I've hopelessly neglected my duty in that area. Men only have two thoughts in their heads. And those are killing or copulating.""I'm sure there are plenty of men with finer feelings who are interested in art and culture.""Yes, darling. Of course there are. They are called ferries. And they are quite adorable. So witty and fun to be with. But in my long and varied life I've found that the ones who are witty to be with are no use in bed. And vice versa.
Earl Denman, Alone to Everest|I grew up with an ambition and determination without which I would have been a good deal happier. I thought a lot and developed the faraway look of a dreamer, for it was always the distant heights that fascinated me and drew me to them in spirit. I was not sure what could be accomplished with tenacity and little else, but the target was set high and each rebuff only saw me more determined to see at least one major dream to its fulfillment.
Sally Ride|If I can get some student interested in science, if I can show members of the general public what's going on up there in the space program, then my job's been done.
George Lucas|Always remember, your focus determines your reality.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|We think that hating is a weapon that attacks the person who harmed us. But hatred is a curved blade. And the harm we do, we do to ourselves.
Ephraim Mirvis|I learned early on that 'rabbi' means teacher, not priest.
John O'Callaghan|Let us see what words can do. Will you understand me, for a start, if I tell you that I have never known what I am? My vices, my virtues, are under my nose, but I can’t see them, nor stand far enough back to view myself as a whole. I seem to be a sort of flabby mass in which words are engulfed; no sooner do I name myself than what is named is merged in him who names, and one gets no farther. I have often wanted to hate myself and, as you know, had good reasons for so doing. But my attempted hatred of myself was absorbed into my insubstantiality and was nothing but a recollection. I could not love myself either, I am sure, though I have never tried to. But I was eternally compelled to be myself; I was my own burden, but never burdensome enough, Mathieu. For one instant, on that June evening when I elected to confess to you, I thought I had encountered myself in your bewildered eyes.You saw me, in your eyes I was solid and predictable; my acts and moods were the actual consequences of a definite entity. And through me you knew that entity. I described it to you in my words, I revealed to you facts unknown to you, which had helped you to visualize it. And yet you saw it, I merely saw you seeing it. For one instant you were the heaven-sent mediator between me and myself, you perceived that compact and solid entity which I was and wanted to be in just as simple and ordinary a way as I perceived you. For, after all, I exist, I am, though I have no sense of being; and it is an exquisite torment to discover in oneself such utterly unfounded certainty, such unsubstantiated pride. I then understood that one could not reach oneself except through another’s judgment, another’s hatred. And also through another’s love perhaps; but there is here no question of that. For this revelation I am not ungrateful to you. I do not know how you would describe our present relations. Not goodwill, nor wholly hatred. Put it that there is a corpse between us. My corpse.
David Slade|Bella Swan: Jasper? Are you sure there's nothing I can do to help? Jasper Hale: Well just your presence alone, your scent, will distract the newborns. Their hunting instinct will take over, and drive 'em crazy. Bella Swan: Good, I'm glad. [Jasper nods and begins to walk away] Bella Swan: . Bella Swan: Hey, [Jasper turns around] Bella Swan: how do you know so much about this? Jasper Hale: I didn't have quite the same upbringing as my adopted siblings. [Rolls up sleeves and shows Bella his arms, which have bite marks on them] Jasper Hale: . Bella Swan: [Hops off Jeep] Those bites are like mine. Jasper Hale: Battle scars [smiles] Jasper Hale: . All the training the Confederate Army gave me was useless against the newborns, but still, I never lost a fight. Bella Swan: Hey, this - this happened during the Civil War? Jasper Hale: I was the youngest major in the Texas Calvary, all without having seen any real battle. Bella Swan: Until...? Jasper Hale: Till I met a certain immortal... Maria
Gregory Stock|In most schools, we measure children on what they know. By and large, they have to memorize the content of whatever test is coming up. Because measuring the results of rote learning is easy, rote prevails. What kids know is just not important in comparison with whether they can think.
Paul Johnson, Modern Times|The anarchist, as the born foe of authority, will be destroyed by it after damaging it more or less. The anarch, on the other hand, has appropriated authority; he is sovereign. He therefore behaves as a neutral power vis-à-vis state and society. He may like, dislike, or be indifferent to whatever occurs in them. That is what determines his conduct; he invests no emotional values.
Charles Dickens, Hard Times|He had been for many years, a quiet silent man, associating but little with other men, and used to companionship with his own thoughts. He had never known before the strength of the want in his heart for the frequent recognition of a nod, a look, a word; or the immense amount of relief that had been poured into it by drops through such small means.
Imants Ziedonis, Epifānijas|Šausmīgi daudz taisnību. Nojukt var, ja nav savējās.
Scott Wrobel|Nothing takes God by surprise, not even cancer.
Oksana Rus|For me, a hearty laugh is one of the most beautiful sounds in the world. It's a way of life!
David Berman|I traced the cord back to the wall, no wonder it was never plugged in at all.
Blake Western, There's No One Like Jesus|Human language falls short of expressing all that He is, even as a thimble lacks capacity to hold Niagara Falls.
Saint Bernard|In the Lord's Prayer, the first petition is for daily bread. No one can worship God or love his neighbor on an empty stomach.
Debasish Mridha|Scars are the medals of success, not the glitters or the gold.
Scott Farris, Kennedy and Reagan: Why Their Legacies Endure|Foreshadowing: Was my challenging Allah to unleash the full weight of his fury upon us, with dark clouds looming in the distance.
Joe Caulfield I think|If you take a book into your hands, be it 'God's book, or any other useful good book,' rely on God to make it profitable to you. Do not waste time reading unprofitable books. When you read, do so not out of vain curiosity but with love for God's kingdom, compassion for human beings, and the intent to turn what you learn into prayers and praises.
F.X. Toole|It’s not something he can do anything about, being a bleeder, anymore than a guy with a glass jaw can do something about not having whiskers.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|Whenever there is a break up, it's usually not the fault of just one party. Both are usually at fault
Charles Kendall Adams|I have an idea of who I want to be, I have a vision of my own success.
Wendy Blight, Hidden Joy in a Dark Corner: The Transforming Power of God's Story|God alone knows exactly what you and I must endure in order to form His character in us. It is in our trials that God refines us and removes our impurities. Like refined gold, when we pass through our trials, people will see His perfect reflection in us.
Erma Bombeck|Laughter rises out of tragedy when you need it the most, and rewards you for your courage.
Henry Rollins|By the time you've reached your sixties, you do know that one day you will die, and knowing that is at least the beginning of wisdom.
Diane Chamberlain, Conduct Unbecoming: Rape, Torture, and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder from Military Commanders|Sexuality and anger are often written with the same note, but never on the same line, because they don’t make music together.
Diana Wynne Jones, The Tough Guide to Fantasyland|Small Man can be a very funny or a very tiresome Tour Companion, depending on how this kind of thing grabs you. He gambles, he drinks too much and he always runs away. Since the Rules allow him to make Jokes, he will excuse his behaviour in a variety of comical ways. Physically he is stunted and not at all handsome, although he usually dresses flamboyantly. He tends to wear hats with feathers in. You will discover he is very vain. But, if you can avoid smacking him, you will come to tolerate if not love him. He will contrive, in some cowardly way, to play a major part in saving the world.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Dear Scott, Dearest Zelda: The Love Letters of F. Scott and Zelda Fitzgerald|I love her, and that's the beginning and end of everything.
Murray N. Rothbard|When libertarian sentiments take a populist form, it looks like this: a mix of anger, fear, anti-intellectualism, and fierce government hostility. Welcome to the Tea Party movement.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|The tallest slugger touched my forehead, and I ignited like a sparkler on the Fourth of July. Shards of dazzling light rippled under my skin. I was the constellation Grus. The Trifid Nebula. I was the Big Bang, expanding endlessly through time and space forever."I thought I was dying. That I was going to expire on a cold slab, trapped inside an UFO, my body filled with every light that had ever existed. I couldn't imagine a better way to die.
Arthur P. Ciaramicoli, The Stress Solution: Using Empathy and Cognitive Behavioral Therapy to Reduce Anxiety and Develop Resilience|We learn to become more empathic when we slow down, become present, and are fully committed to understanding another person’s uniqueness.
Fedor Emelianenko|Entrepreneurs persevere until it pays off. One good day can make up for an entire month, and one good month can make up for an entire year. Don't give up. The isn't over 'till it's over!
Douglas Adams|If you try and take a cat apart to see how it works, the first thing you have on your hands is a non-working cat.
Laurence Cossé, A Novel Bookstore|She tries to maintain a nondescript exterior; she learns the sideways glance instead of looking at people directly. She speaks in practised, precise sentences so that she is not misunderstood. She chooses her words carefully, and if someone addresses her in Punjabi, she answers in Urdu, because an exchange in her mother tongue might be considered a promise of intimacy. She uses English for medical terms only, because she feels if she uses a word of English in her conversation she might be considered a bit forward. When she walks she walks with slightly hurried steps, as if she has an important but innocent appointment to keep. She avoids eye contact, she looks slightly over people’s heads as if looking out for somebody who might come into view at any moment. She doesn’t want anyone to think that she is alone and nobody is coming for her. She sidesteps even when she sees a boy half her age walking towards her, she walks around little puddles when she can easily leap over them; she thinks any act that involves stretching her legs might send the wrong signal. After all, this is not the kind of thing where you can leave your actions to subjective interpretations. She never eats in public. Putting something in your mouth is surely an invitation for someone to shove something horrible down your throat. If you show your hunger, you are obviously asking for something.
Michael Flynn, Eifelheim|The body's ills are the least of ills, for they end only in death, which is but a little thing. But if the spirit dies, then all is lost.
Elodie Clouvel|If I had to pick my greatest strength as a football coach, I say it would be innovation.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|I think writers, by nature, are more observers instead of participators.
Matt Perman, What's Best Next: How the Gospel Transforms the Way You Get Things Done|The curse of the fall didn't affect only manual work, as we often seem to think. Excessive ambiguity that prevent us from figuring out how to navigate is really a form of confusion. Overload is one of the forms that frustration takes. The inordinate challenges we face in knowledge work can be traced to the fall just as much as the challenges in manual work. Send it especially lies behind the villain of lack of fulfillment. The reason we lack fulfillment is because we aren't fulfilling our true purpose, that is because we have sinned and deviated from God's path.
Halldór Laxness, Salka Valka|Life in Oseyri was lived in fish and consisted of fish, and human beings were a sort of abortion which Our Lord had made out of cooked fish and perhaps a handful of rotten potatoes and a drop of oatmeal gruel.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you really desire greatness, you should make up your mind to be a hard worker.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To go where no man has gone before, follow the steps of Jesus.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|You can take the entire world of physics with all of its macrocosm and microcosm, its quantum mechanics and nuclear physics and reduce it to one word: energy. It's all energy. Scientists say that if you can't measure it, weight it, or see it, it doesn't exist. Well, no one has ever seen energy. We can see its effects, but not "it.
William Shakespeare|A southwest blow on ye and blister you all o'er!''The red plague rid you!''Toads, beetles, bats, light on you!''As wicked dew as e'er my mother brushed with raven's feather from unwholesome fen drop on you.''Strange stuff''Thou jesting monkey thou''Apes with foreheads villainous low''Pied ninny''Blind mole...' -The Caliban Curses
Alain de Botton, A Week at the Airport: A Heathrow Diary|Even if our loved ones have assured us that they will be busy at work, even if they told us they hated us for going traveling in the first place, even if they left us last June or died twelve and a half years ago, it is impossible not to experience a shiver of a sense that they may have come along anyway, just to surprise us and make us feel special (as someone must have done for us when we were small, if only occasionally, or we would never had the strength to make it this far).
Walter de la Mare, The Return|The really valuable thing in the pageant of human life seems to me not the political state, but the creative, sentient individual, the personality; it alone creates the noble and the sublime, while the herd as such remains dull in thought and dull in feeling.
Millard Fillmore|The grace of God is dangerous. It's lavish, excessive, outrageous, and scandalous. God's grace is ridiculously inclusive. Apparently God doesn't care who He loves. He is not very careful about the people He calls His friends or the people He calls His Church.
Ursula K. Le Guin|Nobody who says, ‘I told you so’ has ever been, or will ever be, a hero.
Ruth Ahmed, When Ali Met Honour|Looking at Sam was fine but it was the tasting I enjoyed most. Like the dew that watered fresh blossoms, Sam’s lips moved and left their mark against my heated skin. His scent of body wash and manliness– too inviting– left a delicious taste behind leaving me to desire the more I know I’ll never get.
J.M. Darhower, Sempre|I'm not that bad,” he said. “I'm rich, popular. I have a sense of humor. I'm good looking, and not to mention I have a really big—
Mark Kennedy|Women are women, and hurray for that.
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|I believe Western culture -- rule of law, universal suffrage, etc. -- is preferable to Arab culture: that's why there are millions of Muslims in Scandinavia, and four Scandinavians in Syria. Follow the traffic. I support immigration, but with assimilation.
Gary L. Francione|We should never present flesh as somehow morally distinguishable from dairy. To the extent it is morally wrong to eat flesh, it is as morally wrong — and possibly more morally wrong — to consume dairy
Anton Strout|Sorry," I said. There was little healing power in the word, but maybe the Inspectre wasn't looking to heal. Maybe he didn't want someone to fix it. It had been broken too long for me to think anything I said would actually help. It was like trying to put a Band-Aid on a shark bite. Sometimes people just needed to vent and get it out of their system.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|It is always a mistake to underestimate how long it takes for mankind to understand the traumas it has suffered, especially the self-inflicted ones.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|Where the spirit does not work with the hand, there is no art.
Oliver Markus Malloy, Bad Choices Make Good Stories - Going to New York|In Germany, people will agree in theory that prostitution should be legal, but they usually won't admit that they themselves have ever gone to a prostitute: "Yeah, it should be legal, and I have no problem with it, but I would never go to one. I'm above that." Then they secretly go to one anyway. On the down low. They won't admit it in polite company, because they don't want to look trashy.
Thomas Szasz|When you feel yourself to be in critical condition, you must treat yourself as gently as you would a sick friend.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Haters can never rejoice especially when their enemy wins. The moment you can’t be happy when someone wins, watch yourself. That habit is not good for you.
Erik Pevernagie|When questioning ourselves, we must identify, where we are heading to. Do we prefer our life to remain untitled. Will we stand bare and naked without dressing any expectations or do we decide to interact with the world around. Will we play a part on the stage of life or do we choose to remain simply a chapter without heading, an episode without caption, an untitled interval. ("Life untitled" )
Ali Sparkes, Frozen in Time|Good plan," Freddy was saying. "Let's get some decent sleep. Tomorrow we can shake our gravy asses into town and do some sluething.
George Carlin|I don't know how you feel, but I'm pretty sick of church people. You know what they ought to do with churches? Tax them. If holy people are so interested in politics, government, and public policy, let them pay the price of admission like everybody else. The Catholic Church alone could wipe out the national debt if all you did was tax their real estate.
Jess "Chief" Brynjulson, Highway Writings|Fear isn't what it appears to be,it's a motivation that sets us free,keep scratching, chewing and kicking me,waiting for that moment in time to flee,when it erupts in disbelief,when it's exposed and we let it be,without its hold it has no meaning.
Raquel Cook|And if life be, as it surely is, a problem to me, I am no less a problem to life.
Kelly Osbourne|Even after you win the championship, the work doesn't stop; it probably only becomes more. I'm just basically focused on what I need to do. There's a lot that goes into this - diet, preparation, assembling the right people around you, sparring partners, coaches, etc. - so I'm not enjoying anything.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|With the power of God, we can scale any wall.
Larsen Bowker|how can the world in all its chaos come up with so many coincidences, so many similarities and exact opposites?
David Jeremiah|If you have put your faith in Christ and have spent significant time in the Word of God, the tough times can be like a magnet that draws you to the Lord Jesus. Nothing is going to happen - ever - that will catch Jesus Christ by surprise. He is able to help His children work through anything, and not a single thing is going to happen in the future that can change that fact.
Sarah Addison Allen, Garden Spells|She looked like autumn, when leaves turned and fruit ripened.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|There are two things you should know about the poor: they tend to smell, and they are ungrateful.
Ralph Moody|Always remember, Son, the best boss is the one who bosses the least. Whether it's cattle, or horses, or men; the least government is the best government. 
Zig Ziglar|You need to be able to manage stress because hard times will come, and a positive outlook is what gets you through.
Zoe Forward, His Witch to Keep|What? A big boy like you couldn't handle a little distraction?""Little distraction? You had your hand on my cock and your tongue down my throat. I call that a pretty big distraction.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Even now, I am anxious about the naked thoughts that I have shared. The observations are blisteringly honest and of course they have to be.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Where the currency depreciation is a result of government inflation carried out by the issue of notes, it is possible to avert its disastrous effect on economic calculation by conducting all bookkeeping in a stable money instead. But so far as the depreciation is a depreciation of gold, the world money, there is no such easy way out.
Juicy J|To be successful, one must take chances.
Onyi Anyado|With the world now a global village, your vision has to transcend different races and faces in different places around the world.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|When the truth is dispensed it is for the good of all, always.
Brian Morgan|A friend of mine hated her husband so much that when he died she had him cremated  blended him with marijuana  and smoked him. She said  "That's the best he's made me feel in years."
Elizabeth Wurtzel|It was just very interesting to me that certain types of women inspire people's imagination, and all of them were very difficult women.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Actors are agents of change. A film, a piece of theater, a piece of music, or a book can make a difference. It can change the world.
Donella Meadows|After all, sustainability means running the global environment - Earth Inc. - like a corporation: with depreciation, amortization and maintenance accounts. In other words, keeping the asset whole, rather than undermining your natural capital.
Namkhai Norbu, Dzogchen: The Self-Perfected State|You will not die if you abandon them. You will not lose if you abandon them. You will gain something greater. If you do not abandon them you will never reach enlightenment, nor find your self that is at peace.
Becky Wicks, Before He Was Famous|It wasn’t fair. It wasn’t fair that I’d stumbled across the kind of man I used to find irresistible, or that he’d managed to stare right inside my head to locate my weaknesses. The thrill of being wanted while pretending not to be interested was a game I’d played over and over during my youth. I’d thrived on it. I’d done more than my share of getting mixed up with men who were all ego and muscles, and Radleigh McCoy reminded me exactly why I’d given them up. Danger, the chase. It was never worth the pain in the end.Unfortunately, my body hadn’t got the memo yet.
Hassan Nasrallah|The road to freedom lies not through mysteries or occult performances, but through the intelligent use of natural forces and laws.
Albert Einstein|It's not cruelty, maybe, but a desire to understand that motivates them.
Mario Lopez|On the other hand, I believe there's hope, because the breakdown and the repair are happening simultaneously.
R.B. Bernstein, Thomas Jefferson|Jefferson feared that Hamilton had plans radically at odds with the Constitution. As he saw it, Hamilton wanted to warp the federal government out of constitutional shape, converting it into a copy of the British government, built on debt, corruption, and influence. Hamilton's goal, Jefferson charged, was to ally the rich and well born with the government at the people's expense, creating a corrupt aristocracy leagued with the government against the people and destroying the virtue that was the basis of republican government. Only a republic could preserve liberty, Jefferson insisted, and only virtue among the people could preserve a republic.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|A wise parent humors the desire for independent action, so as to become the friend and advisor when his absolute rule shall cease.
AainaA-Ridtz|Falling in love with humans is like walking into a pantry and realizing you're trapped in it without Whip Cream, and Cherries.
Michael Ashcroft|One I built when I was a kid, and it was a real miniature of Disneyland. I fell in love with the park when I went there with my parents on my 12th birthday.
Nicola An, The Universe at Heartbeat|If we learn to love someone for their imperfections that reflect our own, we eventually appreciate the thought that even the most beautiful things are damaged
Robert Graves|There is no money in poetry, but then there is no poetry in money.
Daniel Patrick Moynihan|The central conservative truth is that it is culture, not politics, that determines the success of a society. The central liberal truth is that politics can change a culture and save it from itself.
Angelos Michalopoulos, The Dream That Dared to Become a Man|As long as you create, you are being created.
Cesare Pavese|No woman marries for money; they are all clever enough, before marrying a millionaire, to fall in love with him first.
Arthur C. McGill, Dying Unto Life|Every action is a losing, a letting go, a passing away from oneself of some bit of one’s own reality into the existence of others and of the world. In Jesus Christ, this character of action is not resisted, by trying to use our action to assert ourselves, extend ourselves, to impose our will and being upon situations. In Jesus Christ, this self-expending character of action is joyfully affirmed. I receive myself constantly from God’s Parenting love. But so far as some aspects of myself are at my disposal, these I receive to give away. Those who would live as Jesus did—who would act and purpose themselves as Jesus did—mean to love, i.e., they mean to expend themselves for others unto death. Their being is meant to pass away from them to others, and they make that meaning the conscious direction of their existence. Too often the love which is proclaimed in the churches suppresses this element of loss and need and death in activity. As a Christian, I often speak of love as helping others, but I ignore what this does to the person who loves. I ignore the fact that love is self-expenditure, a real expending and losing and deterioration of the self. I speak of love as if the person loving had no problems, no needs, no limits. In other words, I speak of love as if the affluent dream were true. This kind of proclamation is heard everywhere. We hear it said: 'Since you have no unanswered needs, why don’t you go out and help those other people who are in need?' But we never hear people go on and add: 'If you do this, you too will be driven into need.' And by not stating this conclusion, people give the childish impression that Christian love is some kind of cornucopia, where we can reach to everybody’s needs and problems and still have everything we need for ourselves. Believe me, there are grown-up persons who speak this kind of nonsense. And when people try to live out this illusory love, they become terrified when the self-expending begins to take its toll. Terror of relationship is [that] we eat each other. But note this very carefully: like Jesus, we too can only live to give our received selves away freely because we know our being is not thereby ended, but still and always lies in the Parenting of our God....Those who love in the name of Jesus Christ... serve the needs of others willingly, even to the point of being exposed in their own neediness.... They do not cope with their own needs. They do not anguish over how their own needs may be met by the twists and turns of their circumstances, by the whims of their society, or by the strategies of their own egos. At the center of their life—the very innermost center—they are grateful to God, because... they do not fear neediness. That is what frees them to serve the needy, to companion the needy, to become and be one of the needy.
Benjamin Franklin|Contrary to popular wisdom, the mark of a great meeting is not how short it is or whether it ends on time. The key is whether it ends with clarity and commitment from participants.
George Orwell, As I Please: 1943-1945|But I knew the way the people in the town thought about things. They always had some time left over from their life to bother about other people and what they did. They thought they had to get together to help other people out, like the time they got together about the woman who let a colored man borrow her car and told her the best place for her was up north with all the other nigger lovers, and the time they got the veterans with overseas wives out. If you were different from anybody in town, you had to get out. That's why everybody was so much alike. The way they talked, what they did, what they liked, what they hated. If somebody got to hate something and he was the right person, everybody had to hate it too, or people began to hate the ones who didn't hate it. They used to tell us in school to think for yourself, but you couldn't do that in the town. You had to think what your father thought all his life, and that was what everybody thought.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Phantom Phantasia: Poetry for the Phantom of the Opera Phan|She reminded me that I could write stories,/could be struck by lightning & live.
Vincent van Gogh|Both she and I have grief enough and trouble enough, but as for regrets – neither of us have any.
Eugenie Bouchard|What is life, when wanting love? Night without a morning; love's the cloudless summer sun, nature gay adorning.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Your leadership skill-set might be what we have been waiting for, to bring order and finality to major challenges that affect the global village. The vast hydroelectric generation capacity in Africa, particularly the Great Lakes region and along the Nile River, still remains unutilized potential not benefiting the people of Africa most of whom continue to live in darkness and depleting the forests looking for wood fuel and more fertile farming land.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Sobs, heavy, hoarse and loud, shook the chairs, and great tears fell through his fingers on the floor - just such tears, sir, as you dropped into the coffin where lay your first-born son; such tears, woman, as you shed when you heard the cries of your dying babe; for, sir, he was a man, and you are but another man; and, woman, though dressed in silk and jewels, you are but a woman, and, in life's great straits and mighty griefs, ye feel but one sorrow!
Henry Miller|Throughout the European Middle Ages and Renaissance, Latin was the language of learning and international communication. But in the early modern period, it was gradually displaced by French. By the eighteenth century, all the world - or at least all of Europe - aspired to be Parisian.
Thich Nhat Hanh, You Are Here: Discovering the Magic of the Present Moment|I'll go further and say she was one of the best cooks in the world! The compimentary expression, "This food will make you slap yo' Aint Emma" was apt in her case.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|Pliny suggested that the ostrich, then newly discovered, was the result of a cross between a giraffe and a gnat. (It would, I suppose, have to be a female giraffe and a male gnat.) In practice there must be many such crosses which have not beenattempted because of a certain understandable lack of motivation.
Nora Ephron, Heartburn|My marriage to him was as willful an act as I have ever committed; I married him against all the evidence. I married him believing that marriage doesn't work, that love dies, that passion fades, and in so doing I became the kind of romantic only a cynic is truly capable of being.
Curtis Mayfield|The happiness of most people is not ruined by great catastrophes or fatal errors, but by the repetition of slowly destructive little things.
Jared Diamond, Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed|(On the beginning of the mid-1990s' genocidal war in Rwanda:)Within six weeks, an estimated 800,000 Tutsi, representing about three-quarters of the Tutsi then remaining in Rwanda, or 11% of Rwanda's total population, had been killed.
Anna Asche|There are those who travel but never really arrive. Those who visit a place but never know the people. Travel is so much more when you get closer to life and how it is lived here, wherever here may be. I am moving into the unknown to come into being at home wherever I find myself. Individually, inspired, and imaginative.
Katie Crouch and Grady Hendrix, The White Glove War|...while you've never heard of her, in my mind she's practically a celebrity.
E'yen A. Gardner|Nevertheless You are Yourself, you cannot win the World
Gustav Kafka|It's entirely conceivable that life's splendor surrounds us all, and always in its complete fullness, accessible but veiled, beneath the surface, invisible, far away. But there it lies—not hostile, not reluctant, not deaf. If we call it by the right word, by the right name, then it comes. This is the essence of magic, which doesn't create but calls.
Jennifer Worth, In the Midst of Life|Obviously the raven with the unquenchable itch was at it again, playing tricks on the world and its creatures. Once by air, he thought, and now by water.
Vivian Amis, I Am: The Key to Manifesting|The less you know, the more you will be knownThe less you want, the more you will haveThe less you are, the more you will be
Patricia C. Wrede, Searching for Dragons|Mendanbar took a deep breath. “You could stay here. At the castle, I mean. With me.” This wasn’t coming out at all the way he had wanted it to, but it was too late to stop now. He hurried on, “As Queen of the Enchanted Forest, if you think you would like that. I would.”“Would you, really?”“Yes,” Mendanbar said, looking down. “I love you, and—and—”“And you should have said that to begin with,” Cimorene interrupted, putting her arms around him.Mendanbar looked up, and the expression on her face made his heart begin to pound.“Just to be sure I have this right,” Cimorene went on with a blinding smile, “did you just ask me to marry you?”“Yes,” Mendanbar said. “At least, that’s what I meant.”“Good. I will.”Mendanbar tried to find something to say, but he was too happy to think. He leaned forward two inches and kissed Cimorene, and discovered that he didn’t need to say anything at all.
Davey Havok|I just want to sing, I want to work on my music, I want to make my movies, that's all I want to do.
Annette Curtis Klause|Puck shook her head ruefully. "We haven't even solved the first problem, and I'm worrying about the next one. I must be an idiot.""No," Hush said, wiggling an impossible finger at her. "Only kindness. Very much kindness.
Edgar Ramirez|Most people don't really do too many things because they're afraid they'll fail. There are people failing all the time, all around you. And nobody is going to notice your failure. Your failure is not going to be so spectacular that people write news stories about it. Your failure will be boring.
Makoto Shinkai, 5 Centimeters per Second|I love you. I can't remember when I fell in love with you but very naturally, I had fallen in love with you before I knew it. The first time I met you, you were a strong and kind boy. You always protected me.
Lori Jenessa Nelson|Loving you was like jumping into the dark side of a pool, and drowning.
Charles Wright|Snub end of a dismal year, deep in the dwarf orchard, The sky with its undercoat of blackwash and point stars,I stand in the dark and answer toMy life, this shirt I want to take off,which is on fire . . .
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|I believe in fiction and the power of stories because that way we speak in tongues. We are not silenced. All of us, when in deep trauma, find we hesitate, we stammer; there are long pauses in our speech. The thing is stuck. We get our language back through the language of others. We can turn to the poem. We can open the book. Somebody has been there for us and deep-dived the words.
J.M.  Briggs, The Iron Realm|He only knows a single thing to clasp, that like God can't be split up into pieces: our honesty to one another.
Darnell Lamont Walker, Creep|About this time, whether he felt there wasn't sufficient drama in his life or that he was determined not to be outdone by Miss McCabe, he decided that he was dying.
Martin Amis, The Information|He awoke at six, as usual. He needed no alarm clock. He was already comprehensively alarmed.
Kristin Harmel, The Sweetness of Forgetting|Yes. There is one God, and he lives in the sky, and he hears all of us. It is just that here on earth, we are confused about how to believe in him. But what does it matter, as long as we trust he is there?
Joshua Roman|My uncle played rugby, and my dad played football, and they used to argue which game was the roughest - and everybody agreed rugby was. It's a great team sport, and to be successful, every person has to play in the same level.
Sarah Rees Brennan|I may not be perfect, but God knows I'm trying . . . and God knowing should count for something.
|Your God's given potential is far too great to ever dare to bargain for anything less than a victorious life. Therefore, it's time to rise to the challenge and push beyond your fears and doubts.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|I looked silently at her lips. All women are lips, all lips. Some are pink and firmly round: a ring, a tender guardrail from the whole world. And then there are these ones: a second ago they weren’t here, and just now — like a knife-slit — they are here, still dripping sweet blood.
Debasish Mridha|Oh my love, I like to vanish in you like a ripple vanishes in an ocean—slowly, silently, and endlessly.
Paulo Coelho|Try to find pleasure in the speed that you're not used to. Changing the way you do routine things allows a new person to grow inside of you. But when all is said and done, you're the one who must decide how you handle it.
Tina Fey|I feel about Photoshop the way some people feel about abortion. It is appalling and a tragic reflection on the moral decay of our society…unless I need it, in which case, everybody be cool.
The Secret Life Of Walter Mitty|For a moment, I tried to see myself through the eyes of the girl with the black hair, or even the boy in the cowboy hat, studying my features for a vibration under the skin. The effort was visible in my face, and I felt ashamed. No wonder the boy had seemed disgusted: He must have seen the longing in me. Seen how my face was blatant with need, like an orphan's empty dish. And that was the difference between me and the black-haired girl- her face answered all it's own questions.
Jean-Georges Vongerichten|I love KIND bars. My favorites are coconut and almond and the dark chocolate and sea salt because staying fueled helps keep me from getting sick or injured. Bananas have also made a great comeback in my life. My kids eat them all the time on the go, which has inspired my go-to pre-run morning meal of peanut butter and banana on toast.
Emmeline Pankhurst|Breast cancer alone kills some 458,000 people each year, according to the World Health Organization, mainly in low- and middle-income countries. It has got to be a priority to ensure that more women can access gene testing and lifesaving preventive treatment, whatever their means and background, wherever they live.
Damien Hirst, On the Way to Work|In America, we know to ignore artists if they're serious in any way.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|I’m not sure what to say about struggle except that it feels like a long, dark tunnel with no light at the end. You never notice until it’s over the ways it has changed you, and there is no going back. We struggled a lot this year. For everyone who picked a fight with life and got the shit kicked out of them: I’m proud of you for surviving. This year I learned that cities are beautiful from rooftops even when you’re sad and that swimming in rivers while the sun sets in July will make you feel hopeful, no matter what’s going on at home. I found out my best friend is strong enough to swing me over his shoulder like I’m weightless and run down the street while I’m squealing and kicking against his chest. I found out vegan rice milk whipped cream is delicious, especially when it’s licked off the stomach of a boy you love. This year I kissed too many people with broken hearts and hands like mousetraps. If I could go back and unhurt them I would. If I could go back even farther and never meet them I would do that too. I turned 21. There’s no getting around it. I’m an adult now. Navigating the world has proved harder than I expected. There were times I was reckless. In my struggle to survive I hurt others. Apologies do not make good bandages. I’m not sure what to say about change except that it reminds me of the Bible story with the lions’ den. But you are not named Daniel and you have not been praying, so God lets the beasts get a few deep, painful swipes at you before the morning comes and you’re pulled into the light, exhausted and cut to shit. The good news is you survived. The bad news is you’re hurt and no one can heal you but yourself. You just have to find a stiff drink and a clean needle before you bleed out. And then you get up. And start over.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|Isn't it weird," I said, "the way you remember things, when someone's gone?"What do you mean?"I ate another piece of waffle. "When my dad first died, all I could think about was that day. It's taken me so long to be able to think back to before that, to everything else."Wes was nodding before I even finished. "It's even worse when someone's sick for a long time," he said. "You forget they were ever healthy, ever okay. It's like there was never a time when you weren't waiting for something awful to happen."But there was," I said. "I mean, it's only been in the last few months that I've started remembering all this good stuff, funny stuff about my dad. I can't believe I ever forgot it in the first place."You didn't forget," Wes said, taking a sip of his water. "You just couldn't remember right then. But now you're ready to, so you can."I thought about this as I finished off my waffle.
Max Gladstone, Full Fathom Five|Martial Arts does not teach you how to fight, it teaches you why not to.
Todd Crawshaw, Exploits of the Satyr|Terrified, yes. But I run toward the fire now. Not away.
Namsoon Kang, Cosmopolitan Theology: Reconstituting Planetary Hospitality, Neighbor-Love, and Solidarity in an Uneven World|And some scientists and other intellectuals are convinced—too eagerly in my view—that the question of God's existence belongs in the forever inaccessible PAP category. From this, as we shall see, they often make the illogical deduction that the hypothesis of God's existence, and the hypothesis of his non-existence, have exactly equal probability of being right.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Gambler|People really do like seeing their best friends humiliated; a large part of the friendship is based on humiliation; and that is an old truth,well known to all intelligent people.
Mihail Bulhakov|Then, are you master of us all? You didn't teach her that. Was she supposed to imbibe it from my quiet subservience?
Jack R. Rose, The Cedar Post|Opposition can be your friend. Opposition can be the fire that tempers the better sword, as well as the ice that cools a fiery temper. Don't ever run from it; learn from it!
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I am brave enough to stand against those who have been groomed by fear, I will recognize that where I get knocked down is all about where life begins, and has nothing to do with where it ends.
Debasish Mridha|To fill our lives with joy, the morning sun touches our hearts with the warmth of her kindness and the light of her love. Let us be like the sun touch someone’s life with kindness every morning.
John Stuart Mill|Britain's great strength is its innovative, design and engineering natural ability and we're not using it.
Alyson Serena Stone, Once|Today there could be laughter and freedom, but soon the magic would end and they would have to go back to the real world. However, there would still always be time to get under Dak's skin.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|My darling, what a cat they have! Something perfectly stupendous. Siamese, in colour dark beige, or taupe, with chocolate paws and the tail the same. Moreover, his tail is comparatively short, so his croup has something of a little dog, or rather, a kangaroo, and that’s its colour, too. And that special silkiness of short fur, and some very tender white tints on its folds, and wonderful clear-blue eyes, turning transparently green towards evening, and a pensive tenderness of its walk, a sort of heavenly circumspection of movement. An amazing, sacred animal, and so quiet – it’s unclear what he is looking at with those eyes filled to the brim with sapphire water.
H. Rider Haggard, She|And what, O Queen, are those things that are dear to a man? Are they not bubbles? Is not ambition but an endless ladder by which no height is ever climbed till the last unreachable rung is mounted? For height leads on to height, and there is not resting-place among them, and rung doth grow upon rung, and there is no limit to the number.
Colson Whitehead, The Underground Railroad|The whites were right to be afraid. One day the system would collapse in blood. An insurrection of one. She smiled for a moment, before the facts of her latest cell reasserted themselves. Scrabbling in the walls like a rat. Whether in the fields or underground or in an attic room America remained her warden.
Trip Lee, Rise: Get Up and Live in God's Great Story|For specific prayers, there are specific answers.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|It's hard to believe in coincidence, but it's even harder to believe in anything else.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Parents, pray that God may crown your home with grace and mercy.
Agatha Christie, Murder in the Mews|Murder can sometimes seem justified, but it is murder all the same. You are truthful and clear-minded--face the truth, mademoiselle! Your friend died in the last resort, because she had not the courage to live. We may sympathize with her. We may pity her. But the fact remains--the act was hers--not another.
Sheila Walsh, Extraordinary Faith: God's Perfect Gift for Every Woman's Heart|Whether Jesus calms the storm or calms us in the storm, His love is the same, and His grace is enough.
Kirti Gupta|Los Angeles is full of places to hide a body, but when the person inside the body doesn’t love you, it’s not an easy thing, turning that breathing person into a dead one.
Deyth Banger|I won't give 10 dollars for fucking pornography, I will give them for something which will help me to develop...
Anthony de Mello, One Minute Wisdom|Too often, we say we are defeated by this or that sin. No, we are not defeated. We are simply disobedient. It might be good if we stop using the terms victory and defeat to describe our progress in holiness. Rather, we should use the terms obedience and disobedience. When I say I am defeated by some sin, I am unconsciously slipping out from under my responsibility. I am saying something outside of me has defeated me. But when I say I am disobedient, that places the responsibility for my sin squarely on me. We may in fact be defeated, but the reason we are defeated is because we have chosen to disobey. We need to brace ourselves up and to realize that we are responsible for thoughts, attitudes, and actions. We need to reckon on the fact that we died to sin's reign, that it no longer has any dominion over us, that God has united us with the risen Christ in all His power and has given us the Holy Spirit to work in us. Only as we accept our responsibility and appropriate God's provisions will we make any progress in our pursuit of holiness.
J.G. Ballard|As part of the healing process, change your perception of yourself from “victim” to that of “advocate” and “survivor.
C.R. Strahan, Tango's Mirror|I nodded, unsure if Ted sounded admiring or angry. 'I waded in but I couldn't find him. I mean, is it possible - the water wasn't deep enough for him to drown. It doesn't make any sense.''My band made four brilliant albums and never had a single goddamn hit. We were supposed to be the American Rolling Stones, and we couldn't get more than five minutes of airplay. Does that make sense?' Ted stubbed out his cigarette.
Marsha Blackburn|To accomplish its mission, the FBI relies heavily upon its law enforcement and intelligence partners around the nation and around the globe. By combining our resources and our collective expertise, we are able to investigate national security threats that cross both geographical and jurisdictional boundaries.
Paulo Coelho|I was born with an enormous need for affection, and a terrible need to give it.
Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step|Enlightenment is the transformation that brings out the highest human qualities. It is the process that removes the clouds of negativity and brings the colors of peace, compassion and kindness.
Daniel Kahneman, Thinking, Fast and Slow|The test of learning psychology is whether your understanding of situations you encounter has changed, not whether you have learned a new fact.
Michael Leunig|I'm an unabashed elitist. Everyone needs a good editor, and there is peril in worshiping amateurism and the unedited in science, art, and journalism.
John F. Kennedy|I am not a scientist. I am, rather, an impresario of scientists.
Carl Lewis|If you don’t have confidence, you’ll always find a way not to win.
Michael   Lewis, Liar's Poker|Buy potatoes,” he said. “Gotta hop.” Then he hung up. Of course. A cloud of fallout would threaten European food and water supplies, including the potato crop, placing a premium on uncontaminated American substitutes. Perhaps a few folks other than potato farmers think of the price of potatoes in America minutes after the explosion of a nuclear reactor in Russian, but I have never met them.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|People think we had a love-hate relationship. Well, I did not love him, nor did I hate him. We had mutual respect for each other, even as we both planned each other's murder.
S.C. Stephens, Reckless|I don’t think this is working out between us,” I told him. “You and I want different things. It’s not me, it’s you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Everyone should have a place in your heart, but only a special few should have a place in your life.
Rashers Tierney, F*ck You, I'm Irish: Why We Irish Are Awesome|So, what is my story? I don't know. It's long and twisted and not quite finished yet.
H.L. Mencken, A Book of Burlesques|An idealist is one who, on noticing that a rose smells better than a cabbage, concludes that it makes a better soup.
Nancy E. Turner, These Is My Words: The Diary of Sarah Agnes Prine, 1881-1901|What’s the difference?” I asked him. “Between the love of your life, and your soulmate?”“One is a choice, and one is not.
Vera Brittain, Testament of Youth|I found it not inappropriate that the years of frustration and grief and loss, of work and conflict and painful resurrection, should have led me through their dark and devious ways to this new beginning.
John Dryden, Absalom and Achitophel|But far more numerous was the herd of such,Who think too little, and who talk too much.
Christopher McDougall|Their hearts, lost in thought, slowly tick away time. When we pass each other on the road, we listen to the rhythm of each other's breathing, and sense the way the other person is ticking away the moments.
Shannon L. Alder|The only real conflict you will ever have in your life won’t be with others, but with yourself.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|Too many of us take great pains with what we ingest through our mouths, and far less with what we partake of through our ears and eyes.
Ivan Klíma|The halcyon days of childhood, a time when everything lay open before him, when the most minor episodes could be construed as events and every chance encounter … gave rise to fresh insights.
P.J. O'Rourke, Parliament of Whores: A Lone Humorist Attempts to Explain the Entire U.S. Government|The desire for an increase of wealth can be satisfied through exchange, which is the only method possible in a capitalist economy, or by violence and petition as in a militarist society, where the strong acquire by force, the weak by petitioning.
Awdhesh Singh, The Secret Red Book of Leadership|A leader is generally not more virtuous than most ordinary people. The opposite is usually true. Because people are reluctant to be led by those perceived as evil, a leader expertly creates a façade, behind which he hides all that may appear dirty. This is a difficult art where the leader has to wear two masks, one in public and the other in private—and no one should see the true face of a leader.
Jack Gantos, What Would Joey Do?|Yet she was so sweet. She wasn’t a hard-ass, wasn’t jaded after all that had been done to her. In bed, she was giving and generous. And she smiled a lot. She seemed to enjoy life.Whereas he’d been nothing but a giant pain in the ass, taking for granted everything that had been given to him. He’d had it so easy, while his parents had struggled to give him a good life so all he had to do was go out and live his dream.He and Savannah were as different as night and day. How could she tolerate being around him? He was nothing but a spoiled football player who craved the spotlight. He didn’t deserve to be sharing a bed with her. She needed someone who cared for her, who thought of nothing but her, who’d give up everything just to give her the kind of life she deserved.He sucked in a breath and realized it was time he made some serious life changes. It was time to go all in and stop hesitating about the things he really wanted in his career. In his life.It was time to start taking some chances.
John Flanagan, Erak's Ransom|But what if I make a mistake?' Will asked.Gilan threw back his head and laughed. 'A mistake? One mistake? You should be so lucky. You'll make dozens! I made four or five on my first day alone! Of course you'll make mistakes. Just don't make any of them twice. If you do mess things up, don't try to hide it. Don't try to rationalize it. Recognize it and admit it and learn from it. We never stop learning, none of us.
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|We laughed as we ducked behind a pile of snow. Then our brothers came charging through the barrier, sending the four of us sliding down a white slope full of cherished memories.
Holly Black, Valiant|I've seen men die because they were sure that what should not happen,would not.-Robert Jordan(The eye of the world,Wheel of time)
litymunshi|challenges _! no music, no dreams, no hopes,_but one has to live !
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Here’s the three-ingredient recipe for a glorious day: think a higher thought, move your feet forward, serve someone you’ve never served. Do those three things and your life will improve in a millisecond.
Jason Myers, The Mission|Never will I understand the mentallity of a man, who can plant his own seed and not watch it grow.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, The Social Contract|Our Press and our schools cultivate Chauvinism, militarism, dogmatism, conformism and ignorance. The arbitrary power of the Government is unlimited, and unexampled in history; freedom of the Press, of opinion and of movement are as thoroughly exterminated as though the proclamation of the Rights of Man had never been. We have built up the most gigantic police apparatus, with informers made a national institution, and the most refined scientific system of political and mental torture. We whip the groaning masses of the country towards a theoretical future happiness, which only we can.
shubham phadte|Today u are laughing on my failure, Tomorrow i'll laugh on your success
Jason Fried|Don't make up problems you don't have yet. It's not a problem until it's a real problem. Most of the things you worry about never happen anyway.The decisions you make today don't need to last forever. If circumstances change, your decisions CAN change. Decisions are temporary.Pay attention to today and worry about later when it gets here. Otherwise, you'll waste energy, time and money fixating on problems that may never materialize."~ An excerpt from the awesome book, "Rework
John Anderson|Fossil fuels will run out not because of limited resources but because of the environmental impact. If I can solve that impact, I have basically increased the resource base by a vast amount.
Robyn Carr, Wild Man Creek|What are you doing here?”All right, he was standing in front of an easel, holding a paint palette and brush. “Taxidermy?” he responded with just a touch of his own sarcasm.
Suzy Kassem|This is the sacred secret of love. Love a person for their heart and only their heart, and you will be rewarded with the best unconditional love in return. If you ignore the heart and focus just on a person’s outer beauty, love will ignore you. Love a person for only the beauty found in their heart, and that beautiful heart will always be beautiful to you.
Morgan Freeman|If I take death into my life, acknowledge it, and face it squarely, I will free myself from the anxiety of death and the pettiness of life - and only then will I be free to become myself.
Madelon Phillips|There is love in holding and there is love in letting go. Elizabeth Berg, The Year of Pleasures
Adlai E. Stevenson|Death can't be considered because, if you're afraid to die, there's no room in your life to make discoveries.
Paula Houseman, Odyssey In A Teacup|It was an interesting night. I’d never been to a non-Jewish wedding, and Phelan assured me that this one was not the norm. The bride and groom got pissed as newts—he ended up passed out, sprawled face down in his own vomit, while she did the cancan on the bridal table, flashing something old, which apparently was nothing new.
David W. Earle|No matter how I want things to stay the same, no matter how discomforting change can be, I am stuck with the certainty that all molecules vibrate; all things are in constant motion; and change will happen. I can either accept that truth or suffer depression when I do not accept the reality that surrounds me. Change is constant; I am not the same person today as the person who put his head down on the pillow last night. Iron Mask
Scott Westerfeld, Touching Darkness|I expect that you must receive top marks at school, young lady."Madeleine smiled as she stirred her tea. "There are always rewards for those who state the obvious frequently and with conviction.
Corrie ten Boom|when we are powerless to do a thing, it is a great joy that we can come and step inside the ability of Jesus
Susie Staplehurst|Let him have all the perfections in the world, I think it ought not to be set down as certain that a man must be acceptable to every woman he may happen to like himself.
Stefan Mohamed, Stuff|When someone is sleep-Tweeting the sexual thoughts you’re currently having about them while you’re having sex with someone else, miles away, it’s kind of too late.
Farshad Asl|I do not know anyone who has gotten to the top without paying the price. It takes an attitude of hard work, commitment and purpose.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|The rivalry ends here," Percy said. "I love you, Wise Girl.
Ronald Frame, Havisham|She breathes all the political gases that flow around this, but she never seems to inhale them.
E.B. White|If you live in New York, even if you're Catholic, you're Jewish
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|If you leave your dreams on your pillow, you might as well just stay in bed. To make dreams come true you’ve got to get up and take action.
Agatha Christie|Was he he handsome?" she asked with a sly smirk."Very. He is still, I think.""The devil, they say, goes about in finery.""And if you believe Beelzebub is as cunning as he is attractive, then I think we have found him.
Austin Kleon, Show Your Work!: 10 Ways to Share Your Creativity and Get Discovered|Forget about being an expert or a professional, and wear your amateurism (your heart, your love) on your sleeve. Share what you love, and the people who love the same things will find you.
A.T.|Every King, like the river, is evident by his currents
Dalai Lama XIV, Freedom in Exile: The Autobiography of the Dalai Lama|As for my own religious practice, I try to live my life pursuing what I call the Bodhisattva ideal. According to Buddhist thought, a Bodhisattva is someone on the path to Buddhahood wo dedicates themselves entirely to helping all other sentient beings towards release from suffering. The word Bodhisattva can best be understood by translating the Bodhi and Sattva separately: Bodhi means the understanding or wisdom of the ultimate nature of reality, and a Sattva is someone who is motivated by universal compassion. The Bodhissatva ideal is thus the aspiration to practise infinite compassion with infinite wisdom. releasing sentient beings from suffering.
Meg Wolitzer, The Interestings|Is there anything sadder than the scrawniest little piece of uneaten chicken at a dinner party?”“Hmm,” said Jules. “Yes. The Holocaust.
Andrew Ashling, The Invisible Chains - Part 2: Bonds of Fear|I know no such disease of the soul, but ignorance.
Rene Denfeld, The Child Finder|Shame was a peculiar beast, Naomi knew. She suspected everyone had it: the dragon they wanted to slay. But for her it was different. Naomi wanted to bathe in it, to stand under its waterfall and come out blessed.
Tracie Miles, Stressed-Less Living: Finding God's Peace in Your Chaotic World|Waiting is a risk to something or nothing, its on your own Decision if you'll stay and still with your Patience.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Circle of Quiet|The attentions of others matter to us because we are afflicted by a congenital uncertainty as to our own value, as a result of which affliction we tend to allow others' appraisals to play a determining role in how we see ourselves. Our sense of identity is held captive by the judgements of those we live among.
Daniel Berigan|We should know and celebrate God with our whole person. While too many Christians neglect to serve God with the mind, others cultivate only their minds and neglect the emotional aspects of worship.
Andrew Vachss, Haiku|Fear is an enemy that can be killed only at close range. The closest range of all is intimacy. The deeper the fear is embedded in one’s spirit, the more vulnerable it is.
Jasper Fforde, The Eyre Affair|Give and receive with gratitude. Do the former, without expectation of, the latter.
Michael  Grant, Fear|I've never been able to grow an organ back," Lana said. "Last time I tried... Let's just hope you don't end up with whip eyes.
Matthew Quick, Forgive Me, Leonard Peacock|I'm trying to let him know what I'm about to do.I'm hoping he can save me, even though I realize he can't.
Aleister Crowley, Collected Works of Aleister Crowley|He looked at the sky once more. Men had gone out there, he thought in wonder, and couldn't think why. Singly and in small groups they had gone into strange lands, across wide seas, had climbed mountains where no human foot had ever trod. And he couldn't think why they had done these things. What impulse had driven them from their own kind to perish alone, or among strangers.
R. Joseph Hoffmann|When you etch your moral code in stone, you have no room for editing. You leave open the possibility that, as our ethical views evolve, your code becomes less relevant. You could find yourself with four of ten divine moral laws describing how to treat God and zero that prohibit rape or slavery.
Steve Kluger, Last Days of Summer|Mr. Herbert DemarestAlexander Hamilton Jr. High2236 Bedford AvenueBrooklyn NYDear Mr Demarest, Then why don't you give him 'Withering Heights'? At least Heathcoat knew how to kick some ass.Chas. Banks3d Base
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|For there to be harmony and peace, everything must be balanced. And for there to be balance, there must be equality. And where there is equality, there will be justice. And where justice is honored and preserved, there will always be truth. Eliminate the concept of division by class, skills, race, income, and nationality. We are all equals with a common pulse to survive. Every human requires food and water. Every human has a dream and desire to be happy. Every human responds to love, suffering and pain. Every human bleeds the same color and occupies the same world. Let us recognize that we are all part of each other. We are all human. We are all one.
Aloy Ricketts, Erotica: The Hub of Ecstasy: Series Three (Erotica Short Stories, Romance, Erotic Romance, Menage Romance)|To every bad there's a good and to every good there's a bad. And both are pertinent to the lessons of life, and the building of your character or individuality.
Elizabeth Hardwick, Sleepless Nights|Adolescence is like a heavy rain. Even though you catch a cold from it, you still look forward to experiencing it once again.(From 'In Those Bygone Years, The Girl We All Went After' the novel)
Elisabeth Grace Foley, Left-Hand Kelly|Except for the shapes of the windows, backlit by the streetlights that dotted the perimeter of the Moosetookalook town square, Liss could see very little in the darkness of the room she shared with her husband. The two front windows were raised as far as they would go, since Liss had been taught at an early age that fresh air was one of nature's best sleep aids. She had never had any reason to doubt that small bit of folk wisdom.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Queen|I learned that love can transcend race and time, and that it can be beautiful and perfect and worth fighting for but also fragile and heartbreaking, and sometimes sacrifice is necessary. That sometimes it’s you against the world, and there are no easy answers. That you have to know when to hold on…and when to let go.
Kamand Kojouri|I used to be lost in us. Blurred were the lines that separated us. But now, I see our togetherness in our separateness. I see the you in me and the me in you. We are two independent beings who complement one another like photographs that are beautiful on their own but are enhanced when juxtaposed, creating an altogether new photograph.
Brooke Shields|I am my own muse, the subject I know best.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If a nation reads what is good with a good understanding, it gets a good understanding for a good nation building!
Ann Leckie, Ancillary Justice|Are you bisexual""Labels were invented for people like you who can't grasp a reality outside of a defined gender role. I like what i like.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|I don’t want my ‘part’ taken! I haven’t ‘got’ a part! I hate the stupid geometrical figures by which people try to understand the emotions of others, imposing hard straight lines - or ‘sides’ as they call them - onto tender curvaceous human beings who have none.
Bridie Clark|One of the liabilities of being a deep thinker, Wyatt mused, was that it left him vulnerable to existential crises.
Donald L. Hicks, The Divinity Factor|Remember to have courage, that is one of the few things that no one can ever take away from you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you find your sacred soul, bind the love bond.
Alan Sillitoe, The Loneliness of the Long-Distance Runner|I'm a human being and I've got thoughts and secrets and bloody life inside me that he doesn't know is there, and he'll never know what's there because he's stupid. I suppose you'll laugh at this, me saying the governor's a stupid bastard when I know hardly how to write and he can read and write and add-up like a professor. But what I say is true right enough. He's stupid, and I'm not, because I can see further into the likes of him than he can see into the likes of me.
Penney Peirce, Transparency: Seeing Through to Our Expanded Human Capacity|Once you have known awareness, nothing is worth it-- you have known the greatest bliss of life. Then, suddenly, many things simply drop; they become stupid,become foolish. The motivation is not there,the desire is not there, the dreams have fallen.
Debasish Mridha|Life is difficult, easy, and wonderful. As you think, it is as such.
Ava DuVernay|Experience has shown, and a true philosophy will always show, that a vast, perhaps the larger portion of the truth arises from the seemingly irrelevant.
John Fowles, The Magus|The battle was over. Our casualties were some thirteen thousand killed--thirteen thousand minds, memories, loves, sensations, worlds, universes--because the human mind is more a universe than the universe itself--and all for a few hundred yards of useless mud.
Charlie Close, Before the Ripcord Broke: Stories|He slid his saxophone under the bed before we got naked on it, and I think it made the whole thing better. I really do.
John Fowles, The Magus|Men see objects, women see the relationship between objects. Whether the objects need each other, love each other, match each other. It is an extra dimension of feeling we men are without and one that makes war abhorrent to all real women - and abusrd. I will tell you what war is. War is a psychosis caused by an inability to see relationships. Our relationship with our fellow-men. Our relationship with our economic and historical situation. And above all our relationship to nothingness. To death.
Otto Rank, Truth and Reality|In the religious myths, the creative will appears personified in God, and man already feels himself guilty when he assumes himself to be like God, that is, to ascribe this will to himself. In the heroic myths on the contrary, man appears as himself, creative and guilt for his suffering and fall is ascribed to God, that is, to his own will. Both are only extreme reaction phenomena of man wavering between his Godlikeness and his nothingness, whose will is awakened to the knowledge of its power and whose consciousness is aroused to terror before it.
Antonio Porchia|When you love a man, he becomes more than a body. His physical limbs expand, and his outline recedes, vanishes. He is rich and sweet and right. He is part of the world, the atmosphere, the blue sky and the blue water.
Milan Kundera, The Art of the Novel|Once upon a time, the Reindeer took a running leap and jumped over the Northern Lights.But he jumped too low, and the long fur of his beautiful flowing tail got singed by the rainbow fires of the aurora.To this day the reindeer has no tail to speak of. But he is too busy pulling the Important Sleigh to notice what is lost. And he certainly doesn’t complain.What's your excuse?
Buddy Wakefield|We can stick anything into the fogand make it look like a ghostbut tonightlet us not become tragedies.We are not funeral homeswith propane tanks in our windows,lookin’ like cemeteries.Cemeteries are just the Earth’s way of not letting go.Let go.Tonightlet’s turn our silly wrists so far backwardsthe razor blades in our pencil tipscan’t get a good angle on all that beauty inside.Step into thiswith your airplane parts.Move forwardand repeat after me with your heart:“I no longer need you to fuck me as hard as I hated myself.”Make love to melike you know I am betterthan the worst thing I ever did.Go slow.I’m new to this.But I have seen nearly every city from a rooftopwithout jumping.I have realizedthat the moondid not have to be full for us to love it,that we are not tragediesstranded here beneath it,that if my heartreally brokeevery time I fell from loveI’d be able to offer you confetti by now.But hearts don’t break,y’all,they bruise and get better.We were never tragedies.We were emergencies.You call 9 – 1 – 1.Tell them I’m having a fantastic time.
Zig Ziglar|Rich people have small TVs and big libraries, and poor people have small libraries and big TVs.
Melanie Joy, Why We Love Dogs, Eat Pigs, and Wear Cows: An Introduction to Carnism: The Belief System That Enables Us to Eat Some Animals and Not Others|He said that people who loved [animals] to excess were capable of the worst cruelties toward human beings. He said that dogs were not loyal but servile, that cats were opportunists and traitors, that peacocks were heralds of death, that macaws were simply decorative annoyances, that rabbits fomented greed, that monkeys carried the fever of lust, and that roosters were damned because they had been complicit in the three denials of Christ.
Ted Chang|Outnumbered! Ya’ll are always the hell outnumbered!” - Marek, Gunship
Kristin Cashore, Fire|Well, it's either kiss me or kill me, that's how I see it.
W. C. Fields|Our purpose in Vietnam is to prevent the success of aggression. It is not conquest, it is not empire, it is not foreign bases, it is not domination. It is, simply put, just to prevent the forceful conquest of South Vietnam by North Vietnam.
Marissa Meyer, Cress|There's a good kind of crazy, Kaylee," he insisted softly, reaching out to wrap his warm hand around mine. "It's the kind that makes you think about things that make your head hurt, because not thinking about them is the coward's way out. The kind that makes you touch people who bruise your soul, just because they need to be touched. This is the kind of crazy that lets you stare out into the darkness and rage at eternity, while it stares back at you, ready to swallow you whole." Tod leaned closer, staring into my eyes so intently I was sure he could see everything I was thinking, but too afraid to say. "I've seen you fight, Kaylee. I've seen you step into that darkness for someone else, then claw your way out, bruised, but still standing. You're that kind of crazy, and I live in that darkness. Together, we'd take crazy to a whole new level.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In my darkness time, God splendour light shines my path.
Caroline Wozniacki|I'm a mad lover of sport. You cannot say a bad word to me about sports. So I know business is involved and I know it can be cynical, and, of course, I watch it, but for me it's pure.
Donna Scrima-Black|If there's a will, there's a way!I feel larger than LIFE--and look up to the stars who shine down on me and have become my own personal cheerleaders....as my fingers tap on my computer late into the night..
Dave Obey|If we abandon marriage, we abandon the family.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|In the middle of the night, things well up from the past that are not always cause for rejoicing--the unsolved, the painful encounters, the mistakes, the reasons for shame or woe. But all, good or bad, give me food for thought, food to grow on.
Alfred de Vigny, Stello|To hold power has always meant to manipulate idiots and circumstances; and those circumstances and those idiots, tossed together, bring about those coincidences to which even the greatest men confess they owe most of their fame
Caleb Crain, Necessary Errors|See, this is what the United States of America is all about.You can wrestle a thousand bears and chew on a billion knives but in the end, you are only as good as the dude who stops you from dying of a gunshot while fucking a coyote.
Colin Trevorrow|There's no shame in being romantic at all. I think people want to feel that sense of romance, which is rarely even attempted anymore.
Michelle Yeoh|I thought, well of course, Kinsey absolutely adored teaching. He was a wonderful teacher. So these kids really inspired me. So that was a clue I hung onto. He loved young people, he absolutely loved them. And he loved teaching them and trying to help them.
Jimi Hendrix|I spent a lot of years trying to outrun or outsmart vulnerability by making things certain and definite, black and white, good and bad. My inability to lean into the discomfort of vulnerability limited the fullness of those important experiences that are wrought with uncertainty: Love, belonging, trust, joy, and creativity to name a few.
Marie Corelli, The Soul of Lilith|Was it worth while, he thought, to be so wise, if wisdom made one at times so sad? Was it well to sacrifice Faith for Fact, when Faith was so warm and Fact so cold? Was it better to be a dreamer of things possible, or a worker-out of things positive? And how much was positive, after all, and how much possible? He balanced the question lightly with himself. It was like a discord in the music of his mind, and disturbed his peace.
Scott Westerfeld, Uglies|Shay sometimes talked in a mysterious way, like she was quoting the lyrics of some band no one else listened to.
Philip Rieff, The Triumph of the Therapeutic: Uses of Faith after Freud|Religious man was born to be saved, psychological man is born to be pleased.
Amy Purdy|I wanted to - any chance I had to dress up as a boy, like Halloween, I would be a pirate or a ghost that wore a tie. A hobo.
Rana Dasgupta, Solo|Before the man lost his sight, he read this story in a magazine: a group of explorers came upon a community of parrots speaking the language of a society that had been wiped out in a recent catastrophe. Astonished by their discovery, they put the parrots in cages and sent them home so that linguists could record what remained of the lost language. But the parrots, already traumatized by the devastation they had recently witnessed, died on the way.The man feels a great fraternity with those birds. He feels he carries, like them, a shredded inheritance, and he is too concussed to pass anything on.
David Brooks|To nurture your career, it makes sense to cultivate your strengths. To nurture your moral core, it is necessary to confront your weaknesses.
Debasish Mridha|Never pursue happiness, just create the happiness inside you.
Brandon Sanderson, The Rithmatist|A few weeks ago, Abdul had seen a boy’s hand cut clean off when he was putting plastic into one of the shredders. The boy’s eyes had filled with tears but he hadn’t screamed. Instead he’d stood there with his blood-spurting stump, his ability to earn a living ended, and started apologizing to the owner of the plant. “Sa’ab, I’m sorry,” he’d said to the man in white. “I won’t cause you any problems by reporting this. You will have no trouble from me.
Minae Mizumura, The Fall of Language in the Age of English|Writing a modern novel in a national language hence means writing with the awareness that you inhabit the same world as others around the globe. You see the same world map and the same world history as your contemporaries elsewhere, though how each of you interprets and relates the same historical events may vary greatly.
Michael Stein, In the Age of Love|If I have you for a day, I'll want you for a week. If I have you for a week, I'll want you for another week.
Brigid Lowry, Guitar Highway Rose|I love to watch the fine mist of the night come on, The windows and the stars illumined, one by one, The rivers of dark smoke pour upward lazily, And the moon rise and turn them silver. I shall see The springs, the summers, and the autumns slowly pass; And when old Winter puts his blank face to the glass, I shall close all my shutters, pull the curtains tight, And build me stately palaces by candlelight.
Amir Khusrau, The Writings Of Amir Khusrau :700 years after the prophet : a 13th-14th century legend of Indian-sub-continent|Farsi Couplet:Mun tu shudam tu mun shudi,mun tun shudam tu jaan shudiTaakas na guyad baad azeen, mun deegaram tu deegariEnglish Translation:I have become you, and you me,I am the body, you soul;So that no one can say hereafter,That you are someone, and me someone else.
Greg Carey, Sinners: Jesus and His Earliest Followers|If contemporary Christians took seriously the possibility that those outside the boundaries of the church might hold the promise of renewal, if we ceased regarding ourselves as the source of salvation and the secular world as a potential threat, and if we emulated Jesus' example in accepting the faith and the courage of those who live beyond conventional standards of purity, well, I can hardly imagine how things would look.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Twenty years after we had left so fierce and proud, we were all right back where we had started, yoked to each other and the same old drama.
Christopher McDougall, Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen|Your body will argue that there is no justifiable reason to continue. Your only recourse is to call on your spirit, which fortunately functions independently of logic.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Responsibility and Trust -- these two are like Yin and Yang, together perfectly complete, and each one requiring the presence of the other.The next time you mistrust someone, consider this -- does that person feel responsible for you in any way? If the answer is yes, then go ahead and trust them. Very likely, they are looking out for your best interest.
Auliq-Ice|You may control people physically by force, but you won’t change their hearts and minds—that requires trust and friendship.
Charlie Kaufman|Memory in youth is active and easily impressible; in old age it is comparatively callous to new impressions, but still retains vividly those of earlier years.
Walt Whitman|I've always said that in politics, your enemies can't hurt you, but your friends will kill you.
Ashlyn Chase, I Dream of Dragons|You were supposed to be a Werewolf, Brendan, so that you would be in her world. To be the strength she needs when she no longer has strength of her own, to show her the reasons to survive and to live.
Stephen King, The Stand|It don't matter if you believe in God Nick, he believes in you.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Be selfish and take good care of you first. When you are your best, you can best help others.
Tony Campolo|When I went to college, as much as my parents emphasized academic achievement, they emphasized marriage even more. They told me that the most eligible women marry young to get a 'good man' before they are all taken.
Sylvia Day, Bared to You|B.O.B. and I have a longtime understanding - when we're done with each other, we know exactly which one of us has been used, and it isn't me. Good night Gideon.
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|Thinking of death--strange, beautiful, terrible and a long way off--made me feel happier than ever.
Francis Bacon, The Advancement Of Learning|Nay, the same Solomon the king, although he excelled in the glory of treasure and magnificent buildings, of shipping and navigation, of service and attendance, of fame and renown, and the like, yet he maketh no claim to any of those glories, but only to the glory of inquisition of truth; for so he saith expressly, "The glory of God is to conceal a thing, but the glory of the king is to find it out;" as if, according to the innocent play of children, the Divine Majesty took delight to hide His works, to the end to have them found out; and as if kings could not obtain a greater honour than to be God's playfellows in that game
Karsten Knight, Nightingale, Sing|He looked as surprised as I was about the kiss and more than a little guilty. "I ..." he started. "I'm sorry. That was wrong. You're my dead roommate's little sister, and I'm here to protect you, not to ..." He trailed off, lost for words.When I finally regained control of my tongue, I said, "It's depraved and you should be ashamed of yourself." I dropped the bottle into the snow and walked determinedly toward him. "Do it again.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|Why, you'll be 'changed, m'dear. We'll just swap you for a human child who'll make a good servant to the Band. Half Humans never work out 'mongst the Folk. No, never do.""But--I'm half Folk too... What if I never work out 'mongst the humans?""Aye, you're neither one thing nor yet quite t'other. Pity, but there 'tis.
W.H. Auden, Selected Essays|Without art, we should have no notion of the sacred; without science, we should always worship false gods.
Terry Pratchett, Snuff|I know that I am a small, weak man, but I have amassed a large library; I dream of dangerous places.
Rachel L. Schade, Forsaken Kingdom|What else has kept any of us going, but love of someone or the memory of that love?
Seth Grahame-Smith, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter|Things don't have purposes, as if the universe were a machine, where every part has a useful function. What's the function of a galaxy? I don't know if our life has a purpose and I don't see that it matters. What does matter is that we're a part. Like a thread in a cloth or a grass-blade in a field. It is and we are. What we do is like wind blowing on the grass.
Moses Mendelssohn|Indeed, in view of its function, religion stands in greater need of a rational foundation of its ultimate principles than even the dogmas of science.
Debasish Mridha|Every day is full of opportunities, but an opportunity is full of only so many days.
Helene Shulman, Toward Psychologies of Liberation|The more my brain was fed, the hungrier it became.
Emily Dickinson|My child, I know you're not a childBut I still see you running wildBetween those flowering trees.Your sparkling dreams, your silver laughYour wishes to the stars above Are just my memories.And in your eyes the oceanAnd in your eyes the seaThe waters frozen overWith your longing to be free.Yesterday you'd awokenTo a world incredibly old.This is the age you are brokenOr turned into gold.You had to kill this child, I know.To break the arrows and the bowTo shed your skin and change.The trees are flowering no moreThere's blood upon the tiles floorThis place is dark and strange.I see you standing in the stormHolding the curse of youthEach of you with your storyEach of you with your truth.Some words will never be spokenSome stories will never be told.This is the age you are brokenOr turned into gold.I didn't say the world was good.I hoped by now you understoodWhy I could never lie.I didn't promise you a thing. Don't ask my wintervoice for springJust spread your wings and fly.Though in the hidden gardenDown by the green green laneThe plant of love grows next toThe tree of hate and pain.So take my tears as a token.They'll keep you warm in the cold.This is the age you are brokenOr turned into gold.You've lived too long among usTo leave without a traceYou've lived too short to understandA thing about this place.Some of you just sit there smokingAnd some are already sold. This is the age you are brokenOr turned into gold.This is the age you are broken or turned into gold.
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|It was quiet, the old wood creaking and the snow barely visible outside the stained glass. And I sat down. And I looked up. At this giant room I was in. At this place where thousands of people had sat before me. And alone, at night, in the middle of a New Haven storm, I felt so remarkably, unbelievably safe.
Cullen Bunn|I never saw my dad cry. My son saw me cry. My dad never told me he loved me, and consequently I told Scott I loved him every other minute. The point is, I'll make less mistakes than my dad, my sons hopefully will make less mistakes than me, and their sons will make less mistakes than their dads.
Selena Gomez|The fast, flowing parts, the high-speed corners, that's where a Formula One car is at its best - changes of direction, pulling high g-forces left and right.
Shūsaku Endō, Silence|But I begin to fancy you don't like me. How strange! I thought, though everybody hated and despised each other, they could not avoid loving me. (Catherine Linton, nee Earnshaw)
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|God also cheers when we come to him with our wobbling, unsteady prayers. Jesus does not say, “Come to me, all you who have learned how to concentrate in prayer, whose minds no longer wander, and I will give you rest.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Image is only temporal. Substance endures. Who said, "Image is everything"? And who believed it?
Debasish Mridha|To manifest the beauty of life, think beauty, dream beauty, and see the beauty in the simple things all around you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without forgiveness, there is no healing.
Rudyard Kipling|It's clever, but is it art?
Jane Austen, Emma|You are very fond of bending little minds; but where little minds belong to rich people in authority, I think they have a knack of swelling out, till they are quite as unmanageable as great ones.
Ruth Handler|Ranchers need clean water for their stock, farmers need it for their crops, every employer needs it to stay in business, and every living thing needs it for life... The law needs to be clear to protect water quality and the rights of landowners.
Twinkle Khanna|Is this not the true romantic feeling; not to desire to escape life, but to prevent life from escaping you.
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|I never knew words could be so confusing," Milo said to Tock as he bent down to scratch the dog's ear."Only when you use a lot to say a little," answered Tock.Milo thought this was quite the wisest thing he'd heard all day.
Kirk Mango, Becoming a True Champion: Achieving Athletic Excellence from the Inside Out|Big dreamers don't always accomplish big things; however, big accomplishments always come from big dreams.
Halle Teart|Don't let anyone fool you. The stars are always shining. And you don't just see them in the dark. The sun is a star, and it provides light for all of us.
Mensah Oteh|There is a science to living well and art to experiencing the good life, and it begins with wisdom.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|If you are not on your path of purpose, you will only have misery in your life.
Leonardo DiCaprio|My mom is incredibly stylish, and she gets it from my grandmother. I feel like I can't live up to how chic they are as women. They are great role models for aging gracefully, and that's a thing that is very key that I try to always emulate.
Joe Abercrombie, Red Country|Evil then consists not in being created but in the rebellious idolatry by which humans worship and honour elements of the natural world rather than the God who made them. The result is that the cosmos is out of joint. Instead of humans being God's wise vice-regents over creation, they ignore the creator and try to worship something less demanding, something that will give them a short-term fix of power or pleasure.
Peace Pilgrim|Every work of art is the child of its age and, in many cases, the mother of our emotions. It follows that each period of culture produces an art of its own which can never be repeated.
Mark Boyle, The Moneyless Man: A Year of Freeconomic Living|It’s amazing how many cheaters and liars believe they won’t be caught. News Flash: In today’s age of technology, there won’t just be a paper trail. There will be multiple electronic and digital trails, as well.
Laini Taylor, Lips Touch: Three Times|Is that all souls are for? For when we die?" "No. They're for living, too.
John George Nicolay|Apart from boosting our long-term economic strength like other Asian economic powers, Philippine companies expanding overseas and going beyond our comfort zones, or going to some uncharted territories, will help sharpen our management skills.
Jaron Lanier, You Are Not a Gadget|A file on a hard disk does indeed contain information of the kind that objectively exists. The fact that the bits are discernible instead of being scrambled into mush - the way heat scrambles things - is what makes them bits.But if the bits can potentially mean something to someone, they can only do so if they are experienced. When that happens, a commonality of culture is enacted between the storer and the retriever of the bits. Experience is the only process that can de-alienate information.Information of the kind that purportedly wants to be free is nothing but a shadow of our own minds, and wants nothing on its own. It will not suffer if it doesn't get what it wants.But if you want to make the transition from the old religion, where you hope God will give you an afterlife, to the new religion, where you hope to become immortal by getting uploaded into a computer, then you have to believe information is real and alive. So for you, it will be important to redesign human institutions like art, the economy, and the law to reinforce the perception that information is alive. You demand that the rest of us live in your new conception of a state religion. You need us to deify information to reinforce your faith.
Christmas Humphreys, The Buddhist Way Of Life|Death for [the Buddhist] is the shadow on the face of life, for the opposite of death is birth, not life; that which is born must die. Life has no opposite, for life goes on; only its forms must change unceasingly. It is life which creates, uses and then destroys each form of life, whether yours or mine or that of the mountain, the empire or the fly.
Yann Martel, The High Mountains of Portugal|Abortion is not allowedbecause apparently it is against the law of god.Yes, that butter-wouldn't-melt deitywho ordered babies to be slaughtered,killed all the first-born in EgyptAnd caused an entire human race to drown.From: "Gesels van een imaginaire god"(Scourges of an imaginary god)
Celeste Cooper, WINTER DEVOTIONS (Broken Body, Wounded Spirit: Balancing the See-Saw of Chronic Pain|May our spirit fill us with understanding of victory and defeat, the gift of collaboration, the wisdom to choose the right path, and opportunities that inspire hope.
Christopher Brookmyre, A Big Boy Did It and Ran Away|Just for a while": Death's opening chat-up line in His great seduction, before he drugged you with soporific comforts, distracted you with minor luxuries and ensnared you with long-term payment plans.Join the Rat Race "just for a while."Concentrate on your career "just for a while."Move in with your girlfriend "just for a while."Find a bigger place, out in the burbs "just for a while."Lie down in that wooden box "just for a while.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Covenant|Hell, right now my only weapons were Obnoxious and Snark, and I intended to use them whenever possible.
Dada Bhagwan|Once you understand the innate nature (relative self, prakruti) of the other person, you can remain in an attachment-free state with that person. It is Knowledge (Gnan) to understand the innate nature of a person, and once Knowledge arises, so will conduct.
Benjamin Franklin, Poor Richard's Almanack|Love your Enemies, for they tell you your Faults.
Neal Shusterman, Everwild|Heaven wheels above you, displaying to you her eternal glories, and still your eyes are on the ground
Mike Klepper|Some words we use all the time are difficult to define when we actually have to think about them. We use the word “evil” all the time but when asked to define what we are talking about, it can be quite difficult. Think about evil as you would think of counterfeit currency. A counterfeit is the corruption of something real. You can have real currency without the existence of any counterfeits. You cannot, however, have counterfeits without the real thing existing first. Evil is dependent on the existence of goodness but goodness is not dependent on evil. Goodness was there first. It is an absolute. Evil must always be thought of in relationship with absolute goodness.
Ludwig van Beethoven, Beethoven's Letters|The true artist is not proud, he unfortunately sees that art has no limits; he feels darkly how far he is from the goal; and though he may be admired by others, he is sad not to have reached that point to which his better genius only appears as a distant, guiding sun. I would, perhaps, rather come to you and your people, than to many rich folk who display inward poverty.
Siobhan Davis, Destiny Rising|We've all changed; shaped by circumstances we've been thrust into, molded by the choices we've made.
Justin Chon|When we believe the best of people, we let go of each thing they do that is hurtful to us. And we choose to think things like, 'I don't believe they meant to hurt me.' 'Maybe they're having a bad day or don't feel well.' 'They probably don't even realize how they sound.'
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Create an opportunity for change to have way in your attitude and lifestyle. Sometimes, it not us, but our perceptions scare away change!
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Today, a lot of people, businesses, countries and even churches have their dreams sleeping in the belly of the shark where they are starved because they chose the wrong path although they know the right destination! The consequence is "becoming uncomfortable" because you refuse to let your dreams go to let "Niviveh"!
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|It is a curious thing, watching a strong man fall to pieces.
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|Her room was warm and lightsome. A huge doll sat with her legs apart in the copious easy-chair beside the bed. He tried to bid his tongue speak that he might seem at ease, watching her as she undid her gown, noting the proud conscious movements of her perfumed head.As he stood silent in the middle of the room she came over to him and embraced him gaily and gravely. Her round arms held him firmly to her and he, seeing her face lifted to him in serious calm and feeling the warm calm rise and fall of her breast, all but burst into hysterical weeping. Tears of joy and relief shone in his delighted eyes and his lips parted though they would not speak.She passed her tinkling hand through his hair, calling him a little rascal.—Give me a kiss, she said.His lips would not bend to kiss her. He wanted to be held firmly in her arms, to be caressed slowly, slowly, slowly. In her arms he felt that he had suddenly become strong and fearless and sure of himself. But his lips would not bend to kiss her.With a sudden movement she bowed his head and joined her lips to his and he read the meaning of her movements in her frank uplifted eyes. It was too much for him. He closed his eyes, surrendering himself to her, body and mind, conscious of nothing in the world but the dark pressure of her softly parting lips. They pressed upon his brain as upon his lips as though they were the vehicle of a vague speech; and between them he felt an unknown and timid pressure, darker than the swoon of sin, softer than sound or odour.
Dang Nghiem, Healing: A Woman's Journey from Doctor to Nun|When I missed the physical body of my partner, I meditated on its parts, tossed by the waves, torn, dispersed, and deteriorated. When memories of our lives together became acute and intense, I breathed. I breathed through each wave of yearning, of regret, of guilt, of what-could-have-been. Every time I asked him, “Where are you?” A quiet voice immediately responded, “I am here. I have never left you.” I did not only lose a partner. I lost my childhood all over again. I lost my soul mate. I lost the accepting father and the gentle mother that he was to me. I lost the dream of a “normal life,” which I had tried so hard to achieve. Now I had to face my own mind.
Charles de Lint, What the Mouse Found and Other Stories|When you're touched by magic, nothing's ever quite the same again. What really makes me sad is all those people who never have the chance to know that touch. They're too busy, or they just don't hold with make-believe, so they shut the door without really knowing it was there to be opened in the first place.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island|There is so much in the world for us if we only have the eyes to see it, and the heart to love it, and the hand to gather it ourselves- so much in men and women, so much in art and literature, so much everywhere in which to delight, and for which to be thankful for.
Maggie Gallagher|I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind; yet, strange, I am ungrateful to those teachers.
Bob Hoskins|Having a sweet, wide-eyed, awkward character is more charming and allows for more range. If you come from anger, you're going to reach a ceiling very quickly.
Kate Winslet|If a work of art is rich and vital and complete, those who have artistic instincts will see its beauty, and those to whom ethics appeal more strongly than aesthetics will see its moral lesson. It will fill the cowardly with terror, and the unclean will see in it their own shame.
Plato, The Republic|Musical innovation is full of danger to the State, for when modes of music change, the fundamental laws of the State always change with them.
Ninotchka Rosca, State of War|He saw clearly, immediately, that the man didn't care about the gift's value, didn't care about the gift even, but cared profoundly for the act of receiving as though the gift were a tribute, a confirmation of his self, his being, his reality. He found no pleasure in what he was taking but in the act of taking itself.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Gaps: Bridging Multiple Gaps to Run Cohesive Digital Business|All leaders need to ask questions, but they also need to assist in providing answers, to bridge the gap between questions and answers.
Jody Hedlund, An Uncertain Choice|Service that is purely self serving, becomes a vice.Do not serve, vice.
Francis Bacon|One should live between extravagance and meanness. Don't save money by starving your mind. It is false economy never to take a holiday, or never to spend money for an evening's amusement or for a useful book.
Theresa Breslin|I admire 'Adventure Time' for being a piece of art in the way that I think art should be. If you want to see it is poetry, you can, and if you don't, you can watch a fun cartoon.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|There is an easy way of finding the job to be done today, just look around your environment; take note of the places that need cleaning and the places that need decoration; do one at a time!
Daisaku Ikeda|The institutions of human society treat us as parts of a machine. They assign us ranks and place considerable pressure upon us to fulfill defined roles. We need something to help us restore our lost and distorted humanity. Each of us has feelings that have been suppressed and have built up inside. There is a voiceless cry resting in the depths of our souls, waiting for expression. Art gives the soul's feelings voice and form.
J.Z. Bingham, Isle of Mystery: Eyes of The King|Things used to be easy. Flip a switch? On goes the light. Press a button? You’re calling your parents. Swipe a credit card? You just paid for lunch. Easy, simple, convenient. Nothing is like that anymore
Anne Rice|Sadness, it was such an arresting emotion. You could almost convince yourself of the rhyme and reason of heartbreak.
George Santayana|The muffled syllables that Nature speaksFill us with deeper longing for her word; She hides a meaning that the spirit seeks,She makes a sweeter music than is heard.
Terry Goodkind, Confessor|Be an independent thinker at all times, and ignore anyone who attempts to define you in a limiting way.
A.E. Coppard, Dusky Ruth: And Other Stories|I brought a picture with me that I had at home, of a girl in a swing with a castle and pretty blue bubbles in the background, to hang in my room, but that nurse here said the girl was naked from the waist up and not appropriate. You know, I've had that picture for fifty years and I never knew she was naked. If you ask me, I don't think the old men they've got here can see well enough to notice that she's bare-breasted. But, this is a Methodist home, so she's in the closet with my gallstones.
Peter Blauner, The Intruder|Hello, my name is Jaako and I am an addict. I am addicted to reading.
Richard Armitage|Oprah is so bright, and her intelligence is so piercing that I don't think anyone who spends a few minutes with her isn't struck by that.
Jeanne Wakatsuki Houston|How kind of you to pay us a call, Uncle,” came the biting lash of Sebastian’s voice. “Come to offer us felicitations, have you?” “I’ve come to collect my niece,” Peregrine snarled. “She is promised to my son. Your illicit marriage will not stan
Jeff Wheeler, The Wretched of Muirwood|There's a lid for every pot.If you don't get out much, they'll have a wreck in yard.NOTHING will keep your soulmate from you.You have EVERY hope for love.
John Simon|Art for art's sake, money for God's sake.
Clint Black|Right now, computers, which are supposed to be our servant, are oppressing us.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Feminists who accept the claim made in The Book of Genesis, and, that God is a he, need to make their minds up.
Heather O'Neill|memories were tricky things…they weren’t stable. they changed with perception over time. …they shifted, and [she] understood how the passage of time affected them. the hard working striver might recall his childhood as one filled with misery and hardship marred by the cat calls and mae calling of playground bullies, but later, have a much more forgiving understanding of past injustices. the handmade clothes he had been forced to wear, became a testament to his mother’s love. each patch and stitch a sign of her diligence, instead of a brand of poverty. he would remember father staying up late to help him with his homework – the old old man’s patience and dedication, instead of the sharpness of his temper when he returned home – late- from the factory. it went the other way as well.[she] had scanned thousands of memories of spurned women, whose handsome lovers turned ugly and rude. roman noses, perhaps too pointed. eyes growing small and mean. while the oridnary looking boys who had become their husbands, grew in attractiveness as the years passed, so that when asked if it was love at first site, the women cheerfully answered yes. memories were moving pictures in which meaning was constantly in flux. they were stories people told themselves.
Laurie R. King|That's what tears are for, you know, to wash away the fear and cool the hate.
Shannon L. Alder|gratitudenoun \ˈgra-tə-ˌtüd, -ˌtyüd\ 1. The word thrown in your face by people who covet what you want and believe that your lack of contentment is a sin. Often, these people believe success is what you have already and obtaining anything else is optional, but not required.
Maureen Garvie, Amy by Any Other Name|I knew nothing. Now I've seen what a raw deal lots of other people like Krystal get. And it's not their fault. Not their choice. People don't get to choose what body they're put into. Like, people get born into bodies in the middle of a genocide war in Darfur, and they don't get to worry about how tall they are or whether they'll ever be able to row. They're too busy worrying about how they're going to stay alive for another day.
Nikki Rowe|My favourite conversations are those with the universe, I speak all that I am and the most beautiful response flies a shooting star across the sky, it's proof ~ vibrations of light have the capacity to change our world.
Anthony T. Hincks|If better were within, better would come out.
Arnold J. Toynbee|What I love about the stories of the Great Migration is that this is not ancient history; this is living history. Most people of color can find someone in their own family who had experienced a migration of some kind, knowing the sense of dislocation, longing and fortitude.
Andy Couturier, A Different Kind of Luxury: Japanese Lessons in Simple Living and Inner Abundance|If you don't have a whole lot of unsatisfied people, the economy stops dead, doesn't it?
Ben Okri, A Way of Being Free|In a fractured age, when cynicism is god, here is a possible heresy: we live by stories, we also live in them. One way or another we are living the stories planted in us early or along the way, we are also living the stories we planted - knowingly or unknowingly - in ourselves. We live the stories that either give our lives meaning, or negate it with meaninglessness. If we change the stories we live by, quite possibly we change or lives.
Mamur Mustapha|History has always been violent, unstoppable and bound to happen; either with or without you. Acknowledge it.
Lisa Kleypas, Tempt Me at Twilight|It was a kiss to level mountains and shake stars from the sky. It was a kiss to make angels faint and demons weep...a passionate, demanding, soul-searing kiss that nearly knocked the earth off its axis.
Demi Moore|Industrialization based on machinery, already referred to as a characteristic of our age, is but one aspect of the revolution that is being wrought by technology.
Anthony Liccione|A house is never small or empty, when filled with love.
Mary Abshire, Immortal Revenge|I want to pick up a few other items at the house,” Jules said as Katie stepped around the car. “I still have my roller skates and yours in my closet.”Katie opened the door and paused, staring at Jules.“What?” Jules asked.“Are you serious? Our lives are in danger and you want to get our roller skates?
Douglas Alexander|I think everyone has shame about something, whether it's a lack of a relationship with a child or maybe their weight or a lack of communication within their marriage. Everyone can relate to that because we all have something that we're like, 'God, I can work on that,' or, 'I wish I was better at doing this.'
Dave Barry|If you had to identify, in one word, the reason why the human race has not achieved, and never will achieve, its full potential, that word would be 'meetings.
Shannon L. Alder|Truth is never a straight line; it is a circle that will take you back to what you know, in order to challenge your belief in what is fair, what is real, what is forgiveable, what is not and what type of person will you become today now that you know.
Hannah Moskowitz, Teeth|You're absolved," I tell him.He brings his eyes back up to mine. There's no fucking way he knows what that word means. That's a word I dream someone will say to me.So I put it in his language. "You're free.
Adlai E. Stevenson|What's really cool about our family is that we don't hold grudges, and I think that is what's been the key to the success. We get into our little disagreements, and whether we're right or wrong, we'll go and apologize. That's just the way we are.
H. James Harrington|We really have to understand the person we want to love. If our love is only a will to possess, it is not love. If we only think of ourselves, if we know only our own needs and ignore the needs of the other person, we cannot love. We must look deeply in order to see and understand the needs, aspirations, and suffering of the person we love. This is the ground of real love. You cannot resist loving another person when you really understand him or her.From time to time, sit close to the one you love, hold his or her hand, and ask, 'Darling, do I understand you enough? Or am I making you suffer? Please tell me so that I can learn to love you properly. I don't want to make you suffer, and if I do so because of my ignorance, please tell me so that I can love you better, so that you can be happy." If you say this in a voice that communicates your real openness to understand, the other person may cry.That is a good sign, because it means the door of understanding is opening and everything will be possible again. Maybe a father does not have time or is not brave enough to ask his son such a question. Then the love between them will not be as full as it could be. We need courage to ask these questions, but if we don't ask, the more we love, the more we may destroy the people we are trying to love. True love needs understanding. With understanding, the one we love will certainly flower.
Kathleen Sheeder Bonanno, Slamming Open the Door|And when I stand in the receiving linelike Jackie Kennedywithout the pillbox hat,if Jackie were fat and had taken enough Klonopinto still an ox,and you whisperI think of youdon't finish withbecause I've been going to Weight Watcherson Tuesdays and wonder 
Sharon Salzberg|It may almost be a question whether such wisdom as many of us have in our mature years has not come from the dying out of the power of temptation, rather than as the results of thought and resolution.
Rick Lambert|I believe marriage was designed to do what only marriage can do - point us to Jesus by modeling his love for us. This, though, isn’t easy or even preferable. This means the sin in us, the pride and selfishness and anger and stubbornness and greed and lust in us, will be revealed through our partner. A spouse can help us grow in a way that no one else in this world can.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you do not tell me, I don’t wish to know.
Anmol Rawat, A Little Chorus of Love|Some people come in your life and make you believe that your life is incomplete without them. Then they leave, creating a void in your heart that may fill back with time but will never be complete.
George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows|Every man should lose a battle in his youth, so he does not lose a war when he is old.
Jane Green, Family Pictures|You discover something so awful, so life-changing, the only way you can cope is to jump straight into denial.
Daniel Kahneman, Thinking, Fast and Slow|Barley porridge, or a crust of barley bread, and water do not make a very cheerful diet, but nothing gives one keener pleasure than having the ability to derive pleasure even from that-- and the feeling of having arrived at something which one cannot be deprived of by any unjust stroke of fortune.
Helmut Newton|Sense the blessings of the earth in the perfect arc of a ripe tangerine, the taste of warm, fresh bread, the circling flight of birds, the lavender color of the sky shining in a late afternoon rain puddle, the million times we pass other beings in our cars and shops and out among the trees without crashing, conflict, or harm.
George Bernard Shaw|Marriage is an alliance entered into by a man who can't sleep with the window shut, and a woman who can't sleep with the window open.
Jamaica Kincaid|I adore gardening and plan to take it up properly when I have a bit more time on my hands. Until then, I love pottering in garden centres. I'm totally low maintenance. I don't ask for fancy plants, just basic, long-lasting shrubs that look nice. But I am particular about flowers.
Emily Robison|I never told a victim story about my imprisonment. Instead, I told a transformation story - about how prison changed my outlook, about how I saw that communication, truth, and trust are at the heart of power.
Ane Krstevska|I will not try to make you love me, to respect me or commit yourself to me. Bye.
Amit Trivedi, Riding The Roller Coaster: Lessons from financial market cycles we repeatedly forget|In a bull market, everyone becomes an expert! In a bear market, everyone becomes wise!
johnathon trooper|I may not beleive in God, but I believe in guilt and no one wants to dick around with eternity, even if it isn't there.
Namsoon Kang, Cosmopolitan Theology: Reconstituting Planetary Hospitality, Neighbor-Love, and Solidarity in an Uneven World|Cosmopolitan discourse emphasizes the _cosmic belonging_ of all individual human beings as the ground of our hospitality, solidarity, justice and neighbor-love. Cosmopolitan discourse is about turning a _compassionate gaze_ onto others regardless of one's nationality and citizenship, origin of birth, religion, gender; race and ethnicity, sexuality, or ability
Alison Kemper, Donna of the Dead|S’up?” he asks. My voice rattles when I answer. “N-not much. You know, reanimated corpses chasing me on a cruise ship. Same old.
Kemi Sogunle|Honesty is one of the key elements to a great relationship. If you cannot be honest with your partner, stay single.
Benjamin Suulola|When you are overwhelmed by your circumstances and it seems things are getting tougher, remember that God is still faithful and His faithfulness endures forever.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Two married partners do not just live with each other, they live in each other, neurologically speaking.
Ervin Staub, The Roots of Evil|Very well. He'd lighten up. As a matter of fact, he felt as light as the bubbly froth that flew from the lips of the waves. Whatever else his long, unprecedented life might have been, it had been fun. Fun! If others should find that appraisal shallow, frivolous, so be it. To him, it seemed now to largely have been some form of play. And he vowed that in the future he would strive to keep that sense of play more in mind, for he'd grown convinced that play--more than piety, more than charity or vigilance--was what allowed human beings to transcend evil.
Igor Eliseev, One-Two|People! Please. Listen. Our life, our bodies are the most authentic clinical record ever! Why do you have to ask for any other one, alien, fake, distorted by illegible handwriting belonging to someone who has never been us and has never tried to understand us? Do you think that is right?
W. H. Auden|To be alive, to be able to see, to walk, to have houses, music, paintings - it's all a miracle. I have adopted the technique of living life miracle to miracle.
James Gavin|Among leaders who have made the greatest impact through ages, I would consider Muhammad before Jesus Christ.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Perception can be one-sided or variant: "Glass half empty or half full." There usually is more than one way of perceiving. Thoroughly check your inner dialogue.
Peter Guber|Long-term, we must begin to build our internal strengths. It isn't just skills like computer technology. It's the old-fashioned basics of self-reliance, self-motivation, self-reinforcement, self-discipline, self-command.
Helen Hayes|I have a musical called Goodbye and Good Luck, based on a Grace Paley short story. I also have King Island Christmas, and there are 20 different productions of it this year.
Adi Rule, Strange Sweet Song|Maybe I'm not so different from everyone else after all. It's like somebody gave me a puzzle, but I don't have the box with the picture on it. So I don't know what the final thing is supposed to look like. I'm not even sure if I have all the pieces.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|When in court, the primary role of lawyers is not to prove or disprove innocence; unbeknown to almost all lawyers and their clients, it is to save the court time.
Sunday Adelaja|If you know who you are, this knowledge will attract people in all types of situation and circumstances to support your intentions and ideas
David Paul Kirkpatrick, The Address Of Happiness|A mile below the lowest cloud, rock breaches water and the sea begins.It has been given many names. Each inlet and bay and stream has been classified as if it were discrete. But it is one thing, where borders are absurd. It fills the space between stones and sand, curling around coastlines and filling trenches between the continents.
Joel Edgerton|I make an enormous amount of salads, but my salads are like meals. They're amazing. I like going down to the farmers' market and looking to see whatever you can find, because you can put anything in a salad.
Cambria Hebert, #Hater|ANTHONY: Women don't like to be told what to do. They like to be the ones telling us what to do. You want her to do something, you're gonna have to go about it a different way
Cornelia Funke, Inkheart|It [the book] was spinning a magic spell around her heart, sticky as a spider's web and enchantingly beautiful..
Megan Hilty|The whole point of art school is that you're going to be able to have nudes all day long and a teacher who is there to move you. It's great. I did a tiny bit in the one school in Paris, and it was wonderful because you'd have a nude taking a crazy position, and you'd have 10 seconds to do a drawing. Then you'd do a one-minute drawing.
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|I may not have been completely honest about that.""You? Less than truthful? I'm shocked, Nikolai. Shocked and horrified.
Linda Morris, By Hook or By Crook|Blake smiled while greeting him and turned to introduce me to his friend from Camp Lejeune. Blake made the formal introductions while I studied the two distinguished men. I liked the way they both carried themselves in a dignified manner with confidence, but not too much that they seemed arrogant. I was fascinated by them. Sleek. Forget eye candy. These two are like eye caffeine. I feel energized just looking at them.
James Patterson, Fang|So the first thing we're gonna do," I told him, "is push you off the roof.
Hosea Ballou|The sea, once it casts its spell, holds one in its net of wonder forever.
Joel Osteen|We've never been people that go around and confront people that have been financially successful and say, 'We hate you. We envy you because of how well you're doing.'
George F. Will|Accountability is the essence of democracy. If people do not know what their government is doing, they cannot be truly self-governing. The national security state assumes the government secrets are too important to be shared, that only those in the know can see classified information, that only the president has all the facts, that we must simply trust that our rulers of acting in our interest.
Mary Oliver|In terms of my marriage, you know, falling in love with my husband was by far the best thing that's ever happened to me.
Desmond Tutu, The Book of Forgiving: The Fourfold Path for Healing Ourselves and Our World|It is a remarkable feat to be able to see past the inhumanity of the behavior and recognize the humanity of the person committing the atrocious acts. This is not weakness. This is heroic strength, the noblest strength of the human spirit.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Renewed hope followed renewed effort: It shone like the former for some weeks, then, like it, faded, flickered: Not a line, not a word reached me. When half a year wasted in vain expectancy, my hope died out, and then I felt dark indeed.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|Bones are patient. Bones never tire nor do they run away. When you come upon a man who has been dead many years, his bones will still be lying there, in place, content, patiently waiting, but his flesh will have gotten up and left him. Water is like flesh. Water will not stand still. It is always off to somewhere else; restless, talkative, and curious. Even water in a covered jar will disappear in time. Flesh is water. Stones are like bones. Satisfied. Patient. Dependable. Tell me, then, Alobar, in order to achieve immortality, should you emulate water or stone? Should you trust your flesh or your bones?
Robert K. Massie, Catherine the Great: Portrait of a Woman|Books were her refuge. Having set herself to learn the Russian language, she read every Russian book she could find. But French was the language she preferred, and she read French books indiscriminately, picking up whatever her ladies-in-waiting happened to be reading. She always kept a book in her room and carried another in her pocket.
Helen Keller|Immortality may be impossible, but imagine what humanity could learn if we all lived 700 years. We could travel deep into utopia and beyond.
The Hippie, Snowflake Obsidian: Memoir of a Cutter|There is something sustaining in the very agitation that accompanies the first shocks of trouble, just as an acute pain is often a stimulus, and produces an excitement which is transient strength. It is in the slow, changed life that follows--in the time when sorrow has become stale, and has no longer an emotive intensity that counteracts its pain--in the time when day follows day in dull unexpectant sameness, and trial is a dreary routine--it is then that despair threatens; it is then that the peremptory hunger of the soul is felt, and eye and ear are strained after some unlearned secret of our existence, which shall give to endurance the nature of satisfaction.
Henrietta Newton Martin -Senior Legal Consultant & Author in law. (B.Com,LLB-goldmedalist, LLM-GoldM|The beauty of the cross and our crucified Lord cannot be easily fathomed by human mind or by barely reading scriptures in bits, but by careful reading of entire scripture in the spirit which will in turn engulf one with wisdom n love.
Alastair Reynolds|It takes courage to own up your actions that hurt others, to look Into the eye and to mean the sorry, To accept the mistake and not deny, all of this needs courage.
Michelle Pfeiffer|The records of adopted children are sealed in California. That seal is considered inviolable... The judge ruled that, because I was famous, he didn't have the same rights as other kids.
Fulton J. Sheen|The danger today is in believing there are no sick people, there is only a sick society.
Mike  Norton, Just Another War Story|One of the greatest evils is the foolishness of a good man. For the giving man to withhold helping someone in order to first assure personal fortification is not selfish, but to elude needless self-destruction; martyrdom is only practical when the thought is to die, else a good man faces the consequence of digging a hole from which he cannot escape, and truly helps no one in the long run.
Debasish Mridha|You are a leader if your vision, mission, and actions inspire others to emulate you or follow your path.
Oksana Rus|Soft on the neck of either dove love's hands let slip the reins: and while we look for light of love, love's twilight wanes...
Mehmet Murat ildan|The universe seems neither benign nor hostile, merely indifferent to the concerns of such puny creatures as we are.
Pamela Clare, Breaking Point|Got enough leg room there, Rossiter?" Marc asked."You bet. If not I'll just make use of the overhead bin.
Mary Potter Kenyon, Mary & Me: A Lasting Link Through Ink|We put on a pot of tea, a necessity between these two writing friends. Wecould no more imagine writing without this hot sustenance than we couldwithout pen and paper. We sat at the table to talk shop, sort through ournotes, and make plans for the book. Then we settled down in the sunroom,giggling a little at the unexpected absurdity of our activity, editingwithin arm’s reach of each other, like toddlers at parallel play.
Sherry Thomas, Beguiling the Beauty|The next minute he realized what had happened to him, but not before she’d caught him staring.For a decade, I was fixated by her beauty. I wrote an entire article on the evolutionary significance of beauty as a rebuke to myself, that I, who understood the concepts so well, nevertheless could not escape the magnetic pull of one particular woman’s beauty.She knew. With surgical precision, she had peeled back his layers of defenses, until his heart lay bare before her, all its shame and yearning exposed.He could have lived with this if only he’d kept his secret whole and buried. But she knew. She knew.
Oliver Markus Malloy, Bad Choices Make Good Stories - Going to New York|When I was, like thirteen I thought it would be really cool to be a prostitute... I Thought It was like handsome guys would take you out on these romantic dates and you´d fuck them and then they´d pay you...
Evan S. Connell|But death is not easy, and life can win by simulating it.
Arthur Levine, Generation on a Tightrope: A Portrait of Today's College Student|Does writing exist for the typewriter, or the typewriter for writing? . . . the invention of the computer would one day make [the] argument obsolete . . . technologies exist for humans, and not vice versa.
Fernando Pessoa, The Selected Prose of Fernando Pessoa|The world is full of alluring, flashy and thrilling experiences, which are illusionary traps — they are paths to nowhere.
Will Schwalbe, The End of Your Life Book Club|We are stronger than stigma, but until more celebrity role models openly discuss mental illness we will still be stereotyped as less than capable, by an upside down world that thinks reality television is actually normal behavior.
Bill Bryson, The Lost Continent: Travels in Small Town America|[Traveling] makes you realize what an immeasurably nice place much of America could be if only people possessed the same instinct for preservation as they do in Europe. You would think the millions of people who come to Williamsburg every year would say to each other, "Gosh, Bobbi, this place is beautiful. Let's go home to Smellville and plant lots of trees and preserve all the fine old buildings." But in fact that never occurs to them. They just go back and build more parking lots and Pizza Huts.
Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem|I've always considered writing the most hateful kind of work. I suspect it's a bit like fucking, which is only fun for amateurs. Old whores don't do much giggling.
Kim Cattrall|What is important is to treat everyone like an individual and learning not to generalize autism. With autism, people make assumptions, but it's very broad, and everyone's so different. You have to treat each person as an individual.
Nikki Rowe|Don't you dare feel guilty for letting those who dim your light, go. Not everyone you meet deserves to be a character in your story.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|Rudy handed it back. "Speaking of which, I think we're both slightly in for it when we get home. You especially.""Why me?""You know- your mama.""What about her?" Liesel was exercising the blatant right of every person who's ever belonged to a family. It's all very well for such a person to whine and moan and criticize other family members, but they won't let anyone else do it. That's when you get your back up and show loyalty.
C.S. Lewis|Redeemed humanity is still young, it has hardly come to its full strength. But already there is joy enough in the little finger of a great saint such as yonder lady to waken all the dead things of the universe into life.
Roxanne Snopek, Finding Home|The smoke burns slightly down my throat and to my lungs. I focus on this, and empty my head, empty the images of Skye’s beautiful face all bruised up. In the end, I can’t even give her what she’s rightfully asking. A kiss. Just a fucking kiss on her lips. Even that I’m unable to do. It’d be pathetic if our situation and our past weren’t so tragic. I take another drag of my cigarette and watch the smoke swirling in the room only lit by the moonlight. — Duke
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Fiction gives us empathy: It puts us inside the minds of other people, gives us the gift of seeing through their eyes. Fiction is a lie that tells us true things, over and over.
Akira Kurosawa|IT IS QUITE ENOUGH IF A HUMAN BEING HAS BUT ONE FIELD WHERE HE OR SHE IS STRONG. IF A HUMAN BEING WERE STRONG IN EVERY FIELD, IT WOULDN'T BE NICE FOR OTHER PEOPLE, WOULD IT?
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|The art is not one of forgetting but letting go. And when everything else is gone, you can be rich in loss.
Jessa Crispin, Why I Am Not a Feminist: A Feminist Manifesto|Once value-laden facts become acceptable, then things like "racist facts" become acceptable, too – and then it becomes acceptable to reject any factual statement not because it is false, but because it is "racist”. Thus, any Obama-esque "national conversation about race" becomes impossible.
Charles Dance|My two interests are spirituality and politics. I would mesh them in some way; maybe try to figure out the politics of spirituality, or the spirituality of politics. Or maybe come up with this really crazy naive solution for the end of civilization.
Vanessa Hudgens|Kissing someone is pretty intimate, actually very intimate, and your heart always kind of skips a beat before you do that.
William Shakespeare|There's a tide in the affairs of men, which taken at the flood, leads onto fortune, omitted, all their voyages end in shallows and miseries. Upon such tide are we now...
Dave Barry|I would always encourage people of any age not to be so quick to follow other people's truths but to search and follow your own moral code and live by your own integrity, and mostly just be brave.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|No wonder kids grow up crazy. A cat's cradle is nothing but a bunch of X's between somebody's hands, and little kids look and look and look at all those X's . . ."	"And?"	"No damn cat, and no damn cradle.
Lailah Gifty Akita|New morning, new moment of miracles.
Elizabeth Strout, Olive Kitteridge|She understood that Simon was a disappointed man if he needed, at ths age, to tell her he had pitied her for years.
Abbas Al-Akkad|Telling me I’m pretty is nice and all, but if you really want to make my day, tell me I inspired you to read a book. Say you picked up a novel I’ve raved about and that you fell in love with it, too. Or tell me the time we spent reading aloud together was one of your favorite moments. Ask me to read to you, and beg for another chapter. This will fill me with indescribable joy and purpose.And if you really want to make me speechless with wonder, tell me it was MY words and MY story you enjoyed. Tell me you shed tears over the things my characters went through, and that you’re just a little bit in love with them, too. I might never recover. I will carry those words around in my heart for the rest of my life, like a talisman against all past and future criticisms.That’s how important stories are to me.
Dionna L. Hayden|The middle [those rough patches that come before the completion of our milestones] is only a temporal place, never settle there or cut corners to get out!
Ethel Barrymore|I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.
Philip Yancey, Reaching for the Invisible God: What Can We Expect to Find?|The way I figure it, everyone gets a miracle. Like, I will probably never get struck by lightning, or win a Nobel Prize, or become the dictator of a small nation in the Pacific Islands, or contract terminal ear cancer, or spontaneously combust. But if you consider all the unlikely things together, at least one of them will probably happen to each of us.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Why did you throw sand when I just told you not to?"What child says, "Hmm, why did I? I guess there's no good reason. Thanks for pointing that out. It won't happen again.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|I wondered what happened when you offered yourself to someone, and they opened you, only to discover you were not the gift they expected and they had to smile and nod and say thank you all the same.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Most men either compromise or drop their greatest talents and start running after, what they perceive to be, a more reasonable success, and somewhere in between they end up with a discontented settlement. Safety is indeed stability, but it is not progression.
Oriana Fallaci|i live on my books. on my writings, i live on my royalties: the percentage an author recieves on each sold copy. and i am proud of it. i am so even though such percentage is small or i should say irrelevant.
Luis Buñuel, My Last Sigh|What am I to God? Nothing, a murky shadow. My passage on this earth is too rapid to leave any traces; it counts for nothing in space or in time. God really doesn't pay any attention to us, so even if he exists, it's as if he didn't. My form of atheism, however, leads inevitably to an acceptance of the inexplicable. Mystery is inseparable from chance, and our whole universe is a mystery. Since I reject the idea of a divine watchmaker (a notion even more mysterious than the mystery it supposedly explains), then I must consent to live in a kind of shadowy confusion. And insofar as no explication, even the simplest, works for everyone, I've chosen my mystery. At least it keeps my moral freedom intact.
Nick Harkaway, The Blind Giant|In Europe the rich are refined enough to act as if they're not wealthy. That is how civilized people behave. If you ask me, being cultured and civilized is not about everyone being free and equal; it's about everyone being refined enough to act as if they were. Then no one has to feel guilty.
Julien Smith, The Flinch|Behind every flinch is a fear or an anxiety - sometimes rational, sometimes not. Without the fear, there is no flinch. But wiping out the fear isn't what's important - facing it is.
Ted Tally, Terra Nova|I, too, had set out to be remembered. I had wanted to create something permanent in my life- some proof that everything in its way mattered, that working hard mattered, that feeling things mattered, that even sadness and loss mattered, because it was all part of something that would live on. But I had also come to recognize that not everything needs to be durable. the lesson we have yet to learn from dogs, that could sustain us, is that having no apprehension of the past or future is not limiting but liberating. Rin Tin Tin did not need to be remembered in order to be happy; for him, it was always enough to have that instant when the sun was soft, when the ball was tossed and caught, when the beloved rubber doll was squeaked. Such a moment was complete in itself, pure and sufficient.
Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase|Young people feel things so deeply, don't they?' she said quietly, almost to herself. 'Everything's happening for the first time.
John Eldredge|She'll be a fierce woman, that one. It'll take a hell of a man to love her right. Be like living with a thunderstorm. Same as her mother. A fierce woman. Force of nature. The kind of woman you just hand on for the ride. The most exciting and the most heartbreaking woman you could ever meet. They don't know their own minds most of the time, but their hearts are so damn big it hurts em inside.
Nile Rodgers|It takes years for me to trust; I know that about myself. A lot of it is because I am so private, and so reluctant to make myself vulnerable.
Arthur Machen, The Terror|We have just begun to navigate a strange region; we must expect to encounter strange adventures, strange perils.
Alice Mattison, Men Giving Money, Women Yelling: Intersecting Stories|When a man I like touches my arm or my hair, I want to know if he'll touch the center of me, and whatever I learned in school--I went to school for a long time--I seem to believe that my center can be reached best with the tip of a penis....
Kim Kardashian|I tried to tell them about the dating process because I'm single now and how horrible it is and how many foolish experiences I had had dating. So I was really selling him hard, but the whole time he really wanted me!
Ambika Devi|People are like vines that grow upwards to the Sun in the heavens. Our ascent is inspired by seeking a deep connection with the divine. When we are attracted to others, we are attracted to a spark of the divine that is a reflection of our true being.
Dayo Forster, Reading the Ceiling|A man walks fast along the forecourt of the station towards a gate, moving towards a train that's about to leave. I get shivery all over as I watch the back of his head, which is about Yuan's height, with hair and a neckline just like his. My eyes tell me what my mind knows cannot be true. I follow him along seeking the one thing that would confirm him as someone else. The man turns his head slightly to talk to a train official. I can see his nose in profile. My eyes sting.
B.J. Novak, One More Thing: Stories and Other Stories|The lily and the poem made it all real for me; now I knew my memories would stay with me forever. I held the lily and the poem to my heart, and concluded that my life was not a series of sand castles. There was meaning to life, and precious memories even amidst the sadness.
Stephanie S. Covington, Beyond Trauma: A Healing Journey For Women|Part of the process in healing from trauma, like recovering from addiction, is developing connection and support with others.
Anna  Bennett, My Brown-Eyed Earl|Blessed desire gripped her nether parts as her passion inflamed. Helen shamelessly rocked her hips from side to side. "My, you have turned me into a wanton woman."	"And that's a bad thing?" His voice grew deeper with each word.
Dan Garfat-Pratt, Citations: A Brief Anthology|The prisoner of doubt ends his stint [through suicide], released to the custody of that final question mark which punctuates every life sentence.
Neil Harbisson|The driver of a racing car is a component. When I first began, I used to grip the steering wheel firmly, and I changed gear so hard that I damaged my hand.
Sunday Adelaja|A person with victim mentality cannot find himself, his life mission, and go towards his aims
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|You have a grand gift for silence, Watson. It makes you quite invaluable as a companion.
Arthur Rimbaud, A Season in Hell/The Drunken Boat|Oh! Science! Everything has been revised. For the body and for the soul,--the viaticum,—there are medicine and philosophy,—old wives' remedies and popular songs rearranged. And the pastimes of princes and games they proscribed! Geography, cosmography, mechanics, chemistry!...Science, the new nobility! Progress. The world marches on! Why shouldn’t it turn?It is the vision of numbers. We are going toward the Spirit. There’s no doubt about it, an oracle, I tell you. I understand, and not knowing how to express myself without pagan words, I’d rather remain silent.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Hocus Pocus|The troops and their ladies had first drunk champagne. There were also remains of sandwiches, and I stepped on one, which I think was either cucumber or watercress. I scraped it off on the curbing, left it there for germs. I'll tell you this, though: No germ is going to leave the Solar System eating sissy stuff like that.Plutonium! Now there's the stuff to put hair on a microbe's chest.
Walter Wangerin Jr., As For Me And My House: Crafting Your Marriage To Last|In your attempts to heal this beloved one, the Holy Spirit finds opportunity to keep the promise of Jesus - and indeed, to heal.
Karen  Gibbs, A Gallery of Scrapbook Creations|How’s your first week so far?” Isabele asks.“Well, let me see,” I begin. “Chloe says my penmanship is shit, and I was only thirty minutes early this morning, which apparently means I’m late, but on the bright side, she thinks her non-fat, half-sweet, no-whip soy latte didn’t taste right and then she told me she’s not paying for it. Other than that, work is just fine.
Ben Elton, Meltdown|People in that crowd want to make poverty history, but NOT if they have to pay for it themselves
Jay Woodman|Through the Mud (from the book Blue Bridge)A line of robots,We approach a wall of mud,Some of us carrying flowers.The others laughBit when we enter that wallIt is the flowersThat will make us an arkTo carry us on through the darkness,Sailing throughWith our symbols the only lightUntil we flyOut over the fieldsOn the other side of midnightAnd all our wires And bits of metal fall off.-And our souls are bright again,So new and lightThey shoot up –Up to plant our brilliant flowersLike starsIn the face of heaven.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|If the statue engulfs people in fire, we should send Leo.’ ‘I love you too, man.’ ‘You know what I mean. You’re immune. Or, heck, give me some of those nice water grenades and I’ll go. Ares and I have tangled before.
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|We'll just sit here," said Barney, "and if we think of anything worth while saying we'll say it. Otherwise, not. Don't imagine you're bound to talk to me.""John Foster says," quoted Valancy, "'If you can sit in silencewith a person for half an hour and yet be entirely comfortable, youand that person can be friends. If you cannot, friends you'llnever be and you need not waste time in trying.'""Evidently John Foster says a sensible thing once in a while,"conceded Barney.
Max McKeown, #NOW: The Surprising Truth About the Power of Now|Nowists get off on getting on, so they run when they could walk, jump when they could sit and dance when they could sit at the edge. They regret inaction, so simply act.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|It hurts,” Summer cries, head shaking back and forth. “Please, make it stop.” Sweat beads on her forehead.“What hurts?” Cameron asks.“My eyes.”Summer’s eyes open. Everyone gasps. They’re no longer blue; they appear bionic, like a circuit board’s inside her eyes. Panicked now, Summer reaches for her face. “What is it? What’s wrong?
Richard Preston|The K-T impact had no evident long-lasting effect on the redwoods. It's possible that, after the impact, the redwoods sprouted up from the remains of their root systems, rising up in fairy rings in a ruined world ...
Henry Cloud|Certainly, child rearing requires many different interventions. There are times for helping, for not getting involved, or for being strict, But the real issue is this: Is what you are going being done on purpose? Or are you doing it from reasons that you do not think about, such as your own personality, childhood, need of the moment, or fears?
Marilynne Robinson, Housekeeping|Because, once alone, it is impossible to believe that one could ever have been otherwise. Loneliness is an absolute discovery.
Philip Bennett Power|The daily circumstances of life will afford us opportunities enough of glorifying God in trust, without our waiting for any extraordinary calls upon faith, our faith. Let us remember that the extraordinary circumstances of life are but few; that much of life may slip past without their occurrence; and that if we be not faithful and trusting in that which is little, we are not likely to be so in that which is great... Let our trust be reared in the humble nursery of our own daily experience, with its ever recurring little wants and trials, and sorrows; and then, when need be, it will come forth, to do such great things as are required of it.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|She was simply a young woman who believed that the man called Jesus Christ is a real person, such as those represent him who profess to have known him; and she therefore believed the man himself—believed that, when he said a thing, he entirely meant it, knowing it to be true; believed, therefore, that she had no choice but do as he told her. That man was the servant of all; therefore, to regard any honest service as degrading would be, she saw, to deny Christ, to call the life of creation's hero a disgrace. Nor was he the first servant; he did not of himself choose his life; the Father gave it him to live--sent him to be a servant, because he, the Father, is the first and greatest servant of all.
Andrew Cormier, Shamblers: The Zombie Apocalypse|You’re drunk. They’d arrest you on the spot.”	“What? There’s no law against driving a car when you’re drunk.” He swayed back and forth while he spoke. “Besides, I’m not drunk.”	“Fine, you’re not drunk, but you’ve been drinking and there is a law that says you can’t drive when you’re drunk. It’s called driving while intoxicated or driving under the influence or something like that. I’ll drive.”	“Hmmm… Never heard of it. Okay- you drive.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When you walk through the darkness, God shall be your light!.
Christiane Amanpour|I look at my people, and I look at those who control them - the political elite. And the sad thing is that the elites are just not interested in the welfare of the people.
Nicholas Sparks, Dear John|I think, that you can meet someone one day, who possesses the eyes you never had but always needed; the vision to see backwards and forwards and all around, the other wing that you need to complete your flight. And I think it can just happen, suddenly, without explanation! And then I think, it would be good to keep that person, you'll always have those eyes, and always have two wings.
Terra Harmony, Water|This couldn’t be just a lake. No real water was ever blue like that. A light breeze stirred the pin-cherry tree beside the window, ruffled the feathers of a fat sea gull promenading on the pink rocks below. The breeze was full of evergreen spice.
Holly Black, My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories|Home isn't a place, Cassie.' The memory crept up on me. 'Home is the people who love you most, the people who will always love you, forever and ever, no matter what.
Elizabeth Little|Mutli-tools are like insults, girls - you should always have one on hand.
Huseyn Raza|Nothing has changed, Claire. You're still as beautiful as you were when we met first and I am still in love with everything about you. We may be worlds apart but this doesn't keep our hearts at distance. I feel your breath in every breath of mine and I hear your heartbeat in every beat of my heart. I traveled to far away lands, rivers, forests, mountains, glaciers, deserts and skyscrapers but wherever I go I find you there. My dreams aren't illusions but visions of a beautiful yesterday; I play with your hair-locks, I kiss your eyes, I embrace your hands and you giggle in my arms blossoming like a flower. My love, you're my only reality, my only fantasy, my only celebration and my only refuge. I have waited a thousands suns and I can wait a thousand more to witness the moment you call out to me. That day you'll find me and even if I don't live up to see that day I will be with you forever, just remember me.
Atul Purohit|Somewhere there's someone who dreams of your smile, and finds in your presence that life is worthwhile. So, when you are lonely remember it's true: somebody, somewhere is thinking of you.
John Perkins|Cast away care, he that loves sorrow Lengthens not a day, nor can buy tomorrow; Money is trash, and he that will spend it, Let him drink merrily, fortune will send it.
Seanan McGuire, Discount Armageddon|Dance with me, Death, I am ready.
Roseanne Barr|I was a timid little guy when I was a kid. I used humor as a defense; I became the class clown. But deep inside, I felt real vulnerable.
Faina Ranevskaya|She was a pretty girl, with a pointed face and blue-black hair. But she was an untidy, a dusty sort of girl, and you felt that in a few years something might go wrong; she might get swollen ankles or grow a mustache.
Steven Millhauser, Little Kingdoms|He sank back into his black-and-white world, his immobile world of inanimate drawings that had been granted the secret of motion, his death-world with its hidden gift of life. But that life was a deeply ambiguous life, a conjurer's trick, a crafty illusion based on an accidental property of the retina, which retained an image for a fraction of a second after the image was no longer present. On this frail fact was erected the entire structure of the cinema, that colossal confidence game. The animated cartoon was a far more honest expression of the cinematic illusion than the so-called realistic film, because the cartoon reveled in its own illusory nature, exulted in the impossible--indeed it claimed the impossible as its own, exalted it as its own highest end, found in impossibility, in the negation of the actual, its profoundest reason for being. The animated cartoon was nothing but the poetry of the impossible--therein lay its exhilaration and its secret melancholy. For this willful violation of the actual, while it was an intoxicating release from the constriction of things, was at the same time nothing but a delusion, an attempt to outwit mortality. As such it was doomed to failure. And yet it was desperately important to smash through the constriction of the actual, to unhinge the universe and let the impossible stream in, because otherwise--well, otherwise the world was nothing but an editorial cartoon.
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|Time exists so that you can experience these flavors as deeply as possible. On the path of devotion, if you can experience even a glimmer of love, its possible to experience a little more love. When you experience that a little more, then the next degree of intensity is possible. Thus, love engenders love until you reach the point of saturation, when you totally merge with the divine love. this is what the mystics mean when they say that they plunge into the ocean of love to drown themselves.
James Thurber, The Wonderful O|But have you ever seen one?....They shook their heads. "Not Physically, no. But if you look at this passage - "Man, she liked that Bible. I'd read it and could definitely understand it's appeal, but I didn't have time for this.
Donald Van de Mark|Good, capable individuals unconsciously and consciously guard and nurture themselves and their spirits every day in all sorts of choices, large and small. Just as their lives are never static, they are rarely if ever fractured. Their morals and ethics are never cut off from the whole of their evolving beings.
Sheri E. Ragland|As long as you leave to others the responsibility to make you happy, you will always be miserable, because that is actually your job
Travis Barker|Remember when you were in school and the teacher would put a picture under an overhead projector so you could see it on the wall? God, I loved that. Tellya the truth, I used to look at that beam of light and think it was God.
Henri Matisse|I've never really had a hobby, unless you count art, which the IRS once told me I had to declare as a hobby since I hadn't made money with it.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|It would seem that something which means poverty, disorder, and violence every single day should be avoided entirely, but the desire to beget children is a natural urge.
Brenna Yovanoff|He is broken in three ways, sometimes four. I count them.-He believes himself to be human, but is not actually. At least not anymore. This is similar to the way he believes himself to be alive.-He has a grim affinity for drugs. This comes with no caveat and no parentheses. This is just a fact of life.-He is doggedly unhappy and once decided to kill himself. Sadly, he has not really stopped.-On certain occasions when these first three things have ceased to be bad enough, he loves me. The other sins are commonplace, forgivable under a big enough umbrella. This fourth is irrevocable. Unconscionable. In a word, it is utterly damning.
Jay Woodman|Enlightenment is not about cocooning one’s self, but about integrating more fully with both your self and life.
Ulli Lust, Today is the Last Day of the Rest of Your Life|Transformation of the self are related to where you are, and identity Is dependent on others.
Steve Maraboli|I share your feeling that such behavior is, in some sense, unwise or erroneous, but this does not mean that it does not occur,' Amos wrote to an American economist who complained about the description of human nature implied by 'Value Theory.' 'A theory of vision cannot be faulted for predicting optical illusions. Similarly, a descriptive theory of choice cannot be rejected on the grounds that it predicts 'irrational behavior' if the behavior in question is in fact observed.
Rosmarie Waldrop|She had locked something away,something deep inside.A truth that she had once known,but chose to forget.And she couldn't break free.So I decided to search for it.I went deep into the recess of her mindand found that secret place.And I broke in..
Ray Bradbury|The ability to "fantasize" is the ability to survive. It's wonderful to speak about this subject because there have been so many wrong-headed people dealing with it.... The so-called realists are trying to drive us insane, and I refuse to be driven insane.... We survive by fantasizing. Take that away from us and the whole damned human race goes down the drain.
Anna Seward, Original sonnets on various subjects; and odes paraphrased from Horace|Hard it is to suffer through stupid people. They make you feel sorry for them, and if your sorrow is as great as your hurt, you will allow them to go free of punishment, for their eyes are the eyes of dogs that have done wrong and know it, and are afraid.
W. E. B. Du Bois|Personally, I don't take holidays; I go on trips. My idea of relaxing is taking a trip that isn't commissioned. I'll work just as hard, but without that nagging pressure of fulfilling a commission. Now that's what I call a holiday.
Maite|Everyone has a weakness but I have two, everything you say and everything you do.
Tehya Sky, A Ceremony Called Life: When Your Morning Coffee Is as Sacred as Holy Water|The truth of who we are dissolves the illusions when they arise, simply by us not buying into them anymore. By realizing they were counterfeit bliss. By and by, oneness dissolves what was once separation.
Joyce Rachelle|When a bookworm finally decides to leave the house, perhaps to explore some literary destination in one of her novels, she will be surprised to know that there is a volatile, often antagonistic force in the real world known as the weather.
Laura Dave, The Divorce Party|I felt it. I heard the snap of my heart tearing in half. It wasn’t a messy, dirty rip like I’d expected, but a smooth, clean line that knew just where to break to hurt me the most.
Mitch Hedberg|I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|I must have had some high object in life, for I feel unbounded strength within me. But I never discovered it and was carried away by the allurements of empty, un-rewarding passions. I was tempered in their flames and came out cold and hard as steel, but I'd lost forever that fire of noble endeavour, that finest flower of life. How many time since then have I been an axe in the hands of fate? Like an engine of execution, I've descended on the heads of the condemned, often without malice, but always without pity. My love has brought no one happiness, for I've never sacrificed a thing for those I've loved. I've loved for myself, for my own pleasure, I've only tried to satisfy a strange inner need. I've fed on their feelings, love, joys and sufferings, and always wanted more. I'm like a starving man who falls asleep exhausted and sees rich food and sparkling wines before him. He rapturously falls on these phantom gifts of the imagination and feels better, but the moment he wakes up his dream disappears and he's left more hungry and desperate than before.
LKY on LIFE|At the end of the day, all I have to cherish are human relationships. Your worldly wealth you can't take away with you, your life has been lived. It is the friends you have made, your family ties, which sustain your spirit with a certain warmth and comfort.-LKY at 80: 80 quotes from a life (2003)
George Carlin, Brain Droppings|So, have a little fun. Soon enough you'll be dead and burning in Hell with the rest of your family.
Saminu Kanti|it was impossible to confine a Government to the exercise of express powers; there must necessarily be admitted powers by implication, unless the Constitution descended to recount every minutia
Mehmet Murat ildan|The real origin of the democratic spirit - and most likely, many democratic institutions - lies precisely in those spaces of improvisation just outside the control of governments and organized churches.
Christine Feehan, Bound Together|You deserve someone who you don't mind sharing your world with—someone you can trust in it. You deserve someone that you don't have to second guess. You deserve someone you trust as much as you trust yourself. You deserve someone you can talk to and not have to talk over. You deserve someone who believes in your dreams and loves you for your passion. You deserve someone who is worthy---someone who can love you the way you deserve to be loved. You deserve someone who will listen and not hold what you shared against you later. You deserve someone who makes you laugh. You deserve someone who makes you whole. You deserve someone who will make you smile every day, and I deserve the same thing, too.
Nell Stark, nevermore|Helen’s secretary’s phone was ringing off the hook as Clavier and I passed through the antechamber and into the hallway. Once we were outside, I rounded on him.“I’m not going to apologize. What you did to me was unconscionable, and now that Alexa is sick—” The urge to strike out at him welled up in me like a flash fire, and I braced my hand against the wall so as not to give in to the impulse. “I want access to everything. And your full cooperation. I am going to make this right, damn it, whatever it takes.”He stared at me coldly. “Save your self-righteous invectives for someone who will be moved by them.”I took a menacing step forward, despite my determination to remain poised. “Hoping for a repeat performance? You must get off on asphyxiation.” At the spark of anger in his eyes, I laughed. “The first thing that’s going to happen is that I am going to talk to Sebastian. And you are going to call whoever you need to call to make that happen. Right now.”Without waiting for a response, I turned sharply and headed for the stairwell.
Dove Cameron|Ritesh Deshmukh is rock star. He has a lovely family. He works so hard, and he's a great actor. He's funny, friendly, doesn't have an ego, and is so nice to everyone. He's a fine professional, a good husband, and a good father. That's a rock star for me.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Sometimes it’s great, and sometimes it’s shit.These are the things all the great philosophersjust won’t tell you flat out about life. You keep moving, keep living, keep breathingAnd you keep writing-creating because that’s what you doAnd that’s who you are. There are no magical voices to guideYou except your own. Make it count.~ R.M. ENGELHARDT
Brother Andrew, God's Smuggler|For most of my life I've been a listener. At least in the beginning, I think the reason I listened so intently was to have a chance of hearing the train before it ran over me.
Benjamin Disraeli|Read no history--nothing but biography, for that is life without theory.
Ellie Elisabeth, Army of the Almost Dead|There was some little local controversy too, about a fundraising effort called Suzie's Closet--folks getting together in church basements to make care packages for the plantations--blankets and candy bars.....first they interviewed a local advocate for the homeless, asking why our attention shouuld be down there, "when there's so much suffering right here at home."...it was the usual stuff --all the new stories and just the old stories again.
Abhinav Rajput|A compassionate kind can see the animal as a living being, as a friend, as a family, as soul,as an expression of life. Be compassionate.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Jesus may give you eternal life, but until then, your ass going to stay right were it is until you do something about it.
Michelle Sutton, It's Not About Him|When the Romantic Novelists' Association was founded 35 years ago (in 1960) the image was of pink fluffy bimbos. Now, the view of life through rose-coloured spectacles has gone out of the window. A realistic background and certainly a more realistic relationship between a man and a woman are the important things.
Steven Gould, Jumper|Every American autobiography, someone once said, is about one thing—escape. Look into the frightened heart of an American life, and you’ll find a compulsion to flee—a seed planted in the national character at the start by those ships sailing out of Europe and landing on our shores. — Teller: A Novel
Emma Cline, The Girls|Money is ego, and people won't give it up. Just want to protect themselves, hold on to it like a blanket. They don't realize it keeps them slaves. It's sick" "What's funny is that as soon as you give everything away, as soon as you say, Here, take it —that's when you really have everything".
Dada Bhagwan|As long as the awareness of ‘doer-ship’ is there, till then, one keeps on ‘charging’ (karma). In the Akram-path, ‘we’ (the Gnani Purush) destroy your doer-ship. The awareness that ‘I am the doer’ goes away and we give the understanding of ‘who the doer is’. Therefore, ‘charging’ (of karma) stops! What is left now? Only the ‘discharge’ is left.
Garrison Keillor|Humor is probably the most significant characteristics of the human mind. Far more significant than reason. In fact, reason is actually a very cheap commodity.
Margaret Atwood, Morning in the Burned House|Of course there are mothers,squeezing their breastsdry, pawning their bodies,shedding teeth for their children,or that’s our fond belief.But remember - Hanseland Gretel were dumped in the forestbecause their parents were starving.
Renee Swope, A Confident Heart: How to Stop Doubting Yourself & Live in the Security of God's Promises|When I choose to dwell in the assurance of Whose I am and who I am in Him, I have a confident heart.
Amos Oz, To Know A Woman|The more a religion makes a person feel guilty and insecure, the harder the person works for the religion.
Deyth Banger|If you run out on Nellie, what will you say when you meet God?"George swore, laughed, shook his head. "I'll say 'Just send me on to hell. That's where all my friends are, anyway.
P.J. O'Rourke|We're [parents]) always bluffing, pretending we know best, when most of the time we're just praying we won't screw up too badly.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Blade|Some women,” Dahariel said in that same hard tone devoid of any hint of humanity, “getunder a man’s skin until digging them out makes you bleed.
Sophocles, Antigone|And also because - Oh, my darling, my darling, forgive me; I’m going to cause you quite a lot of pain.
Kenyon Ledford|So many roads to choose, so many wrong choices to make.
Michelle Frost, Wisdoms of the Light|This time when she picked up her paints, she didn’t think, she just painted. It was like opening the door onto a storm. The canvas was her doorway and the paint all the thunder and lightning, the wild pain-filled sky caught inside her.
Charlaine Harris, Dead to the World|We could go back to your house. I can stay with you always. We can know each others bodies in every way, night after night. I could love you. I could work, you would not be poor. I would help you.
Anne Stirling Hastings|Transformational Fiction teaches how to assess, understand, and heal sexuality.
Eli|Get with it, or get left behind.
Akiroq Brost|God is willing to reveal His plans to us and His ways, if He sees that we are willing to stand till the end and take responsibility for our nation
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|In a dancehall in Kendal, I chased the bouncers out of the fucking dancehall, they were wearing white coats and they took these coats off, put them on the floor and jacked; Ginger Harris and me, we put the white coats on and took over for the night!
Eileen Myles|I like to borrow forms and quotes and use a lot of allusions, in both poetry and music.
Mary J. Williams, If Tomorrow Never Comes|Sometimes, maybe we don’t know exactly what we have until someone shows us.
Brandon Mull, The Candy Shop War|A crossbow?” Pigeon asked.I left my battle-ax in my other jeans,” the man said.
Calvin W. Allison, Strong Love Church|The people inside were in intense worship; it seemed to Sarah like they were in another world or something. The pleasantness in the atmosphere drew her in. She felt welcomed, even though she had not been invited; noticed, even though she had not been seen; loved, even though she wasn’t known; and even though it didn’t make sense to her—it didn’t have to.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|I continue to stare, my eyes missing nothing, remembering the moments we just shared together. But in all that time she does not look back, and I am haunted by the visions of her struggling with unseen enemies. I sit by the bedside with an aching back and start to cry as I pick up the notebook. Allie does not notice. I understand, for her mind is gone. A couple pages fall to the floor, and I bend over to pick them up. I am tired now, so I sit, alone and apart from my wife. And when the nurses come in they see two people they must comfort. A woman shaking in fear from demons in her mind, and the old man who loves her more deeply than life itself, crying softly in the corner, his face in his hands.
Ogden Nash|Certainly there are things in life that money can’t buy, but it’s very funny – Did you ever try buying them without money.
Krishna Udayasankar, Three|It is easier to not know than to not comprehend, for not knowing implies that the world is large, and that is a fact. Not comprehending is a far more personal fault.
Linda De Coff, Bridge of the Gods: A Handbook for Ascending Humanity the Golden Pathway to Your Highest God Self!|Leaving the age of materialism and duality behind us, we now seek to become Masters of the Spiritual Kingdom ~ moving into the penthouse of ourselves, the crown chakra, as it were. Herein lays all our joy, our progress and our discovery of our superior and limitless Divine powers. By loosening identification with the sense world, we begin to access the greater causal gifts and realms.I believe we must always learn to use our power of choice ~ to develop Spiritual authority, and come out of victim consciousness. It is important to encourage the setting of strong goals (focusing around fulfillment of pure heart’s desires). When the will is highly focused, the reader become receptive to the Higher Way and technologies of God I wish to impart.
Andrew Bridge, Hope's Boy|Two imbecile parents, whether related or not, have only imbecile offspring.
D.R. Ranshaw, Gryphon's Heir|He was one of a long line of mimsy and embittered middle-class sensitives who disguised their feeble and decadent lust as something spiritual and Socratic. And why not? If it meant he had to end his days on some Mediterranean island writing lyric prose for Faber and Faber and literary criticism for the New Statesman, running through successions of houseboys and 'secretaries', getting sloshed on Fernet Branca and having to pay off the Chief of Police every six months, then so be it. Better than driving to the office in the rain.
Debasish Mridha|To understand humanity, you must first understand yourself.
Aysha Taryam|In a sea of human beings, it is difficult, at times even impossible, to see the human as being.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|Unfortunately, in many cases, the rule book goes way too far - it tries to tell people how to be instead of explaining what we're trying to do.. We need recipes, not rules.
Brian   Joyce, The B-Side Diaries|I know it is coming, and I do not fear it, because I believe there is nothing on the other side of death to fear
Sara Jane Stone, Stirring Attraction|She wasn’t pretty, and she didn’t even bother to try to fit in. She didn’t care to.
Naima Simone, Witness to Passion|Fallon, you're my Achilles Heel. I want to fuck you senseless, until you feel me imprinted on you even when I'm not inside you. But that's all I want--all I can allow myself.
Pink Floyd, Wish You Were Here|You know you've done enoughWhen every bone is sore,You know you've prayed enoughWhen you don't ask any more,You know you're coming to some kind of understandingWhen every dream you've dreamed has passedAnd your still standing.
Irina Serban, Full Circle|Be silent like a rock, deeply rooted and straight like a tree, bend like a reed in the wind, listen to the sounds that your ears ignore, and feel the world through your intuition. The latter will never betray you, your senses will!
Patti Feuereisen, Invisible Girls: The Truth About Sexual Abuse--A Book for Teen Girls, Young Women, and Everyone Who Cares About Them|Since most sexual abuse begins well before puberty, preventive education, if it is to have any effect at all, should begin early in grade school.
Robinson Jeffers, Selected Poems|In pleasant peace and security How suddenly the soul in a man begins to die He shall look up above the stalled oxen Envying the cruel falcon, And dig under the straw for a stone To bruise himself on.
William Goldman|There's no rule for better writing. Make your own rules, and see what works best for you.
Nica Shea|Alex peered behind her to see Noah fussing over a scrape on Kennedy’s cheek. “Unless someone’s bleeding to death, first aid will have to wait. You’ll want to strap into the jump seats. “This could get interesting, and that’s before we get clear of the station.
Jami Brumfield, Lone Wolf Rising|You mean run away? Wolves don't run from a fight." Rebecca Winters in Lone Wolf Rising
Kristin Cashore|Art glows with faith even in its weakest parts. At every moment, writing is an act of self-confidence – the sheerest, most determined, most stubborn self-belief. You CAN have faith and doubt at the same time; the most insecure writer on the planet has faith that shines just as bright as her doubt, and she deserves props for that. It might be hidden deep, she might not feel it and you might not see it, but it’s in there, or she wouldn’t be able to write.
Helen Macdonald, H is for Hawk|When I was an undergraduate we were told that history had ended, and we all believed it. When the Berlin Wall fell, what history was made of was over. No more Cold War. No more wars. And yet here it was, and is and all of it falling apart. Endings. Worlds dissolving. Weather systems, baking systems, the careful plans of municipal gardeners. Families, hearts, lives.
Henrietta C. Mears|Because until you know what you want to be, other people are just going to keep trying to make you into something useful for them.
Jennie Churchill|I'm sure all that you've heard is just the usual gossip, invented to injure feelings rather than illuminate truth.
Albert Camus|If there were a party of those who aren't sure they're right, I'd belong to it. 
Kate McGahan, JACK McAFGHAN: Reflections on Life with my Master|Once someone asked, when I was present, what constituted the greatest pleasure in love. Someone replied, naturally: in receiving. Another: in giving. Someone said: the pleasure of pride! someone else: the ecstasy of humility! All these muckers making like the Imitation of Christ. Finally, an impudent utopian was found who insisted that the greatest pleasure of love was in forming new citizens for the fatherland. Me, I said: what is uniquely, supremely voluptuous about love lies in the certainty of doing evil.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|If we simply imagined that everyone who crossed our path was living out his or her very last day on Earth, we might treat people as kindly as we ought to each day they lived.
Frank Lautenberg|A healthy democracy requires a decent society; it requires that we are honorable, generous, tolerant and respectful.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Every single person is sacred. Sacred means special, precious, a treasure of true beauty. That means you.
Melissa Kantor, The Breakup Bible|...getting dumped is predictable, repetitive, and boring.They want to stay friends; they feel smothered; it's always them and it's never you; and afterward you're devastated and they're relieved; it's over for them and just starting for you.
Alexandra Sirowy, The Creeping|Wow," Mira said, looking around, "super fun.""When do they bring out the pig's blood and dump it on the head of the awkward girl with telekinetic powers?" Sebby asked."Not until ten, I think.""Well, what are we supposed to do until then? This was not well planned.
Debasish Mridha|A thinker will die, but his profound ideas have wings that fly forever.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|But why was the room suddenly becoming so dark? It was the middle of the afternoon. With a supreme effort Giuseppe Corte, who felt himself paralyzed with a strange lethargy, looked at the clock on the nightstand beside the bed. It was 3:30. He turned his head in the other direction and saw that the shutters, in obedience to some mysterious command, were closing slowly, blocking the passage of light.
Meat Loaf|I discovered that the most interesting music of all was made by simply lining the loops in unison, and letting them slowly shift out of phase with other.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Circle of Trust|Sometimes the closer you are to the truth, the harder it is to see.
Neha Chaudhary|My own personality, which was molded by the furnace of time and circumstances… strengthened by the touchstone of varied experiences, has changed a bit due to the benevolence and graciousness of people around me but I have never felt trapped in the nets of influence.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Do the dreams have also their own dreams? Yes they have and those dreams also have their own dreams! So when you create a dream, you create infinite number of dreams! When you dream of a beautiful house, then that beautiful house will create new dreams!
