Arthur Smith|Travel books are, by and large, boring. They lodge uncomfortably between fact, fiction and autobiography.
Anthony T Hincks|Everything you mean to me,I can't put into words,because when you're as perfect as you,no amount of words will do.
Fulton J. Sheen, The Prodigal World|(1) Use mathematics as shorthand language, rather than as an engine of inquiry. (2) Keep to them till you have done. (3) Translate into English. (4) Then illustrate by examples that are important in real life (5) Burn the mathematics. (6) If you can’t succeed in 4, burn 3. This I do often.
Derek Cianfrance|Alex Dumas was a consummate warrior and a man of great conviction and moral courage. He was renowned for his strength, his swordsmanship, his bravery, and his knack for pulling victory out of the toughest situations. But he was known, too, for his profane back talk and his problems with authority.
Daniel Radcliffe|Humans have voids, and you need things to fill voids... I didn't have a dad to fill that male model void, so when I heard Eminem or freaking seen Dave Chapelle, that's what I gravitated to.
Albert Camus, The Plague|And he knew, also, what the old man was thinking as his tears flowed, and he, Rieux, thought it too: that a loveless world is a dead world, and always there comes an hour when one is weary of prisons, of one's work, and of devotion to duty, and all one craves for is a loved face, the warmth and wonder of a loving heart.
T.A|Only the weak use "I can't" as an excuse to give up.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|It is in the dark that God is passing by. The bridge and our lives shake not because God has abandoned, but the exact opposite: God is passing by. God is in the tremors. Dark is the holiest ground, the glory passing by. In the blackest, God is closest, at work, forging His perfect and right will. Though it is black and we can't see and our world seems to be free-falling and we feel utterly alone, Christ is most present to us...
Patrick Rothfuss|If I could sum it up in 50 words, I wouldn't have needed to write a whole novel about it.
Richard Trumka|My father and I used to tussle about me becoming an actor. He's from strong, Presbyterian Scottish working-class stock, and he used to sit me down and say, 'You know, 99 percent of actors are out of work. You've been educated, so why do you want to spend your life pretending to be someone else when you could be your own man?'
Ben Brooks, Lolito|Maybe people do like wine. It's not as nice as just eating the grapes, but it's okay.
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|No doubt we instinctively prefer to help those who are close to us. Few could stand by and watch a child drown; many can ignore the avoidable deaths of children in Africa or India. The question, however, is not what we usually do, but what we ought to do, and it is difficult to see any sound moral justification for the view that distance, or community membership, makes a crucial difference to our obligations.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|I am looking for friends. What does that mean -- tame?""It is an act too often neglected," said the fox. "It means to establish ties." "To establish ties?" "Just that," said the fox. "To me, you are still nothing more than a little boy who is just like a hundred thousand other little boys. And I have no need of you. And you, on your part, have no need of me. To you I am nothing more than a fox like a hundred thousand other foxes. But if you tame me, then we shall need each other. To me, you will be unique in all the world. To you, I shall be unique in all the world....
Alex Scarrow, Afterlight|In a world like this with no laws, no charter of human rights, it's the women who suffer. It's the women who learn what it is to be tough, not the men.
Sara Gilbert|The term 'natural resources' confuses people. 'Natural resources' are not like a finite number of gifts under the Christmas tree. Nature is given, but resources are created.
Sarah  Miller, The Lost Crown|It's different now, like pushing the stop lever on my camera until nothing except the war can squeeze through the lens.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|Young men go to war. Sometimes because they have to, sometimes because they want to. Always, they feel they are supposed to. This comes from the sad, layered stories of life, which over the centuries have seen courage confused with picking up arms, and cowardice confused with laying them down.
Roshan Sharma|People relates the process of evolution, as growth and success in the material world, rather in reality, the process of evolution, is all about, how you perceive life, with your understanding, in the present moment.
Compton Gage|I saw under the sun the place of judgement, …that wickedness was there; And the place of righteousness, that iniquity was there. …I said in mine heart, 'Who shall judge the righteous and the wicked:' for there is a time for every purpose and for every work.
Sam Kean, The Disappearing Spoon: And Other True Tales of Madness, Love, and the History of the World from the Periodic Table of the Elements|Think of the most fussy science teacher you ever had. The one who docked your grade if the sixth decimal place in your answer was rounded incorrectly; who tucked in his periodic table T-shirt, corrected every student who said "weight" when he or she meant "mass", and made everyone, including himself, wear goggles even while mixing sugar water. Now try to imagine someone whom your teacher would hate for being anal-retentive. That is the kind of person who works for a bureau of standards and measurement.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|To cultivate bravery and courage, get involved in a cause you are passionate about.Serving a vision bigger than yourself changes your focus from self-doubt to whatever action is necessary for the vision to succeed. “When in doubt, take it out.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|You could write the best book in the world but if nobody knows about it, it is nothing
Cassandra Clare, Lord of Shadows|Emma, everyone's afraid of something. We fear things because we value them. We fear losing people because we love them. We fear dying because we value being alive. Don't wish you didn't fear anything. All that would mean is that you didn't feel anything.
Martin Farquhar Tupper|Modernity is the transient, the fleeting, the contingent; it is one half of art, the other being the eternal and the immovable.
Newpostcard|Aryan said "Once an angel came in my dream and said", You will get whatever you want in your life in this world and from this world.
Christie Brinkley|When we're in that kind of childish space, we're more genuine and feel more comfortable with our friends.
Linda Hogan|As for me, I have a choice between honoring that dark life I've seen so many years moving in the junipers, or of walking away and going on with my own human busyness. There is always that choice for humans.
Rob Liano|Keep the first date brief, short, sweet and simple and they'll come back to you.
Peter C. Newman, Here Be Dragons: Telling Tales Of People, Passion and Power|Even if it's absurd to think you can change things, it's even more absurd to believe that it is foolish and unimportant to try.
Paula Poundstone|A guy is a lump like a doughnut. So, first you gotta get rid of all the stuff his mom did to him. And then you gotta get rid of all that macho crap that they pick up from beer commercials. And then there's my personal favorite, the male ego.
Awdhesh Singh, Good and Evil: Two Sides of the Same Coin|The world turns and the world changes,But one thing does not change.In all of my years, one thing does not change,However you disguise it, this thing does not change:The perpetual struggle of Good and Evil.
Kate Winslet|In my home office, I have two large, 30-inch computer monitors - a Mac and a PC. They share the same mouse and keyboard, so I can type or copy and paste between them. I'll typically do Web stuff on the Mac and e-mail and chat stuff on the PC.
Jessie Burton, The Miniaturist|This was the part of the road he knew best, the part his old blue Schwinn had known so well that at one time, the bike might have found its way back home without anyone riding it.
Sydney Pollack|In Hollywood, normally things don't work out, and dreams are crushed.
A.P., Sabine|Love is that as well, I was forgetting: it is taking a huge gamble, staking your all on a single improbable throw, jumping off a cliff and trusting an unknown person to catch you before you hit the ground.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Joy is a flame that glimmers only in the palm of the open and humble hand. In an open and humble palm, released and surrendered to receive, light dances, flickers happy. The moment the hand is clenched tight, fingers all pointing towards self and rights and demands, joy is snuffed out. Anger is the lid that suffocates joy until she lies limp and lifeless.
Toni Sorenson|If you could see into a woman’s heart you’d be shocked at the cracks and chasms of self-doubt, fear, and pain it holds. It’s a wreck and yet it manages to love like it’s never been broken.
Tony Campolo, Red Letter Christians: A Christian's Guide to Faith and Politics, a Citizen's Guide to Faith and Politics|And over all these virtues put on love, which binds them all together in perfect unity.
Benjamin Franklin|If the grass is greener on the other side of the fence, you can bet the water bill is higher.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|But is it such a bad thing to live like this for just a little while? Just for a few months of one's life, is it so awful to travel through time with no greater ambition than to find the next lovely meal? Or to learn how to speak a language for no higher purpose than that it pleases your ear to hear it? Or to nap in a garden, in a patch of sunlight, in the middle of the day, right next to your favourite fountain? And then to do it again the next day?
Ken  Jennings, The Serving Leader: Five Powerful Actions to Transform Your Team, Business, and Community|The aim and the result of faithful, fruitful, and fulfilling service is to make God famous.
Kesha|A stereotype may be negative or positive, but even positive stereotypes present two problems: They are cliches, and they present a human being as far more simple and uniform than any human being actually is.
Steve Keen, Adbusters #84 Pop Nihilism|An essential pedagogic step here is to relegate the teaching of mathematical methods in economics to mathematics departments. Any mathematical training in economics, if it occurs at all, should come after students have at the very least completed course work in basic calculus, algebra and differential equations (the last being one about which most economists are woefully ignorant). This simultaneously explains why neoclassical economists obsess too much about proofs and why non-neoclassical economists, like those in the Circuit School, experience such difficulties in translating excellent verbal ideas about credit creation into coherent dynamic models of a monetary production economy.
Gail Caldwell|Of all the deep longings, this ache for missing intimacy, cuts through sharply, like a scream in a silent room, like the last gasping breath under a stifling mask, like the huge lump in the throat that one is unable to swallow. This deep ache to be held, to know touch both the casual and intense variety, to catch an eye in answering laughter, to merge into oneness, to sing through existence in resonance with another, to simply be in deep love in openness. to live and die in intimacy and vulnerability in a loved one's arms. And, you ache alone...
Jordanes, The Origin and Deeds of the Goths|What just cause can be found for the encounter of so many nations, or what hatred inspired them all to take arms against each other? It is proof that the human race lives for its kings, for it is at the mad impulse of one mind a slaughter of nations takes place, and at the whim of a haughty ruler that which nature has taken ages to produce perishes in a moment.
Pat McIntosh, The Stolen Voice|If I could explain a head in a barrel to the King, he thought, I can explain a man in a tanpit to a Bishop. But I'd sooner be more certain of the facts.
Seamus Heaney|Mid-Term BreakI sat all morning in the college sick bayCounting bells knelling classes to a close.At two o'clock our neighbours drove me home.In the porch I met my father crying—He had always taken funerals in his stride—And Big Jim Evans saying it was a hard blow.The baby cooed and laughed and rocked the pramWhen I came in, and I was embarrassedBy old men standing up to shake my handAnd tell me they were 'sorry for my trouble'.Whispers informed strangers I was the eldest,Away at school, as my mother held my handIn hers and coughed out angry tearless sighs.At ten o'clock the ambulance arrivedWith the corpse, stanched and bandaged by the nurses.Next morning I went up into the room. SnowdropsAnd candles soothed the bedside; I saw himFor the first time in six weeks. Paler now,Wearing a poppy bruise on his left temple,He lay in the four-foot box as in his cot.No gaudy scars, the bumper knocked him clear.A four-foot box, a foot for every year.
Pamela Clare, Defiant|You think to judge me, MacKinnon? I've littered the ground wi' the corpses of men like you."Iain raised his blade and smiled. "You've never met a man like me.
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|Faith in Providence is faith in one's own worth, … [H]ence also false humility, religious arrogance, which, it is true, does not rely on itself, but only because it commits the care of itself to the blessed God. God … wills that I shall be blest; but that is my will also: … God's love for me [is] nothing else than my own self-love deified.
Richard Chenevix Trench|You must learn to read well, Marisa. As long as you're a good reader, you can learn anything, do anything.
Grace Gealey|I think scent is sensual. I guess evoking a mood or a spirit is key, and I think with the women's fragrances we have evoked different types, moods or sensibilities of a woman - whether it's Daisy with the sweetness and the innocence or Lola which is more provocative, sexy and sultry.
Peter Shaffer, Five Finger Exercise|The trouble is if you don’t spend your life yourself, other people spend it for you.
Ted Nugent|Species co-evolve with the other species they eat, and very often, a relationship of interdependence develops: I'll feed you if you spread around my genes. A gradual process of mutual adaptation transforms something like an apple or a squash into a nutritious and tasty food for a hungry animal.
Sophie Kinsella|Everyone should keep a dream journal, did you know that?
Christine de Pizan, The Book of the City of Ladies|Causing any damage or harm to one party in order to help another party is not justice, and likewise, attacking all feminine conduct [in order to warn men away from individual women who are deceitful] is contrary to the truth, just as I will show you with a hypothetical case. Let us suppose they did this intending to draw fools away from foolishness. It would be as if I attacked fire -- a very good and necessary element nevertheless -- because some people burnt themselves, or water because someone drowned. The same can be said of all good things which can be used well or used badly. But one must not attack them if fools abuse them.
Lia Davis, Death's Storm|They took form in a bedroom, Khloe realized with a scowl. He noticed and gave her a sideways grin. Arrogant ass. Laugh it up, demon.
Megan Rivers, A Fateful Melody: A Fictional Memoir|That small exposure to a few measures of song threw my world of its axis. It punctured a tiny window that gave me a peek at feelings, emotions, and thoughts I never knew existed. Knowing there was more to my life I wasn't getting at this moment made me feel like a drug addict forced into rehab.
Magic Johnson|Diet cola is my absolute favorite drink in the world; I used to drink four cans a day. But to help me cut down, I've turned it into a treat. Now, instead of having dessert, I'll have a can of diet soda. Putting a limit on how often I can drink it has helped me appreciate it more.
Sunday Adelaja|Most people do not want to follow a leader, they want to command the leading of a servant.
Goitsemang Sandra Mvula|In life I've learnt to CHERISH the moments with those I meet in life, CONQUER my fears, CLIMB the ladder of opportunities, COUNT my blessings, and CARE for the needy.
Alanis Morissette|I, of course, meditate for two hours every morning. It's part of my schedule; I wake up at 4 a.m. every day and I love it.
N.T. Wright, Surprised by Hope: Rethinking Heaven, the Resurrection, and the Mission of the Church|To be evil at all, Satan needs good things he can abuse, things like intelligence, power and will. Those good things come from God.
Luvvie Ajayi, I'm Judging You: The Do-Better Manual|When I venture to point out the unfairness of this, I am reminded of the second item on my list. Apparently the only acceptable destiny for a young female mem​b​er of the house of Windsor is to marry into another of the royal houses that still seem to litter Europe, even though there are precious few reigning monarchs these days. it seems that even a very minor Windsor like myself is a desirable commodity for those wishing a tenuous alliance with Britain at this unsettled time. I am constantly being reminded that is is my duty to make a good match with some half-lunatic, buck-toothed, chinless, spinele​s​s​​​, and utterly awful European royal, thus cementing ties with a potential enemy. My cousin Alex did this, poor thing. I have learned from her tragic example.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Dreams are built around the word hello, but in the end fate only knows the word goodbye.
Bob Beckel|We fitted, amusingly enough, into none of the form categories of 'The Young American Couple'... security to us is in ourselves, and no job, not even money, can give us what we have to develop: faith in our work and hard, hard work, which is Spartan in many ways.
Stephen Lovegrove|Tolerance is the essential starting point for compassion. That’s why it is so emphasized in our society right now. In a world full of discrimination, prejudice, and marginalization, people need to be taught to tolerate people who are different. Tolerance, at the political, social, and cultural level, will prevent us from choosing speech or actions that harms other people groups, which is a definite win.
Lisa Lantieri|Children who are well nurtured and whose parents help them learn how to calm down when they are upset, for instance, seem to develop greater strength in the brain’s circuits for managing distress;
Carsten Ostergaard Pedersen|The mind is the chisel, matter is the stone and life is the sculpture. Make sure you use your chisel wisely
Michelle Tea, Black Wave|Most of the time, we are concerned with the truth. A cashier has to make sure he knows the exact change he's giving. A nurse has to apply just the right amount of medication to a patient. A mathematician checks and rechecks his proofs. A jury listens closely to all the facts to sort out the truth in a trial. A history teacher has to get the names and dates right. A scientists publishes work for peer review to make sure everyone gets the same results. In all of these cases and more, what's important is not opinion. What's important is the truth. Yet it seems that when it comes to questions of religion and spirituality and the accompanying moral questions, we suddenly become relativists. The truth doesn't matter. Instead of asking who God really is, we say, 'Who is God to you?' Instead of asking what it means that God became a man, we say that it's okay for some people to believe if they want. Instead of asking whether God expects something from us or has any divine commands for us, we judge religious expectations by what we want, by whether a religion fits into our lifestyle. The pursuit of objectivity goes out the window, and subjectivity reigns.
Robert M. Hutchins|Law without education is a dead letter. With education the needed law follows without effort and, of course, with power to execute itself; indeed, it seems to execute itself.
Misty Copeland|Man alone is born crying, lives complaining, and dies disappointed.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Bleeds|Everybody has something, that one thing they must do to feel happy. I think this is yours, and I want you to be happy. You don’t have to do it, but it’s here if you choose to come back to it.
Meg Rosoff, Just in Case|Ask any comedian, tennis player, chef. Timing is everything.
Jonathan Carroll|The especial genius of women I believe to be electrical in movement, intuitive in function, spiritual in tendency.
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|Judging by your face, the what-the-fuck nodes in your cerebral cortex must be a real light show.
Munia Khan|A good poem has rhyming but no ending, it continues to rhyme in our heart.
Jonathan Glover|The hardest - the part that's hard is to kill, but once you kill, that becomes easier, to kill the next person and the next one and the next one." -Varnado Simpson, Charlie Company of My Lai
A. Ashley Straker, Connected Infection|She cursed under her breath. Eddie watched the EBs react, the younger ones recoiling with silent gasps.	"Better watch your language. There are children present. I think you're freaking them out."	"Sure, I'm the one freaking them out.
M.L. Stedman, The Light Between Oceans|He was a practical man: give him a sensitive technical instrument, and he could maintain it; something broken, and he could mend it, meditatively, efficiently. But confronted by his grieving wife, he felt useless.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., A Man Without a Country|In the presence of real tragedy you feel neither pain nor joy nor hatred, only a sense of enormous space and time suspended, the great doors open to black eternity, the rising across the terrible field of that last enormous, unanswerable question.
Virginia Postrel|You just have to adapt, and you have to realize where people are going to actually play their games. It used to just be Nintendo and PlayStation, and now it's all kind of devices. So you've got to learn to adapt what you know from the technology into those areas... I've been wanting to do a mobile game for a long time.
J.K. Rowling|One of the most challenging aspects for those who are seeking to find the God of their understanding for the first time is His formlessness. It can be difficult to believe in, and connect with, something that cannot be seen. Perhaps this is because although God is in all things He is felt and experienced on levels that relate directly to the condition of our own hearts.
Edith Schaeffer, The Hidden Art of Homemaking|It is true that all men are created in the image of God, but Christians are supposed to be conscious of that fact, and being conscious of it should recognize the importance of living artistically, aesthetically, and creatively, as creative creatures of the Creator. If we have been created in the image of an Artist, then we should look for expressions of artistry, and be sensitive to beauty, responsive to what has been created for us” (p. 32).
Lorna Jackie Wilson, Babygirl|All of these people had character. None of them thought they were special people, born with the right to win. They were people who worked hard, who learned how to keep their focus under pressure, and who stretched beyond their ordinary abilities when they had to.
Faraaz Kazi, More Than Just Friends|Sometimes we don’t have a choice in where we come from, but we can definitely choose where we go from there.
Ken  Wheaton, Sweet as Cane, Salty as Tears|My philosophy in life is to eat, drink and investigate - in that order.
Aman Jassal, Rainbow - the shades of love|When life deals you a rough hand, it’s not about how strong you are but how many people out there believe in you, stand by you: your FRIENDS.
Matthew Stokoe, High Life|I slept and the night rolled over into day like a dog. Another post-meridian awakening - sunshine on empty bottles, tangled clothes. I dozed while the temperature rose.
Shannon L. Alder|There will always be someone willing to hurt you, put you down, gossip about you, belittle your accomplishments and judge your soul. It is a fact that we all must face. However, if you realize that God is a best friend that stands beside you when others cast stones you will never be afraid, never feel worthless and never feel alone.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|Be calm in arguing: for fierceness makes Error a fault, and truth discourtesy.
Dee Remy, There Once Was A Boy|You may say suicide is a loss of control and cowardly. Foolish as it may sound, I am prepared to argue.
Norman Lear|I don't think my sense of humor has changed at all; I was born with this, for better or for worse.
Benjanun Sriduangkaew, Scale-Bright|Humans are destructive animals, but they are also wise ones.
Edward de Bono, Six Thinking Hats Revised Edition|When I read my writing, am amazed by what I have captured in a given moments.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|There is a correlation between the number of days since a man last had sex, and, the number of things that he is willing to do for a woman.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|I cried for her , But not now because my tears become so dried and my heart becomes so solid..... But still loves her with this solid heart But don't know why still eyes are wet while i am writing this quote. :(
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|How could we have found, who we really are, without education?
Philip Ball, The Devil's Doctor: Paracelsus and the World of Renaissance Magic and Science|It is only rather recently that science has begun to make peace with its magical roots. Until a few decades ago, it was common for histories of science either to commence decorously with Copernicus's heliocentric theory or to laud the rationalism of Aristotelian antiquity and then to leap across the Middle Ages as an age of ignorance and superstition. One could, with care and diligence, find occasional things to praise in the works of Avicenna, William of Ockham, Albertus Magnus, and Roger Bacon, but these sparse gems had to be thoroughly dusted down and scraped clean of unsightly accretions before being inserted into the corners of a frame fashioned in a much later period.
John F. MacArthur Jr.|Sixteen of the thirty-eight parables of Jesus deal with money. One out of ten verses in the New Testament deals with that subject. Scripture offers about five hundred verses on prayer, fewer than five hundred on faith, and over two thousand on money. The believer's attitude toward money and possessions is determinative.
Pierre de Coubertin|Jose Mourinho and I get along well. I've lots of respect for him. He gives me a lot of confidence. After a bad game, he dares to say, 'We have played with 10 today,' but that's it. At moments like that, he leaves me alone.
Ratmir Timashev, CEO Veeam|There is no correct path. We pave our own roads. Don't be afraid to find your own way. ...I hate to see people hung up on "what they're supposed to do". Decide for yourself. There is no other way
Augustine of Hippo, City of God|We are stimulated to emotional response, not by works that confirm our sense of the world, but by works that challenge it.
Sasha Cohen|Provision as much pure and organic food as you can, and let the rest go by.
Priyanka Chopra|After every bath, I make sure to moisturize my entire body. I'm obsessed with Diptyque: people love their candles, but their body products are also amazing.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, Collected Poems|Yet Theo had become engrossed in his own tale, transporting himself back to the night of which he spoke. In the distance, he could again see the faces he had encountered on that fateful night, the twisted bodies and pained expressions of the men who no longer walked the realms of men, but those of the underworld gods.
Gift Gugu Mona|Great leaders do not fear challenges, because challenges don't break leaders but sharpens them.
Ambrose Bierce, Can Such Things Be?|We didn't need light & shade, irony or humor. An iconic Daltrey bellow could convey an extrodinary range of human emotion; withering sadness, self pity, loneliness, abandonment, spiritual desperation, the loss of childhood, as well as the more obvious rage & frustration, joy & triumph.
Taylor Swift|I don't ever feel like the cool kid at the party, ever. It's like, 'Smile and be nice to everybody, because you were not invited to be here.'
Abhijit Naskar|One who has just learnt a foreign language, constantly resorts, while talking, to words belonging to that language in order to make a show of his or her achievement. But one who knows the language well, seldom uses it when speaking in his or her own mother tongue. Such is the case with those who are well advanced in religion.
Dick Van Dyke, My Lucky Life in and Out of Show Business|Weakness is not the problem, but my delusion of my strengths is.
Pedro Okoro, Crushing the Devil: Your Guide to Spiritual Warfare and Victory in Christ|The good is the Enemy of the best. Until you depart from the good, you cannot enter God's best for your life.
Philip K. Dick, Mr. Spaceship|The human society has evolved war as a cultural institution, like the science of astronomy, or mathematics. War is a part of our lives, a career, a respected vocation. Bright, alert young men and women move into it, putting their shoulders to the wheel as they did in the time of Nebuchadnezzar. It has always been so.
Thorbjörg Hafsteinsdottir, 10 Years Younger in 10 Weeks|Just as an apple a day keeps the doctor away,a book a week keeps the mind ever sleek
John Malkovich|I mean, I'm 48 years old and I've been through a lot in my life - you know, loss, whether it be death, illness, separation. I mean, the failed expectations... We all have dreams.
Elizabeth Strout|What young people didn’t know, she thought, lying down beside this man, his hand on her shoulder, her arm; oh, what young people did not know. They did not know that lumpy, aged, and wrinkled bodies were as needy as their own young, firm ones, that love was not to be tossed away carelessly, as if it were a tart on a platter with others that got passed around again. No, if love was available, one chose it, or didn’t choose it. And if her platter had been full with the goodness of Henry and she had found it burdensome, had flicked it off crumbs at a time, it was because she had not known what one should know: that day after day was unconsciously squandered.	And so, if this man next to her now was not a man she would have chosen before this time, what did it matter: He most likely wouldn’t have chosen her either. But here they were, and Olive pictured two slices of Swiss cheese pressed together, such holes they brought to this union—what pieces life took out of you.	Her eyes were closed, and throughout her tired self swept waves of gratitude—and regret. She pictured the sunny room, the sun-washed wall, the bayberry outside. It baffled her, the world. She did not want to leave it yet.
C.S. Lewis, The Last Battle|Liam, soon-to-be-fucking-dead, Callahan was walking down the stairs—my fucking stairs—with his sex hair high and his green eyes sharper than razor blades. He was beautiful, and I almost regretted the fact that I would have to put a bullet in his head and then smash it through a fucking wall.-Melody G.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is an inner perception. It comes from simplicity, kindness, love, and compassion.
Louise Gilbert|[Jane] Austen was not a novelist for nothing: she knew that our stories are what make us human, and that listening to someone else's stories -- entering into their feelings, validating their experiences -- is the highest way of acknowledging their humanity, the sweetest form of usefulness.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Funny how money speaks even more loudly than morals in this beautiful, superficial material world.
J.R.R. Tolkien|grows like a seed in the dark out of the leaf-mould of the mind: out of all that has been seen or thought or read, that has long ago been forgotten, descending into the deeps.
Hélène Cixous, The Laugh of the Medusa|And, why don't you write? Write! Writing is for you, you are for you, your body is yours, take it. I know why you haven't written. (And why I didn't write before the age of twenty-seven.) Because writing is at once too high, too great for you, it's reserved for the great -that is, for "great men"; and it's "silly". Besides, you've written a little, but in secret. And it wasn't good, because, you punished yourself for writing, because you didn't go all the way; or because you wrote, irresistibly, as when we would masturbate in secret, not to go further, but to attenuate the tension a bit, just enough to take the edge off. And then as soon as we come, we go and make ourselves feel guilty -so as to be forgiven; or to forgot, to bury it until next time.
Deb Caletti, The Six Rules of Maybe|Truth was funny, because it was an insistent thing, maybe as powerful and insistent as some force of nature, the push of water or wind. You could keep it out only so long, but it had its own will and its own needs, and maybe you could keep it at bay with lies, but not for long, not for always.
Sarah J. Maas, The Assassin and the Healer|Let me give you a bit of advice.' the girl said bitterly, 'from one working girl to another; life isn't easy, no matter where you are. You'll make choices you think are right and then suffer for them.' Those remarkable eyes flickered. 'So if you're going to be miserable, you might as well go to Antica and be miserable in the shadow of the Torre Cesme.
Euginia Herlihy|Let your kindness, your compassion and your listening ear speaks itself.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|Just hear me out. While you were napping, I was busy chatting up our allies. Didn't you know--your woman's a golden-tongued ambassador! My sisters always said I graduated from the shock-and-awe school of diplomacy, but joke 'em if they can't take a fuck, right?
Embee, Tess Embers|Life is short, do not hesitate!Enjoyed and lived Now because Yesterday is gone, and tomorrow is only an illusion!
Debasish Mridha|When you build a relationship with your inner self, you will never be alone.
Ann Patchett, Bel Canto|Katsumi Hosokawa - (he) believed that life, true life, was something that was stored in music.
Michael Richardson, Dedalus Book of Surrealism 2: The Myth of the World|The fantastic is in complicity with the realist model, in the claims that realism makes to represent the true face of reality. It points to the gaps and inadequacies of realism, but does not question the legitimacy of its claims to represent reality. The concept of “suspension of disbelief', that beloved criterion of positivist criticism supposedly serving to establish the legitimacy of the fantastic, confirms this hegemony.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|What shall it profit a male if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his immortal genes?
Heather Wolf, Kipnuk Visits Sea Isle|I grew up being told, "If you do marijuana you'll be a slave for the rest of your life," and it only took me ten minutes to realize smoking marijuana was pretty cool. Then it was, "If you take LSD you'll be a slave for the rest of your life. Then it got to be, "If you take cocaine, you'll be slave for life." I took LSD, and I wasn't a slave for life. There was a time when I thought, "Hey, I've been taking Heroin for six months and I feel fine. You know, just on weekends." I actually believed that you didn't have to become addicted. I was wrong. The most important thing out of this is, don't lie to the kids. If marijuana is not going to make you homeless and addicted, don't tell people it is, because they'll found out it doesn't, then when they get to the stuff that really WILL, they ain't gonna believe you." - Dickie Peterson
Gift Gugu Mona|I may not have had a great background, but I am grateful because nothing could have prepared me for the future than the past I've been through.
Tamora Pierce, Cold Fire|Many kids, it seemed, would find out that their parents were flawed, messed-up people later in life, and I didn't appreciate getting to know it all so strong and early.
Katherine Valdez, Baby Shoes: 100 Stories by 100 Authors|When life expectancy hit 95 years of age, married people around the world shouted, "Enough!" And just like that, the institution of marriage was reinvented.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Nobody's ever asked me to a party before, as a friend. Is that why you dyed your eyebrow, for the party? Should I do mine too?
RVM|Anybody can Earn and Die, leaving a will and legacy. Only the courageous ones can give away all they have while they are Alive.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Say not, “I have found the truth,” but rather, “I have found a truth.”Say not, “I have found the path of the soul.” Say rather, “I have met the soul walking upon my path.”For the soul walks upon all paths.The soul walks not upon a line, neither does it grow like a reed.The soul unfolds itself, like a lotus of countless petals.
Robert A. Heinlein|Then say not man's imperfect, Heav'n in fault;. Say rather, man's as perfect as he ought.
Tahir Shah, Travels With Myself|If there's one area of me that the devil's got a hold of, it's my tongue.
C. JoyBell C.|One cannot truthfully profess a belief in a God, without having the ability to express the same sentiments towards other people around him/her. If you are going to say that you believe in a God that you cannot see, then you ought to believe in people that you can’t see, either! So much more faith and trust is required, to believe in an essence that you will never see with your own two eyes in this lifetime, than to believe in what you actually know can exist— other people. One must not be a hypocrite. During the times that I didn’t believe in people— I didn’t believe in God, either! During the times that I didn’t trust anyone— I didn’t trust God, either. The stuff of the soul, when it is genuine, will be reflected onto the way we think about, and interact with, other people! Don’t tell me you know a God who loves— if you don’t know how to love other people. Don’t tell me you have faith in a God, when you can’t have faith in another person. God is not there to show us that people can't be trusted. God is there to show us Himself, in everyone and in everything.
Christina Milian|I pay for homeowner's insurance, I pay for car insurance, I pay for health insurance.
Karl Marx, The Communist Manifesto|Then the world will be for the common people, and the sounds of happiness will reach the deepest springs. Ah! Come! People of every land, how can you not be roused.
Abhijit Naskar, Prescription: Treating India's Soul|I’m typing this as loudly as I can to deceive our lovely Indian maid that I can type amazingly quickly and that this is of vital importance, and that’s why I need her to come into the house three times a week and clean the floors, scrub the toilets, polish the stainless steel and buff the porcelain. Did I spell that right? I don’t know, but I’m not going to stop to check – she’s listening!
Kiesza|We all prospect, and don't even know we're doing it. When you start the dating process, you are actually prospecting for the person you want to marry. When you're interviewing employees, you are prospecting for someone who will best fit your needs.
Laura Elizabeth Richards|But how wonderful when the tale is told,And the message that is meant for usOpens like the scents of a mountain flower!
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|Not having ice cream,” she proclaimed, “is the culmination of all disasters!
Michael Rogers, Seraphic Gate|When you're alone, you harbour one hundred percent all off the good things. But this also means that you harbour all the bad things. I learnt my own goals slowed down when I was with others, but having shared the good things, sharing the pain, having that friendship excelled what I alone couldn't do. It doesn't need to be logical, friendships are a part of life, and when is that logical? Life doesn't make sense, but you don't have to live it alone.
Russell M. Goldfarb, Sexual Repression And Victorian Literature|Avoid the RTP Syndrome. When you rush to Publish, you rush to mistakes and chaos. Guaranteed.
Dessy Dinata|Don't hold it, shouldn't stop it. Let it come, let it flow. Let it reach the positivity, bring the happiness
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|This is not to say, there never comes a day I'll take my chances and start again. And when I look behind on all my younger times, I'll have to thank the wrongs that led me to a love so strong.
Suzanne Finnamore|I remember one desolate Sunday night, wondering: Is this how I´m going to spend the rest of my life? Marrid to someone who is perpetually distracted and somewhat wistful, as though a marvelous party is going on in the next room, which but for me he could be attending?
Steve Buscemi|I suppose there's a melancholy tone at the back of the American mind, a sense of something lost. And it's the lost world of Thomas Jefferson. It is the lost sense of innocence that we could live with a very minimal state, with a vast sense of space in which to work out freedom.
Patti Snodgrass|Hope is possible, when you decide to believe that what you are hoping for is possible.
Twyla Tharp, The Creative Habit: Learn It and Use It for Life|Reading, conversation, environment, culture, heroes, mentors, nature – all are lottery tickets for creativity. Scratch away at them and you’ll find out how big a prize you’ve won.
Criss Jami|There are 2 kinds of fighters: those who fight because they hate, and those who fight because they love.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|The primary benefit of practicing any art, whether well or badly, is that it enables one's soul to grow.
Freeman Dyson, Disturbing the Universe|The reward for being sensitive is that we’re held by the Universe, the way the ocean in its buoyancy holds up a raft.
Eugene H. Peterson, Eat This Book: A Conversation in the Art of Spiritual Reading|The task of liturgy is to order the life of the holy community following the text of Holy Scripture. It consists of two movements. First it gets us into the sanctuary, the place of adoration and attention, listening and receiving and believing before God. There is a lot involved, all the parts of our lives ordered to all aspects of the revelation of God in Jesus.Then it gets us out of the sanctuary into the world into places of obeying and loving ordering our lives as living sacrifices in the world to the glory of God. There is a lot involved, all the parts of our lives out on the street participating in the work of salvation.
Debasish Mridha|It is easy to hate and blame, but it is divine to love and care.
Leo Ornstein|Of all the arts, music is really the most abstract.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Bread We Eat in Dreams|And in her long nights, in her long house of smoke and miller's stones, she baked the bread we eat in dreams, strangest loaves, her pies full of anguish and days long dead, her fairy-haunted gingerbread, her cakes wet with tears.
Han Kang, Human Acts|I still remember the moment when my gaze fell upon the mutilated face of a young woman, her features slashed through with a bayonet. Soundlessly, and without fuss, some tender thing deep inside me broke. Something that, until then, I hadn't realised was there.
Unknown|After I read a good book, I have a hard time coping with reality.
Lucy Grealy, Autobiography of a Face|When I tried to imagine being beautiful, I could only imagine living without the perpetual fear of being alone, without the great burden of isolation, which is what feeling ugly felt like.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|We are bombarded on all sides by a vast number of messages we don't want or need. More information is generated in a single day than we can absorb in a lifetime. To fully enjoy life, all of us must find our own breathing space and peace of mind.--James E. Faust
Catherine Louise Birmingham|Growth requires courage, risk and the willingness to go beyond fear.
Buffy Andrews|Sometimes the writing just comes and we're like, oh yeah. Gotta love when that happens.
Ann Packer, The Dive From Clausen's Pier|It was a stark choice: shoes or food; beauty or sustenance; the sensible or the self-indulgent. "I'll take the shoes," she said firmly.
Joel T. McGrath|Is it not the disparity of wealth that consumes the willing soul. Rather, the golden keys of opportunity clamor softly with fraught anxiety of things which may never come.
Abhishek Kumar, Stardust Family - We Are One!|Love is the most powerful healing energy. Everything you do with love spreads healing. So feel it,be it, and spread it.
Emily Skrutskie, The Abyss Surrounds Us|But before that day it felt like at least I had an ally on this boat. Now I have nothing. Well, I have a fat baby sea monster. But Bao doesn't tell jokes, and somehow I need that.I hate how I need that.
Jacqueline Novogratz, The Blue Sweater: Bridging the Gap Between Rich and Poor in an Interconnected World|Though either choice was good, one was truer to myself... Ultimately, I reflected on Geothe's invocation to 'make a commitment and the forces of the universe will conspire to make it happen' and chose the uncharted path.
Jack Kerouac, Maggie Cassidy|Love is bitter, death is sweet.
Richelle E. Goodrich|If you ever expect to write fairytales, you've got to get your head in the clouds.
LeeAnn Whitaker, Never Another You|If I bother you so much, why did you let me kiss you again in that hospital? Is the reason to screw up my head more, to see if you still have the knack for it? Because congratulations Nell, you’ve succeeded yet again.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Well, yeah," Dovey said. "That's America. We watch shows about rich people's houses and their designer dresses and we drool. It's patriotic.
Rachel Keller|The best bands kept making records and had this evolution, where by the end, by their commercial phase or sellout phase, the records are from outer space.
George Lois|Stick to a task, 'til it sticks to you. Beginners are many, finishers are few." -Anonymous, as quoted in Small and Simple Things.
Debasish Mridha|In your love, I dive,to find the beauty of life.
William Hutton|Have I said anything I started out to say about being good? God, I don’t know. A stranger is shot in the street, you hardly move to help. But if half an hour before, you spent just ten minutes with the fellow and knew a little about him and his family, you might just jump in front of his killer and try to stop it. Really knowing is good. Not knowing, or refusing to know, is bad, or amoral, at least. You can’t act if you don’t know. Acting without knowing takes you right off the cliff.
Jeff Goins|If you're "one in a million", and the world is full of seven billion people, that means there are seven thousand people just like you.
Paula Heller Garland|No" she jerked back, stared up at him.Her eyes were like thunderclouds. He'd never seen them like that. Shock and fear filled them. Her face was paper white. Her body shuddering."Don't you leave me!" She gripped his shirt and tried to shake him, tears falling from her eyes. "Don't you leave Noah."His head lowered. He touched her lips with his and knew this woman held the best part of him. The memories of the husband he had been, the man he had been. He couldn't destroy that. He refuse to.He pushed her to Jordan slowly, loath to let her go. To release her. Knowing that releasing her was the only way to save the memories she held."Don't you leave!" She screamed the order, eyes blazing, her lips trembling as tears fell and hysteria threatened to overwhelm her. "If you leave me, Noah Blake, if you don't come back when this is over, don't bother coming back at all. He touched her cheek. Ran his thumb over her lips. "You are the best part of me," he whispered. "Always remember that, Sabella. The best part of me."Before she could grab him, hold him to her, he pulled away, grabbed one of the rifles Mike had set on the table across the room. And left.
Jim George, The Bare Bones Bible® Handbook for Teens: Getting to Know Every Book in the Bible|Scripture, empowered by God’s Spirit, is the instrument that brings people to salvation.
William Morris Hunt|To hike out alone in the desert; to sleep on the valley floor on a night with no moon, in the pitch black, just listening to the boom of silence: you can't imagine what that's like.
Roger Federer|My very best friend died in a car accident when I was 16 years old. That was the hardest blow emotionally that I have ever had to endure. Suddenly, you realize tomorrow might not come. Now I live by the motto, 'Today is what I have.'
Gyan Nagpal|In changing times, question everything you take for granted.
David Clement-Davies, The Sight|There is evil! It's actual, like cement.I can't believe it. I can't stand it.Evil is not a view ... it's an ingredient in us. In the world. Poured over us, filtering into our bodies, minds, hearts, into the pavement itself.
C. Alexander London, Moonlight Brigade|Ha-ha!' the fox laughed. '*Just* stories, you say, as if stories mean nothing? Stories are the stuff that sticks the world together. Stories are the mud from which we're all made. The power to imagine stories is the power to remake the world as we dream it.
John Green, Paper Towns|The longer I do my job the more I realize that humans lack good mirrors. It's so hard for anyone to show us how we look, and so hard for us to show anyone how we feel.
Douglas Wilson|Being in the design industry, I've tended to meet more people who are affected by HIV and AIDS.
M. Ageyev, Novel with Cocaine|Boulevards are like people: similar in their youth, they undergo gradual change according to what ferments in them.
John Keats|Touch has a memory. O say, love, say,What can I do to kill it and be free?
Caroline Alexander, The War That Killed Achilles: The True Story of Homer's Iliad and the Trojan War|The greatest war story ever told commemorates a war that established no boundaries, won no territory, and furthered no cause.
Stephen King, Hearts in Atlantis|Good books are for consideration after, too.
Tony Curl|Not asking questions: Giving up on your dreams: Settling for less than you deserve causes you pain, a pain owned by the majority. Be among the few who are inquisitive, forge plans to chase their dreams and take intentional action to live the life aligned with their potential.
Erin Entrada Kelly, Hello, Universe|Crying is good for the soul. It means something needs to be released. And if you don't release the something, it just weighs you down until you can hardly move.
Stephen Lewis|One is that if women’s sexuality in Africa wasn’t under assault, if women were able to say no, if women weren’t subject to predatory attacks by men, or predatory behavior generally, then you would have a disease in Africa called AIDS. But you wouldn’t have a pandemic.
Rachel Van Dyken, Toxic|Sometimes I wonder if we ever truly let anyone completely in. The desire for another human being to know you, all of you, all the pieces, even the ones you’re ashamed of — is huge. But too often, we sit down and sort through the pieces only picking out the pretty ones, leaving the ugly ones behind, not realizing that choosing not to share with someone else is like committing a crime against our very soul
Jules Verne, The Mysterious Island|I realize that sometimes death comes before you expect it. That while we are rarely prepared for our friends, family and loved ones to die, we are never prepared for our own deaths. Never prepared to reconcile our own regrets.
Dada Bhagwan|Worry is the greatest seed [cause] for the worldly life because worrying is the greatest egoism. If the egoism leaves, then worries will go away.
Stefon Diggs|I will keep smiling, be positive and never give up! I will give 100 percent each time I play. These are always my goals and my attitude.
Jennifer Harrison, Write like no one is reading 2|The lies they've convinced their eyes that they're seeing, will not mar the truth in my lens.
Helen Mirren|The miracle is not that we do this work, but that we are happy to do it.
Kate McGahan, JACK McAFGHAN: Reflections on Life with my Master|I learned to accept that everything happened in her time. When you live in the moment, it’s easier to wait. When you trust and have faith, you just know that whatever it is will come when it will come. Your master will always bring everything to you at the perfect time.
|Respect isn't automatically earned. You have to first position yourself with a level of mannerism that's worth emulating, before others could see a strong reason to respect you.
Rob Lowe|When I was in my teens and 20s, I looked to older Italian and French women. They always seemed so incredibly attractive to me because of their confidence. And because their faces had evidence of age: lines, dark circles, and half-lidded eyes, it made that confidence so rebellious. And that was incredibly attractive to me.
Leanna Renee Hieber, The Strangely Beautiful Tale of Miss Percy Parker|One spirit remained unaware of his presence, staring at Miss Parker with such longing that he reluctantly decided to let it stay. The spirit, a hollow-eyed girl with ringlets and clothing from long past, reached toward Percy, wishing to touch her. Alexi understood. When left to her own devices, Miss Parker was neither shy nor awkward; she was radiant.
Ryūnosuke Akutagawa, The Spider's Thread|We are not built for mountains and dawns and artistic affinities; they are for moments of inspiration, that is all. We are built for the valley, for the ordinary stuff of life, and this is where we have to prove our mettle. A false Christianity takes us up on the mount and we want to stay there. But what about the devil-possessed world? Oh, let it go to hell! We are having a great time up here.
Bill Rancic|The biggest thing you can do is understand that every time you're going to the grocery store, you're voting with your dollars. Support your farmers' market. Support local food. Really learn to cook.
Marina Leigh Hatfield|I am the wood frame, the bundle of ox hair, and the creative spark... my value unhangable.
Orhan Pamuk, My Name is Red|...it seemed to me that the entire world was like a palace with countless rooms whose doors opened into one another. We were able to pass from one room to the next only by exercising out memories and imaginations, but most of us, in our laziness, rarely exercised these capacities, and forever remained in the same room
W.H. Auden, Selected Essays|The basic stimulus to the intelligence is doubt, a feeling that the meaning of an experience is not self-evident.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|Big Rab has worked in Barlinnie’s Wendy House for over seven and a half years. The average time a screw works in the seg blocks is two years, this man has seen it and done it all. Most prisoners will agree, he isn’t a dog either but can be when he wants. He has had legendary roll abouts with some of Scotland’s hardest criminals but at the end of it he doesn’t hold any grudges.
Wilhelm von Humboldt|The Supreme Court has in place a legal structure which protects abortion rights in this country, and something has got to be done to change that before we can put in place truly meaningful protection for the unborn.
Rachel Thompson|I’ve traveled this road for many decades and I still don’t know how to go. I am a wanderer, traversing mountains of time. There is no fault, only fault lines that tremor and quake, barring me, no warning. Aftershocks. -Broken Places
Tom Holt, The Good, the Bad and the Smug|The flower, as he saw it, ruled over evil; it absorbed in itself all innocently shed blood (that is why it is so red) all tears and all the gall of humanity. It was an awful and mysterious being, the antitheses of God, an Ahriman presenting a most unassuming and innocent appearance. It was necessary to break it off and kill it. But this was not all; it was also necessary not to permit it at its death to discharge its evil upon the world.
Sunday Adelaja|Whenever you possess something, but lack the understanding of its value, there are some consequences you suffer
Fred Rogers|[Y]ou can't control everything. Anything, really. Like the food we've been making. We can follow the recipe exactly as your grandmother wrote it, do everything exactly--or almost exactly--as she had, and the dish can come out so-so instead of amazing. Or it can come out amazing when you were expecting very little.
Ellen Pompeo|My favorite English teacher in high school showed me 'Brazil' when I was 15, and it blew my mind. It's one of those movies that's revealed itself in different ways as I've gone back to it over the years.
Lao Tzu|Heaven’s Tao is impartial,yet those who follow its compassionate waywill always be nourished
Marc Andreessen|But theater, because of its nature, both text, images, multimedia effects, has a wider base of communication with an audience. That's why I call it the most social of the various art forms.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|They think I’m not entirely ‘grounded in reality’, they say. They want me to go to some live-in nerdy activity ranch thing for troubled Canadian youth, that one out in Ontario where you come back programmed like some robot, dressed in a tye-dyed shirt and eating tuna sandwiches,” Mandy explained, a horrified look on her face. “You’re eighteen, not twelve! Would they really send you to some rat’s nest like that?” Wendy questioned in mock horror. “Aw hell no, if you get sent there, they’ll make you hold hands and sing songs about caring! And they’ll force you to recycle everything in blue canisters, and to discuss your emotions in front of groups of bratty little dopes!”“Dear god, they’ll have geeky youth wiener roasts at night, and no locks on the doors!” Mandy added, eyes wide. “…It’ll be the day pigs fly, my parents have the camp brochure on the fridge but they’ll never go through with sending me there. They always forget.
Sunday Adelaja|The democracy of to-day hold the liberty of one man to be absolutely nothing when in conflict with another man's right of property...This is a world of compensations; and he would -be- no slave must consent to -have- no slave. Those who deny freedom to others, deserve it not for themselves; and, under a just God, can not long retain it.All honor to Jefferson - to the man who, in the concrete pressure of a struggle for national independence by a single people, had the coolness, forecast, and capacity to introduce into a merely revolutionary document, an abstract truth, applicable to all men and all times, and so embalm it there, that to-day, and in all coming days, it shall be a rebuke and a stumbling-block to the very harbingers of re-appearing tyranny and oppression. Your obedient Servant,[Abraham Lincoln]April 6, 1859, in a letter to MA State Rep Henry L. PierceSpringfield, Ill.
Barack Obama|We're trained to see the world in terms of charismatic organizations and charismatic people. That's who we look to for leadership and change, for transformation. We're awaiting the next J.F.K., the next Martin Luther King, the next Gandhi, the next Nelson Mandela.
Mary Balogh, Only a Kiss|Best, perhaps to keep one's nickels forever in one's pockets, to savor delicious possibility over mundane experience.
Katy Tackes, Each Time She Wakes|...once you express your will, the Universe will conspire with each and every atom to help you reach your destiny.
Kathy Lyons, For the Bear's Eyes Only|He just wants to be heard," Hank said.That's all any of us want. To know that someone hears our pain.
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|We often think that earth is the ground where our houses are built; but scientifically saying, space is the ground and earth is the house built on that ground!
Noah Hawley, Other People's Weddings|Everybody acts like the future is so far away, when really every moment that passes is the future.
S.J. Kincaid, The Diabolic|Some might call us a monstrous pair, and they would be right. Tyrus and I were both scorpions in our way, dangerous creatures crossing the most treacherous of rivers together. Together we might sting - but we also would float.
Robbie Lawler|My genuine belief is that if we can get through the eurozone crisis from a political point of view, we've got a lot of engines that can drive our economy, that will restore confidence and get us moving on.
Zadie Smith|In man - in the history of mankind, this has happened many times, and occupation leaders cling on to the land that they're occupying. People fight to liberate their land. But in the end, the people's will is what achieves victory.
Richard Rogers|I believe very strongly, and have fought since many years ago - at least over 30 years ago - to get architecture not just within schools, but architecture talked about under history, geography, science, technology, art.
Dominic Monaghan|Darkness is to space what silence is to sound, i.e., the interval.
Wallace Stevens|But now, at this moment, you can't hook your boat to mine, 'cause I'm liable to sink us both. (222)
Karl Kraus|Reason respects the differences, and imagination the similitudes of things.
George Eliot, Adam Bede|Tim Tebow's Dad turned a screw-up into a testimony when a fire to burn weeds in a field got out of control. With his family still smelling like smoke from containing the fire, he conducted a lesson from verses where James compares danger of speech to an out-of-control spark.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|Love, he thinks, is a lie that people tell each other in order to make the world bearable. He is not up for the lie anymore. And nobody is going to lie to him like that, anyway. He's not even worth a lie.
Marilyn Monroe|Just because you fall once, doesn't mean you're fall at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always trust yourself, because if you don't then who will??
Francis Brett Young, Cold Harbour|The longer one lives, the more mysterious life seems.
Ayn Rand|You never get it right, you people, do you? Either we've got Fudge, pretending everything's lovely while people get murdered right under his nose, or we've got you, chucking the wrong people into jail and trying to pretend you've got 'The Chosen One' working for you!
Ezra Taft Benson|Even a cup of coffee tastes so much sweeter because you've come once again out of the, literally, out of the edge of death, and that's the condition I suppose that a lot of artists and writers would like to be in.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|The watchful Mishmorat commented while waiting, contemplating Eena’s bare back. “Your people are so plain and pale.”“Oh?” Eena kinked her neck to look at Niki, zeroing in on her long spotted arms. Her bronze skin was arguably more striking—speckled in beautiful patterns.“I’m sorry,” the Mishmorat quickly apologized. “I didn’t mean to be rude. It’s just that I’ve never seen such bare skin before. There’s nothing to look at.”Eena quickly pulled the new t-shirt down over her back. She chuckled at Niki’s comment. “I’ll admit your people are very attractive. But I’m okay with my ‘plainness.’” She glanced over her pale legs before pulling on a clean pair of pants. “You’re kinda like a clear, cloudless sky,” Niki said, cocking her head wonderingly.“And you’re like a…..a sky dotted with shapely clouds.”“Only dark clouds.”“Storm clouds.”“Yeah,” Niki grinned devilishly, “That’s me—a sky full of storm clouds.
Debasish Mridha|Even if you walk through a beautiful garden, you will not be able to find the beauty if your heart is not ready to bloom.
Rodney  Jenkins|I had a dream about you. It happened during the day. You used a pencil to erase the ink I wrote over the chalkboard since the professor told me 7 + 4 didn't equal 10. You were really cool about it; in fact, you handed me a bucket of ice. Apparently I needed to chill out.
Robert Capa|If the Founding Fathers and other patriots who fought during the Revolutionary War could see the United States today, I believe they would be proud of the path that the thirteen colonies, now fifty strong states, have taken since then.
Nikki Rowe|I think it's important as a women to know who you are and what you deserve. We, ourselves set the boundaries of what we choose to accept. Instead of complaining about the men who's actions don't fit your own & move on and find one that does.
Debasish Mridha|When you serve the humanity and contribute to the society without expectation, you are happy.
Ming-Dao Deng|All teachings are mere references. The true experience is living your own life. Then, even the holiest of words are only words.
Charles Bukowski|during my worst timeson the park benchesin the jailsor living withwhoresI always had this certaincontentment-I wouldn't call ithappiness-it was more of an innerbalancethat settled forwhatever was occuringand it helped in thefactoriesand when relationshipswent wrongwith thegirls.it helpedthrough thewars and thehangoversthe backalley fightsthehospitals.to awaken in a cheap roomin a strange city andpull up the shade-this was the craziest kind ofcontentmentand to walk across the floorto an old dresser with acracked mirror-see myself, ugly,grinning at it all.what matters most ishow well youwalk through thefire.
Linda Rottenberg, Crazy Is a Compliment: The Power of Zigging When Everyone Else Zags|If you're not called crazy when you launch something new, it means you're not thinking BIG enough.
Pat Travers|The legal right of a taxpayer to decrease the amount of what otherwise would be his taxes, or altogether avoid them, by means which the law permits, cannot be doubted.
Ernest Vincent Wright, Gadsby|Stalin was always exceptional, even from childhood. We have relied on Trotsky’s unrecognizably prejudiced portrait for too long. The truth was different. Trotsky’s view tells us more about his own vanity, snobbery and lack of political skills than about the early Stalin.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|You are like a chestnut burr, prickly outside, but silky-soft within, and a sweet kernel, if one can only get at it. Love will make you show your heart some day, and then the rough burr will fall off.
Saosin|Great artists make the roads; good teachers and good companions can point them out. But there ain't no free rides, baby. No hitchhiking. And if you want to strike out in any new direction — you go alone. With a machete in your hand and the fear of God in your heart.
Avina Celeste|Home is where you feel more welcome, more secure, have more rights, where you are loved. This place can be any place even away from what you would normally call home.
J.B.S. Haldane, Possible Worlds|Now, my own suspicion is that the universe is not only queerer than we suppose, but queerer than we can suppose. I have read and heard many attempts at a systematic account of it, from materialism and theosophy to the Christian system or that of Kant, and I have always felt that they were much too simple. I suspect that there are more things in heaven and earth that are dreamed of, or can be dreamed of, in any philosophy. That is the reason why I have no philosophy myself, and must be my excuse for dreaming.
Michael Poeltl|In such a person, sadness breeds purpose; finding inspiration in the darkness and often times, I believe, they will impress a hell onto their own lives in order to re-create it, that others might suffer the experience from the comfort of their armchairs. - Quote from Her Past's Present.
Robert Frost|The heart can think of no devotionGreater than being shore to the ocean-Holding the curve of one position,Counting an endless repetition.
Liu Cixin, The Three-Body Problem|As a science fiction writer who began as a fan, I do not use my fiction as a disguised way to criticize the reality of the present. I feel that the greatest appeal of science fiction is the creation of numerous imaginary worlds outside of reality. I’ve always felt that the greatest and most beautiful stories in the history of humanity were not sung by wandering bards or written by playwrights and novelists, but told by science. The stories of science are far more magnificent, grand, involved, profound, thrilling, strange, terrifying, mysterious, and even emotional, compared to the stories told by literature. Only, these wonderful stories are locked in cold equations that most do not know how to read.The creation myths of the various peoples and religions of the world pale when compared to the glory of the big bang. The three-billion-year history of life’s evolution from self-reproducing molecules to civilization contains twists and romances that cannot be matched by any myth or epic. There is also the poetic vision of space and time in relativity, the weird subatomic world of quantum mechanics … these wondrous stories of science all possess an irresistible attraction. Through the medium of science fiction, I seek only to create my own worlds using the power of imagination, and to make known the poetry of Nature in those worlds, to tell the romantic legends that have unfolded between Man and Universe.
Miguel Ruiz|1. Be Impeccable With Your WordSpeak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love. 2. Don't Take Anything PersonallyNothing others do is because of you. What others say and do is a projection of their own reality, their own dream. When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering. 3. Don't Make AssumptionsFind the courage to ask questions and to express what you really want. Communicate with others as clearly as you can to avoid misunderstandings, sadness and drama. With just this one agreement, you can completely transform your life. 4. Always Do Your BestYour best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Some we proudly display on our arms, while others we shyly conceal. Tattoo the moments of sorrow as well as the moments of splendor and beauty. Tattoo in an acknowledgment and tribute to home, and tattooing your beliefs that define who you are. Whether we intended to or not, every moment of our lives are tattooed to our heart.
LifeOfGrace|Stay beautiful, tay positive, and remember that you remember in this world.
Kevin Crossley-Holland|Even though many couples are choosing to marry later in life, our laws haven't been updated to address dating partner abuse.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|The most difficult experience one might ever have, is to grieve the loss of a Loved-one who is still alive.
Jon Kabat-Zinn|The awareness is not part of the darkness or the pain; it holds the pain, and knows it, so it has to be more fundamental, and closer to what is healthy and strong and golden within you.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|In their sleep, both boys kept moving closer to me, and when I finally drifted off, there was one arm wrapped around my stomach and one hand intertwined with mine.
Alin Sav|If your vision is bigger than you are, look for partners who are bigger than your vision.
Quinn Loftis, Dream of Me|Tears are good for you," Raphael said. When she opened her eyes back up, he knelt down. His large frame seemed to make the room shrink. His face was almost level with hers as his eyes met Emma's. "They are a gift from the Creator to his creation. Tears release endorphins in the mind that help sooth and comfort. They cleanse the eyes and relieve stress, thereby lowering blood pressure and taking strain off of the heart. He created you with tears and nothing he created is bad. Those tears you are holding in are necessary, Emma. Let them fall, let them heal, and let them remind you with each one that you are not alone.
Unarine Ramaru|It is easier to fall off the ladder once you on top, the balance is being aware of your environment.
Denny Taylor, From the Child's Point of View|Standing side by side children with our heads together, we are trying to understand their learning based on what we observe as they use the social, technical, symbolic, and material resources at their disposal.
Robert P. Rowe, Second-Story Man|Love Yourself and Care Others,People Will Respect You Automatically
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Leadership is not only about producing results or measuring success with statistics. Leadership is doing something with significance that makes families, organizations, societies, nations, and the world a better place before you die.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The Proud Tower: A Portrait of the World Before the War, 1890-1914|So highly revered was commingle, that the Jews called him "the beauty of the Law".
Thich Nhat Hanh|Drink your tea slowly and reverently, as if it is the axis on which the world earth revolves - slowly, evenly, without rushing toward the future.
Katie Crouch and Grady Hendrix, The White Glove War|I can't help frowning. "But Madison designed that cocktail dress herself...
Thomas Huxley|While the finish given to our picture of the world by the theory of relativity has already been absorbed into the general scientific consciousness, this has scarcely occurred to the same extent with those aspects of the general problem of knowledge which have been elucidated by the quantum theory.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|What now matters most is how we respond to various risks to the survival of humanity. We are creating some of these risks, and discovering how we could respond to these and other risks. If we reduce these risks, and humanity survives the next few centuries, our descendants or successors could end these risks by spreading through this galaxy.Life can be wonderful as well as terrible, and we shall increasingly have the power to make life good. Since human history may be only just beginning, we can expect that future humans, or supra-humans, may achieve some great goods that we cannot now even imagine. In Nietzsche’s words, there has never been such a new dawn and clear horizon, and such an open sea.If we are the only rational beings in the Universe, as some recent evidence suggests, it matters even more whether we shall have descendants or successors during the billions of years in which that would be possible. Some of our successors might live lives and create worlds that, though failing to justify past suffering, would give us all, including some of those who have suffered, reasons to be glad that the Universe exists.
Herman Melville|The amazing ones are, those that don't know it!
Rick Yancey, The Infinite Sea|Walter had never liked cats. They'd seemed to him the sociopaths of the pet world, a species domesticated as an evil necessary for the control of rodents and subsequently fetishized the way unhappy countries fetishize their militaries, saluting the uniforms of killers as cat owners stroke their animals' lovely fur and forgive their claws and fangs. He'd never seen anything in a cat's face but simpering incuriosity and self-interest; you only had to tease one with a mouse-toy to see where it's true heart lay...cats were all about using people
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|12 Simple Ways to Deliver Service Beyond Self1.	Make it Easy for People to Do Business with You.2.	Be an Awesome, Sincere Listener. 3.	Listen to Customers’ Words and tone of voice, body language, and how they feel. Ask questions, listen, and meet them on their level. Explain, guide, educate, assist and do what is necessary to help them get the information they need to fully understand regarding their question or issue.4.	Show Enthusiasm. Greet customers with genuine interest. Give them your best. Think, act, and talk with positive enthusiasm and you will attract positive results. Your attitude is contagious!5.	Identify and Anticipate Needs. Most customer needs are more emotional rather than logical. 6.	Under Promise & Over Deliver. Apply the principle of “Service Beyond Self” . . . give more than expected. Meet and exceed their expectations. If you can’t serve their needs, connect them with whoever can. 7.	Make them Feel Important.Our deepest desire is to feel important. People rarely care how much you know until they know how much you care. Use their names, find ways to compliment them—and be sincere. 8.	Take Responsibility for their Satisfaction.Do whatever is necessary to help them solve their problems. Let them know that if they can’t find answers to their questions to come back to you for help.9.	Treat your TEAM well. Fellow colleagues are your internal customers and need a regular dose of appreciation. Thank them and find ways to let them know how important they are. Treat your colleagues with respect; chances are they will have a higher regard for customers. 10.	Choose an Attitude of Gratitude. Gratitude changes your perspective and helps you appreciate the good rather than simply taking it for granted.11.	Perform, Provide and Follow-Up.Always perform or provide your service in a spirit of excellence and integrity. If you say you’re going to do something—DO IT! There is tremendous value in being a resource for your customer. If you can help them to succeed, they are more likely to help you succeed. Use Gracious Words. "Thank you, thank you very much.
Kevin Hart|Unfortunately, we force people to break the law in order to get any kind of mental health treatment.
Kirtida Gautam, #iAm16iCan|I simply love Drosera plants! Those tentacles, I love those tentacles...~ Aarush Kashyap
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|When Islam swept out of the Arabian Peninsula, it became an invasive species to both the pagan and Christian areas it conquered. With it came the sexual practices of a very patriarchal, polygamist culture. While the religions it displaced were not particularly sex positive, Islamic sexual practices, on the whole, were uniformly sex negative.
James Michael Rice, For Those Who Worship The Sun|She’d been caught up in that image, that flash, man’s nuclear stamp, and had not really understood what happened after.
Algis Budrys, Rogue Moon|The better you tell an old story, the more you are talking about right now.
Kohta Hirano|Resignation is what kills people. Once they've rejected resignation, humans gain the privilege of making humanity their footpath.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|A man who rightly governs self, may also govern family without the crippling cowardice, crutch of control.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|It's just one day, one twenty-four-hour period to get yourself through. - Adam
Terry Spear, A Silver Wolf Christmas|But here I am in July, and why am I thinking about Christmas pudding? Probably because we always pine for what we do not have. The winter seems cozy and romantic in the hell of summer, but hot beaches and sunlight are what we yearn for all winter.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls:Life Lessons from Solo Moments in New York|Though I have not lived in New York City for more than two decades, these storytellers – from the United States, Britain and Canada – have touched my heart with their openness, inspired me with their joie de vivre and deepened my appreciation for my hometown as a worldwide phenomenon. Welcome to our New York.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Do you know what that’s like?” Asher choked out, forcing himself to keep his feelings in check. “To be with someone who shines so brightly he’s all you can see? That’s how I feel when I’m with your brother. To me he’s… everything.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Dagny," he said, looking at the city as it moved past their taxi window, "think of the first man who thought of making a steel girder. He knew what he saw, what he thought and what he wanted. He did not say, 'It seems to me,' and he did not take orders from those who say, 'In my opinion.
Jessiie Mahadeo|When I first accepted my own death, the world was intantly changed. It was a completely new sensation. It took something like this to finally open my eyes. Before, I had simply shut myself off so that I could not see, could not hear. What had I been doing all this time?
John Steinbeck, A Russian Journal|For the evil our government does, tinfoil hats are simply not required, and are indeed a detriment.
Syed Arshad, If It's Not Love|when whisperedwhat an exquisitesong, it makes-your name.
Richelle E. Goodrich|If you want to challenge yourself as an Author, raise the bar as a reader.-Suzanne Steele
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|But now, for the first time, I see you are a man like me. I thought of your hand-grenades, of your bayonet, of your rifle; now I see your wife and your face and our fellowship. Forgive me, comrade. We always see it too late. Why do they never tell us that you are poor devils like us, that your mothers are just as anxious as ours, and that we have the same fear of death, and the same dying and the same agony--Forgive me, comrade; how could you be my enemy?
Debasish Mridha|Ah, life, you make us suffer to love you more.
Francis M. Nevins Jr., Night and Fear: A Centenary Collection of Stories by Cornell Woolrich|People approach writers, assuming we pull a perfect text out of our nose each time (well spelled). Spelling is the least of it.
Deborah Bray Haddock, The Dissociative Identity Disorder Sourcebook|As a therapist, I have many avenues in which to learn about DID, but I hear exactly the opposite from clients and others who are struggling to understand their own existence. When I talk to them about the need to let supportive people into their lives, I always get a variation of the same answer. "It is not safe. They won't understand." My goal here is to provide a small piece of that gigantic puzzle of understanding. If this book helps someone with DID start a conversation with a supportive friend or family member, understanding will be increased.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|I've never minded it," he went on. "Being lost, that is. I had always thought one could not truly be lost if one knew one's own heart. But I fear I may be lost without knowing yours.
Ethan Mordden, How Long Has This Been Going On?|The problem with you middle-class gay guys is, you pass for white. You move to the metropolitan gay centres, and you're more or less closeted--"private", you'd call it--when you step outside the ghetto. You assimilate yourselves, and suddenly you've got property to protect and money invested. I ask you, what impelled the militants of the civil rights movement of the sixties? You know what impelled them? They had nothing to lose. That's how they could brave the police dogs and the fire hoses. Even torture and death. Could you have done that?
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|I see myself abandoned, solitary, thrown into a cell without dimensions, where light and shadows are silent phantoms. Within my inner self I find the silence I am seeking. But it leaves me so bereft of any memory of any human being and of me myself, that I transform this impression into the certainty of physical solitude. Were I to cry out — I can no longer see things clearly — my voice would receive the same indifferent echo from the walls of the earth.
Arthur Schopenhauer|How very paltry and limited the normal human intellect is, and how little lucidity there is in the human consciousness, may be judged from the fact that, despite the ephemeral brevity of human life, the uncertainty of our existence and the countless enigmas which press upon us from all sides, everyone does not continually and ceaselessly philosophize, but that only the rarest of exceptions do.
Junot Diaz|I hate to tell you this, but I did not even like visiting Versailles. I found it just too ornate. It was like a complete diet of cotton candy, marzipan, and whipped cream. It gave me the mental equivalent of one of those toothaches you get when you bite into something too sweet.
Riisa Renee, Breaking the Silence|This in essence is my goal. To set an example by doing what is good. If I live openly and honestly, I set an example of virtue, humanness, restoration, and healing. I give others permission to join me on my journey despite the fear of failure or the rejection it might elicit when they know they are not alone in their experience. The more of us who amass the courage to embark openly on this path, the more normal this experience becomes, effectively eliminating the tactic of shame and isolation that the enemy so often uses to cause us to falter.
Dan Krokos, False Memory|I am in Love with you, it’s me who is in love with you not you,I am in love with you.Not in a way i wanted to but yeah the way I am fond toHey i am in love with you,not treating you like i wanted to but just being the one that thought of toyeah I am in love with you,Loving you was the secrete i wanted to keepand buried deep inside my emotional heap,Doing everything possible what i had toBut baby it hurts as it hurts you too,but yeah still i am in love with you,Pulled myself million times coz i got the wrong vibe all the time,but the truth remains the samebaby hear me as i am in love with you,Waiting on you I could see people were laughing on meI knew all the while you weren't near me.But you should know that I am in love with youThere were some days I missed you a lot and scared to tell you how i feel cold and hotfor you as i am in love with you is the only dreamAnd then I am in love with youi remember i have cried to sleepand bagged myself to keep you awayfrom the highest steepthe voice that said from within me I am in love with youJust I LOVE YOU was the only words I wanna hear from youeven while knowing, you don’t mean tocoz simply I feel the way I wanted toLoving to say i am in love with you.wake up in the morning with only you in my mind till i sleep at deep way in the nightI know its all silly things for your kindbut its perfect to me as clearly - deeply in love with youWhen you being nice to me that scares me sometimesbut bottom in my heart it feels so nice coz during that timei am in love with you,Doesn't matter whatever i do with you even things i have never done beforeand i enjoyed them all coz simply as I am in love with you.In the first waiting on you was the favorite thing in my dayweather it s a call or just a look from you from the farthest bayI asked myself why and the voice within me said that i am in love with you.
Zeena Schreck|The core practice of magic is: The execution of a willed intent to create change in the material world, which either defies, hastens or purifies the consequences of natural cause and effect.
Frances Beinecke|Over and over, we hear politicians say they can't spend our tax dollars on environmental protection when the economy is so fragile.
Daniel Radcliffe|Think about finding out when you're 13 that your dad is not your dad. It's like, okay, take it on the chin and keep going. No choice, really.
Beth Ditto|Under the whole "personal is political" motto of feminism, I feel that personal kindness, treating people decently, is political-is punk.
John Yang aka Private83|An enemy of yours is an enemy of mine; an enemy of mine is an enemy of yours; if an enemy of mine is not an enemy of yours, then you're an enemy of mine.
Joel Fuhrman|Sodium is an important mineral that is essential for proper functioning of the human body - however, the American diet contains dangerously high amounts of sodium, almost 80 percent of which comes from processed and restaurant foods.
H.L. Mencken, Minority Report|We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children smart.
Catherine Richmond, Spring for Susannah|God hears your every thought, whether you dress it up with 'Thee' and 'Thou' or not.
Don Miguel Ruiz|I never could have done what I have done without the habits of punctuality, order, and diligence, without the determination to concentrate myself on one subject at a time.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Compassion does not need any special preparation, place or time. You can start it anywhere and anytime. Try it at home, work, school —or anywhere! The more you cultivate compassion the more will be your fulfillment, resilience, patience, grit, endurance and equanimity.
Jennifer Melzer, The Goblin Market|Even a wise man knows doubt from time to time, it is the fool who allows it to rule his judgement.
Ann Brashares, Girls in Pants: The Third Summer of the Sisterhood|When you feel someone else's pain and joy as powerfully as if it were your own, then you know you really loved them.
Mike Battaglia|Why do things happen the way they do? Is there some kind of order in all this chaos that we just don't see, or is it all, as the mathematically minded people would like us to believe, just random coincidence? If you put one hundred apes in a room, they'll tell you, with one hundred typewriters, and given an infinite amount of time and bananas, one of them would eventually churn out the complete Oxford dictionary. It's all statistical math and probability. The odds of winning the lottery are greater than the odds of getting struck by lightning, but someone wins, don't they? And people get hit by lightning disturbingly more often that you would think. Their point is, eventually all things happen. No matter how philosophically unprejudiced you are, you can't argue with statistical probabilities. But you can certainly give the mathematicians some substantial cud to chew on, can't you? For instance, sure, everything may be eventual from a statistical point of view, but what happens to the formula if you plug in when a particular thing happens? The fortuitousness of the timing? Or combine a particular coincidence with other seemingly non-related coincidences that might have occurred within the same general time frame? We've all had it happen. It's one of our favorite phrases: "Why me? Why now?" Well, when you take the "when" into account, all kinds of very interesting and un-mathematical things begins to happen. The coincidence becomes too coincidental to be a coincidence.
Lindy West|Don’t tell thin women to eat a cheeseburger. Don’t tell fat women to put down the fork. Don’t tell underweight men to bulk up. Don’t tell women with facial hair to wax, don’t tell uncircumcised men they’re gross, don’t tell muscular women to go easy on the dead-lift, don’t tell dark-skinned women to bleach their vagina, don’t tell black women to relax their hair, don’t tell flat-chested women to get breast implants, don’t tell “apple-shaped” women what’s “flattering,” don’t tell mothers to hide their stretch marks, and don’t tell people whose toes you don’t approve of not to wear flip-flops. And so on, etc, etc, in every iteration until the mountains crumble to the sea. Basically, just go ahead and CEASE telling other human beings what they “should” and “shouldn't” do with their bodies unless a) you are their doctor, or b) SOMEBODY GODDAMN ASKED YOU.
Adam Smith|It is not materialism that is the chief curse of the world, as pastors teach, but idealism. Men get into trouble by taking their visions and hallucinations too seriously.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Hercules used noise! Brass bells! He scared them away with the most horrible sound he could-" said Percy"Percy... Chiron's collection!
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|She's your mother. I asked, Plus, you do look a bit like her. When you're angry, you both get these tense lines around your mouth...Look, there they are.
Maya Angelou|What is a fear of living? It's being preeminently afraid of dying. It is not doing what you came here to do, out of timidity and spinelessness. The antidote is to take full responsibility for yourself - for the time you take up and the space you occupy. If you don't know what you're here to do, then just do some good.
Pope Benedict XVI|Since the Revolution, eight generations of America's veterans have established an unbroken commitment to freedom.
Pope Theodoros II|Nobility of spirit has more to do with simplicity than ostentation, wisdom rather than wealth, commitment rather than ambition.
Harper Lee|You deny them hope... You are telling them that Jesus loves them, but not much.
litymunshi|dream . larger than in sleep.dream ,if its helps you to growdream ,if you opened up to lifedream if you recognise another you inside your mind and heart my dear , don't let this go .dream, for everything ,you know this comes to you asking you that you can do it again
J.K Rowling, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child|If I had to choose a companion to be at the return of eternal darkness with, I'd choose you.'No offence, but I'd choose someone massive and really good at magic.
Jennifer Apodaca, Exposing the Heiress|Refusing to let her stealthy slip away, he firmly pulled her to him, unwilling to continue this dance any longer. Although she nervously tried to resist, he could feel the pounding of her heart, and the weakness in her arms. In a soft, charming voice, he challenged, "Would it be so horrible to end this waltz, and just kiss me?
Adam Hochschild, King Leopold's Ghost|Most striking about the traditional societies of the Congo was their remarkable artwork: baskets, mats, pottery, copper and ironwork, and, above all, woodcarving. It would be two decades before Europeans really noticed this art. Its discovery then had a strong influence on Braque, Matisse, and Picasso -- who subsequently kept African art objects in his studio until his death. Cubism was new only for Europeans, for it was partly inspired by specific pieces of African art, some of them from the Pende and Songye peoples, who live in the basin of the Kasai River, one of the Congo's major tributaries.It was easy to see the distinctive brilliance that so entranced Picasso and his colleagues at their first encounter with this art at an exhibit in Paris in 1907. In these central African sculptures some body parts are exaggerated, some shrunken; eyes project, cheeks sink, mouths disappear, torsos become elongated; eye sockets expand to cover almost the entire face; the human face and figure are broken apart and formed again in new ways and proportions that had previously lain beyond sight of traditional European realism.The art sprang from cultures that had, among other things, a looser sense than Islam or Christianity of the boundaries between our world and the next, as well as those between the world of humans and the world of beasts. Among the Bolia people of the Congo, for example, a king was chosen by a council of elders; by ancestors, who appeared to him in a dream; and finally by wild animals, who signaled their assent by roaring during a night when the royal candidate was left at a particular spot in the rain forest. Perhaps it was the fluidity of these boundaries that granted central Africa's artists a freedom those in Europe had not yet discovered. 
Jacquelyn Ayres, Under Contract|Let the Kez come,” Tamas roared. “Let them send their greatest generals after us. Let them stack the odds against us. Let them come upon us with all their fury, because these hounds at our heels will soon know we are lions!
Charlie Jane Anders, All the Birds in the Sky|Why would anybody be a Satanist, anyway? I don’t get it. You can’t believe in Satan without believing in God, and then you’re just picking the wrong side in a big mythic battle thing.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|She is a beautiful creature, but beauty doesn't equal good and it certainly doesn't equal sane.
Abhijit Naskar|Neuron is to Consciousness, what D.N.A. is to Life. Thus, Biology of Mind is to the twenty-first century, what Biology of Life was to the twentieth century.
Angelina Jolie|You'd think, 'What if I make a mistake today, I'll regret it'. I don’t believe in regret, I feel everything leads us to where we are and we have to just jump forward, mean well, commit and just see what happens.
Blaise Pascal|Once you go inside and weed through the muck, you will find the real beauty, the truth about yourself.
Edouard Manet|Her thoughts drifted to Tyler Dunn... to the feeling of being held in his arms. Wistfulness curled through her heart and she wished for the freedom to enjoy the attention of a man... to indulge in a lady-like flirtation... to fall in love. Although the wishes weren't new, for the first time, she had someone to weave the fantasy around. She could easily paint a romantic dream of living here with Tyler. But, Lily knew that dreaming about such a life would only make it harder to live with her reality. Yet, she couldn't help imagining him in the pool like this, naked as a newborn babe, yet all man.
Thomas Aquinas|A song is the exultation of the mind dwelling on eternal things, bursting forth in the voice.
John Raptor|I alternate between feeling sympathetic toward humanity and being a misanthrope. When I'm sympathetic, it usually means I haven't been around people in awhile.
Frederick Espiritu, One Whole Naked Me|Where there is love, there is no need.Where there is need, there is suffering.
Meg Rosoff, Picture Me Gone|Thinking is an act of creating sunshine! The more we think, the more our way will be illuminated!
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|The Art of Action explores specific action steps you can take for personal and professional transformation. Start by taking the initiative to be kind, courageous, and polite.
Daniel Suelo, The Man Who Quit Money|We, ironically known as the civilizados - in practically everything that matters they're a damned sight more civilized than we are - bring them so-called progress, which harms them, so-called change, which harms them, so-called civilization, which harms them even more, and desease, which kills them.
Chris Prentiss, The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure|At times it may seem worse - harder, at least - to live through the despair of this loss without the temporary comfort of our addictive behaviour. We cannot drown our sorrows. We must face the fact that we don’t know, really, where we are, how we got here, how long the pain will last, or how to move past it. That uncertainty may be the most painful part of not knowing a God: no one is there to reassure us that a God will take the pain and confusion away. We simply don’t know. And we have no way to numb ourselves or to forget the condition we’re in.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|ALGERNON. I really don't see anything romantic in proposing. It is very romantic to be in love. But there is nothing romantic about a definite proposal. Why, one may be accepted. One usually is, I believe. Then the excitement is all over. The very essence of romance is uncertainty. If ever I get married, I'll certainly try to forget the fact.JACK. I have no doubt about that, dear Algy. The Divorce Court was specially invented for people whose memories are so curiously constituted.ALGERNON. Oh! there is no use speculating on that subject. Divorces are made in Heaven-...
John  French, Ahriman: The Omnibus|In myth, violent death is always justified.
Earthschool Harmony, Back To Grace|Your spiritual heart imbibes in the primordial light and, as you dance towards infinity, you begin to see all things are held together by the power of love.
Megan McKenna, The New Stations of the Cross: The Way of the Cross According to Scripture|As the epic film, Noah, debuts this weekend, those of you who have read Samrajni of Pemako know about the Noah subplot in the novel.Yes, Safiya the protagonist is distantly related to Noah...
James L. Farrell|First, Christ took upon his own head the sins of those who have wronged us. Second, because of this, he stands between us and those whom we think have wronged us, asking us to realize that the atonement is sufficient for those sins and to therefore repent of our grudges and give up our enmity. And finally, if we forgive, the atonement fills us with what we have lacked and either washes away our pain, or sustains us in it.
Bernhard Schlink|I could never stop comparing the way it was with Gertrud and the way it had been with Hanna; again and again, Gertrud and I would hold each other, and I would feel that something was wrong, that she was wrong, that she moved wrong and felt wrong, smelled wrong and tasted wrong. I thought I would get over it. I hoped it would go away. I wanted to be free of Hanna. But I never got over the feeling that something was wrong.
Ed Brubaker|I can’t remember exactly when I started to steal, but I do remember being aware of the fact that if I wanted to enjoy myself and be popular, money was the way to do it.
Edwidge Danticat, Breath, Eyes, Memory|I sink down into my body as into a swamp, fenland, where only I know the footing….I’m a cloud, congealed around a central object, the shape of a pear, which is hard and more real than I am and glows red within its translucent wrapping. Inside it is a space, huge as the sky at night and dark and curved like that, though black-red rather than black.
Rachel Vincent, Stray|When mice run, cats give chase.
Michelle Rowen, Stakes & Stilettos|Look at you, all Rocky Horror Picture Ho.
Craig Ferguson, Between the Bridge and the River|If you can't trust, you can't be trustworthy.
Mark Gallagher|If you aim to be the best then it's essential to evolve constantly, learn from past mistakes, look for new opportunities and have the flexibility to implement improved processes and solutions along the way.
Winston Churchill|Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us.
Don Van Vliet|Well, the gold fish in the bowl lay upside down bloatingFull in the sky and the plains were bleached white with skeletonsVarious species grouped together accordingTo their past beliefsThe only way they ever all got together wasNot in love but shameful grief
L. Frank Baum, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz|Can't you give me brains?" asked the Scarecrow."You don't need them. You are learning something every day. A baby has brains, but it doesn't know much. Experience is the only thing that brings knowledge, and the longer you are on earth the more experience you are sure to get.
Ming-Dao Deng, 365 Tao: Daily Meditations|No. You see, the night works differently here than in the human realm,’ he continues. ‘Duwyn is a world of balance. Good and bad, light and dark – both must exist to keep the world in harmony.’Oh God, he’s going to give me a Pocahontas speech.
Akiroq Brost|You are your own sanctuary. Peace always comes from within. Find the things, the thoughts, and perspectives that allow you to cultivate peace within yourself. If you find your spirit disturbed, pull yourself back. Learn yourself. Learn how to manipulate and control your emotional state. Allow yourself to feel all your emotions, but with control, being able to choose when and where. Love yourself enough to create a safe haven of peace within yourself that you can then carry into any situation, into any storm.
Christina Engela, Blachart: Galaxii Series Book 1|If men could become pregnant - or be legally raped, or understand the unsubtle differences between 'yes' and 'no', i am certain you would soon see them change their tune about abortion and the treatment and trivialization of the suffering of rape victims.
Rachel Heffington|...and above all, you should not think of writing as a way of earning your living. If you do, your work will smell of your poverty. It will be colored by your weakness and be as thin as your hunger. There are other trades which you can take up: make boots, not books.
Joe Abercrombie, Red Country|The Inquisitor waited for silence. "Do you believe in anything?""Not if I can help it. Belief alone is nothing to be proud of, Inquisitor. Belief without evidence is the very hallmark of the savage.
Julian Fellowes|Come Christmas Eve, we usually go to my mom and dad's. Everybody brings one gift and then we play that game when we all steal it from each other. Some are really cool, others are useful and some are a bit out there.
Kim Harrison|Pieces"Isn't that what all of life is anyway?Shards. Bits. Moments.Am I less because I have fewer, or do the few I have mean more?Am I just as full as anyone else? Enough?Pieces.Allys saying "I like you"Gabriel snorting out bread freeing me to laugh.And Ethan reminding me how much I do know.Pieces.I hold them likethey are life itself.They nearly are.
Brad Pitt|It is not like I have gone crazy, I just don't want to take any chances. You never know what could happen.
Tamara L. Chilver|For those of you who think that I have my life altogether, I definitely do not. Every season brings new challenges. For example, since I had my fifth child, I am notoriously 5-10 minutes late everywhere no matter how hard I try to be on time. I would like to say that I am "fashionably" late, but that isn't the truth either. Running in a mad dash in a parking lot (all holding hands of course) to make it somewhere 5 minutes late (instead of 6 minutes cause that makes a big difference) while one child is missing shoes and my hair is going in every direction. Yep, that is my family.
Lynn Davies|Those who insist on having hostilities with us, kill and destroy the option of friendship with us in the future, which is unfortunate because it is clear the future belongs to Iran and that enmities will be fruitless.
Bertrand De Jouvenel, Sovereignty|It is as futile and dangerous to aim at making of society one large family, as sentimental socialism seeks to do, as to aim at making of it one large team, as positivist socialism seeks to do.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Return of Sherlock Holmes|From the first day I met her, she was the only woman to me. Every day of that voyage I loved her more, and many a time since have I kneeled down in the darkness of the night watch and kissed the deck of that ship because I knew her dear feet had trod it. She was never engaged to me. She treated me as fairly as ever a woman treated a man. I have no complaint to make. It was all love on my side, and all good comradeship and friendship on hers. When we parted she was a free woman, but I could never again be a free man.
Adelle Waldman, The Love Affairs of Nathaniel P.|If his relative success hadn't made him happy, it had, on average, made him less unhappy.
Erin Hunter, Secrets of the Clans|A dog is a pitiful thing, depending wholly on companionship, and utterly lost except in packs or by the side of his master. Leave him alone and he does not know what to do except bark and howl and trot about till sheer exhaustion forces him to sleep. A cat, however, is never without the potentialities of contentment. Like a superior man, he knows how to be alone and happy. Once he looks about and finds no one to amuse him, he settles down to the task of amusing himself; and no one really knows cats without having occasionally peeked stealthily at some lively and well-balanced kitten which believes itself to be alone.
August Strindberg, Tjänstekvinnans son|Family ... the home of all social evil, a charitable institution for comfortable women, an anchorage for house-fathers, and a hell for children.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|How do you feel, Georgie?" whispered Mrs. Weasley.George's fingers groped for the side of his head."Saintlike," he murmured."What's wrong with him?" croaked Fred, looking terrified. "Is his mind affected?""Saintlike," repeated George, opening his eyes and looking up at his brother. "You see...I'm HOLEY, Fred, geddit?
D. Denise Dianaty|Your head sits on a neck that turns to let you see where you’ve been. But, your eyes point the same direction as your feet for a reason; keep moving forward.
Carlos Slim|I have traveled a fair amount, and I have visited some great cities. I love architecture and museums and castles and ruins and central markets and even double-decker bus tours. But, I am a sucker for a tropical beach.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Instead of giving God His rightful place at the center of our lives, we have substituted the “god” of Self. Only Christ can change our hearts—and through us begin to change our world.
Samantha Bee|I can put my legs behind my head and sing 'Happy Birthday.' Because that's something that me and my friends used to do when we were in gymnastics class as kids, and I can still do it. I was doing it since I was 8 and 9. They used to call me Gumby. Very bendy.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|I realized that even if no one ever found me, and even if I lived out the rest of my life here, always missing, forever a missing person to other people, I could never be missing to myself, I could never delete my own history, and I would always know exactly where I was and where I had been and I would never wake up not being who I was and it didn't matter how much or how little I thought I understood the mess of myself, because I would never, no matter what I did, be missing to myself and that was what I had wanted all this time, to go fully missing, but I would never be able to go fully missing—nobody is missing like that, no one has ever had that luxury and no one ever will.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|Astriola. That IS demon pox. You had evidence that demon pox existed and you didnt mention it to me! Et tu, Brute!' He rolled up the paper and hit Jem over the head with it.
Robin DiAngelo|Many members of that early band of twentieth-century pilgrims must have yearned for the honesty of Southern landscapes where even if they were the targets of hate mongers who wanted them dead, they were at least credited with being alive. Northern whites with their public smiles of liberal acceptance and their private behavior of utter rejection wearied and angered the immigrants.
Drew Barrymore|I treasure my meetings with individuals affected by autism - parents, children, teachers and friends. Their strength is inspiring. They deserve all possible opportunities for education, employment and integration.
William James, Talks to Teachers on Psychology and to Students on Some of Life's Ideals|Hold fast to God, do not give up and He will fulfill His Word concerning you, for He is faithful who has promised
Thomas Lloyd Qualls, Love Jaywalks: Poems From The Novel Waking Up At Rembrandts|We didn’t realize that although the meaning changed, our “dirty places” remained the same.
C.G. Jung, The Archetypes and the Collective Unconscious|Yeah. I know why she cuts. I just don’t know the seed-reason. It’s deep inside her, and it’ll take time and patience to get it out of her.
Christina Engela, Dead Beckoning|When you enjoy a thought or activity, it's irrelevant whether it's meaningful or not.
Jalaluddin Rumi|In charity to all mankind, bearing no malice or ill will to any human being, and even compassionating those who hold in bondage their fellow men, not knowing what they do.
Tyler Patrick Wood, On Killing and Innocence: The Chronicles of Henry Fellows|He did not yet known how many commenced lefe-romances are doomed never to get beyond the first, or at most the second chapter.
Abdulsalam Unshur|It is a scholar's weakness, to run narrow and deep.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Don’t look up to people, don’t be someone’s following.Now a days everything you see is just a lie,Instead be the person you want to follow.
Alan Hollinghurst, The Stranger's Child|She felt something similar, but worse in a way, about hundreds and hundreds of books she’d read, novels, biographies, occasional books, about music and art—she could remember nothing about them at all, so that it seemed rather pointless even to say that she had read them; such claims were things people set great store by but she hardly supposed they recalled any more than she did. Sometimes a book persisted as a coloured shadow at the edge of sight, as vague and unrecapturable as something seen in the rain from a passing vehicle; looked at directly it vanished altogether. Sometimes there were atmospheres, even the rudiments of a scene; a man in an office looking over Regent’s Park, rain in the street outside—a little blurred etching of a situation she would never, could never, trace back to its source in a novel she had read some time, she thought, in the past thirty years.
Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice|Everybody is equally weak on the inside, just that some present their ruins as new castles and become kings –
Jalaluddin Rumi|Where there is ruin, there is hope for a treasure.
Muhammad Ali|What I need is perspective. The illusion of depth, created by a frame, the arrangement of shapes on a flat surface. Perspective is necessary. Otherwise there are only two dimensions. Otherwise you live with your face squashed up against a wall, everything a huge foreground, of details, close-ups, hairs, the weave of the bedsheet, the molecules of the face. Your own skin like a map, a diagram of futility, criscrossed with tiny roads that lead nowhere. Otherwise you live in the moment. Which is not where I want to be.
Albert Einstein|My religiosity consists of a humble admiration of the infinitely superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble minds. That deeply emotional conviction of the presence of a superior reasoning power, which is revealed in the incomprehensible universe, forms my idea of God.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Keep your head up, your faith strong, and your eyes open for the little miracles all around you…because they are there, just waiting to be discovered.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Wisdom is not in having resources, it's in knowing how to use them, when to use them & if to use them.
Wu Wei, I Ching Wisdom: More Guidance from the Book of Answers, Volume Two|To attract people naturally, effortlessly, we need only follow the true prompting of our hearts.
මාර්ටින් වික්‍රමසිංහ, Yuganthaya|Buddhism is more a philosophy for living rather than a religion or dogma - it's about being awake, free from illusions and fear, so that compassion and loving kindness permeates all of our relationships.
Mark Vonnegut, The Eden Express: A Memoir of Insanity|I’m subject to occasional theological nightmares. The one that leaves me in a cold sweat every time is, I arrive at the pearly gates and the first thing I’m asked is where I went to college.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|The deeper the difficulty in fulfilling a dream, the brighter the outcome of its fulfillment and the sweeter the celebration thereof. Persist to the end; don't give up!
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|Just as sometimes I wondered if Grandpa had ever existed, sometimes I wondered if I truly existed myself. As I was running, I could see myself from outside myself: a skinny girl with the flapping shorts and too- big a T-shirt, always watching the other girls at school, a girl in a pink bedroom sitting with a book propped on her knees, the words she was reading entering her mind, some sticking like gluey never to be forgotten, others disappearing instantly, I could remember everything and remember nothing. I would watch a movie and recall every scene as if I had written the script, then watch another movie another day and be unable to recall it at all.
Edwin Booth|There are other things that I could do, but there's really nothing that I love as much as horse racing.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Most great accomplishments do not look promising in the beginning. If you give up on a big dream too early, you have probably stepped on gold and mistook it for a rock.
John Hepworth|God, there must be a meaning. Fiercely he was certain that there must be a meaning.Surely, while we live we are not lost.Oh Janos, Janos my brother!Surely we are not lost--while we live.
Aleister Crowley, Visions & Voices: Aleister Crowley's Enochian Visions with Astrological & Qabalistic Commentary|Our reality is masked as a medium for growth. What we are growing is our Will which, when aligned with a given Thought Center, allows that Thought Center to manifest its Will in our reality to the extent we are in alignment and can be amplified! To be in alignment with the STO Thought Centers results in an increase of spiritual consciousness and a diminishment of the "sleeping" consciousness of matter. To align with the STS Thought Centers, as we are, results in an increase of the sleeping consciousness, or wishful thinking of matter, and a diminishment of spiritual consciousness.
Bel Arnesto|Do not memorize the book! but appreciate what realization it will give it to you . . Like Math,the difficult one, it's not about the formula you've known but it's about the result that gives you and which makes value, "experiences, learnings that you should share to others"Takes pride!
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|The search for contentment is, therefore, not merely a self-preserving and self-benefiting act, but also a generous gift to the world. You cease being an obstacle, not only to yourself but to anyone else. Only then are you free to serve and enjoy other people.
T.J. Klune, Burn|The idea of love horrified me, and I knew I couldn't have it, so I didn't want it.
Emma Cline|Jess is painfully aware of how young she is. Her shirtsleeves don't quite extend to her wrists; after a growth spurt last summer, her debate clothes don't fit as well as she thought. She feels as if she's playing dress-up.
H.L. Mencken, The American Credo: A Contribution Toward the Interpretation of the National Mind|Off goes the head of the king, and tyranny gives way to freedom. The change seems abysmal. Then, bit by bit, the face of freedom hardens, and by and by it is the old face of tyranny. Then another cycle, and another. But under the play of all these opposites there is something fundamental and permanent — the basic delusion that men may be governed and yet be free.
Harshada Pathare|I’m tougher than you think. You just need to believe in me. You know, like a fairy.
Ivan Turgenev, Fathers and Sons|Whereas I think: I’m lying here in a haystack... The tiny space I occupy is so infinitesimal in comparison with the rest of space, which I don’t occupy and which has no relation to me. And the period of time in which I’m fated to live is so insignificant beside the eternity in which I haven’t existed and won’t exist... And yet in this atom, this mathematical point, blood is circulating, a brain is working, desiring something... What chaos! What a farce!
Mickey Rourke|Millions of nerdy kids who grew up in the 1980s could only find the components they needed at local Radio Shacks, and the stores were like a lifeline to a better world where everybody understood computers.
Rachel Vincent, My Soul to Save|The worst memories stick with us, while the nice ones always seem to slip through our fingers.
Amy Poehler, Yes Please|As a book author, it's your responsibility to cast a vision for your book about the length and appearance before you pitch the idea to a publisher.
Abigail Adams|These are the times in which a genius would wish to live. It is not in the still calm of life, or the repose of a pacific station, that great characters are formed. The habits of a vigorous mind are formed in contending with difficulties. Great necessities call out great virtues. When a mind is raised, and animated by scenes that engage the heart, then those qualities which would otherwise lay dormant, wake into life and form the character of the hero and the statesman.
Umberto Eco, Six Walks in the Fictional Woods|To read fiction means to play a game by which we give sense to the immensity of things that happened, are happening, or will happen in the actual world. By reading narrative, we escape the anxiety that attacks us when we try to say something true about the world. This is the consoling function of narrative — the reason people tell stories, and have told stories from the beginning of time.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|My mind is like a little house,My peers break into.They rearrange my furniture,And the cabinets rifle through.They throw things out;They put things in,And erase the writing on the wall,And by the time that they walk out,It's not my mind at all.
Salvador Dali|Japan, not only a mega-busy city that thrives on electronics and efficiency, actually has an almost sacred appreciation of nature. One must travel outside of Tokyo to truly experience the 'old Japan' and more importantly feel these aspects of Japanese culture.
Hiroko Sakai|A true artist removes his heart willingly, allows constructive criticism to stomp it, then puts it back—bruised and aching—as he continues to strive for excellence due to the all-consuming obsession and love for his art.
Andrew Wommack, A Better Way to Pray|Prayer is primarily for loving and worshiping God. If you would seek first His kingdom and just fellowship with Him, you’d find your needs already provided.
Abraham Lincoln, Speeches and Writings, 1832-1858|maybe i am doing right , maybe i am doing wrong but at least i'm trying
Nicolas Sparks|There have been ample opportunities since 1945 to show that material superiority in war is not enough if the will to fight is lacking. In Algeria, Vietnam and Afghanistan the balance of economic and military strength lay overwhelmingly on the side of France, the United States, and the Soviet Union, but the will to win was slowly eroded. Troops became demoralised and brutalised. Even a political solution was abandoned. In all three cases the greater power withdrew. The Second World War was an altogether different conflict, but the will to win was every bit as important - indeed it was more so. The contest was popularly perceived to be about issues of life and death of whole communities rather than for their fighting forces alone. They were issues, wrote one American observer in 1939, 'worth dying for'. If, he continued, 'the will-to-destruction triumphs, our resolution to preserve civilisation must become more implacable...our courage must mount'.Words like 'will' and 'courage' are difficult for historians to use as instruments of cold analysis. They cannot be quantified; they are elusive of definition; they are products of a moral language that is regarded sceptically today, even tainted by its association with fascist rhetoric. German and Japanese leaders believed that the spiritual strength of their soldiers and workers in some indefinable way compensate for their technical inferiority. When asked after the war why Japan lost, one senior naval officer replied that the Japanese 'were short on spirit, the military spirit was weak...' and put this explanation ahead of any material cause. Within Germany, belief that spiritual strength or willpower was worth more than generous supplies of weapons was not confined to Hitler by any means, though it was certainly a central element in the way he looked at the world.The irony was that Hitler's ambition to impose his will on others did perhaps more than anything to ensure that his enemies' will to win burned brighter still. The Allies were united by nothing so much as a fundamental desire to smash Hitlerism and Japanese militarism and to use any weapon to achieve it. The primal drive for victory at all costs nourished Allied fighting power and assuaged the thirst for vengeance. They fought not only because the sum of their resources added up to victory, but because they wanted to win and were certain that their cause was just.The Allies won the Second World War because they turned their economic strength into effective fighting power, and turned the moral energies of their people into an effective will to win. The mobilisation of national resources in this broad sense never worked perfectly, but worked well enough to prevail. Materially rich, but divided, demoralised, and poorly led, the Allied coalition would have lost the war, however exaggerated Axis ambitions, however flawed their moral outlook. The war made exceptional demands on the Allied peoples. Half a century later the level of cruelty, destruction and sacrifice that it engendered is hard to comprehend, let alone recapture. Fifty years of security and prosperity have opened up a gulf between our own age and the age of crisis and violence that propelled the world into war. Though from today's perspective Allied victory might seem somehow inevitable, the conflict was poised on a knife-edge in the middle years of the war. This period must surely rank as the most significant turning point in the history of the modern age.
Alexandria Rhodes, More Than You Know|I don't have a love life. I have a like life.'Mamie smiled. She thought how nice that might be, to be peacefully free from love...
Armie Hammer|The mother-in-law came round last week. It was absolutely pouring down. So I opened the door and I saw her there and I said, 'Mother, don't just stand there in the rain. Go home.'
Edward Abbey, Desert Solitaire|As his body became more and more defenseless, so his means of offense became steadily more frightful.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Never crave for anyone, you will get what you're destined in your life! Trust Existence!
Roshan Sharma|There was no desire in him for a state or condition, no picture in his mind of the thing to be when he had followed his longing; but only a burning and a will overpowering to journey outward and outward after the earliest risen star.
Heinrich Heine|With his night-cap and his night-shirt tatters,He botches up the loop-holes in the structure of the world.
Todd Gitlin|The American patriots of today continue the tradition of the long line of patriots before them, by helping to promote liberty and freedom around the world.
Lynda Barry, What It Is|There are certain children who are told they are too sensitive, and there are certain adults who believe sensitivity is a problem that can be fixed in the way that crooked teeth can be fixed and made straight. And when these two come together you get a fairytale, a kind of story with hopelessness in it.I believe there is something in these old stories that does what singing does to words. They have transformational capabilities, in the way melody can transform mood.They can't transform your actual situation, but they can transform your experience of it. We don't create a fantasy world to escape reality, we create it to be able to stay. I believe we have always done this, used images to stand and understand what otherwise would be intolerable.
Kahoko Yamada|There is no good or evil here, it all depends on what side you're standing. Nor is it about wrong or right, it's about surviving." Triven
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|Ronan's bedroom door burst open. Hanging on the door frame, Ronan leaned out to peer past Gansey. He was doing that thing where he looked like both the dangerous Ronan he was now and the cheerier Ronan he had been when Gansey first met him."Hold on," Gansey told Adam. Then, to Ronan: "Why would he be?""No reason. Just no reason." Ronan slammed his door.Gansey asked Adam, "Sorry. You still have that suit for the party?"Adam's response was buried in the sound of the second-story door falling open. Noah slouched in. In a wounded tone, he said, "He threw me out the window!"Ronan's voice sang out from behind his closed door: "You're already dead!
AVA., you are safe here.|you wanted it all to make senseand you wanted the most complicated answer,but the answer is simple.just be.
Heshan Udunuwara|True friends are like our favorite books on a shelf in our home that we look at everyday and continue to read over and over till we learn all we can about them. We never get rid of them, we just keep them to share and cherish our whole life. Some we share with many people but there are those that become our exclusive favorites that we keep in a small group, separated from all the others to learn from and enjoy forever ! Original quote form Doug Prentice
Judah Smith, Jesus Is: Find a New Way to Be Human|I don't pay no mind to rules. Seems to me, rules are things made up by scared people too afraid to die, so they can't live. Or too lazy to make their own decisions. Rules are for breakin', as far as I'm concerned.
Kristin Cashore|It was a haunting tune, unresigned, a cry of heartache for all in the world that fell apart. As ash rose black against the brilliant sky, Fire's fiddle cried out for the dead, and for the living who stay behind and say goodbye.
John Howard Griffin, Black Like Me|DESEGREGATE THE BUSES WITH THIS 7 POINT PROGRAM:1. Pray for guidance.2. Be courteous and friendly.3. Be neat and clean.4. Avoid loud talk.5. Do not argue.6. Report incidents immediately.7. Overcome evil with good.Sponsored by Interdenominational Ministerial AllianceRev. A. L. Davis, Pres.Rev. J. E. Poindexter, Secretary
Julia Quinn, Because of Miss Bridgerton|If there's a feeling to home, it's this. A place where there are no secrets, where nothing stays buried; not the past and not yourself. Where you can be all the versions of you, see it all reflected back at you as you walk the same stairs, the same halls, the same rooms. Feel the ghost of your mother as you sit at the kitchen table, hear the words of your father circling round and round after dinner, and your brother stopping by, wishing you'd be a little better, a little stronger.... It's four walls echoing back everything you've ever been and everything you've ever done, and it's the people who stay despite it all. Through it all. For it all.
Leo Tolstoy|Jealousy devours us, we are its dish of the day. (Jalousie nous dévore. - Nous sommes son plat du jour)
Riley Redgate, Noteworthy|It was impossible to feel alone in a room full of favorite books. I had the sense that they knew me personally, that they'd read me cover to cover as I'd read them.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|You are as beautiful as sky, as soft as moon, as shiny as stars and as angry as Sun.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|The ceilings had set off a ghostly echo, giving all that desperate hilarity the quality of a memory even as I sat listening to it, memories of things I'd never known.
Paul Simon, Simon and Garfunkel's Greatest Hits|I have my booksAnd my poetry to protect me;I am shielded in my armor,Hiding in my room, safe within my womb.I touch no one and no one touches me.I am a rock,I am an island.
Peter Arno|Progressives believe in making progress, which is why I'm proud to endorse Hillary Clinton, who I know will continue fighting to ensure our children and grandchildren can achieve their highest and best dreams.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without repentance, there is no remission of sins.
Nathan Myhrvold|If you think you don't want to play another psychopath, but the script is amazing, and the director is fantastic, and the story is incredible, then you may end up playing your third psychopath in a row.
David Paul Kirkpatrick, Breakfast in the temple|The devout life does not solely entail living as a monk or ascetic, though that is fine. The devout life requires bringing God into all things.
Thomas Wolfe, Look Homeward, Angel|And his soul plunged downward, drowning in that deep pit: he felt that could never again escape from this smothering flood of pain and ugliness, from the eclipsing horror and pity of it all. And as he walked, he twisted his own neck about, and beat the air with his arm like a wing, as if he had received a blow in his kidneys. He felt that he might be clean and free if he could only escape into a single burning passion -- hard, and hot, and glittering -- of love, hatred, terror, or disgust. But he was caught, he was strangling, in the web of futility.
Huston Piner, My Life as a Myth|On Algebra - "We're a month into it, and I'm planning to start a real protest movement, one to have X and Y removed from the alphabet. Z is also suspect as far as I'm concerned...Damn it! They put a man on the moon; can't they find some way to end the scourge of Algebra?
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|Comamandering is not a word.It has letters, doesn't it? Sounds like a word to me.
Cleveland Amory|To bear with patience wrongs done to oneself is a mark of perfection, but to bear with patience wrongs done to someone else is a mark of imperfection and even of actual sin.
Nicki Elson, Vibrizzio|My non-negotiable list remains short. I want a man who loves God, others and me. That’s it. If he loves God, he will be kind and respectful and thoughtful. If he loves others, he will be a servant, generous and loyal. If he loves me, he will have a sense of humor (he’ll have no choice if he’s going to deal with me—after 20 blind dates), be responsible and romantic.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Asking for outside help, or even if it comes unasked, to allow outside help, needs a certain gracefulness and humility. Otherwise, you cannot allow outside help. Lots of people cannot receive something gracefully. Always, the social ethics have taught you that giving is important, taking is not important. Yes, taking is not important, taking is ugly, but receiving is very important.
Nancy Lublin|Clearly, many branches of science need an exquisite precision of timekeeping and the infinitesimal decimals of calibration, so space launches, for example, are not scheduled for leap-second dates. But society as a whole neither needs that obsessive time measurement nor is well served by it.
Peter Viereck, Unadjusted Man in the Age of Overadjustment: Where History and Literature Intersect|What keeps earth air breathable? Not oxygen alone. The earth is a freer place to breathe in, every time you love without calculating a return -- every time you make your drudgeries and routines still more inefficient by stopping to experience the shock of beauty wherever it unpredictably flickers.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|Abuse counselors say of the abusive client: “When he looks at himself in the morning and sees his dirty face, he sets about washing the mirror.
Laura Esquivel|I was a hyperactive kid, and it took awhile for me to find the right teacher. My master was a Shaolin kung fu teacher, but he also taught tai chi, Chinese medicine, brush painting - he was adept at all facets of Chinese culture.
Jess Rothenberg, The Catastrophic History of You and Me|I want to touch with my mouth. His mouth, with my mouth. Maybe his neck, too. But first things first: Make him aware I exist.It’s possible that he is already aware, if only in a ‘don't step on the small girl’ kind of way.
Thomas Paine|In the absence of justice, what is sovereignty but organized robbery?
Fennel Hudson, A Writer's Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 3|Where the writing takes place doesn’t matter to a publisher, but it matters a great deal to the author.
Jesse Andrews, Me and Earl and the Dying Girl|He was especially excited about Aguirre, the Wrath of God. "Look at this crazy dude," he yelled, point at Klaus Kinski, who on the cover is wearing a Viking helmet and looks like a psychopath. So--with Dad's permission--we put the film in and watched it. This would turn out to be the single most important thing ever to happen in our lives.
Janet Lee Carey, The Beast of Noor|The impulse came to her clairvoyantly, and she obeyed without a sign of hesitation. Deeper comprehension would come to her of the whole awful puzzle. And come it did, yet not in the way she imagined and expected.
Henri J.M. Nouwen|In 7.81 square miles of vaunted black community, the 850 square feet of Dum Dum Donuts was the only place in the "community" where one could experience the Latin root of the word, where a citizen could revel in common togetherness. So one rainy Sunday afternoon, not long after the tanks and media attention had left, my father ordered his usual. He sat at the table nearest the ATM and said aloud, to no one in particular, "Do you know that the average household net worth for whites is $113,149 per year, Hispanics $6,325, and black folks $5,677?""For real?""What's your source material, nigger?""The Pew Research Center."Motherfuckers from Harvard to Harlem respect the Pew Research Center, and hearing this, the concerned patrons turned around in their squeaky plastic seats as best they could, given that donut shop swivel chairs swivel only six degrees in either direction. Pops politely asked the manager to dim the lights. I switched on the overhead projector, slid a transparency over the glass, and together we craned our necks toward the ceiling, where a bar graph titled "Income Disparity as Determined by Race" hovered overhead like some dark, damning, statistical cumulonimbus cloud threatening to rain on our collective parades."I was wondering what that li'l nigger was doing in a donut shop with a damn overhead projector.
Steven Magee, Curing Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity|Unfortunately, you are far more likely to be harmed or die prematurely as a direct result of modern society than you are from any form of terrorism.
Alfred Tennyson|Yet all experience is an arch wherethroughGleams that untraveled world whose margin fadesForever and forever when I move.How dull it is to pause, to make an end,To rust unburnished, not to shine in use!As though to breathe were life!
John Updike|Overall, the challenge of leadership is both moral and one of developing the characteristics that make us respected by one another.
George Steiner, Language & Silence: Essays on Language, Literature & the Inhuman|Zoë threw up her hands in exasperation. "I hate this language. It changes too often!
Stephen Merchant|My grandfather milked several cows twice a day and supplied the neighbours with dairy products. He liked to go visiting around the county on Saturdays, and he also enjoyed the neighbours when they came by once a week with their empty milk jars. He walked them out to their cars and hung over the driver's side window until they drove off.
Insane Clown Posse|I love those dark moments in Peanuts. I love that they're in there, that Charles Schulz put the sad lonely bits of himself into the comic. I love the silliness too, the dancing Snoopy strips. The little boy Rerun drawing "basement" comics about Tarzan fighting Daffy Duck in a helicopter. Those are the bits that keep me reading. The funny parts! The fun parts. The silly bits that don't make any sense. And when I get to the sad lonely Peppermint Patty standing in a field wondering why nobody shook hands and said "good game," well, it works because that's not all she was. I try to think that way about everything. That's the kind of person I want to be.
Alma Katsu, The Taker|They died together; they'll always be remembered together. It's decided, once and for all. He was hers. The rumors don't matter; they'll fade...People may remember it was suicide, but my name won't be attached. It will just be two lovers, fused together forever.
Stephanie Lahart|MUSIC. It’s in my heart! It’s in my mind! It’s in my soul! Music has a way of taking control of my entire being, and I’m perfectly okay with that! Music is Life! Music is LOVE. Music makes life extra special! Music is a GIFT to the world!
Scarlett Dunn, Promises Kept|My butler informs me you had a book on your person when you came to call.” She did not look up. “His vision is excellent, my lord.” “Was it your journal?” he pressed. He wondered if she kept a diary as well . . . and what she might write about him. He hoped something scandalous. He’d love to make it come true.
Claire Fontaine|Travel empties out everything you’ve into the box called your life, all the things you accumulate to tell you who you are
Debasish Mridha|Express gratitude for love, joy, and beauty of life, to expand your happiness.
Shonda Rhimes, Year of Yes: How to Dance It Out, Stand In the Sun and Be Your Own Person|. . . [E]very single writer I met likened writing for television to one thing--laying track for an incoming speeding train. The story is the track and you gotta keep laying it down because of the train. That train is production. You keep writing, you keep laying track down, no matter what, because the train of production is coming toward you--no matter what. Every eight days, the crew needs to being to prepare a new episode--find locations, build sets, design costumes, find props, plan shots. And every eight days after that, the crew needs to film a new episode. Every eight days. Eight days to prep. Eight days to shoot. Eight days, eight days, eight days, eight days. Which means every eight days, that crew needs a brand-new script. And my job is to damn well provide them with one. Every. Eight. Days. That train of production is a'coming. Every eight days that crew on that soundstage better have something to shoot. Because the worst thing you can do is halt or derail production and cost the studio hundreds of thousands of dollars while everyone waits. That is how you go from being a TV writer to being a failed TV writer.
Zadie Smith, On Beauty|On BeautyNo, we could not itemize the listof sins they can't forgive us.The beautiful don't lack the wound.It is always beginning to snow.Of sins they can't forgive usspeech is beautifully useless.It is always beginning to snow.The beautiful know this.Speech is beautifully useless.They are the damned.The beautiful know this.They stand around unnatural as statuary.They are the damnedand so their sadness is perfect,delicate as an egg placed in your palm.Hard, it is decorated with their faceand so their sadness is perfect.The beautiful don't lack the wound.Hard, it is decorated with their face.No, we could not itemize the list. Cape Cod, May 1974
Steve Krug, Don't Make Me Think: A Common Sense Approach to Web Usability|In reality, though, most of the time we don’t choose the best option—we choose the first reasonable option, a strategy known as satisficing.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|What, we may well ask, is there left to live for? Why get out of bed? For this dreary round of amusing insincerity? This filthy bourgeois society that the Aristotelians have foisted upon us? No, we may still choose to live like gods, like poets. Which brings us down to dancing. Yes,” he said, turning to Malone, “that is all that’s left when love has gone.
Lois Lowry, Number the Stars|Ellen had said that her mother was afraid of the ocean, that it was too cold and too big. The sky was, too, thought Annemarie. The whole world was: too cold, too big. And too cruel. 
Frederick Buechner, Telling the Truth: The Gospel as Tragedy, Comedy, and Fairy Tale|willow trees, willow trees they remind me of DesdemonaI'm so damned literaryand at the same time the waters rushing past remindme of nothing
J. Aleksandr Wootton, The Eighth Square|I have lain long here in your mind, longer than any nightmare has before me. I have sunk my roots into your worst imaginings and feasted on your memories. I know you, child.
Drew Karpyshyn, Path of Destruction|The problem with carnal anger and outrage is that it’s one of the easiest sins to commit while convincing oneself that one is being faithful. . . . how many angry, divisive, perpetually outraged Christians are convinced that they are reincarnated Old Testament prophets, calling down fire from heaven? Now to be sure there is a time to call down fire from heaven . . . The prophets of Baal called down fire from heaven too, and they screamed and raved for a fire that never fell (1 Kings 18:29). James and John . . . wanted to call down fire from heaven on the Christ-rejecting villages of Samaria. Jesus wanted nothing to do with that spirit because he saw it for what it really was (Luke 9:54ff).
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|A new day is a new beginning,a new life to live!
Martin Luther King Jr., Why We Can't Wait|Time itself is neutral; it can be used either destructively or constructively. More and more I feel that the people of ill will have used time much more effectively than have the people of good will. We will have to repent in this generation not merely for the hateful words and actions of the bad people but for the appalling silence of the good people. Human progress never rolls in on wheels of inevitability; it comes through the tireless efforts of men willing to work to be co-workers with God, and without this hard work, time itself becomes an ally of the forces of social stagnation. We must use time creatively, in the knowledge that the time is always ripe to do right.
D.H. Lawrence|Queenie Hennessy - "I am here to die."Sister Mary Inconnue - "Pardon me but you are here to live until you die. There is a significant difference.
Tadao Ando|What I hope my writing reflects... is a sense of the connections between all human beings... and a different perspective on the true nature of courage. For me, those are things worth exploring and writing about.
Rachael Wade, Preservation|Is there a problem, Ms. Parker? Something you want to say to me?" Reaching for his tie, he began to loosen it, unraveling it with his fingers, angry eyes still locked on mine."I'm not sure I like being your pet. Or science project, I don't know which.""You have a smart mouth.""You make smart observances.""You're going to make this invitation difficult, aren't you?""If you're dishonest with me, yes.""You'll regret it if you don't accept.""Is that a threat?""That's a promise.
Terry Eagleton, How to Read Literature|Interestingly, this speech by Prospero does not contrast the unreality of the stage with the solid, flesh-and-blood existence of real men and women. On the contrary, it seizes on the flimsiness of dramatic characters as a metaphor for the fleeting, fantasy-ridden quality of actual human lives. It is we who are made of dreams, not just such figments of Shakespeare’s imagination as Ariel and Caliban. The cloud-capped towers and gorgeous palaces of this earth are mere stage scenery after all.
Delmore Schwartz|Each moment is perfect and heaven-sent, in that each moment holds the seeds for growth.
Nyona Matende|What you love the most always finds a way to become your biggest weakness,
Criss Jami, Healology|To be naive is to be unaware of how stupid and cruel other people are; but, by some definitions, ignorance is nearly the opposite of naivety in being a kind of cynicism, in being unaware of their intelligence and humanity. It seems to be a normal although unfortunate case that the great many of us consciously abhor ignorance in others yet subconsciously practice it ourselves: as naivety is apparent and well-known to inflict its damage upon oneself; whereas the alternative and the easier, ignorance, its damage upon others.
Washington Irving, The Legend of Sleepy Hollow and Other Stories|There are certain half-dreaming moods of mind in which we naturally steal away from noise and glare, and seek some quiet haunt where we may indulge our reveries and build our air castles undisturbed.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|The certificate that promotes a divine idea is humility. Period. Get yourself upgraded with the good news of humility every day! Sometimes, it's hard to prove your humility in the face of people, but never forget that it is the only option for your divine promotion!
Susan Barbara Apollon, An Inside Job: A Psychologist Shares Healing Wisdom for Your Cancer Journey|Life should not be an endurance event. No prestigious job, well-appointed house, or luxury vacation is worth your emotional, mental and, yes, physical health. In fact, the abrupt loss of all of these things through a cancer diagnosis can be the wake-up call that forces you to identify and begin correcting the things that aren’t working in your life.
Chloe Blaque, Doing London|There was no possibility of taking a walk that day. We had been wandering, indeed, in the leafless shrubbery an hour in the morning; but since dinner (Mrs. Reed, when there was no company, dined early) the cold winter wind had brought with it clouds so sombre, and a rain so penetrating, that further out-door exercise was now out of the question. I was glad of it: I never liked long walks, especially on chilly afternoons: dreadful to me was the coming home in the raw twilight, with nipped fingers and toes, and a heart saddened by the chidings of Bessie, the nurse, humbled by the consciousness of my physical inferiority to Eliza, John, and Georgiana Reed.—Jane EyreFrom Gradesaver.com
CrimethInc., Contradictionary|What is common becomes sense, but what is sensible doesn't always become common.
Raphael Zernoff|It was in the work that she came closest to finding herself, by which we don’t mean gaining “self-knowledge” or understanding one’s “true nature” but rather how at some point you can see most plainly that this is what you do, this is how you fit in the wider ecology.
Chaz B|Memories, like everything else, are momentary.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|*Forever* is an illusion that human beings promise each other when they are horny, or, trying to appear holy.
Orson Scott Card, The Lost Gate|And in Kandahar he was taught about survival, about fighting and killing and hunting, and he learned much else without being taught, such as looking out for himself and watching his tongue and not saying the wrong thing, the thing that might get him killed. About the dignity of the lost, about losing, and how it cleansed the soul to accept defeat, and about letting go, avoiding the trap of holding on too tightly to what you wanted, and about abandonment in general, and in particular fatherlesness, the lessness of fathers, the lessness of the fatherless, and the best defenses of those who are less against those who are more: inwardness, forethought, cunning, humility and good peripheral vision. The many lessons of lessness. The lessening from which growing could begin.
James Welch, Winter in the Blood|He had followed the calendar, the years, time-Bird farted.And it came to me, as though it were riding one moment of the gusting wind, as though bird had had it in him all the time and had passed it to me in that one moment of instant corruption.
Erma Bombeck|When you have a good mother and no father, God kind of sits in. It's not enough, but it helps.
|It is not one's negative situation that causes stress in one's life; rather, it is one's frequent negative interpretation of it that has the power to do so.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|There is a strange moment in time, after something horrible happens, when you know it's true, but you haven't told anyone yet.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Self-love, self-confident and self-determination.
Alla Renée Bozarth|…be awake to the Life that is loving you andsing your prayer, laugh your prayer, dance your prayer, runand weep and sweat your prayer,sleep your prayer, eat your prayer, paint, sculpt, hammer, and read your prayer, sweep, dig, rake, drive and hoe your prayer,garden and farm and build and clean your prayer,wash, iron, vacuum, sew, embroider and pickle your prayer,compute, touch, bend and fold but never deleteor mutilate your prayer.Learn and play your prayer, work and rest your prayer,fast and feast your prayer, argue, talk, whisper, listen and shout your prayer,groan and moan and spit and sneeze your prayer,swim and hunt and cook your prayer,digest and become your prayer,release and recover your prayer,breathe your prayer, be your prayer
Kimberlee Roth, Surviving a Borderline Parent: How to Heal Your Childhood Wounds and Build Trust, Boundaries, and Self-Esteem|Owing to a poorly defined sense of self, people with BPD rely on others for their feelings of worth and emotional caretaking. So fearful are they of feeling alone that they may act in desperate ways that quite frequently bring about the very abandonment and rejection they're trying to avoid.
Debasish Mridha|You are the light in the heart of the universe, to illuminate the world spread the light of your love.
Gina Damico, Hellhole|We open five minutes ago,” she scolded as he rushed in.“I know, I know.” He pulled his blue vest out from under the counter and put it on, praying that she wouldn’t notice the glitter shower that ensued. “I’m sorry.”“Five minutes ago. And where is my cashier? Watching goats mate on the computer?
Kaitlyn Scarboro|Guy welcomed my breasts warmly. He hugged them like long-lost friends and stared at them with the protectiveness of a mother lion, as if to make sure they didn't decide to get up on their own and leave the two of us alone together in his office. He waved them into a chair and asked if they would like anything to drink. On their behalf, I ordered Perrier.
Pearl S. Buck, The Big Wave|Just as he lived with them alive, he will live with them dead. Someday he will accept their death as part of his life. He will weep no more. He will carry them in his memory and his thoughts. His flesh and blood are part of them. So long as he is alive, they, too, will live in him. The big wave came, but it went away. The sun shines again, birds sing, and earth flowers.
TBBishiXO|Nevertheless, he had, on a certain star-lit evening, said wonderingly and quite reverently: "Deh moon looks like hell, don't it?
Aimee Bender, Willful Creatures|When she turned to see me smiling. It was an awkward smile, but you only really know what a smile means when you own the face behind it. Everyone else just sees the smile they expected it to be.
Dee Dee Artner|Put love in everything you do and you’ll find joy, happiness and success.
J.K. Rowling|Harry Potter set Dobby free!" "Least I could do, Dobby", said Harry, grinning. "Just promise never to try and save my life again.
Marquis de Sade, Philosophy in the Boudoir|What does one want when one is engaged in the sexual act? That everything around you give you its utter attention, think only of you, care only for you...every man wants to be a tyrant when he fornicates.
Damon Knight, One Side Laughing: Stories Unlike Other Stories|One can lose themselves in the twilight, when there are no colors to guide the way.
Stevan V. Nikolic, Truth According to Michael|I think that both our lives and the potential directions our lives may go are predestined. By using our free will in making our life choices, we do nothing else but picking up one of many already predestined options. To us, it seems like we were making the decision, while in reality, we just selected one of many possibilities that were already a part of our destiny.
Jessica Shattuck, The Women in the Castle|There is not enough air in the room for Marianne and Elizabeth to share. They have learned this the hard way, but acceptance of the fact has made life easier. Now they see each other twice a year, for a weekend in the early summer and for the American holiday of Thanksgiving
Marko Phiri, Fool's Gold|Yet Nathan appreciated being alone as he sipped his cold glass of beer. It gave him time to think. In the next thirty minutes or so, the flight he was waiting for would land and his day would begin. It was autumn in the capital, and the clear skies created an illusion of a city that was at peace with itself.
Kemi Sogunle|Struggling isn't a sign of failure but of strength. Keep pushing, keep striving...your best is yet to come!
Jim Morrison, An American Prayer|Is everybody in? Is everybody in? Is everybody in? The ceremony is about to begin. The entertainment for this evening is not new, you've seen this entertainment through and through you have seen your birth, your life, your death....you may recall all the rest. Did you have a good world when you died? -enough to base a movie on??
Jeanne Safer, The Golden Condom: And Other Essays on Love Lost and Found|Exercising will builds esteem from within through action on one's own behalf; it disproves the premise that only another person can provide it. The result, long in coming and always worth the effort, is the experience of authentic agency in your own life, a sense of self that cannot be destroyed because it is not dependent on anyone else.
Jennifer Silverwood|As long as it makes you happy. For the rest of my life, I will do whatever it takes to ensure it. As my wife, you will not want for anything. What you desire, I will provide.
Richard Branson, Losing My Virginity: How I've Survived, Had Fun, and Made a Fortune Doing Business My Way|I can honestly say that I have never gone into any business purely to make money. If that is the sole motive then I believe you are better off not doing it. A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts.
Amy Rachel Peterson, Perpetua: A Bride, a Martyr, a Passion|Our Scripture awakened that most glorious of things, the spontaneous love our Lord so desires His children to bear Him, for it is what He bears them.
Robertson Davies, Fifth Business|Faustina is a great work of the Creator. She has nothing of what you call brains; she doesn't need them for her destiny... It is to be glorious for a few years: not to outlive some dull husband and live on his money till she is eighty, going to lectures and comparing the attractions of winter tours that offer the romance of the Caribbean.
Evy Michaels|When the days become darkThe nights become coldAnd all there is, is an empty soulBelieve you can escape your plightEven when relief is out of sightDon't you dare give up the fightDon't you dare
Agatha Christie, An Autobiography|It is a curious thought, but it is only when you see people looking ridiculous that you realize just how much you love them. 
Jill Bolte Taylor|When a person has a reaction to something in their environment, there’s a 90 second chemical process that happens in the body; after that, any remaining emotional response is just the person choosing to stay in that emotional loop.Something happens in the external world and chemicals are flushed through your body which puts it on full alert. For those chemicals to totally flush out of the body it takes less than 90 seconds.This means that for 90 seconds you can watch the process happening, you can feel it happening, and then you can watch it go away.After that, if you continue to feel fear, anger, and so on, you need to look at the thoughts that you’re thinking that are re-stimulating the circuitry that is resulting in you having this physiological response over and over again.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Biographia Literaria: Biographical Sketches of my Literary Life & Opinions|The reader should be carried forward, not merely or chiefly by the mechanical impulse of curiosity, or by a restless desire to arrive at the final solution; but by the pleasurable activity of mind excited by the attractions of the journey itself.
Minae Mizumura, The Fall of Language in the Age of English|Holding the lamb in his arms, Jesus watched the people file past, some coming, some going, some carrying animals to be sacrificed, some returning without them, looking joyful and exclaiming, Alleluia, Hosanna, Amen, or saying none of these things, feeling it was inappropriate to walk around shouting Hallelujah or Hip hip hurrah, because there is really not much difference between the two expressions, we use them enthusiastically until with the passage of time and by dint of repetition we finally ask ourselves, What does it mean, only to find there is no answer.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
H. L. Mencken|First, accept sadness. Realize that without losing, winning isn't so great.
Linda Olsson, The Memory of Love|I had accepted that all the dark memories were mine. But I had never realized that the beautiful ones were mine too. I had a right to them. And the right to embrace them, regardless of what happened before and after. I had a right to my happiness, as well as my grief.
Sana  Krasikov, One More Year|But sometimes this hatred broke like a wave, unexplainably collapsing under its own weight, and before it would begin to well up again, she suddenly felt nothing but pure compassion for him, a kindness and forgiveness that almost broke her heart.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When the minds of men slip from realities to fantasies without thinking of the future consequences, then we must ponder. When the hearts of men are entangled with what though might seem great but yet, specious ambitions without pondering over the resulting footprints, then we ought to take precautions. When the hands of men unwittingly and for the sake of self-gratification find the right weapons and dexterity for the wrong purpose, then massacre and cruelties leave indelible footprints of sorrow and bitterness in the hearts of men. We shall always look back to the footprints of yesterday to say had we know if we don’t take a critical look at today’s footsteps. There is always an alternative that is better than good
Russell Brand, My Booky Wook|And while we're on the subject of ducks, which we plainly are, the story, 'The Ugly Duckling' ought be banned as the central character wasn't a duckling or he wouldn't have grown up into a swan. He was a cygnet.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Greatness is achieved, not only, by doing great things, but also,by making the small things we dogreat.
Anna Akana, Surviving Suicide|I thought that when someone dies, a person changes. I thought you'd lose yoursense of being judged and caring about this judgement; I thought you'd hold life in thepalm of your hand and dance and water it with rain. I thought you'd be able to dance ina crowd and laugh. But I was wrong. I am insecure, more than I was before. I takethings for granted. I'm angry, mean, judgmental, critical, bitter and quick to assume. I am lethargic. I despise all around me. And then some days, I feel normal.
Nikki Rowe|Yes I believe a man will compliment my life oneday, but what's the rush.. I mean everyone's searching so passionately for something to fill the void and I don't want any part in that, I'm happy finding my own way untill I get swept of my feet.
Lawrence Durrell, Bitter Lemons of Cyprus|Journeys, like artists, are born and not made. A thousand differing circumstances contribute to them, few of them willed or determined by the will - whatever we may think. They flower spontaneously out of the demands of our natures - and the best of them lead us not only outwards in space, but inwards as well. Travel can be one of the most rewarding forms of introspection....
Socrates|As you become more clear about who you really are, you'll be better able to decide what is best for you - the first time around.
Yiyun Li|When the dead departed, they took away any falsehoods that they might have allowed us to believe while alive; we who are left behind have to embark on a different life, since the dead are no longer here to help us deceive ourselves.
Robert L. Millet|Christ is pre-requisite for "Church".
Elle Kennedy, Midnight Captive|Wyatt Christiansen is the client."	Iris tensed at his words. Hearing Wyatt's name from her boss completely threw her off balance. If Wyatt wanted to hire Red Stone that meant he needed extra security. She hated the thought of him in danger.	Without giving her a chance to respond, Harrison barreled on. "I don't like the idea of you guarding him, especially since I found out you two are fucking married. It goes against protocol, but...my father owes him a favor and he's apparently collecting.
Harry S. Truman|"But" is a fence over which few leap.
Love The Stacks Bookstore|And go we all must, with a healthy lust of books we trust.
Amelia Earhart|My advice to women in general: Even if you're doing a nine-to-five job, treat yourself like a boss. Not arrogant, but be sure of what you want - and don't allow people to run anything for you without your knowledge.
Michael Joseph Kelly|Whenever I look at a baby or children in general, I smile and just want to play with them.
Walt Whitman|Here the frailest leaves of me and yet my strongest lasting, Here I shade and hide my thoughts, I myself do not expose them, And yet they expose me more than all my other poems
Selena Gómez|Always be yourself, there's no one better!
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Like yourself, just as you are. Don't look at people and measure your self love by what they project in order to make themselves happy. Take a long look. You don't want their lives anyway. You don't like anything they do, say, or portray. Why then have you been so hard on yourself? You don't deserve to be treated that way.
Jennifer Lopez|Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 will benefit about 28 million workers across the country. And it will help businesses, too - raising the wage will put more money in people's pockets, which they will pump back into the economy by spending it on goods and services in their communities.
Stephen Richards, Lost in Care: The True Story of a Forgotten Child|I was having a field day down the Westend; my deep pockets were jingling and full of money nearly every day of the week. My brother’s bird, Irene, wanted a fur coat, so I got her one by throwing a brick through the shop window and grabbing the coat off the shop dummy. Once I got to the bed-sit, I put the jacket on and waltzed in to the flat looking like Liberace, the two of them burst out laughing. Irene was like a tramp eating chips.	‘Let’s try it on, Jimmy, please?’	As she swooned around like Joan Collins with the fur coat on, she had the air of a council estate beauty queen about her.
K.J. Charles|He went through the bills with the jaundiced eye of a China trader, asking himself not whether he had been stolen from, but where the theft had occurred. If he couldn’t find it, that would suggest his factor back home in Shanghai was either cleverer or more honest than he had thought, and Crane didn’t think he was particularly honest.
Anne Bradstreet|I believe we can see the future because some part of us responds to the fact that past, present, and the future are one, occurring in a simultaneous time... Quite literally the future is now, and even on this planet we can shape our 'nows' by our actions. That is why it is so important to prepare not only for the rest of our lives but for all our lives to come--for immortality.
Edmund White, Our Young Man|Though she was intrigued by someone like Claude, the love affairs of a real lesbian like Petit were a matter of complete indifference to Mickey. It seemed to me that our indifference, the indifference of the 'normal' world, made the life of such women even more tragic. For they suffered from their loves, like any other woman, but without the balm of sympathy and understanding.
Megan Duke, Three Sixty: A Companion to Small Circles|I want to tell you that I love you,” he said. “But I’m afraid you won’t remember it tomorrow.”“There’s no way I would forget that.
Erica Ridley, The Viscount's Christmas Temptation|Whether David believed in her affliction or not didn’t change the fact that it existed, and some day it would catch up with her.
Chris Crutcher, King of the Mild Frontier: An Ill-Advised Autobiography|As a child abuse and neglect therapist I do battle daily with Christians enamored of the Old Testament phrase "Spare the rod and spoil the child." No matter how far I stretch my imagination, it does not stretch far enough to include the image of a cool dude like Jesus taking a rod to a kid.
Elizabeth Hurley|In the future, I think it's pretty plausible that collective intelligence tools and skills will be important in order to be a part of global dialog, global business, and global creativity. People who know how to negotiate collective intelligence networks are going to be in a good position to contribute to global society.
Erwin Rommel, The Rommel Papers|action speaks louder than word but if someone judged you by your picture that means they are STUPID not to understand art and missed the meaning of "for art sakes
Martin Luther King Jr.|Romantic love, I think, requires a degree of physical attraction, but devotion is needed to maintain it as an actual relationship. Physical attraction is a feeling you don't really have control over, but devotion is something that has to be chosen. So, ideally... I suppose it's passion combined with the commitment to value someone else completely above oneself.
Helen Keller, The Story of My Life: With Her Letters (1887 1901) and a Supplementary Account of Her Education Including Passages from the Reports and Letters of Her Teacher Anne Mansfield Sullivan by John Albert Macy|It was my teacher's genius, her quick sympathy, her loving tact which made the first years of my education so beautiful. It was because she seized the right moment to impart knowledge that made it so pleasant and acceptable to me. She realized that a child's mind is like a shallow brook which ripples and dances merrily over the stony course of its education and reflects here a flower, there a bush, yonder a fleecy cloud; and she attempted to guide my mind on its way, knowing that like a brook it should be fed by mountain streams and hidden springs, until it broadened out into a deep river, capable of reflecting in its placid surface, billowy hills, the luminous shadows of trees and the blue heavens, as well as the sweet face of a little flower. Any teacher can take a child to the classroom, but not every teacher can make him learn. He will not work joyously unless he feels that liberty is his, whether he is busy or at rest; he must feel the flush of victory and the heart-sinking of disappointment before he takes with a will the tasks distasteful to him and resolves to dance his way bravely through a dull routine of textbooks. My teacher is so near to me that I scarcely think of myself apart from her. How much of my delight in all beautiful things is innate, and how much is due to her influence, I can never tell. I feel that her being is inseparable from my own, and that the footsteps of my life are in hers. All the best of me belongs to her--there is not a talent, or an aspiration or a joy in me that has not been awakened by her loving touch.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|We tried not to be in the same room at the same time when Starr was home, we set the air on fire between us.
Unarine Ramaru|Art is the reflection of pure emotion and mind, the nature of sensation. An artist illustrates that.
Richard P. Feynman|Winter is nature's way of saying, 'Up yours.'
Chuck Palahniuk, Lullaby|Anymore, no one's mind is their own.
George Soros|This is about systemic, institutional corruption, not personality. To ask the Democratic leadership to clean things up would be like asking the old Soviet bureaucracy under Brezhnev to reform itself. It ain't going to happen.
Gerald O. West, Reading Otherwise: Socially Engaged Biblical Scholars Reading with their Local Communities|We must acknowledge that all we have are, at times very differing, interpretations of what Jesus was all about-and these interpretations, as they are collected in the New Testament, have been written in particular situations by men, none of whom questioned the existing patriarchal structure of their societies or of their communities. While some Christ-believing women did challenge certain male-dominated aspects of their church gatherings (see 1 Cor 14:33b-36) it is quite unlikely that they questioned the patriarchal structure of their society, community, and church on a fundamental level. ~ Werner Kahl in Reading Other-Wise, p. 151
R.v.m.|I believe that you can create genuine fulfillment, make money, have freedom and make a difference for others.
Anastasia Bolinder|To dream is to have a chest filled with stars, a mind captivated by possibilities and a heart enveloped in imagination.
Robin Hobb, Assassin's Quest|Warner. A white bird with streaks of gold like a crown atop its head. A fair - skinned boy with gold hair, the leader of Sector 45. It was always him. All along . The link.
Margaret Bourke-White, Portrait of Myself|What can be proved by a photograph, can never be by a word.
Unarine Ramaru|The purpose of music as an art form, is to engage the audience.
Claudia Gray, Bloodline|There is a particular kind of afternoon sun that exists only in autumn. A golden light drapes itself over the world of that hour. It falls through the afternoon sky, fine and faint as a swirl of cigarette smoke caught in the wind, nearly transparent. So sweet, that light, insisting softly, goldly against the windows.
Ken Wilber, No Boundary: Eastern and Western Approaches to Personal Growth|The movement of descent and discovery begins at the moment you consciously become dissatisfied with life. Contrary to most professional opinion, this gnawing dissatisfaction with life is not a sign of "mental illness," nor an indication of poor social adjustment, nor a character disorder. For concealed within this basic unhappiness with life and existence is the embryo of a growing intelligence, a special intelligence usually buried under the immense weight of social shams. A person who is beginning to sense the suffering of life is, at the same time, beginning to awaken to deeper realities, truer realities. For suffering smashes to pieces the complacency of our normal fictions about reality, and forces us to become alive in a special sense—to see carefully, to feel deeply, to touch ourselves and our worlds in ways we have heretofore avoided. It has been said, and truly I think, that suffering is the first grace. In a special sense, suffering is almost a time of rejoicing, for it marks the birth of creative insight. But only in a special sense. Some people cling to their suffering as a mother to its child, carrying it as a burden they dare not set down. They do not face suffering with awareness, but rather clutch at their suffering, secretly transfixed with the spasms of martyrdom. Suffering should neither be denied awareness, avoided, despised, not glorified, clung to, dramatized. The emergence of suffering is not so much good as it is a good sign, an indication that one is starting to realize that life lived outside unity consciousness is ultimately painful, distressing, and sorrowful. The life of boundaries is a life of battles—of fear, anxiety, pain, and finally death. It is only through all manner of numbing compensations, distractions, and enchantments that we agree not to question our illusory boundaries, the root cause of the endless wheel of agony. But sooner or later, if we are not rendered totally insensitive, our defensive compensations begin to fail their soothing and concealing purpose. As a consequence, we begin to suffer in one way or another, because our awareness is finally directed toward the conflict-ridden nature of our false boundaries and the fragmented life supported by them.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|Crying can bring relief, as long as you don't cry alone.
Siddharta Mukherjee|Gene, protein, function, and fate were strung in a chain: one chemical alteration in one base pair in DNA was sufficient to "encode" a radical change in human fate.
Steven Chuks Nwaokeke|When there is shortage of anointing, you will begin to doubt your calling
Dominique Wilson, The Yellow Papers|A white cloth falls on your heart; How beautiful you are - The winter loves us, because only lovers have a pure heart.
C. JoyBell C.|I consider myself a stained-glass window. And this is how I live my life. Closing no doors and covering no windows; I am the multi-colored glass with light filtering through me, in many different shades. Allowing light to shed and fall into many many hues. My job is not to direct anything, but only to filter into many colors. My answer is destiny and my guide is joy. And there you have me.
Heather Hepler|When you really love someone, you see all their mess and their brokenness and you love them anyway. In fact, seeing all of that sort of makes you love them more.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|My shoulders, broad and sculpted thick, were designed for two useful purposes. The one, to carry heavy loads like cedar logs and beams of steel and now and then the careful transfer of an injured friend to a bed of safety. The other purpose I consider superior, and that is to be, in all circumstances and forever, your headrest and cry pillow whereupon you may leave your heaviest burdens.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some of the best things that have ever happened to us wouldn’t have happened to us, if it weren’t for some of the worst things that have ever happened to us.
Eric Schlosser|I am still not a fussy eater, although I do enjoy good food.
Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey|We're going balls to the walls, guys. Our sneak and peak just turned inti a hostage rescue.
Goldie Hawn|On the whole, I think women wear too much and are to fussy. You can't see the person for all the clutter.
Derek Bok|You could double the number of synaptic connections in a very simple neurocircuit as a result of experience and learning. The reason for that was that long-term memory alters the expression of genes in nerve cells, which is the cause of the growth of new synaptic connections.
Anthony Liccione|It is better to have God over your shoulder, than carry the world alone on your back.
Cate Campbell Beatty, Donor 23|And if not for the caterpillars and butterflies, who will I talk to? You'll be far away. And as for larger creatures, I'm not afraid. I have my thorns...to protect me.
Nate Kenyon, Sparrow Rock|Everyone you have ever loved in your life becomes a part of your soul. They never leave. They're always inside you, and you can bring them out whenever you want.
William A. Dembski, The Design Revolution: Answering the Toughest Questions about Intelligent Design|When Alex left for Alaska," Franz remembers, "I prayed. I asked God to keep his finger on the shoulder of that one; I told him that boy was special. But he let Alex die. So on December 26, when I learned what happened, I renounced the Lord. I withdrew my church membership and became an atheist. I decided I couldn't believe in a God who would let something that terrible happen to a boy like Alex.
Aberjhani, Illuminated Corners: Collected Essays and Articles Volume I.|First, it is a commitment to particularism, to giving priority to the specificity of particulars, not to abstractions and generalities that divert our attention away from concrete realities. Idealizations tend to be partial and distorting, obscuring the heterogeneity and complexity of actual experiences and concrete practices, which is why they do not provide an adequate standpoint for the diagnosis of social problems and injustices.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|An actress is not a machine, but they treat you like a machine. A money machine.
J.S.B. Morse|We are rapidly entering the age of no privacy, where everyone is open to surveillance at all times; where there are no secrets from govern
Josh Oladehinde|sometime life Offer you "Outdated" to get "Updated" Just Take the Chance
Danilo Kiš, The Encyclopedia of the Dead|History is written by the victors. Legends are woven by the people. Writers fantasize. Only death is certain."To Die for One's Country is Glorious," p. 131
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|Josè Arcadio felt himself lifted up into the air toward a state of seraphic inspiration, where his heart burst forth with an outpouring of tender obscenities that entered the girl through her ears and came out of her mouth translated into her language.
Malcolm McNeill|When you read,' the man whispered, 'you discover who you really are. You find traces of yourself, little pieces you didn't know were there.
pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You|It does not count if you believe in yourself when it’s easy to believe in yourself. It does not count if you believe the world can be a better place when the future looks bright. It does not count if you think you’re going to make it when the finish line is right in front of you. It counts when it’s hard to believe in yourself, when it looks like the world’s going to end and you’ve still got a long way to go.That’s when it counts. That’s when it matters the most.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Learn to take parents the way they are … What they do for you is something you cannot expect from anyone … What they do not (or cannot) do for you is also with a reason, i.e. ‘in your best interests’!
Arno J. Mayer, The Persistence of the Old Regime: Europe to the Great War|In an absolutism, the autocrat is visible and tangible. The real despotism of republican institutions is far deeper, more insidious, because it rests on the popular delusion of self-government and independence. That is the subtle source of democratic tyranny, and, as such, it cannot be reached with a bullet.
P. J. O'Rourke|Of course same sex marriage is constitutional! The right to be yourself, to pursue life, liberty, and property, is protected several ways over several amendments. John Boehner should know this.
Heidi Cullinan, A Private Gentleman|It's your eyes, I think. They promise something kind. Heaven help the world should you ever turn dark. You would send Satan himself scrambling.
Guy Debord|Tourism, human circulation considered as consumption is fundamentally nothing more than the leisure of going to see what has become banal.
Amy Layne Litzelman|Do you find yourself in a dry place today? Don’t look back toward the land of your bondage, or even to the place where God miraculously saved you from your enemies. Those seasons are over and he is now offering you a great opportunity. He is longing to reveal his sovereignty to you by providing for you in this most hot and dry place.
Jean Hegland|I think unconsciously I was afraid that if she asked me how I felt, my unleashed grief and rage would kill us all. In some unadmitted corner of myself I was already weeping and screaming and begging her not to leave me, not to go. If I started crying for real, only her comfort could make me stop, and if she died before she had finished comforting me, then I would be left to cry forever.
Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls|I've got a Don Baylor," J.T. said."California sucks this year."Ralph snickered. "I wouldn't use a Baylor card to scrape dog shit off the street.
Robert Charles Wilson, Julian Comstock: A Story of 22nd-Century America|Certainly it's a rare glimpse into the lives of the Secular Ancients. They don't seem as bad as the Dominion histories make them out to be. Though clearly they were imperfect.""I don't deny that they were imperfect," Julian said in a distant voice. "I'm not uncritical of the Secular Ancients, Adam. They had all sorts of vices, and they committed one sin for which I can never bring myself to entirely forgive them.""What sin is that?""They evolved into us," he said.
Reza Aslan, Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth|The common depiction of Jesus as an inveterate peacemaker who "loved his enemies" and "turned the other cheek" has been built mostly on his portrayal as an apolitical preacher with no interest in or, for that matter, knowledge of politically turbulent world in which he lived. That picture of Jesus has already been shown to be complete fabrication. The Jesus of history had a far more complex attitude toward violence. There is no evidence that Jesus himself openly advocated violent actions. But he was certainly no pacifist. "Do not think that I have come to bring peace on earth. I have not come to bring peace, but sword" (Matthew 10:34 / Luke 12:51)
P.D. Ouspensky, The Fourth Way|Many things are mechanical and should remain mechanical. But mechanical thoughts, mechanical feelings—that is what has to be studied and can and should be changed. Mechanical thinking is not worth a penny. You can think about many things mechanically, but you will get nothing from it.
Michel de Montaigne|My own study of the networked life has left me thinking about intimacy - about being with people in person, hearing their voices and seeing their faces, trying to know their hearts. And it has left me thinking about solitude-the kind that refreshes and restores. Loneliness is failed solitude. To experience solitude you must be able to summon yourself by yourself; otherwise you will only know how to be lonely
Diana Gabaldon, Written in My Own Heart's Blood|He reached out a long arm and drew me in, holding me close against him. I put my arms around him and felt the quiver of his muscles, exhausted, and the sheer hard strength still in him, that would hold him up, no matter how tired he might be. We stood quite still for some time, my cheek against his chest and his face against my hair, drawing strength from each other for whatever might come next. Being married.
Tyler J. Hebert|To find stability within the world, one must first find stability within.
Pete Wentz, The Boy With The Thorn In His Side|He hugged her tight, mixing their tears to be bottled and fermented, so they could be drunk on each other when this was all over.
Margot Benary-Isbert, Dangerous Spring|It's going to be a hard time; we can count on that. But with all the misery, what opportunities to show mercy and brotherly love in our land, which has sinned so greatly against love. And patience! For now is the time when the victors, in the blind triumph of their victory, are likely to make mistakes. But that's not our concern, for we shall only be the sufferers, not the agents of suffering. What a power for peace will lie in our own powerlessness if we can only glimpse in it the sign of grace!
David Henry Hwang|Science is exploration. The fundamental nature of exploration is that we don't know what's there. We can guess and hope and aim to find out certain things, but we have to expect surprises.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature.
Katherine Jenkins|I can't even find someone for a platonic relationship, much less the kind where someone wants to see me naked.
Jerome K. Jerome, Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow|I look in the glass sometimes at my two long, cylindrical bags (so picturesquely rugged about the knees), my stand-up collar and billycock hat, and wonder what right I have to go about making God's world hideous. Then wild and wicked thoughts come into my heart. I don't want to be good and respectable. (I never can be sensible, I'm told; so that don't matter.) I want to put on lavender-colored tights, with red velvet breeches and a green doublet slashed with yellow; to have a light-blue silk cloak on my shoulder, and a black eagle's plume waving from my hat, and a big sword, and a falcon, and a lance, and a prancing horse, so that I might go about and gladden the eyes of the people. Why should we all try to look like ants crawling over a dust-heap? Why shouldn't we dress a little gayly? I am sure if we did we should be happier. True, it is a little thing, but we are a little race, and what is the use of our pretending otherwise and spoiling fun? Let philosophers get themselves up like old crows if they like. But let me be a butterfly.
Dharma Pravartaka Acharya|All pre-Abrahamic cultures understood the tremendous importance of remaining closely connected to the past if the present was to be invested with any spiritually significant meaning. They also understood that the most personally relevant and accessible portal to the empowering wisdom and goodness of the past was through their own direct ancestors, those who shared their particular bloodline and DNA. It was for this reason that all traditional cultures engaged in what is often called ancestor worship (pitri-puja). There is no pre-Abrahamic culture on Earth that did not honor its ancestors in one form or another. This is a very important spiritual practice and tradition that used to be practiced universally by families in the ancient past. The process of ancestor worship now needs to be revived in the modern world if we are to not lose our sacred connection with our own cultural-spiritual heritage. Ancestor worship must become a regular practice again.
Abigail Padgett, Blue|The way black women say "girl" can be magical. Frankly, I have no solid beliefs about the survival of consciousness after physical death. But if it's going to happen I know what I want to see after my trek toward the light. I want to see a black woman who will smile and say, "Girl....
Ciel Phantomhive|I got a kick out of those who whined about their soul. Worried they were losing it. Let’s get one thing straight, you didn’t lose your soul. You always knew where it was or where it went, you cannot lose something you gave away or sold or had broken past repair. Your soul was like your arm, you didn’t lose your arm. Your arm was either there or it wasn’t, and you usually knew why it wasn’t there
S.A.  David, Twas Within A Minute|-Back there our sun doesn't speak.-Where's "there," Miss Marta?-Back there, in Europe. Here, it's different. Here, the sun moans, whispers, shouts.-Surely-I commented delicately-the sun is always the same.- You're wrong. There, the sun is a stone. Here it's a fruit.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The more I focus on the positive, the more positive my life becomes.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|If you are not going to divorce the status quo, you will give birth to mediocrity.
Michael Korda|If I'm alone, I tend to cook for myself. I do a pretty good job of preparing healthful foods. My go-to is everything in a bowl like quinoa, avocado. Later in the day, scrambled eggs. I'm not a gourmet chef. I cook in bulk very well.
Debasish Mridha|Appreciate more to attract more,Feel more to understand more.Give away more to get more.Love more to live more.
Ellen J. Barrier|Believe that you are the best at what you do. And work hard on your abilities, to make it true.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|We should pray when we are in a praying mood, for it would be sinful to neglect so fair an opportunity. We should pray when we are not in a proper mood, for it would be dangerous to remain in so unhealthy a condition.
Scott Kaelen, Island in the Sands|A crush of bodies surrounded the featureless monument. The enraged dead clambered atop their ghastly kin. Caiaphas tucked his knees to his chest and hugged his legs tightly, staring at the scores of ragged, flailing hands as they scratched for purchase over the edge of the cylinder. Metal thrummed and thunder roared, filling his head.	Now there were words within the deafening roar. 	“Straaaange,” they seemed to say. 		“Daaaace…”	“Straaaangerrrr…”	Then a quick, awful chant: “CAIAPHAS! FOREVER! CAI—”	And with a piercing whistle it ended as his eardrums burst.
Terry Houchin|I fought with all I had, a battle led by heart and faith. I fought till I had nothing. How do you restart without a heart or faith?? Now lost, broken and with no direction, I often wonder if I should have quit , while I had something left in the tank.
James Humes|Divorced from ethics, leadership is reduced to management and politics to mere technique.
Blaise Cendrars, Moravagine|There’s this anomaly that happens sometimes with twins. It occurs in the womb when the fetuses are growing too closely to each other. The stronger twin develops normally, while the weaker twin crumples and is encased by the body of the stronger twin, where it becomes a parasite. The result is a single child, plagued by a twin-shaped fossil inside. Like a tumor.In death Rose became Linden’s parasitic twin. They were two separate organisms once, growing steadily beside each other. Two pulses. Two brains. But she has crumpled and died, and still he carries her inside himself. She goes where he goes, feeling nothing, seeing nothing, a shadow behind his ribs.
John Chaffee, The Thinker's Way|If I was your mirror, you would look for me more, than you do me.
Virginia Alison|Maybe you are just a liquid dream. Seeping into my soul in the dead of night when everything sleeps apart from my memories from another life, another electric, terrifying, lasciviously greedy time, when your lips touched my body, while mapping the skincape unfolding beneath your breath leaving a ripple of mesmerising carnal pleasures, lingering in my veins...Or maybe you are not...
Julia Quinn, To Catch an Heiress|hi my name is luke, it rhymes with puke!
Stephen Fry|A true thing, poorly expressed, is a lie.
Anita B. Sulser PhD, We Are One|I don't cook anything fancy. Sheba's appetite isn't up to much and I've never been one for sauces. We eat nursery food mainly. Beans on toast, Welsh rarebit, fish fingers. Sheba leans against the oven and watches me while I work. At a certain point, she usually asks for wine. I have tried to get her to wait until she's eaten something, but she gets very scratchy when I do that, so these days I tend to give in straightaway and pour her a small glass from the carton in the fridge. You choose your battles. Sheba is a bit of a snob about drink and she keeps whining at me to get a grander sort. 'Something in a bottle, at least', she says. But I continue to buy the cartons. we are on a tight budget these days. And for all her carping, Sheba doesn't seem to have too much trouble knocking back the cheap stuff.
Abraham Hicks|Children coming forth today have a greater capacity to deal with the greater variety of information that is coming forward than you did. They deliberately are coming forth into this environment where there is more to contemplate. This generation gap that you are talking about, it has ever been thus. Each new generation, every new individual, that comes forth, is doing with you having prepared a different platform for them to proceed from. There is this thing that gets in the way of that that says, "I'm the parent. I got here first. I know more than you do." From the children's perspective, and from the purity of their Nonphysical perspective, that they are saying is, "You're the parent. You got here first. You prepared a platform that I am leaping off from - and my leap will be beyond anything that yo have ever known.
David  Holdsworth|Jesus flips the tables.A poor man spends day and night praying in front of a golden statue. He begs that his family be freed of poverty. The priest says to him to pay his tithe on the way out.Jesus flips the tables.A poor man goes to a place he calls home. He invites his neighbours, friends and family. He opens the good book and prays direct to God.Jesus flips the tables.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The Flight of the Eagle|But if one observes, one will see that the body has its own intelligence; it requires a great deal of intelligence to observe the intelligence of the body.
Junot Díaz, This Is How You Lose Her|Then you look at her and smile a smile your dissembling face will remember until the day you die. Baby, you say, baby, this is part of my novel. This is how you lose her.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|And behold! Allah will say: "O Jesus the son of Mary! Didst thou say unto men, worship me and my mother as gods in derogation of Allah.?" He will say: "Glory to Thee! never could I say what I had no right (to say). Had I said such a thing, thou wouldst indeed have known it. Thou knowest what is in my heart, Thou I know not what is in Thine. For Thou knowest in full all that is hidden.
Marlana Williams, Eagle in the Owl's Nest|Friendship can be obtained from anyone at any time. It knows no difference between age, gender, or even species.
David Bayles, Art and Fear: Observations on the Perils (and Rewards) of Artmaking|Fears arise when you look back, and they arise when you look ahead. If you're prone to disaster fantasies, you may even find yourself caught in the middle, staring at your half-finished canvas and fearing both that you lack the ability to finish it, and that no one will understand it if you do.Fears arise when you look back, and they arise when you look ahead. If you're prone to disaster fantasies, you may even find yourself caught in the middle, staring at your half-finished canvas and fearing both that you lack the ability to finish it, and that no one will understand it if you do.To which the Master replied, 'What makes you think that ever changes?'That's why they're called Masters. When he raised David's discovery from an expression of self-doubt to a simple observation of reality, uncertainty became an asset. Lesson for the day: vision is always ahead of execution -- and it should be. Vision, Uncertainty, and Knowledge of Materials are inevitabilities that all artists must acknowledge and learn from: vision is always ahead of execution, knowledge of materials is your contact with reality, and uncertainty is a virtue.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|We've done so much together, wherever I go and whatever I see, I think of you. Newborn babies; the pattern on the plate that you can see under a paper-thin slice of sashimi; fireworks in August. The moon hidden behind the clouds over the ocean at night. When I'm sitting down someplace, inadvertently stepping on someone's toes, and have to apologize. And when someone picks up something I've dropped, and I thank him. When I see an elderly man tottering along,and wonder how much longer he has to live. Dogs and cats peeking out from alleyways. A beautiful view from a tall building. The warm blast of air you feel when you go down into a subway station. The phone ringing in the middle of the night. Even when I have crushes on other men, I always see you in the curve of their eyebrows.""Yet I must remain calm, detached. It's a little like trying to ignore a plate of delicious food when you're really hungry. When it beckons you, there's no problem with enjoying the aroma and appreciating it with your eyes, but at some point you have to separate yourself and realize, like a professional waiter does, that it's not your own. It's my job to ignore those plates heaped with delicious morsels and just carry them where they need to go.
Stephanie Witter, Fix Up|Zane," she breathed, and in the back of his mind, he thought, This woman. I want this woman to say my name on the caress of a kiss a thousand more times.
Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|A moment of reserve. "That was it? The whole story?""Yes. God, you're right. That was pants."I sidestep another aggressive couscous vendor. "Pants?""Rubbish. Crap. S
Debasish Mridha|Every intention emits a power of attraction, which brings all the forces of universe to fulfill your dreams.
Sunday Adelaja|The government can make laws, but only the God can give self-esteem where there is none
Maxine Hong Kingston, The Woman Warrior|A new darkness pulled away the room, inked out flesh and outlined bones. My mother was wide awake again. She become sharply herself - bone, wire, antenna - but she was not afraid. She had been pared down like this before, when she had travelled up the mountains into rare snow - alone in white not unlike being alone in black. She had also sailed a boat safely between land and land.
Sophie Kinsella, The Undomestic Goddess|There’s no such thing as ruining your life. Life’s a pretty resilient thing, it turns out.
Annette Vaillancourt, How to Manifest Your Soulmate with Eft: Relationship as a Spiritual Path|By giving to yourself you are fulfilled, abundant and generous. You have spare love to share.
Napoleon Bonaparte|For those who are willing to make an effort, great miracles and wonderful treasures are in store.
Howard W. French, China's Second Continent: How a Million Migrants Are Building a New Empire in Africa|Whiteness–the whole constellation of practices, beliefs, attitudes, emotions that are mixed up in being white–is the problem. Whiteness is degraded and depraved[…] To the degree that we accept any of the meaning that the dominant society gives to whiteness, we white people are degraded and depraved.
Matshona Dhliwayo|They know your face, but not your mind.They understand your words, but not your heart.They hear your name, but not your soul.They grasp your past, but not your future.
Terry Pratchett|IT'S A SWORD, said the Hogfather. THEY'RE NOT /MEANT/ TO BE SAFE.
Britney Spears|Some things, like the orbits of the planets, can be calculated far into the future. But that's atypical. In most contexts, there is a limit. Even the most fine-grained computation can only forecast British weather a few days ahead. There are limits to what can ever be learned about the future, however powerful computers become.
Sunday Adelaja|Discouragement comes to those Christians, who are living and are working hard to fulfill their visions and callings
Vannetta Chapman, Light of Dawn|When you're completely lost, when you have no idea what comes next or why things are happening, faith is what gets you through. Even if you're not sure what you believe, you keep doing the things you know in your heart are the right things. That is faith, Carter. It's not the absence of questions. It's continuing, day in and day out, in spite of those questions.
Pixie Lott|My mom doesn't post on Facebook, but she'll tell anyone within about the first five minutes of meeting them about my sister and I, in whatever way she can.
Osho, When the Shoe Fits: Stories of the Taoist Mystic Chuang Tzu|In the old days prime ministers were not chosen by the vote of the people, because how can you choose by the vote of the people? How can people choose their leaders? They would like to, but they are not capable. Democracy is just a dream, it has not happened anywhere – it cannot happen. And wherever it happens it creates trouble; the medicine proves more dangerous than the disease itself.
Catherine Gould|In the USA, the “corporament” exists as the: military (defense/offense) + industrial + academic (schooling – at all levels – as prison) + “corporament” entertainment (Hollywood, media, advertising/consumerism/commercialization, propaganda/psychological warfare) + judicial (defense and prosecutorial lawyers, judges, law enforcement/police, prisons) + financial (banks, accounting firms) + religion + petrochemical/pharmaceutical (drugs, antibiotics, antibacterials, vaccines, pesticides – toxins to kill or put you at “dis-ease” and drugs to “treat” you) + imperial commu-soci-capitofasdemocracism system/society/economy/Western thinking = Military-industrial-academic-“corporament” entertainment-judicial-financial-religion-petrochemical/pharmaceutical complex.
Don Maruska, Take Charge of Your Talent: Three Keys to Thriving in Your Career, Organization, and Life|It is commonly said to my little friend Legion: Read the great writers for style. But I say to him: Read the great dead masters for ideas. Devour them, Fletcherize them, digest, assimilate, make them part of your blood; let the enriched blood visit your brain. The resultant activities will be fairly your own, and the little kinks and convolutions of your brain, which are entirely different from the kinks of any other brain, will furnish you all the style you will ever get.There are no really fresh ideas; just as there is not any fresh air. Air and ideas are refreshed and refreshing, vitalized and vitalizing; but the thoughts have been thought before and the air has been breathed before.
Bebe Rexha|The creative act amazes me. Whether it's poetry, whether it's music, it's an amazing process, and it has something to do with bringing forth the old out into the world to create and to bring forth that which will rejuvenate.
Ivy Compton-Burnett|As regards plots I find real life no help at all. Real life seems to have no plots. And as I think a plot desirable and almost necessary, I have this extra grudge against real life. But I think there are signs that strange things happen, though they do not emerge
Camille Paglia|Action is the highest perfection and drawing forth of the utmost power, vigor, and activity of man's nature.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|Having bodyguards is just part of being famous, I think.
Alan Brennert, Moloka'i|Love, marriage, divorce, infidelity... life was the same here as anywhere else, wasn't? She realized now wrong she'd been; the pali wasn't a headstone and Kalaupapa wasn't a grave. It was a community like any other, bound by ties deeper than most, and people here went to their deaths as people did anywhere: with great reluctance, dragging the messy jumble of their lives behind them.
Alex Garland, The Beach|He was through with this conversation. As a rule, they tended to avoid questions like "How sane are we?" and "Do our lives have meaning?" The need for avoidance was acute and apparent to both of them.
Richard Rohr|Your dear baby has died innocent and blameless, and has been called away by an all wise and merciful Creator, most probably from a life to misery and misfortune, and most certainly to one of happiness and bliss.
Anthony Liccione|Words of war, on a piece of paper. Where peace is torn off, crumbled and toss in the waste basket.
Elona Washington, From Ivy League To Stripper Life: 10 Lessons Learned|I also learned what I and many other wives were doing wrong. We were neglecting ourselves. We were born women yet were taking care of our roles as mom, employee or wife before we took care of ourselves. But in order to adequately fulfill those roles, we have to put ourselves first.
Joy Harjo, Suspended|I wanted to see everything. It was around the time I acquired language, or even before that time, when something happened that changed my relationship to the spin of the world. My concept of language, of what was possible with music was changed by this revelatory moment. It changed even the way I look at the sun.
Davis Levy|Defining yourself in terms of how you rank is always dangerous and ultimately immature. It doesn't matter whether the rank has to do with your grades, your weight or where you finished in the 800 meter race. Becoming a mature adult means, among other things, that you define yourself relative to your own potential, not relative somebody else's standard.
Robert Anton Wilson, Schrödinger's Cat Trilogy|On September 6, 1522, a battered ship appeared on the horizon … A small pilot boat was dispatched to lead the strange ship over the reefs … The vessel they were guiding into the harbor was manned by a skeleton crew of just eighteen sailors and three captives, all of them severely malnourished. … Their captain was dead, as were the officers, the boatswains, and the pilots; in fact, nearly the entire crew had perished … the ship, Victoria, … had departed three years earlier. No one knew what had become of her … Despite the journey’s hardships, Victoria and her diminished crew accomplished what no other ship had ever done before. By sailing west until they reached the East, and then sailing on in the same direction, they had fulfilled an ambition as old as the human imagination, the first circumnavigation of the globe
Steve Berry, Behind the Sofa: Celebrity Memories of Doctor Who|The thought came to me that perhaps it is the loving that counts, not the being loved in return - that perhaps true loving can never know anything but happiness.
Marie Landry, Blue Sky Days|I plunged into him, kissing him like I was flame and he was wood, our tongues igniting
Peter S. Beagle, Two Hearts|You must remind me, little one. When I... when I lose myself - when I lose her - you must remind me that I am still searching, still waiting... that I have never forgotten her, never turned from all she taught me. I sit in this place... I sit... because a king has to sit, you see... but in my mind, in my poor mind, I am always away with her....
John Wesley|This is where Jean's stubbornness and, perhaps, God's stubborn grace came into play. “My definition of grace would be multifaceted, but part of it would certainly be God's passion for brokenness. He does, he really does love brokenness,” Jean told me. “Grace doesn't obsess with ourselves. It obsesses with people and with brokenness. This is a hard place to live, but God is bigger than hard places to live.
Billie Jean King|I love no woman, for love is a serious business, not a jest.
Curt Flood|Anybody can decide if they have got the money to fight a case if they don't like a particular thing, and they complain to the watch committee, local council or whatever.
Katie MacAlister, Sex, Lies and Vampires|I should warn you, I’m an expert on vampires. I’ve seen every episode made of Buffy, Angel, and Forever Knight, so don’t think a little fang-flashing is going to scare me.” – Nell to AdrianOh, my God! You bit me on the leg! You drank my blood! I am not an appetizer!” You are much more then an appetizer. You are a twelve-course banquet. – Nell & AdrianI slid my tongue around the glossy enamel of his teeth, pausing to stroke down the length of an elongated canine tooth.Yeah. I know. How stupid is it to French kiss a vampire and not expect sharp teeth? – Nell
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|End? No, the journey doesn't end here. Death is just another path. One that we all must take.
Kyle Vidrine, Wake Up The Winner In You: Your Time Is Now|For every excuse that you've ever had or came up with of why you can't or couldn't, there's someone who's had that same excuse or even worse, but found a way and did
Peter Zumthor|Now I design what I want to wear, and it works that way.
Thomas Friedman|From a child, I had an inordinate desire for knowledge and especially music, painting, flowers, and the sciences, Algebra being one of my favorite studies.
Bluenscottish|...you have to believe in its principles. Anything is possible, as long as it's for the good of the world. Make the exception. Live exceptionally. And if you can't do that, maybe we should consider whether you're right for the project. Think about it, then let's talk tomorrow.
Dada Bhagwan|The world is so lawful that not even a single mosquito can touch you, as long as you do not interfere. If your interference stops, everything will stop.
Richie Norton|Branding is not just a product, it's also a way of life, an idea, branding is actually leadership.
Jane D. Hull|My dad grew up in a working-class Jewish neighbourhood, and I got a scholarship from my dad's union to go to college. I went there to get an education, not as an extension of privilege.
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|These things sneak up on him for no reason, these flashes of irrational happiness. It's probably a vitamin deficiency.
K. Weikel, The One-Hundred|I don’t have all the answers I need yet, and I’m not ready to give up until I completely understand the purpose I serve and what it is I’m supposed to do.
Joan Rivers|When you're in the editing room, the dangerous thing is that it becomes like telling a joke again and again and again. Eventually, the joke starts to not be funny. So you have to be careful that you're not throwing the baby out with the bath water.
Jhumpa Lahiri|She had generated alternative versions of herself. She had insisted at brutal cost on these conversions. Layering her life, only to strip it bare. Only to be alone in the end. Her life had been paired down to its solitary components.
Brooke Taylor, Undone|There is just as much beauty in birth as there is in death, and it changes our lives just the same. They both add things to us and take things away." Pg. 155 Undone
Jeffrey Tucker|If any of the socialist chiefs had tried to earn his living by selling hot dogs, he would have learned something about the sovereignty of the consumers.
Lailah Gifty Akita|She felt sad, but she hadn't cried all day. She thought that crying would actually be a good thing right now. It seemed normal to react. Whoever Martin had been, he had probably been a normal person. He was probably having a normal reaction right now, and she had caused it. She felt bad for confusing him. She thought it might be fair to cry for him. But it wasn’t until she thought of the mother cows in the pasture the day after the weaning, wandering around singly in the naked sunshine, still trying to call out in their hoarse, broken voices for the young ones that were still missing, that she was finally able to make herself cry—a little bit for all of the calves, but mostly for herself.
Rachel Abbott, Only the Innocent|Part of the problem was that I couldn't seem to get past the fact that I hadn't tried to escape from Kas. Even in France, when he'd left me on my own for several days, I'd carried on working [as a prostitute] and doing all the things he'd told me to d. And although I knew that it was because of the fear he'd so carefully and deliberately instilled in me, I still felt as though I'd somehow colluded in what had happened to me - despite knowing, deep down, that nothing could have been further from the truth.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|We've got to escape from narrowness. We're a movement, not a conspiracy. We've got to radiate contacts, and have as many people aware of us as possible. That's living, modern common sense.
Allan Rufus, The Master's Sacred Knowledge|Note and Quote to Self – What you think, say and do!Your life mainly consists of 3 things! What you think, What you say and What you do!So always be very conscious of what you are co-creating!
Lee Ellis, Leading With Honor: Leadership Lessons from the Hanoi Hilton|Professional accountability is a good thing. Without it, excellence is merely a pipe dream and even average performance isn’t a realistic expectation.
Veronica Roth, Carve the Mark|I may be in pain, but I am not weak.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Just as every crop performs on its specific type of soil, and not all fishes can grow in every kind of water, so is leadership. You can’t lead where you can’t thrive; you can lead where you can survive!
Jorge Cruise|I tried the paleo diet, which is the caveman diet - lots of meat. And I tried the calorie restriction diet: The idea is that if you eat very, very little - if you're on the verge of starvation, you will live a very long time, whether or not you want to, of course.
Cormac McCarthy, Blood Meridian, or the Evening Redness in the West|It makes no difference what men think of war, said the judge. War endures. As well ask men what they think of stone. War was always here. Before man was, war waited for him. The ultimate trade awaiting its ultimate practitioner. That is the way it was and will be. That way and not some other way.
Sean Berdy|You don't train someone for all of those years of medical school and residency, particularly people who want to help others optimize their physical and psychological health, and then have them run a claims-processing operation for insurance companies.
Hiro Mashima|We'll stop it, even if my body crumbles to bits I'll stop it with my soul!
Dylan Thomas|Man be my metaphor’,
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Respect is that great spirit of good, which creates the beautiful space giving all souls the simple room to breathe.
Jessica Hahn|If we keep on ignoring and leaving children to their own devices at home, they become latchkey kids, and trust me, the consequences of that are not good.
Alan King|We have soon to have everywhere smoke annihilators, dust absorbers, ozonizers, sterilizers of water, air, food and clothing, and accident preventers on streets, elevated roads and in subways. It will become next to impossible to contract disease germs or get hurt in the city, and country folk will got to town to rest and get well.
Ernest Cline, Ready Player One|What happens when you die? Well, we're not completely sure. But the evidence seems to suggest that nothing happens. You're just dead, your brain stops working, and then you're not around to ask annoying questions anymore. Those stories you heard? About going to a wonderful place called 'heaven' where there is no pain or death and you live forever in a state of perpetual happiness? Also total bullshit. Just like all that God stuff. There's no evidence of a heaven and there never was. We made that up too. Wishful thinking. So now you have to live the rest of your life knowing you're going to die someday and disappear forever.Sorry.
John          Wilson|Oh for a book and a shady nook,Either indoors or out,with the green leaves whispering overhead,or the street cries all about.Where I may read at all my easeboth of the new and old,For a jolly good book whereon to lookis better to me than gold
Jenn Windrow, Struck By Eros|With a tug, I pulled Len off his knees, wrapped my arms around him, andhugged him close. Behind his back, I flashed a middle finger of defiance I hopedCupid saw high up on Mount Olympus.Fuck soul mates. Fuck Grayson. Fuck Cupid.I was keeping the ring.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|When you write, you can write yourself into the world of your dreams or the world of your nightmares. The choice is yours!
Nina LaCour, Hold Still|dear today, i spend all of you pretending i'm okay when i'm not, pretending i'm happy when i'm not, pretending about everything to everyone.
Nancy S.  Mure|Being human makes us one. Be uniquely ourselves makes us individual." - Nancy S. Mure, Author of Unidentical Twins
Amit Kalantri|Man kept control over the machines he created, I wish God would have done the same with the man he created.
J.R. Rim|One thing God has been showing me is that I'm not called to save the world, just to point those He places in my life towards the right way.
Kudrat Dutta Chaudhary, Laiza- Sometimes the end is only a Beginning|She roared with laughter. Passersby gave her strange looks, but she didn’t care. If she’d been able to stretch her vision to see beyond the trees he disappeared behind, she would have stopped laughing. She would have seen the couple who’d been in the dark street near the restaurant the previous night, again breaking into laughter when he felt it was safe to abandon the Wally persona. Everywhere she saw that one man, she didn’t see the woman behind him, with him, beside him, urging him on, supporting him. If she had, she might have wondered then who the display was really for.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The moment you are wrapped up in the world, you become blind to the things wrapped in the mysteries.
Himmilicious, Lemon Tea and White Safari|No. No, you're not like him," she spat. "You're your very own brand of fucked up, Lucien.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Subject to the law(s) of nature, hate is born to die
Jeaniene Frost, Destined for an Early Grave|The sh*t's gonna splatter, start buggin, yo..."Mencheres to Cat
Mariah Fredericks, Head Games|And Siobhan says people go on holidays to see new things and relax, but it wouldn’t make me relaxed and you can see new things by looking at earth under a microscope or drawing the shape of the solid made when 3 circular rods of equal thickness intersect at right angles. And I think that there are so many things just in one house that it would take years to think about all of them properly. And also, a thing is interesting because of thinking about it and not because of it being new.
Arin Murphy-Hiscock, Out of the Broom Closet: 50 True Stories of Witches Who Found and Embraced the Craft|Shifts within friendships happen in imperceptible increments. There is distance, then assurance. Misconjecture, caution, gradual convergence. So much depends on the respect accorded to vulnerability.
Téa Obreht, The Tiger's Wife|In my earliest memory, my grandfather is bald as a stone and he takes me to see the tigers.
Sara Maitland|You can have a failed quest, but you can't have an achieved quest and no reward.
Alexandra Shipp|When I first came to America, you know, I would look at the newsstands and see the women on the magazine covers. I had never seen anyone smile the way these girls smile! It's like they have nothing to worry about!
Eloise Dyson, Divided|It’s funny. From up here, the destruction seems to fade. Almost as if like people, in time, even the world can heal itself.
Kate Christensen|I'm terrible with my workout regime and following it strictly. I'm terrible with a healthy diet and following it strictly. I'm terrible on the weekends about getting up at reasonable hours and all of those things. But, when it comes to my work and the discipline it takes to get to work on time - I hate unprofessionalism.
Laurence Sterne, The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman|—all I can say of the matter, is—That he has either a pumkin for his head—or a pippin for his heart,—and whenever he is dissected 'twill be found so.
Julio Alexi Genao, When You Were Pixels|You let me set the water in the shower, and followed me into the booth to stand there with me under the warm spray. You kept your head down, not looking me in the eyes—though if you were shy, I couldn’t tell. You had no reason to be. You know what you look like.I know you don’t remember what we did.I want to tell you.
Sharon Moalem, Survival of the Sickest: A Medical Maverick Discovers Why We Need Disease|Why would you take a drug that is guaranteed to kill you in forty years? One reason, right? It's the only thing that will stop you dying tomorrow.
Michelle Hughes, Cherished|Part of me wants to make this boy bruise, bleed, and sob, and part of me wants to soothe him and care for him. The tipically complex yearnings of the kinkily queer.
Dakota Cassidy, Honey, I Shrunk the Werewolf|Pamela pulled off her cloak and Alexei gasped."You have on breeches!" He stared in disbelief. "Breeches!""I've never worn them before, and they are extremely comfortable. I quite like them." She smoothed the fabric over her hip. "Besides, you don't expect me to duel in a dress, do you?""I do not expect you to duel at all!"Pamela ignored him. "That would be most unfair, dueling in a dress, unless, of course, you would be willing to wear a dress as well?""Don't be absurd." He snorted in disdain. "I have no intention of ever wearing women's clothing again.""Again?" She raised a brow."It was an unavoidable disguise," he muttered.
Perry G. Downs, Teaching for Spiritual Growth: An Introduction to Christian Education|Christian education begins where evangelism ends, helping believers grow in their faith.
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|Are you out of your goddamn mind? You think we can take on two hundred soldiers? I know I am an extremely attractive man, J, but I am not Bruce Lee.”“Who’s Bruce Lee?”“Who’s Bruce Lee?” Kenji asks, horrified. “Oh my God. We can’t even be friends anymore.”“Why? Was he a friend of yours?”“You know what,” he says, “just stop. Just—I can’t even talk to you right now.
Alice Walker|And so our mothers and grandmothers have, more often than not anonymously, handed on the creative spark, the seed of the flower they themselves never hoped to see - or like a sealed letter they could not plainly read. 
Leon Courville|Management, a science? Of course not, it's just a waste-paper basket full of recipes which provided the dish of the day during a few years of plenty and economic growth. Now the recipes are inappropriate and the companies which persist in following them will disappear.
Ryan Boudinot, Blueprints of the Afterlife|The thing about Web companies is there's always something severely fucked-up. There is always an outage, always lost data, always compromised customer information, always a server going offline. You work with these clugey internal tools and patch together work-arounds to compensate for the half-assed, rushed development, and after a while the fucked-upness of the whole enterprise becomes the status quo. VPs insecure that they're not as in touch as they need to be with conditions on the ground insert themselves into projects midstream and you get serious scope creep. You present to the world this image that you're a buttoned-down tech company with everything in its right place but once you're on the other side of the firewall it looks like triage time in an emergency room, 24/7. Systems break down, laptops go into the blue screen of death, developers miskey a line of code, error messages appear that mean absolutely nothing. The instantaneousness with which you can fix stuff creates a culture that works by the seat of its pants. I swear the whole Web was built by virtue of developers fixing one mistake after another, constantly forced to compensate for the bugginess of their code.
David   Gilmour|[Jürgen Habermas' obituary to friend and philosopher, Richard Rorty]One small autobiographical piece by Rorty bears the title 'Wild Orchids and Trotsky.' In it, Rorty describes how as a youth he ambled around the blooming hillside in north-west New Jersey, and breathed in the stunning odour of the orchids. Around the same time he discovered a fascinating book at the home of his leftist parents, defending Leon Trotsky against Stalin. This was the origin of the vision that the young Rorty took with him to college: philosophy is there to reconcile the celestial beauty of orchids with Trotsky's dream of justice on earth. Nothing is sacred to Rorty the ironist. Asked at the end of his life about the 'holy', the strict atheist answered with words reminiscent of the young Hegel: 'My sense of the holy is bound up with the hope that some day my remote descendants will live in a global civilization in which love is pretty much the only law.
George S. Clason, The Richest Man in Babylon|The darkest clouds are the best ennobling of the sun, because the sun is most wanted under the darkest clouds! The evil is condemned to glorify and to honour the good!
Victor Hugo|You don't realize it and that is why you hate who you are. You are living as someone else, so you unknowingly destroy that image everyday.
Rachel Van Dyken, Toxic|but when a person’s so stuck in their own hole of darkness — it hurts like hell when someone shines a light on them. Your eyes have to adjust, and let’s just say it isn’t a pleasant experience; it’s why people stay there.
R. Scott Bakker, The Darkness That Comes Before|The political problem of mankind is to combine three things: economic efficiency, social justice and individual liberty.
Milan Kundera|Question marks are met with periodsBy people full of arroganceThey have every answer, nothing mysteriousAnd yet they have no evidence.
Simon Sinek|The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.
Willa Cather, The Selected Letters|But writing is a queer business. If one does anything that is sharp and keep enough to go over the line, to get itself with the work that is taken seriously, one has to have had either an unusual knowledge of or a peculiar sympathy with the characters one handles. One can’t write about what one most admires always—you must, by some accident, have seen into your character very deeply, and it is this accident of intense realization of him that give your writing about him tone and distinction, that lifts it above the commonplace, in other words
Robert Schumann|From a pound of iron, that costs little, a thousand watch-springs can be made, whose value becomes prodigious. The pound you have received from the Lord,--use it faithfully.
Pema Chödrön, The Pocket Pema Chodron|Rites–of–passage stories…were cherished in pre–literate societies not only for their entertainment value, but also as mythic tools to prepare young men and women for life’s ordeals. A wealth of such stories can be found marking each major transition in the human life cycle: puberty, marriage, childbirth, menopause, death. Other rites–of–passage, less predictable but equally transformative, include times of sudden change and calamity such as illness and injury, the loss of one’s home, the death of a loved one, etc. These are the times when we wake, like Dante, to find ourselves in a deep, dark wood — an image that in Jungian psychology represents an inward journey. Rites–of–passage tales point to the hidden roads that lead out of the dark again — and remind us that at the end of the journey we’re not the same person as when we started. Ascending from the Netherworld (that grey landscape of illness, grief, depression, or despair), we are ‘twice–born’ in our return to life, carrying seeds — new wisdom, ideas, creativity and fecundity of spirit.
John William Draper, History of the Conflict Between Religion and Science|He has got no good red blood in his body," said Sir James."No. Somebody put a drop under a magnifying-glass and it was all semicolons and parentheses," said Mrs. Cadwallader.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|The principle is twofold, do not forget. The book, as a book, belongs to the author, but as a thought, it belongs – the word is not too extreme – to the human race. All intelligences, all minds, are eligible, all own it. If one of these two rights, the right of the writer and the right of the human mind, were to be sacrificed, it would certainly be the right of the writer, because the public interest is our only concern, and that must take precedence in anything that comes before us.
Jimi Hendrix|But however measurable, there is much more life in music than mathematics or logic ever dreamed of.
Andrea Zuvich, A Year in the Life of Stuart Britain|Hold on to your periwigs, I'm going to start you off with a whirlwind tour of the history of Stuart Britain; a time that encompassed the vast majority of the seventeenth century and the first fourteen years of the eighteenth.
Sanjeev Murukan|Nothing is impossible, Everything should be possible when we trying for achieve the goal
Joseph J. Ellis|Soon I realized that if beauty equalled forgiveness, I was never going to be forgiven.
Stephen King, 'Salem's Lot: Illustrated Edition|Before drifting away entirely, he found himself reflecting---not for the first time---on the peculiarity of adults. Thet took laxatives, liquor, or sleeping pills to drive away their terrors so that sleep would come, and their terrors were so tame and domestic: the job, the money, what the teacher will think if I can't get Jennie nicer clothes, does my wife still love me, who are my friends. They were pallid compared to the fears every child lies cheek and jowl with in his dark bed, with no one to confess to in hope of perfect understanding but another child. There is no group therapy or psychiatry or community social services for the child who must cope with the thing under the bed or in the cellar every night, the thing which leers and capers and threatens just beyond the point where vision will reach. The same lonely battle must be fought night after night and the only cure is the eventual ossification of the imaginary faculties, and this is called adulthood.
Elizabeth Moon|There are those who look at things the way they are, and ask why. Science fiction dreams of the things that never were and asks why not? The answer to which is often "Because it might not be very wise." But, as that has never stopped humans before...it could make a helluva good story!" [Riffing on Bobby Kennedy]
Keysha Jade, Intoxicated stained tears|You could spend a lifetime waiting for someone to love the real you but if you don't know who you really are, you are wasting your time.
Mel Gibson|Different men seek after happiness in different ways and by different means, and so make for themselves different modes of life and forms of government.
Andy Reid|I firmly believe that respect is a lot more important, and a lot greater, than popularity.
Emma Cline, The Girls|She must have already forgiven him for leaving her behind. Girls were good at colouring in those disappointing blank spots. I thought of the night before, her exaggerated moans.
Salman Rushdie, Midnight's Children|Then she had been a fiancee, a young wife, and a mother, and she had discovered that these words were far too small ever to contain the experience.
Anne Rice, The Queen of the Damned|During the whole time consumed in the slow growth of this family tree, the house of Smallweed, always early to go out and late to marry, has strengthened itself in its practical character, has discarded all amusements, discountenanced all story-books, fairy-tales, fictions, and fables, and banished all levities whatsoever. Hence the gratifying fact that it has had no child born to it and that the complete little men and women whom it has produced have been observed to bear a likeness to old monkeys with something depressing on their minds.
Subcomandante Marcos|But I'll tell you more about that later... or maybe I won't, because some wounds just don't heal even if you talk them out. On the contrary, the more you dress them up in words, the more they bleed.
Auliq Ice|When love is new, it's brighter than the sun and 30 times as great as the force of the atomic bomb dropped and felt from your heart, but to some people it will slowly fade but to me it will always be the same.
Khuliso Mamathoni, The Greatest Proposal|Love cannot exist without giving, however giving can exist without love.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spake Zarathustra: A Book for All and None|But thus do I counsel you, my friends: distrust all in whom the impulse to punish is powerful!
Hiroshi Sakurazaka, All You Need Is Kill 2|There comes that phase in life when, tired of losing, you decide to stop losing, then continue losing. Then you decide to really stop losing, and continue losing. The losing goes on and on so long you begin to watch with curiosity, wondering how low you can go.
Bill Maher, When You Ride Alone You Ride With Bin Laden: What the Government Should Be Telling Us to Help Fight the War on Terrorism|I wanta buy stuff. Stuff I don't need... Stuff settin' out there, you jus' feel like buyin' it whether you need it or not.-Uncle John
J.K. Ellem, No Justice|As I walked over the loose fragments of stone, which lay scattered and surveyed the sublimity and grandeur of the ruins, I recurred, by a natural association of ideas, to the times when these walls stood proudly in their original splendor, when the halls were the scenes of hospitality and festive magnificence, and when they resounded with the voices of those whom death had long since swept from earth. "Thus," said I, "shall the present generation - he who now sink in misery - and he who now swim in pleasure, alike pass away and be forgotten.
Lily-Rose Depp|I've never seen 'The Goonies.' I've never seen 'Indiana Jones.' I watched 'UHF' over and over again when I was little, and that was it. I had no time for any other movies. I watched 'Naked Gun,' 'UHF,' and 'Airplane!' over and over.
Elizabeth    Newton, Moon Man|You can't show me the Earth from space and fly right past the moon, entice me into this magical machine and invite me to come with you, and then ask me to stay behind!
Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt|Peter sank. "I'd give anything to see time.
Joan Bauer, Squashed|Ellie: "You could lie to me. You could tell me to be encouraged, that good will triumph over evil."Richard: "Good will triumph over evil."Ellie: "Liar.
John Mark Green|We're all in the human race. The question is, are you running toward your dreams or just away from your fears?
Mark Driscoll|Part of the fruit of the Spirit is self-control. Once you get married, however, a good defense is frequency and freedom.
Abdurrahman Bapir|In real life, second chances are rare. I therefore advise you to take every single chance very seriously.
Jaron Lanier|The basic problem is that web 2.0 tools are not supportive of democracy by design. They are tools designed to gather spy-agency-like data in a seductive way, first and foremost, but as a side effect they tend to provide software support for mob-like phenomena.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|You have to take this with you too,” she said, opening a box and holding up a silver necklace with the Syriac cross (a crucifix with a budding flower shape on each tip) dangling from it. “My mother gave it to me mother, who passed it to me. Now is the right time to give it to you. Not just because you’re leaving and will need something that always connects you to your roots, but also because tonight we remember her.
Cecelia Ahern, P.S. I Love You|She had been given a wonderful gift: life. Sometimes it was cruelly taken away too soon, but it's what you did with it that counted, not how long it lasted.
Toni Morrison, The Bluest Eye|IS LIFE A CHOICE – I say no however when it is necessary I make bold choices may be mistakes no mistake goes waste, every mistake taught me to be more humble sincere and made to rethink not to make any more mistakes Our lives are created out of decisions and mistakes we made in the past however life continues ?Dr.T.V.Rao MD
villaretreat|Kodaikanal holiday makers favorite pick among hotels, resorts, cottages, homestay in kodaikanal and boutique hotel. Just five minutes walking distance to the Kodaikanal lake, Bryant park, nearby forest, hiking trails, view points, Kodaikanal Club, Kodaikanal international school, shopping area bus stand, and restaurants like Dominos, Subway, Cafe coffee day and many more,you can book your rooms at some of the best place at kodaikanal.
Sōseki Natsume, Kokoro|That K was hesitant in love does not mean that his love was in any sense lukewarm. He was unable to move, despite the violence of his emotion. And since the impact of his new emotion was not so great as to allow him to forget himself, he was forced to look back and remind himself of what his past had meant. And in doing so he could not but continue along the path that he had so far followed.
Steven Pressfield, The Authentic Swing: Notes From the Writing of a First Novel|I was always aware that Jack loved women not only for their bodies but for the stories that came into being as they interacted with him--they were part of his "road," the infinite range of experience that always had to remain open to fuel his work.
Joe Hill, NOS4A2|You tell a soul or even God Hisself what you seen when the rougarou changes , or even that you met one, and a year ain’t passed, you’re liable to change to one yourself.
Jared Diamond, The Third Chimpanzee: The Evolution and Future of the Human Animal|Contrary to what phenomenology—which is always phenomenology of perception—has tried to make us believe, contrary to what our desire cannot fail to be tempted into believing, the thing itself always escapes.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|It was as if the main screw in his head, which held his whole life together, had become stripped. The screw would not go in, would not come out, but turned in the same groove without catching hold, and it was impossible to stop turning it.
Timothy Zahn, Star Wars: Thrawn|There are times in every commander's life when he must yield the stick of authority to a subordinate.Sometimes the reason is one of expertise, when the subordinate has skills the commander lacks. Sometimes it is positional, when the subordinate is in the right place at the right and the commander is not. Often it is anticipated there will be loss of direct communication, which means the subordinate may be given general instructions but must then carry them out on his own initiative as the situation flows around him.No commander enjoys those moments. Most subordinates fear them, as well. Those who do no fear already betray the overconfidence that nearly always leads to disaster.But the moments must be faced. And all will learn from them, whether to satisfaction or to sorrow.
Anonymous|I don't want to be patronizing . . . that means "talking down."
Debasish Mridha|To change reality, change your thoughts and perceptions.
Gift Gugu Mona|It is the best investment to make an impact on others, because even when you're dead money alone will not bury you.
Thomas   Moore|Great love, you believe, carries the seeds of great sorrow.
Brandon Sanderson, Steelheart|I trust you with their lives,' Prof said, still writing, 'and them with yours. Don't betray that trust, son. Keep your impulses in check. Don't just act because you can; act because it's the right thing to do. If you keep that in mind, you'll be all right.
Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence|Despite what some people have said, President Bush did not want black people to die in New Orleans. However, he did hope they would not relocate to any areas of Texas that he likes to frequent.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions|...a tall, gaunt man with small narrow eyes set deep in his skull like two old sisters trying to spy out of the windows of their house without being noticed themselves.
Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World|In order to pray like a child, you might need to unlearn the nonpersonal, nonreal praying that you've been taught.
Terry Pratchett, Judgement Day|How can anyone trust scientists? If new evidence comes along, they change their minds.
F.T. McKinstry, Crowharrow|The older a wizard grows, the more silent he becomes, like a woody vine growing over time to choke a garden path, deep and full of moss and snakes, running everywhere, impenetrable.
Myerson Abraham Myerson, The Foundations Of Personality|Coaching is like a magic mirror, reflecting what you are thinking, feeling and saying about everything in life. By working together, you'll understand your own mirror and change it to become limitless.
Sidonie Gabrielle Colette|I don't think that you can fake warmth. You can fake lust, jealousy, anger; those are all quite easy. But actual, genuine warmth? I don't think you can fake it.
Joanna Brooks, The Book of Mormon Girl: Stories from an American Faith|No one says: I broke rules, I broke rules, I broke rules - I broke all the rules. That one. And that one. And that one too. Yes, I did.
Suzanne Goldsmith, A City Year: On the Streets and in the Neighborhoods with Twelve Young Community Service Volunteers|Anytime you're tempted to upsell someone else, stop what you're doing and upserve instead.
Steven Herrick, A Place Like This|See you in another life, brotha.
John Lubbock|The secret of happiness is this: let your interests be as wide as possible, and let your reactions to the things and persons that interest you be as far as possible friendly rather than hostile.
Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections|But that is the nature of true grace and spiritual light, that it opens to a person's view the infinite reason there is that he should be holy in a high degree. And the more grace he has, and the more this is opened to view, the greater sense he has of the infinite excellency and glory of the divine Being, and of the infinite dignity of the person of Christ, and the boundless length and breadth and depth and height of the love of Christ to sinners. And as grace increases, the field opens more and more to a distant view, until the soul is swallowed up with the vastness of the object, and the person is astonished to think how much it becomes him to love this God and this glorious Redeemer that has so loved man, and how little he does love. And so the more he apprehends, the more the smallness of his grace and love appears strange and wonderful: and therefore he is more ready to think that others are beyond him.
Larry Wall|You can’t change the past. You can’t even change the future, in the sense that you can only change the present one moment at a time, stubbornly, until the future unwinds itself into the stories of our lives.
C. JoyBell C.|If you want to access your power as a divine human being, you must search for the small inside of the big and for the big inside of the small. When you look up into the expanse of sky overhead, look for the stars, the planets, the birds that fly. Small things for the eye to spot. And when you look down into the the face of a streetside flower, look for joy, happiness, comfort, stillness, and a silent song. When you have mastered finding the small in the big and the big in the small, you will have mastered your own divinity.
Bernard Law Montgomery|Success to me is being a good person, treating people well.
Caroline Kennedy|Let us not be satisfied with just giving money. Money is not enough, money can be got, but they need your hearts to love them. So, spread your love everywhere you go.
Sunday Adelaja|We stand the risk of stagnation, because you refused to take risks. So life demands risks.
Deborah L. Parker, Navigating Life's Roadways: Stories of Insight from My Odyssey and Inspiration for Your Journey|God has given us all our unique story. It's not one that flows easily or pretty, but the story is ours! Find it and treasure it...
Gary Reilly, Ticket To Hollywood|Most people couple within their own height range- short couples are 8 percent apart, midsize couples are 8 percent apart. The exception is talls. Tall women, meanwhile, date men who are approximately the same size, 0 to 5 percent taller; extremely tall women go for men 0 to 2 percent taller. Tall men are kids in a candy store, dating whomever they want.
Abu Bakar Bashir|The courage in journalism is sticking up for the unpopular, not the popular.
Daniel C. Dennett|It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data. Insensibly one begins to twist facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts.
Saleem Haddad|They were just boys. Take away the band, the lights, the fame, and the screaming girls, and they were just boys, chosen for us to obsess over.
Tyler Florence|Size is not a reality, but a construct of the mind; and space a construct to contain constructs.
A. Saleh, Poetry Eyes|When you write about what you dream, you become a writer.When you dream about what you write, you become haunted by a curse.
Frederick Dodson, Parallel Universes of Self|To receive, you must be active. Keep in mind your purpose. You will receive in direct proportion to your clarity of vision, your definiteness of purpose, the steadiness of your faith, and the depth of your gratitude.
John C. Maxwell|He who wishes to serve his country must have not only the power to think, but the will to act
Jon Katz|Oshima's silent for a time as he gazes at the forest, eyes narrowed. Birds are flitting from one branch to the next. His hands are clasped behind his head. "I know how you feel," he finally says. "But this is something you have to work out on your own. Nobody can help you. That's what love's all about, Kafka. You're the one having those wonderful feelings, but you have to go it alone as you wander through the dark. Your mind and body have to bear it all. All by yourself.
Dmitry Glukhovsky, Metro 2033|The bigger the government, the more the corruption. It's almost never mentioned, and it might be the biggest of the ten principles that I am speaking of…Do you know who has created the greatest evils of history? Big governments. Big SECULAR governments. Hitler, Mao, Stalin, Pol Pot, all big States. Why would anybody trust the big state? It's amazing how many callers have imbued the college message that more people have been killed by religion than anything else in history. NO. More people have been killed by governments than anything else in history…….and just in the 20th century alone, and none of them were religious. You don't learn THAT in college.
Rea Lidde, Mission Possible, But Difficult Task|One morning indeed, I felt a sudden misgiving that she not only had left the house but had gone for good: I had just heard the sound of a door which seemed to me to be that of her room. On tiptoe I crept towards the room, opened the door, stood upon the threshold. In the dim light the bedclothes bulged in a semi-circle, that must be Albertine who, with her body bent, was sleeping with her feet and face to the wall. Only, overflowing the bed, the hair upon that head, abundant and dark, made me realise that it was she, that she had not opened her door, had not stirred, and I felt that this motionless and living semi-circle, in which a whole human life was contained and which was the only thing to which I attached any value, I felt that it was there, in my despotic possession.
Paula Heath, Orphans of a Loveless God - Volume II: Request|Good evening, you poor little Orphans of a Loveless God. Good evening to you blood sucking fools.
Dave Thomas|If you are living a life that feels right to you, if you're willing to take creative chances or a creative path that feels like it's mostly in keeping with your sensibilities, you know, aesthetic and artistic, then that's what matters.
John Lanchester, Capital|Its APPOINTED to live once, you wanna live twice?....u've been DISSAPPOINTED
Mensah Oteh|Planning your life creates within you a feeling of control which produces self-confidence, self-responsibility and self-assurance.
Barack Obama|I need to say this – you shouldn't trust any government, actually including this one. You should not trust government – full stop. The natural inclination of government is to hoard power and information; to accrue power to itself in the name of the public good.
Mark Twain, Eve's Diary|When I got started again, I drove slower and felt smaller. I think it does us all good to get looked at like that now and then by a wild animal.
Anthony T.Hincks|I wish that I was 'tech savvy', but unfortunately for me and my family, I'm 'tech illiterate'.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|These days, in the world of apps and social media and … idiot friends, it is literally impossible to avoid spoilers. If a character dies, it is gonna be the number one trending topic on Twitter, it is gonna be the top trending story on Facebook — and Reddit and Tumblr just turn into a completely uncensored memorial service of memes.This happens all the time with sports results, but — I shit you not — I once got a notification from the BBC News app saying that a character in a show I was watching had just died! I thought that news notifications are supposed to be for impending natural disasters, not for just ruining my bloody afternoon.
Marty Rubin|Days that lift us like a wave, when you feel you could live forever.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|As long as he does not convert it into action, it does not matter how much he thinks about this new repentance.
Jerry Bridges, Holiness Day by Day: Transformational Thoughts for Your Spiritual Journey|The heroes of faith in Hebrews 11 ... obeyed by faith ... obedience is the pathway to holiness ... no one will become holy apart from a life of faith. Faith enables us to claim the promises of God, but it also enables us to obey the commands of God.
Milton Friedman|I truly believe in positive synergy, that your positive mindset gives you a more hopeful outlook, and belief that you can do something great means you will do something great.
Lynne Rae Perkins, Nuts to You|Step and land, step and land. That's all travel was. Throw in some running and a change of scenery. No big deal, right? And so, off he went. Off they went together.
Kenneth Oppel|You can't eat [literature], that's the problem," he said. "I've tried, it's very dry, and not at all nutritious.
Avijeet Das|When I saw you, I discovered love!
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|When you decide to be better than you were yesterday and maintain this attitude, you are going to the peak.
Richard Wright, The Outsider|Truth is a matter of the imagination. The soundest fact may fail or prevail in the style of its telling: like that singular organic jewel of our seas, which grows brighter as one woman wears it and, worn by another, dulls and goes to dust. Facts are no more solid, coherent, round, and real than pearls are.
Rei Anthony Albon|Trust can be broken in just a few seconds, but it will only heal after years
Asa Don Brown|For far too long, the female gender has been plagued with stereotypes, typecasting, as well as, subtle and blatant discrimination.
Preston Sprinkle|Grace, on the other hand, means that God is pursuing you. That God forgives you. That God sanctifies you. When you are apathetic toward God, He is never apathetic toward you. When you don’t desire to pray and talk to God, He never grows tired of talking to you. When you forget to read your Bible and listen to God, He is always listening to you. Grace means that your spirituality is upheld by God’s stubborn enjoyment of you.Charis: God's Scandalous Grace for Us (p. 76).
Robert B. Laughlin|After a semester or so, my infatuation with computers burnt out as quickly as it had begun.
Vironika Tugaleva|Your skin is your skin. Your legs are your legs. Your hair is your hair. Your smile is your smile. Your past is your past. You can waste your life hating these things, but you may as well learn to accept them. Both routes are difficult and full of pain, but with acceptance, you will be happy one day, while with hatred, you never will.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|Whatever he goes through, I feel. Whatever I go through, he feels. It’s what happens when two people become one: they no longer only share love. They also share all of the pain, heartache, sorrow, and grief.
Ernst Pawel, The Nightmare of Reason: A Life of Franz Kafka|My view on writers? We all have the same shovels, but never dig in the same places or to the exact same depth
Elena Ferrante|Set fire to cities and nations, to hearts and minds, to the very core of every human spirit. Make sure your words seep into the skin of the reader, leaving trace minerals that sustain the ailing human shell. Make them pay attention. Set fire to the soul. Anything less is an abomination to creation.
Katherine Rundell, The Wolf Wilder|People say we can't do anything about the way the world is; they say it's set in stone. I say it looks like stone, but it's mostly paint and cardboard.
Samuel Richardson|Throughout the centuries there were men who took first steps, down new roads, armed with nothing but their own vision.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty, Phenomenology of Perception|The question is not what you look at, but what you see. It is only necessary to behold the least fact or phenomenon, however familiar, from a point a hair's breadth aside from our habitual path or routine, to be overcome, enchanted by its beauty and significance.
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|4.04 APOLOGYA second insult be just a stiff apology,As the first be when hurt was the party;Damages for aggrieved no medicine be,But healing from hurt - the desire only.[38]	- 4
Gitty Daneshvari, School of Fear|The forest, like a casino, always wins. That's why you should never gamble, or enter the forest. And above all, never underestimate Schmidty.
John Barnes, Raise the Gipper!|Going into the Republican Party National Convention, in all objective truth, our non‑winning front‑runners are the sorriest collection of stuffed shirts, empty suits, self‑gratulatory ignorami, and outright wig‑flipped ding‑dongs in the history of the Republic.
William Butler Yeats|Love is never defeated, and I could add, the history of Ireland proves it.
Carrie Fisher, The Princess Diarist|I'm sorry it's not Mark - it could've been. It should've been. It might've meant something. Maybe not much, but certainly more.
Brenda Lochinger|The future of my child is unknown but I have loved him, supported him, and taught him right from wrong. I will continue to do so...
Gary D. Schmidt, Lizzie Bright and the Buckminster Boy|Lizzie Bright Griffin, do you ever wish the world would just go ahead and swallow you whole?""Sometimes I do," she said, and then smiled. "but sometimes I figure I should just go ahead and swallow it.
Seth Godin, How the Fierce Handle Fear: Secrets to Succeeding in Challenging Times|Writing a book is a tremendous experience. It pays off intellectually. It clarifies your thinking. It builds credibility. It is a living engine of marketing and idea spreading, working every day to deliver your message with authority. You should write one.Seth Godin
Lailah Gifty Akita|God's Law is holy, righteous, and good.
Austin Butler|I'd like to make really important movies, like American Beauty. I was really proud to be a part of that movie.
Joshua David Bellin, Freefall|But the truth, I realize now, is that I always hoped. Even if I knew my hope was a lie, I held on to it.
Michael D. O'Brien, Island of the World|But in some great souls, who consider themselves as citizens of the world, and forcing the imaginary barriers that separate people from people...
Debasish Mridha|Your thoughts, beliefs, and imagination create you.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|I liked reading biographies of writers, even if (as was the case with Monsieur Rabelais)I'd never read any of their actual writing. I flipped to the back and found the highlighted quote ("NEVER USE A HIGHLIGHTER IN MY BOOKS,
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk|Among this people there is no leisure class. We often forget that in the United States over half the youth and adults are not in the world earning incomes, but are making homes, learning of the world, or resting after the heat of the strife. But here ninety-six per cent are toiling; no one with leisure to turn the bare and cheerless cabin into a home, no old folks to sit beside the fire and hand down traditions of the past; little of careless happy childhood and dreaming youth.
J.R. Ward, Lover Enshrined|She silenced him with her mouth, then pulled back. "You can't change what I think of you."He reached up and brushed her lower lip with his thumb."If you truly knew me, everything you believe would change.""Your heart would be the same. And that is what I love.
V.S. Carnes|Because you have my heart, Virgilia Wessex.” Softly, almost achingly. “Every black ounce of it. Scars and all.
Roman Payne|It was September, and there was a crackly feeling to the air. I was saying something that was making her laugh, and I couldn't stop looking at her. It was a little bit chilly, and her cheeks were pink, and her dark hair was flowing around her face. All I wanted for the rest of my life was to keep making her laugh like that. Sometimes our arms brushed against each other as we walked, and it was like I could feel the touch for minutes after it happened.
Max Irons|I was a typical teen growing up in the 1960s, when everybody was into gurus and meditation.
Erik Pevernagie|Espere" in Spanish, is the one word covering two meanings: "waiting" and "hoping". If life, however, offers no expectation or prospect, waiting represents time "wasted”. Waiting needs a future. If not, time is condemned to be "killed". In the event that we are lost in a gap of boredom and despair, we are driven back in a vacuum of senselessness and deadlocked in a point of nothingness. We are, so therefore, bound to watch the agony of "time". ("Waiting for a place behind the geraniums " )
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Isn’t it funny how we make rational excuses for being out of alignment?	We say, “Well, this ____ and that ____ happened, so it makes perfect sense for me to be feeling like this ____ and wanting to do this ____.”	Yet, to this day, I have never met a happy person who adheres to those excuses. In fact, each time I – or anyone else – decide to give in to “rational excuses” that justify feeling bad – it’s interesting that only further suffering is the result.	There is never a good enough reason for us to be out of alignment with peace. Sure, we can go there and make choices that dim our lights… and that is fine; there certainly is purpose for it and the contrast gives us lessons to learn… yet if we’re aware of what we are doing and we’re ready to let go of the suffering – then why go there at all? It’s like beating a dead horse. Been there, done that… so why do we keep repeating it?	Pain is going to happen; it’s inevitable in this human experience, yet it is often so brief. When we make those excuses, what happens is: we pick up that pain and begin to carry it with us into the next day… and the next day… into next week… maybe next month… and some of us even carry it for years or to our graves!	Forgive, let it go! It is NOT worth it! It is NEVER worth it. There is never a good enough reason for us to pick up that pain and carry it with us. There is never a good enough reason for us to be out of alignment with peace. Unforgiveness hurts you; it hurts others, so why even go there? Why even promote pain? Why say painful things to yourself or others? Why think pain? Just let it go!	Whenever I look back on painful things or feel pain today, I know it is my EGO that drives me to “go there.” The EGO likes to have the last word, it likes to feel superior, it likes to make others feel less than in hopes that it will make itself (me) feel better about my insecurities. Maybe if I hurt them enough, they will feel the pain I felt over what they did to me. It’s only fair! It’s never my fault; it’s always someone else’s. There is a twisted sense of pleasure I get from feeling this way, and my EGO eats it right up. YET! With awareness that continues to grow and expand each day, I choose to not feed my pain (EGO) or even go there. I still feel it at times, of course, so I simply acknowledge it and then release it.	I HAVE power and choice over my speech and actions. I do not need to ever “go there” again. It’s my choice; it’s your choice. So it’s about damn time we start realizing this. We are not victims of our impulses or emotions; we have the power to control them, and so it’s time to stop acting like we don’t. It’s time to relinquish the excuses.
Beth   Johnson, Thoughts From The Inside|From human problems come human solutions, which in turn spawn inspiration, creativity, insight and enlightenment. Without life's problems, life would become stagnant, dull and boring.
Herta Müller, The Hunger Angel|Let it all go, one foot in the grave and one bag packed. We shall go to our end in the warm glow of the past, burning up the memories, all the clutter given back.
Sonam Kapoor|When one paints an ideal, one does not need to limit one's imagination.
John Henrik Clarke|There's no question that a great teacher can make a huge difference in a student's achievement, and we need to recruit, train and reward more such teachers. But here's what some new studies are also showing: We need better parents. Parents more focused on their children's education can also make a huge difference in a student's achievement.
Christian D. Larson|She wished she wasn’t jealous, but in quiet, weak moments, she desperately wanted to be like them. She wanted gentlemen to shoulder each other out of the way for her attention, to hang on her every word, however vapid those words would have to be. She wished a gentleman, just one gentleman, would notice her.But then she remembered that she didn’t like to be vapid, and she didn’t wish her entire life to revolve around the attention of men.
Meister Eckhart|Make it a habit to tell people thank you. To express your appreciation, sincerely and without the expectation of anything in return. Truly appreciate those around you, and you'll soon find many others around you. Truly appreciate life, and you'll find that you have more of it.
Carl Henegan|People usually seek to join a religious system in order to gain the eternal bliss and freedom of the soul. But belonging somewhere; anywhere is not freedom. Free is the wind. You need to become the wind, not wanting to know how and why, but only to experience this quality of freedom that leads to the original “religion”. There the soul is finally ONE and aligned with anything.
George William Norris|In the First World War, there was the sudden passion of nationalism, and the killing took place because of these emotions. But the Soviet case is different, because you had systematic murder, like the Holocaust.
Julian Barnes, A History of the World in 10½  Chapters|You can deal with the brain, as I say; it looks sensible, whereas the heart, the human heart, I'm afraid, looks a fucking mess.
Lawrence Kasdan|But because it was able to balance that kind of humor with a sweet story and characters you really rooted for and also got across the girls' point of view, I've heard nothing but great things from younger and older females as well.
André Alexis, Fifteen Dogs|Prince's words had not been meant as a warning. Rather, he had been playing. He had been pretending. He had been speaking for speaking's sake. Could there be a more despicable use for words?
Rachel Gibson, See Jane Score|Home was his favorite place too. But home for him was anywhere Jane happened to be. Never in his life had he loved someone as much as he loved her. So much that it scared him sometimes. He pulled her against him and looked out over the city. He was in love with his wife. Yeah, he knew what that said about him. That he was a goner. Leg-shackled for life. Whipped by a short woman with a big attitude. Yep, that's what it said about him, and he didn't care.
Erin Hunter|Secrets could never be rushed. They had to come of their own accord, on their own schedule. That way ,when they came , the offered themselves as a gift.
Taryn Garland, Love Sum (theLOVESUM.com)|Gratitude does not mean the absence of solitude, but the presence of a positive attitude in spite of.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Don’t stretch your neck to see who is not doing it; you can do it better! Don’t turn to watch whoever is watching you; everybody is busily watching over his own actions at hand! Go, make your own real; do at the right time. The right time is now; so do it now!
Sherri Shepherd|I can make a lord, but only God can make a gentleman.
Robert G. Ingersoll|Music expresses feeling and thought, without language; it was below and before speech, and it is above and beyond all words. 
G.S. Jennsen, Vertigo|He wanted to grind every Federation world into dust beneath his boot as his army blazed a trail of blood and corpses all the way to Seneca.He wanted to storm their inner sanctum and fire a laser into the skull of their Field Marshal while their Chairman watched, then fire a laser into the skull of their Chairman.He wanted to burn their bodies on a pyre and carry the ashes back to Deucali and spread them on his mother’s consecrated grave.
Leah Cik Roth, My Eyes Looking Back at Me: Insight Into a Survivor's Soul|Think positive, Butch.
Euripides, Orestes|When one with honeyed words but evil mindPersuades the mob, great woes befall the state.
Eliezer Yudkowsky|There is no question that creative intelligence comes not through learning things you find in books or histories that have already been written, but by focusing on and giving value to experience as it happens.
Leo Howard|I do keep getting these bad girl roles. The funny thing is that, honestly, I don't think I'm believable as these aristocratic mean girls. But I do love playing them.
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|One fine day she left the past behind and gave privacy to the future. He took his now to take a walk, watch the sun, listen to good music, spread smiles and be grateful!
Tana French, In the Woods|So what are you thinking?" I asked. I meant about the case, obviously, but Cassie was in a giddy mood--she generates more energy than most people, and she'd been sitting indoors most of the day. "Will you listen to him? A woman asking a guy what he's thinking is the ultimate crime, she's clingy and needy and he runs a mile, but when it's the other--" "Behave yourself," I said, pulling her hood over her face. "Help! I'm being oppressed!" she yelled through it. "Call the Equality Commission." The stroller girl gave us a sour look. "You're overexcited," I told Cassie. "Calm down or I'll take you home with no ice cream.
Carson McCullers, The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter|Your life depends on a random stranger who could kill you, will probably disrespect you, and will most likely pay you much less than you deserve. But even those prospects are better than the ones you used to have. This is the life of los jornaleros – the day laborers.
Marilyn Monroe|Marriage is a great institution, but I'm not ready for an institution.
Dr. Seuss|Politics, according to the Social Doctrine of the Church, is one of the highest forms of charity, because it serves the common good. I cannot wash my hands, eh? We all have to give something!
Michael E. Porter, HBR's 10 Must Reads on Strategy|Understanding the competitive forces, and their underlying causes, reveals the roots of an industry’s current profitability while providing a framework for anticipating and influencing competition (and profitability) over time. P. 26
Crystal Boyd|We convince ourselves that life will be better after we get married, have a baby, then another. Then we are frustrated that the kids aren't old enough and we'll be more content when they are. After that we're frustrated that we have teenagers to deal with. We will certainly be happy when they are out of that stage. We tell ourselves that our life will be complete when our spouse gets his or her act together, when we get a nicer car, are able to go on a nice vacation, when we retire. The truth is, there's no better time to be happy than right now. Your life will always be filled with challenges. It's best to admit this to yourself and decide to be happy anyway. One of my favorite quotes comes from Alfred D Souza. He said, "For a long time it had seemed to me that life was about to begin - real life. But there was always some obstacle in the way, something to be gotten through first, some unfinished business, time still to be served, a debt to be paid. Then life would begin. At last it dawned on me that these obstacles were my life."This perspective has helped me to see that there is no way to happiness. Happiness is the way. So, treasure every moment that you have. Stop waiting until you finish school, until you go back to school, until you lose ten pounds, until you gain ten pounds, until you have kids, until your kids leave the house, until you start work, until you retire, until you get married, until you get divorced, until Friday night, until Sunday morning, until you get a new car or home, until your car or home is paid off, until spring, until summer, until fall, until winter, until you are off welfare, until the first or fifteenth, until your song comes on, until you've had a drink, until you've sobered up, until you die, until you are born again to decide that there is no better time than right now to be happy.
Jami Davenport, Blindsided: Seattle Steelheads Football|When I kissed you the day I left, I swear to God you stripped me bare.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|Being wealthy isn't just a question of having lots of money. It's a question of what we want. Wealth isn't an absolute, it's relative to desire. Every time we seek something that we can't afford, we can be counted as poor, how much money we may actually have.
John Medina, Brain Rules: 12 Principles for Surviving and Thriving at Work, Home, and School|The brain pays more attention to the gist than to the peripheral details of an emotionally charged experience...present information in a logically organized, hierarchical structure.
Alison Goodman, Eon: Dragoneye Reborn|I found power in accepting the truth of who I am. It may not be a truth that others can accept, but I cannot live any other way. How would it be to live a lie every minute of your life.
Thomm Quackenbush, Juvenile Justice: A Reference Handbook, 2nd Edition: A Reference Handbook|Placing our attention on providing consistent appreciation, approval, and applause to those we love not only focuses their energy on the good things about themselves but also teaches them to return the favor to us.
Harry G. Frankfurt, On Bullshit|The contemporary proliferation of bullshit also has deeper sources, in various forms of skepticism which deny that we can have any reliable access to an objective reality and which therefore reject the possibility of knowing how things truly are. These "anti-realist" doctrines undermine confidence in the value of disinterested efforts to determine what is true and what is false, and even in the intelligibility of the notion of objective inquiry. One response to this loss of confidence has been a retreat from the discipline required by dedication to the ideal of correctness to a quite different sort of discipline, which is imposed by pursuit of an alternative ideal of sincerity. Rather than seeking primarily to arrive at accurate representations of a common world, the individual turns toward trying to provide honest representations of himself. Convinced that reality has no inherent nature, which he might hope to identify as the truth about things, he devotes himself to being true to his own nature. It is as though he decides that since it makes no sense to try to be true to the facts, he must therefore try instead to be true to himself.But it is preposterous to imagine that we ourselves are determinate, and hence susceptible both to correct and to incorrect descriptions, while supposing that the ascription of determinacy to anything else has been exposed as a mistake. As conscious beings, we exist only in response to other things, and we cannot know ourselves at all without knowing them. Moreover, there is nothing in theory, and certainly nothing in experience, to support the extraordinary judgment that it is the truth about himself that is the easiest for a person to know. Facts about ourselves are not peculiarly solid and resistant to skeptical dissolution. Our natures are, indeed, elusively insubstantial -- notoriously less stable and less inherent than the natures of other things. And insofar as this is the case, sincerity itself is bullshit.
August Wilson|When I write, I write obsessively. I try to pace myself, but some fires are too hot to put out.
Cindy Morgan|Technology challenges us to assert our human values, which means that first of all, we have to figure out what they are.
Sanober  Khan|I live there...Far above the song-filled clouds,where the dewdrops touch my skin so bareI live there.
Candice Accola|A game one of my sisters will play with me in my first year of being alive is called Good Baby, Bad Baby. This consists of being told I am a good baby until I smile and laugh, then being told I am a bad baby until I burst into tears. This training will stand me in good stead all through my life.
Elizabeth Langston, Wishing for You|(...) 6,400,099,980 moments that constitute a single day. His point is that every single one of those moments provides an opportunity to reestablish our will. Even the snap of a finger, he says, provides us with sixty-five opportunities to wake up and to choose actions that will produce beneficial karma and turn our lives around.
Daniel Radcliffe|My mom used to tell me, 'If you read 50 books, I'll get you a motorbike.'
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Expect while reaching for the stars, people to whirl by with their dark clouds and storm upon you.
Henri Moissan|We have always tried to be guided by the basic idea that, in the discovery of knowledge, there is great entertainment - as, conversely, in all good entertainment, there is always some grain of wisdom, humanity, or enlightenment to be gained.
Elizabeth Goudge, The Rosemary Tree|Gratitude for every day along the way is the key to acknowledging and enjoying happiness now. Not when the results come in or when you retire, or when this or that happens.
Chris Leek, Smoke 'Em if You Got 'Em|Anger can be used for destruction and construction, It will be your decision that how you will use it.
Caroline Paul, Lost Cat: A True Story of Love, Desperation, and GPS Technology|There were only four dissentients, the three dogs and the cat, who was afterwards discovered to have voted on both sides.
Codi Gary, Make Me Crazy|Heya, Arlene. What’s shakin’?” Cotton greeted.“Don’t shift some of this weight, everything,” Arlene replied.
Courtney Allison Moulton, Angelfire|The possibility that hope comes out of hopelessness and that the opposite of things carry the seeds of birth - love out of hate, good out of evil. Didn't flowers grow out of dirt?
Simon Sebag Montefiore, Titans of History|If we can say no to all our worries, nothing can stop our greatness in life.
William S. Burroughs, And the Hippos Were Boiled in Their Tanks|I began to get a feeling (...) of being the only sane man in a nut house. It doesn't make you feel superior but depressed and scared, because there is nobody you can contact.
Sebastian Vettel|The value of the majority lies not in the opportunity to wield great power, but in the chance to use power to do great things.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|She should be on a hill somewhere, under a fruit tree, with the sun and clouds above her and the rain to wash her clean.
Jane Poynter|I have a huge fan following in Bellary, and when they met me, they told me about their problems. I have seen mining done without proper safety measures and not taking environmental protection into account.
Kristen Ashley, Fairytale Come Alive|I had one of those ideas I do sometimes get, though admittedly a chump of the premier class.
Madison Thorne Grey, Recompense|Hi there. I am the Gwarda, Breccan, the good-looking, sweet one." He winked. "The one thundering, yet, remaining aloof," he said loudly and continued, "is Darius. He's a savage, you know," he said quietly, leaning closer like he was telling her a secret.
Charles R. Swindoll, Intimacy With The Almighty|A man thinking or working will always be alone, let him be where he will.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|God is my only leader. Truth is my only sword. Guided only by my conscience, I am a true citizen of the world.
Amartya Sen, The Argumentative Indian: Writings on Indian History, Culture and Identity|(...) when a man's looking down the double barrel of a shotgun, he picks up the first weapon he can find to defend himself, be it a stone or a stick of stove wood or a citizens' council.
Ashlyn Macnamara, A Most Scandalous Proposal|Is a woman bound to wifely obedience, when the result will be to turn her out of the estate of wife?
Stephanie Lahart|MUSIC is, can, and will.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|The mind, just like the body, becomes exactly what it is fed. While the body is nourished by food, the mind is nourished by thoughts.
Montserrat Caballe|My loathings are simple: stupidity, oppression, crime, cruelty, soft music.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|If you do not like a certain behavior in others, look within yourself to find the roots of what discomforts you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we pray, we will be purified.
Douglas Wilson|I look at each episode in two ways - from a design standpoint and from an entertainment standpoint - this is TV, after all. We usually succeed on at least one of the levels.
Danielle Pierre|At times, we are the bridge that allows another to re-enter the world after a loss. Don't mistake it for more or its beauty may be lost.
Annie Dillard, The Writing Life|If you ask a twenty-one-year-old poet whose poetry he likes, he might say, unblushing, "Nobody's," In his youth, he has not yet understood that poets like poetry, and novelists like novels; he himself likes only the role, the thought of himself in a hat.
Sheila Jeffreys, Gender Hurts: A Feminist Analysis of the Politics of Transgenderism|Transgenderism depends for its very existence on the idea that there is an ‘essence’ of gender, a psychology and pattern of behaviour, which is suited to persons with particular bodies and identities.This is the opposite of the feminist view, which is that the idea of gender is the foundation of the political system of male domination. ‘Gender’, in traditional patriarchal thinking, ascribes skirts, high heels and a love of unpaid domestic labour to those with female biology, and comfortable clothing, enterprise and initiative to those with male biology. In the practice of transgenderism, traditional gender is seen to lose its sense of direction and end up in the minds and bodies of persons with inappropriate body parts that need to be corrected. But without ‘gender’, transgenderism could not exist. From a critical, feminist point of view, when transgender rights are inscribed into law and adopted by institutions, they instantiate ideas that are harmful to women’s equality and give authority to outdated notions of essential differences between the sexes. Transgenderism is indeed transgressive, but of women’s rights rather than an oppressive social system.
Lisa Edelstein|I find it almost comforting to count calories, because it makes me conscious of what I'm eating. But on Super Bowl Sunday, I thought, 'Surrender to it. It's nacho time.' Then I ate nothing but Doritos all day.
Sarah Thebarge|She wished she had cancer instead. She'd trade Alzheimer's for cancer in a heartbeat. She felt ashamed for wishing this, and it was certainly a pointless bargaining, but she permitted herself the fantasy anyway. With cancer, she'd have something to fight. There was surgery, radiation, and chemotherapy. There was the chance that she could win. Her family and the community at Harvard would rally behind her battle and consider it noble. And even if it defeated her in the end, she'd be able to look them knowingly in the eye and say good-bye before she left.
Megan Whalen Turner, The Queen of Attolia|If I am the pawn of the gods, it is because they know me so well, not because they make my mind up for me.
Pope John Paul II|The aesthetic came along the way, I think - just through experimenting, and going on tour, and trying stuff out on stage, having fun with it, and not taking it too seriously. If I had a ballgown at home, I'd wear it onstage. If I found something in a charity shop, I'd wear it. That's where it grew from - just wanting to play dress-up.
Lindy West, Shrill: Notes from a Loud Woman|The truth is I don't give a damn why anyone has an abortion. I believe unconditionally in the right of people with uteruses to decide what grow inside of their body and feeds on their blood and endangers their life and reroutes their future. There are no "good" abortions and "bad" abortions, there are only pregnant people who want them and pregnant people who don't, pregnant people who have access and support and pregnant people who face institutional roadblocks and lies.
Pedro Perry|Trust is learning how you feel about yourself,not how others feel about you.Do you trust how you feel.If not, why.
Rosa Parks|Equality is the public recognition, effectively expressed in institutions and manners, of the principle that an equal degree of attention is due to the needs of all human beings.
Gail Carson Levine, The Two Princesses of Bamarre|Step follows step,Hope follows Courage,Set your face towards danger,Set your heart on victory.
Deyth Banger|Hey, GreenHollyWood ruin my vision. I don't want to be gay... because what's shown in Mr.Robot it's geysish, mother fucker!
Maya Angelou|My mother said I must always be intolerant of ignorance but understanding of illiteracy. That some people, unable to go to school, were more intelligent and more educated than college professors.
Mlungisi Simelane|If you do not define yourself, your enemies will make sure they define you. Don't advertise what is not for sale..
Thomas Keating|God will bring people and events into our lives, and whatever we may think about them, they are designed for the evolution of His life in us.
Rakesh Vemulawada|I cut fake people faster than Bugatti reaches its 100 miles speed. I often tell myself, this is called "Art of Living".
Toni Morrison|We don't need any more writers as solitary heroes. We need a heroic writer's movement: assertive, militant, pugnacious.
David Mamet, Bambi vs. Godzilla: On the Nature, Purpose, and Practice of the Movie Business|Every scene should be able to answer three questions: "Who wants what from whom? What happens if they don't get it? Why now?
Jay McInerney, Bright Lights, Big City|A writer is someone who spends years patiently trying to discover the second being inside him, and the world that makes him who he is. When I speak of writing, the image that comes first to my mind is not a novel, a poem, or a literary tradition; it is the person who shuts himself up in a room, sits down at a table, and, alone, turns inward. Amid his shadows, he builds a new world with words.
Helen Oyeyemi, What is Not Yours is Not Yours|With boys there was a fundamental assumption that they had a right to be there — not always, but more often than not. With girls, 'Why her?' came up so quickly.
Angie karan|Embrace YOU...Believe in yourself, in this very moment...forgive yourself for all mistakes and 'bad' decisions you may have made in the past. Do not allow others opinions or judgements of who you were yesterday or decades ago define who you are today. Each and every day opens new doors for miracles of healing to occur in our lives. Embrace these miracles, big or small, even those you may presently be unaware of. Live in this moment, for this is all we have. Give thanks to your Higher Power for all that you are, for the very breath that allows life, love, and abundance to flow to you and through you forever more. Live in the Light of All That IS.﻿
Larissa Ione, Pleasure Unbound|She understood the risks, the limits, the possible consequences, and she was willing to accept all of that in return for the sheer joy of being with him. One night with him…one hundred… whatever fate allowed her, she would take.
Gigi Hadid|what a life would be if i could just live in the mountains dense with greenery, sit by my window and read my favourite books.
Peter Heather, The Fall of the Roman Empire: A New History of Rome and the Barbarians|When an actor reaches down into his emotional well and pulls up a deeply personal response, the audience can sense something special is going on. They may not know exactly what they're seeing, but they recognize it as authentic.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|It's my job to worry about you. I'm in love with you, Stacy. I have been ever since I can remember. It's always been you.
Renita D'Silva, Monsoon Memories|Prideep pointed to the flames of paraffin lamps as they came alive in the distance and cackled in awe at the experience. (…) I was to discover that making tasty soup with one carrot, ten peas and a little dishwater, was his greatest skill. One wondered what the man would be capable of creating with a blender and a non-stick frying-pan.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|You're a monster.Thanks. Does this mean I get a raise?No, just a medal. The budget isn't inexhaustable.
Robert Caro|A lot of things that we cannot buy and sell in markets used to be totally legal objects of market exchange - human beings when we had slavery, child labour, human organs, and so on. So there is no economic theory that actually says that you shouldn't have slavery or child labour because all these are political, ethical judgments.
Anatole France|Of all sexual aberrations, chastity is the strangest.
Colin Quinn, The Coloring Book: A Comedian Solves Race Relations in America|Obi-Wan's young face clouded. "Some secrets are best left concealed, Master." He shook his head. "Besides, why must you always be the one to do the uncovering? You know how the Council feels about these... detours. Perhaps, just once, the uncovering should be left to someone else."Qui-Gon looked suddenly sad. "No, Obi-Wan. Secrets must be exposed when found. Detours must be taken when encountered. And if you are the one who stands at the crossroads or the place of concealment, you must never leave it to another to act in your place.
Nikita Dudani|Books have power to bring you glory or doom, it all depends on perception.
Meghan Blistinsky|They rarely look at Baba -- the teenagers -- and then only with cold indifference, or even subtle disdain, as if my father should have known better than to allow old age and decay to happen to him.
Randall Munroe, What If?: Serious Scientific Answers to Absurd Hypothetical Questions|So Yoda sounds like our best bet as an energy source. But with world electricity consumption pushing 2 terawatts, it would take a hundred million Yodas to meet our demands. All things considered, switching to Yoda power probably isn't worth the trouble — though it would definitely be green.
Lysander Spooner|Death Row inmates are almost twice as expensive to house each year as other inmates. Death penalty trials are much costlier than trials where execution is not a potential punishment and consume more time from judges, public defenders, and other legal personnel.
Justin Swapp, The Magic Shop|All the season pale in comparison to the excitement and freedom of summer.It's the one time of the year when I can cut loose and feel like a kid again.Before the responsibilities,before the soul crushing pressure of trying to figure out my future.I can forget my crappy job;I can forget about my even crappier love life.Summer is my superpower.
Auliq Ice|Everyone is special; every moment in our life is unique. However difficult or painful a situation may look at present, it soon becomes a memory and a special journey. Memories make us who we are, but it also starts declining with age. There are many ways to preserve these special moments so that we can cherish a story that's our own.
Kelton Wright, Anonymous Asked: Life Lessons from the Internet's Big Sister|They say the young are fearless, but I would rather be brave. To dive into something with no regard for the consequences is not insignificant, but to predict, recognize, and prepare for all possible consequences and still charge on is something to marvel at, something to aspire to.
Coco J. Ginger|He brought out the worst in me, and was the best thing that ever happened to me.
Steven Magee|Light and the human is poorly understood by the astronomicalprofession, with many astronomers not understanding which light bulbs they should have in their ownhomes and offices! It is embarrassing that astronomers do not understand the many forms of artificiallighting that they are exposed to every day and how it affects them.
P.A. Shah, Rheumatology Multiple Choice Questions with Explanations|Attractive souls are different than beautiful souls. Attractive souls take care of their outward appearance for appearance sake. Beautiful souls care for themselves inwardly and outwardly, so they can be of value to themselves and to others.
Julia Stiles|Green has always been my mom's favorite color. My father, aunt and I have gotten her jade, emerald, and peridot pieces over the years, and we always seem to be on the lookout.
Jose Rodriguez|In my book, I detail the critical information we obtained from al Qaeda terrorists after they became compliant following a short period of enhanced interrogation. I have no doubt that that interrogation was legal, necessary and saved lives.
William Irwin, More Matrix and Philosophy: Revolutions and Reloaded Decoded|Why, Mr. Anderson?, Why, why?. Why do you do it? Why, why get up?.Why keep fighting?. Do you believe you're fighting...for something?.For more than your survival?. Can you tell me what it is?. Do you even know?; Is it freedom?, Or truth?.Perhaps peace?. Could it be for love?Illusions, Mr. Anderson. Vagaries of perception. Temporary constructs of a feeble human intellect trying desperately to justify an existence that is without meaning or purpose. And all of them as artificial as the Matrix itself, although... only a human mind could invent something as insipid as love. You must be able to see it, Mr. Anderson. You must know it by now, You can't win. It's pointless to keep fighting. Why, Mr. Anderson?. Why?, Why do you persist?. Agent Smith ( Matrix Revolutions Movie, 2003 ).
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The Gulag Archipelago 1918-1956|Andrei Yanuaryevich (one longs to blurt out, “Jaguaryevich”) Vyshinsky, availing himself of the most flexible dialectics (of a sort nowadays not permitted either Soviet citizens or electronic calculators, since to them yes is yes and no is no), pointed out in a report which became famous in certain circles that it is never possible for mortal men to establish absolute truth, but relative truth only. He then proceeded to a further step, which jurists of the last two thousand years had not been willing to take: that the truth established by interrogation and trial could not be absolute, but only, so to speak, relative. Therefore, when we sign a sentence ordering someone to be shot we can never be absolutely certain, but only approximately, in view of certain hypotheses, and in a certain sense, that we are punishing a guilty person. Thence arose the most practical conclusion: that it was useless to seek absolute evidence-for evidence is always relative-or unchallengeable witnesses-for they can say different things at different times. The proofs of guilt were relative, approximate, and the interrogator could find them, even when there was no evidence and no witness, without leaving his office, “basing his conclusions not only on his own intellect but also on his Party sensitivity, his moral forces” (in other words, the superiority of someone who has slept well, has been well fed, and has not been beaten up) “and on his character” (i.e., his willingness to apply cruelty!)… In only one respect did Vyshinsky fail to be consistent and retreat from dialectical logic: for some reason, the executioner’s bullet which he allowed was not relative but absolute…
Audre Lorde|God, our Creator, has stored within our minds and personalities, great potential strength and ability. Prayer helps us tap and develop these powers.
J. Robert Lennon, Castle|I know what it's like to have secrets. Ones that are way traumatic. Ones that are so awful you can't tell anybody, even though you're dying to. So I'm not going to talk about this with anyone. It's the right thing to do. Karma and all.
Anita Moorjani, Dying to Be Me: My Journey from Cancer, to Near Death, to True Healing|If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Maybe I'll obey the rules. Some of them, anyway, who knows? What are you going to do if I don't, by the way, and haven't I asked you this before?
Kahlil Gibran|But if you love and must needs have desires, let these be your desires:To melt and be like a running brook that sings its melody to the night.To know the pain of too much tenderness.To be wounded by your own understanding of love;And to bleed willingly and joyfully.To wake at dawn with a winged heart and give thanks for another day of loving;To rest at noon hour and meditate love's ecstasy;To return home at eventide with gratitude;And then to sleep with a prayer for the beloved in your heart and a song of praise on your lips.
Keira Knightley|All through my life what I've loved doing is watching movies. I love the escapism of film, I love stories. So it is incredible to be able to be in them as much as I am, to see them from the first stitch in a costume to the end product.
Jonathan Larson, Rent|We can always create enough of our own local money to handle all the trades and exchanges we wish to make. While national currency basically drives, and is driven by profit, local money supports people with other values: people who believe in local diversity, mutual help, treating people as assets instead of problems, valuing all types of work, creating strong social networks and protecting the environment. It is these people, their values and commitment that make local money systems work.
