Iain Thomas|Everyone changes so slowly, they don't even know that they have. And everyone likes to pretend that things are just the same yet they look at you like you could bring something back that's supposed to already be here. But home is a time. Not just a place.
Lailah Gifty, Akita|Is there any knowledge that refreshes the soul, renew the spirit, and restored the body like the study of the Holy Scriptures?
V.C. Andrews, Daughter of Darkness|My life is like an autumn leafI lie around unclaimed.The breeze blows me around,To be trampled under the feet of men.Natures cruel feast has bestowed me with pain,Pain of being a part,Just a part of someone.Pain of departing,Departing from that one.Pick me up like a rose,And hold me to your heart.Keep me there till he does not come.And when he comes do a good deed,Dig the earth below,And bury me deepFor I don't want to lie around,Unclaimed, unloved.
Nora Ephron, I Feel Bad about My Neck: And Other Thoughts on Being a Woman|There is something called the rapture of the deep, and it refers to what happens when a deep-sea diver spends too much time at the bottom of the ocean and can't tell which way is up. When he surfaces, he's liable to have a condition called the bends, where the body can't adapt to the oxygen levels in the atmosphere. All of this happens to me when I surface from a great book.
Clarence Darrow|We are born and we die; and between these two most important events in our lives more or less time elapses which we have to waste somehow or other. In the end it does not seem to matter much whether we have done so in making money, or practicing law, or reading or playing, or in any other way, as long as we felt we were deriving a maximum of happiness out of our doings.
Deyth Banger|It's always a kind of liberation to leave the classroom during a lesson, even just for a few minutes. As if you have managed to steal a little time for yourself, to take a break from reality
Ronnie McBrayer, Leaving Religion, Following Jesus|We in the revivalist tradition have viewed grace only in terms of privatized, individualized spirituality. Give people enough Jesus to save their souls, move them to an emotional decision, help them get their hearts right and acquire a more responsible morality, and that will be enough. But that is not enough. It is not even the beginning of enough. God was concerned about those living in dire suffering long before Bono, Angelina Jolie, or George Clooney turned into social activists.
Kristin Hannah, The Nightingale|I am a mother and mothers don’t have the luxury of falling apart in front of their children, even when they are afraid, even when their children are adults.
Jan Beatty|my only complaints are two:that I didn't make myself readyfor you sooner in life, thatI can't give you better,Love you more.
James E. Faust|Ever since Newton, we've done science by taking things apart to see how they work. What the computer enables us to do is to put things together to see how they work: we're now synthesized rather than analysed. I find one of the most enthralling aspects of computers is limitless communication.
Tyler Oakley, Binge|It wasn't as if they had a choice. They were soldiers whose choices had ended when they had signed contracts and taken their oaths. Whether they had joined for reasons of patriotism, of romantic notions, to escape a broken home of some sort, or out of economic need, their job now was to follow the orders of other soldiers who were following orders, too. Somewhere, far from Iraq, was where the orders began, but by the time they reached Rustamiyah, the only choice left for a solider was to choose which lucky charm to tuck behind his body armor, or which foot to line up in front of the other, as he went out to follow the order of the day.
Adam Oates|But I absolutely believe that architecture is a social activity that has to do with some sort of communication or places of interaction, and that to change the environment is to change behaviour.
Benny Lewis, Fluent in 3 Months: How Anyone at Any Age Can Learn to Speak Any Language from Anywhere in the World|If the goal you've set for yourself has a 100 percent chance of success, then frankly you aren't aiming high enough.
Russell Baker|If I didn't try to eavesdrop on every bus ride I take or look for the humor when I go for a walk, I would just be depressed all the time.
Debasish Mridha|Service is joy, Service is the kindnessService is love, Service is the happiness
Elyse M. Fitzpatrick, Give Them Grace: Dazzling Your Kids with the Love of Jesus|Idolatry, like all sin, is devastating to the soul. It cuts us off from the comforts of grace, the peace of conscience, and the joy that is to be our strength.
John Shearman, Mannerism|It is difficult to understand the journey of a hero,” the whisperer said.
Kendare Blake, Anna Dressed in Blood|I hate telling people this. I never know exactly how my voice is going to sound saying it, and I hate the stricken looks they get on their faces when they don't know what to say back.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The soul evolves as a person addresses the chaos, vagaries, and perplexities of enduring an earthly life. We each ultimately become our own version of an ideal self by stage-managing who we become.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Seeing Oneam undone!Enemy norlo! friend-sans One-is none.That! is "am"One-o-One!
Susan C.Young|Mix, Mingle, Glow. Stretch beyond your own comfort zone to speak with, sit with, and start conversations with people whom you do not know. Take the initiative to help other people capture the spotlight and shine.
Adam Gidwitz, The Inquisitor's Tale: Or, the Three Magical Children and Their Holy Dog|She smiled at him, that same look of shared understanding, then reached in again to touch his hand, pinching his palm between her thumb and index finger. 'You OK?''I could be on fire, but seeing you would make it all OK,' he replied, his voice as brittle as a three-pack-a-day smoker.
Harland Williams|Comedy is still alive, and there are still funny people. Jews are still overrepresented in comedy and psychiatry and underrepresented in the priesthood. That immigrant Jewish humor is still with us.
Lisa Kleypas, Sugar Daddy|And although I appreciated their kindness more than they would ever know, it's a fact that friends last longer the less you use them.
Lev Grossman|Up until relatively recently, creating original characters from scratch wasn't a major part of an author's job description. When Virgil wrote The Aeneid, he didn't invent Aeneas; Aeneas was a minor character in Homer's Odyssey whose unauthorized further adventures Virgil decided to chronicle. Shakespeare didn't invent Hamlet and King Lear; he plucked them from historical and literary sources. Writers weren't the originators of the stories they told; they were just the temporary curators of them. Real creation was something the gods did.All that has changed. Today the way we think of creativity is dominated by Romantic notions of individual genius and originality, and late-capitalist concepts of intellectual property, under which artists are businesspeople whose creations are the commodities they have for sale.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|In a world where you can get a spare kidney, a black-market Picasso or a ticket to ride into space, why can’t I see some actual sex? Some actual fucking from people who want to fuck each other? Some chick in an outfit I halfway respect, having the time of her life? I have MONEY. I’m willing to PAY for this. I AM NOW A 35-YEAR-OLD WOMAN, AND I JUST WANT A MULTI-BILLION-DOLLAR INTERNATIONAL PORN INDUSTRY WHERE I CAN SEE A WOMAN COME. I just want to see a good time.
Deepa Bhushan|The difference between a beginning teacher and an experienced one is that the beginning teacher asks, "How am I doing?" and the experienced teacher asks, How are the children doing?
Laurie Halse Anderson, The Impossible Knife of Memory|Nobody liked my plan."You want us to split up?" Chase asked, his brow wrinkling in obvious bewilderment.Lake echoed the sentiment, her voice flat. "Why would we split up? There's four of us and one of him." After a brief moment's pause, she amended her head count to better reflect the real odds. "Three and a half of us, one of him."Three and a half, as in three werewolves, one human. I narrowed my eyes. "For your sake, Lake, I'm going to pretend that Devon is the half."Dev, unquestionably the strongest person in the room, just shrugged and let me keep my delusions. "It's because of my petite stature," he said. All 6'4" of him.
Michael D. Higgins|The best form of flattery is to be admired, imitated or respected. I've always felt proud our fans look up to us or feel we are inspirational.
Corinne Duyvis|That’s very trusting.” Iris watches Anke search our backpacks.“We’re saving people’s lives. We thought we could be,”Anke says. I’m more fixated on her arm in my backpack than on what she’s saying, though. That bag is nearly empty, but it’s mine. She’s messing it up. Her hands might not even be clean.When she does stop, I immediately wish she hadn’t. “Denise,” she says, “I need to search your bed next.”My gaze flicks to my pillow. “I. I. Could I.”“She doesn’t like people touching her bed.” Iris stands, guarding me.“You’re touching it,” Captain Van Zand’s brother says.Iris shoots him a withering look. “I sat at the foot, which is the only place that’s OK for even me to touch, and I’m her sister.”Anke’s sigh sounds closer to a hiss. “Look, we have more rooms to search.”I squirm. No. Not squirm. I’m rocking. Back and forth. “Wait,” I say.“You can’t—” Iris goes on.“Just ’cause she’s too precious to—” the man argues.“Wait,” I repeat, softer this time, so soft that I’m not even sure Iris hears it. “Can I, can I just, wait. I can lift the sheets and mattress myself. You can look. Right? Is that good? Right? Is that good? If I lift them?” I force my jaw shut.No one says anything for several moments. I can’t tell if Anke is thinking of a counterargument or if she really is trying to make this work. Her lips tighten. “OK. If you listen to my instructions exactly.”“You’re indulging her?” Captain Van Zand’s brother says. “She’s just being difficult. Have you ever seen an autistic kid? Trust me, they’re not the kind to take water scooters into the city like she did.”“Denise, just get it done,” Anke snaps.I don’t stand until they’re far enough away from the bed, as if they might jump at me and touch the bed themselves regardless. I blink away tears. It’s dumb, I know that—I’m treating Anke’s hands like some kind of nuclear hazard—but this is my space, mine, and too little is left that’s mine as is. I can’t even face Iris. With the way she tried to help, it feels as though I’m betraying her by offering this solution myself.I keep my head low and follow Anke’s orders one-handed. Take off both the satin and regular pillowcases, show her the pillow, shake it (although I tell her she can feel the pillow herself: that’s OK, since the pillowcases will cover it again anyway)—lift the sheets, shake them, lift the mattress long enough for her to shine her light underneath, let her feel the mattress (which is OK, too, since she’s just touching it from the bottom) . . .They tell us to stay in our room for another hour.I wash my hands, straighten the sheets, wash my hands again, and wrap the pillow in its cases.“That was a good solution,” Iris says.“Sorry,” I mutter.“For what?”Being difficult. Not letting her help me. I keep my eyes on the sheets as I make the bed and let out a small laugh.
Frantz Fanon, The Wretched of the Earth|Everything can be explained to the people, on the single condition that you want them to understand.
Dominic Riccitello|We do things because we want it, not because they’re good for us.
Sunday Adelaja|When you confront, you are more result oriented.
Mark Twain|Death has its revelations: the great sorrows which open the heart open the mind as well; light comes to us with our grief. As for me, I have faith; I believe in a future life. How could I do otherwise? My daughter was a soul; I saw this soul. I touched it, so to speak.
Edmond Jabès|WIDE, the margin between carte blanche and the white page. Nevertheless it is not in the margin that you can find me, but in the yet whiter one that separates the word-strewn sheet from the transparent, the written page from the one to be written in the infinite space where the eye turns back to the eye, and the hand to the pen, where all we write is erased, even as you write it. For the book imperceptibly takes shape within the book we will never finish.There is my desert.
VIRGIL PROFEANU|Not knowing what you have means not having it (at all). Not knowing where you have what you have means not having it (at all). Not knowing that you don’t own what you don’t have means never getting it. Having, not having – human (being) you are.
Joyce Carol Oates, A Widow's Story|Still, I am angry with him. I am very angry with him. With my poor dead defenseless husband, I am furious as I was rarely—perhaps never—furious with him, in life. How can I forgive you, you’ve ruined both our lives.
V.C. Andrews, Seeds of Yesterday|Amnesia was a soldier's best friend, and luckily, it could be taught. Missing limbs still ache, but missing memories never do.
M.F. Moonzajer|I only mean, Bessy, there's good and bad in everything in this world; and as you felt the bad up here, I thought it was but fair you should know the bad down there.
Debasish Mridha|I don't desire to be intelligent, but I do desire to be loving and kind.
Flannery O'Connor, The Habit of Being: Letters of Flannery O'Connor|Children know by instinct that hell is an absence of love, and they can pick out theirs without missing.
Roshani Chokshi, A Crown of Wishes|If you are smart, you will be attracted towards beautiful.If you are beautiful, well, then, you'll assume you are smart & you will be attracted towards beautiful.
Deyth Banger, It's not a happy|Whatever you do in this lifetime, strive to make your parents happy and proud
Susan Sontag|Johns Hopkins introduced me to two defining events in my life: commitment to biomedical research and meeting my future wife, Mary.
Germany Kent|Nobody really cares if you’re miserable, so you might as well be happy and the make the most of where you are.
Anne Eliot, Unmaking Hunter Kennedy|It’s really hard to deny a kid who’s father has passed away. We all just wanted you to be happy so we messed that up. Your career wasn’t about the money. Not at first. It gave you both something big to do so you could stay busy and forget how much you missed your dad.” His heart twisted, and he whispered, “When I think of him...I don’t remember his face, but I do remember how much it hurt to have him simply there one day and gone the next...just gone.” Nan nodded. “Imagine how your mom felt. Your dad was the love of her life.
Tess Sharpe, Far From You|We walk into the rest of our lives together, not knowing it'll end before it's truly started.
Karen Marie Moning, Iced|One thing, though," Qhuinn murmured."What?"The voice that came out his throat was unlike anything he'd ever heard from himself before. "If any guy breaks your heart or treats you like shit, I will bust him apart with my bare hands and leave his broken, bloody body for the sun."Blay's laughter rumbled around the tiled walls. "Of course you will--""I'm dead fucking serious."Blay's blue eyes shot over his shoulder."If there are any who dare to hurt you," Qhuinn growled in the Old Language, "I shall see them staked afore me and shall leave their bodies in ruin.
Jim Butcher|Sure, we'd faced some things as children that a lot of kids don't. Sure, Justin had qualified for his Junior de Sade Badge in his teaching methods for dealing with pain. We still hadn't learned, though, that growing up is all about getting hurt. And then getting over it. You hurt. You recover. You move on. Odds are pretty good you're just going to get hurt again. But each time, you learn something.Each time, you come out of it a little stronger, and at some point you realize that there are more flavors of pain than coffee. There's the little empty pain of leaving something behind - gradutaing, taking the next step forward, walking out of something familiar and safe into the unknown. There's the big, whirling pain of life upending all of your plans and expecations. There's the sharp little pains of failure, and the more obscure aches of successes that didn't give you what you thought they would. There are the vicious, stabbing pains of hopes being torn up. The sweet little pains of finding others, giving them your love, and taking joy in their life they grow and learn. There's the steady pain of empathy that you shrug off so you can stand beside a wounded friend and help them bear their burdens. And if you're very, very lucky, there are a very few blazing hot little pains you feel when you realized that you are standing in a moment of utter perfection, an instant of triumph, or happiness, or mirth which at the same time cannot possibly last - and yet will remain with you for life.Everyone is down on pain, because they forget something important about it: Pain is for the living. Only the dead don't feel it.Pain is a part of life. Sometimes it's a big part, and sometimes it isn't, but either way, it's a part of the big puzzle, the deep music, the great game. Pain does two things: It teaches you, tells you that you're alive. Then it passes away and leaves you changed. It leaves you wiser, sometimes. Sometimes it leaves you stronger. Either way, pain leaves its mark, and everything important that will ever happen to you in life is going to involve it in one degree or another.
Peter Heather, The Fall of the Roman Empire: A New History of Rome and the Barbarians|The problem is that our ideas are sticky: once we produce a theory, we are not likely to change our minds....
Debasish Mridha|Cleverness is egocentric, dramatic, gives you an illusion of success. We are always running behind it and ultimately suffer. Whereas simplicity is spiritual, blissful, not dramatic, simple but joyful and gives inner peace. Which is our ultimate goal.
Larry Elder|Now I meditate twice a day for half an hour. In meditation, I can let go of everything. I'm not Hugh Jackman. I'm not a dad. I'm not a husband. I'm just dipping into that powerful source that creates everything. I take a little bath in it.
Waseem Latif|The computer is incredibly fast, accurate, and stupid.Man is unbelievably slow, inaccurate, and brilliant.The marriage of the two is a force beyond calculation.
Garth Ennis, The Boys, Volume 9: The Big Ride|Buy Facebook Likes: Buy Cheap Facebook Likes at low Price | fastestlikes.comSocial Media Marketing ServicesWe’ll help you to improve your Social Media presence by offering some simple, clean and best packages with the 100% money back guarantee.” ― fastestlikes.comwe are the best SMM Panel
Becca Lee|If any religion turns against love of equal partners, there's something flawed with the religion, not the love.
Ashley Jade, Blame It on the Pain|Rylan!" Melanie squeals, high-pitched enough to break glass. "I'm, like, so sorry I haven't talked to you all night. Being a hostess is hard work." She dramatically wipes imaginary sweat off her forehead. "Anyway, I finally have some free time. So why don't we go dance, hmm?"Gripping my waist a little too tightly for my taste, she tries to pull me back to the house. I stand strong., jerking Melanie back when I don't
Alan Moore|LADIES AND GENTLEMEN! YOU'VE READ ABOUT IT IN THE NEWSPAPERS! NOW, SHUDDER AS YOU OBSERVE, BEFORE YOUR VERY EYES, THAT MOST RAREAND RAGIC OF NATURE'S MIS
Wendy Blight, Living So That: Making Faith-Filled Choices in the Midst of a Messy Life|I accepted what the Sisters taught in religion class: that God is loving, merciful, charitable, forgiving. That message didn't jibe with adults smacking kids.
Euripides|It is true that going out on to the street implies the risk of accidents happening, as they would to any ordinary man or woman. But if the church stays wrapped up in itself, it will age. And if I had to choose between a wounded church that goes out on to the streets and a sick, withdrawn church, I would definitely choose the first one.
A J.J. Graves|Why do people believe what they read in the newspapers, but question what they read in the Bible?
Alan Watt, The 90-Day Novel: Unlock the story within|Our job as writers is to be as curious as a child, to see things for the first time, and to never assume. We must always be willing to surrender our idea of the story to allow the larger story to emerge. We are seeking to understand the nature of things, the underlying forces at work.
Ian McEwan, Enduring Love|I've never outgrown that feeling of mild pride, of acceptance, when children take your hand.
Ryan Gosling|I could start a war in 30 seconds. But some countries spend 100 years trying to find peace. Just like good manners, peace has to be learned.
Isa Zapata|The more you believe in yourself, the more the world believes in you!
Jay Woodman|...the strands that connect us are frail, so don't hang great weights on slender wires...
Pearl S. Buck, The Good Earth|He saw on the paper a picture of a man, white-skinned, who hung upon a crosspiece of wood. The man was without clothes except for a bit about his loins, and to all appearences he was dead, since his head drooped upon his shoulder and his eyes were closed above his bearded lips. Wang Lung looked at the pictured man in horror and with increasing interest.
Ansel Elgort|As far as vanity and wrinkles and things like that, that's a part of life I don't worry about. I put on creams, you know, but don't go mad, and I don't have any kind of treatments. I just live a healthy lifestyle. And staying happy, not getting negative and angry, I think that helps, looking at the positive of everything.
Gayendra Abeywardane, Crocodile Chamber|Our toys were sixteen or seventeen; only the very eldest were in their early twenties, because, apparently, I didn't envision anything of particular interest in life beyond twenty-five. And now I am a greater age than any of the toys were allowed to reach, older than I even cared to imagine as a child.
Richie Sambora|After a Saturday game, we're in on a Sunday to cool down and make sure we're fully back at it again. But it doesn't really affect things too much. It's basically like you've had a game on the Saturday, and then you're in the cup on a Tuesday.
Anna Moss|With practice, INTJs become skilled at nodding and making responsive noises at appropriate times,while internally wondering whether dolphins have language or thinking about how Star Wars breaksthe laws of physics.
Jeanette Winterson|Much of human progress has involved reducing the time and energy, as well as the number of processes we have to engage in and think about, for each of us to obtain the necessities of life.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|Everyone has a dream, a vision, a goal and a desire. Just because we have bigger dreams than others doesn’t mean they don’t have one. Sometimes we just too lazy to make it happen or are scared of failing.”But trying is better than not doing anything at all.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|Because he believed in himself, he believed what he did was important. Or maybe it was the other way around.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|In describing the ways that religious and other types of communities appropriate and understand their histories, among both fundamentalists and non-fundamentalists, the sociologist Anthony Giddens utilizes the term “reflexivity” and states that it is the characteristic of “all human action.” Reflexivity takes place when individuals and/or communities utilize their perceptions of their histories as a way of guiding their present and future actions. For Giddens, tradition is a means of “handling time and space, which asserts any particular activity or experience with the community of past, present, and future, these in turn being structured by recurrent social practices.” In light of this, tradition is a set of entities which religious communities and cultures continually reconstruct within certain parameters. Religions are not completely static in that almost every new generation reinvents the religious and cultural inheritance from the generations that preceded it.
Steven Rowley|The very best thing about dogs is how they just know when you need them most, and they’ll drop everything that they’re doing to sit with you awhile.
Robert Peate|Work or die’—this is the essence of slavery, of compulsion. And yet this is our world. Most of our world is enslaved but does not know it. Only the homeless are free, and for their freedom we sentence them to death. To refuse compulsion is to earn death, suffering, and calumny. It is not to refuse work—the homeless work very hard, endure many hardships we cannot imagine in our comfortable slavery. And yet we call our slavery freedom. We do not know what freedom means, yet.
Ana Claudia Antunes, How to Make a Book|Dialogues must appear as natural as if coming from effortless writing. It must not sweat. Your beloved readers must not sweat. But here am I, literally sweating, because my characters are literally talking dirty in a steamy sweaty and bloody scene.
Yogi Berra|Academe, n.: An ancient school where morality and philosophy were taught. Academy, n.: A modern school where football is taught.
Carol Ann Duffy, The World's Wife|I'm not the first or the lastto stand on a hillock,watching the man she marriedprove to the worldhe's a total, utter, absolute, Grade A pi
Cynthia Voigt, Homecoming|Stone gnomes and angels filled the gardens, and it seemed that they were also sleeping, as though a witch had cast a spell on them.
Tommy Wallach, We All Looked Up|He’d only ever seen a gun once, a smaller one on the hip of that old deputy, a gun he’d always figured was more for show. He stuffed a fistful of deadly rounds in his pocket, thinking how each one could end an individual life, and understanding why such things were forbidden. Killing a man should be harder than waving a length of pipe in their direction. It should take long enough for one’s conscience to get in the way.
Sara Grant, Half Lives|Sir, we have a saying in our country: ‘There’s no government, like no government.
Marie-Catherine d'Aulnoy, Spells of Enchantment: The Wondrous Fairy Tales of Western Culture|Ultimately, the definition of both the wonder tale and the fairy tale, which derives from it, depends on the manner in which a narrator/author arranges known functions of a tale aesthetically and ideologically to induce wonder and then transmits the tale as a whole according to customary usage of a society in a given historical period. The first stage for the literary fairy tale involved a kind of class and perhaps even gender appropriation. The voices of the nonliterate tellers were submerged, and since women in most cases were not allowed to be scribes, the tales were scripted according to male dictates or fantasies, even though they may have been told by women. Put crudely, it could be said that the literary appropriation of the oral wonder tales served the hegemonic interests of males within the upper classes of particular communities and societies, and to a great extent this is true. However, such a statement must be qualified, for the writing down of the tales also preserved a great deal of the value system of those deprived of power. And the more the literary fairy tale was cultivated and developed, the more it became individualized and varied by intellectuals and artists, who often sympathized with those society marginalized or were marginalized themselves. The literary fairy tale allowed for new possibilities of subversion in the written word and in print, and therefore it was always looked upon with misgivings by the governing authorities in the civilization process.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|Once we understand cause and effect, we can stop complaining about the effects of our choices. We can start making more mindful decisions about the thoughts we entertain, the actions we perform, the people with whom weassociate, and the quality of life we want to live.
Tim FitzHigham, In The Bath: Conquering the Channel in a Piece of Plumbing|Fie, fie upon her! There's language in her eye, her cheek, her lip, Nay, her foot speaks; her wanton spirits look out at every joint and motive of her body.
M. Scott Peck, The Road Less Traveled: A New Psychology of Love, Traditional Values, and Spiritual Growth|Oh, let me tell you, feelings are all dangerous. Love, hope... Ha! Hope! You talk about dangerous, eh? No, you can't avoid any of them. We all own a beast called anger. It can serve us: many good things come out of anger at bad things; many unjust things are made just. But first we all have to figure out how to civilize it.
Greg Gutfeld, The Joy of Hate: How to Triumph over Whiners in the Age of Phony Outrage|People who use their religion as a framework to kill people, simply , are not nice people. Yes, that's quite a stand I'm making, but the idea that people are systematically executed because they don't share your God is beyond barbaric. The fact that there are people in our own country who seem to tolerate that, while being intolerant of a Christian's biblical stance regarding gay marriage, makes me want to go to leave the United States and go to a more sensible place, like Texas. in their conversation when they aren't talking about the Arctic winds, people who bring their own bedroom pillows onto flights, pharmacists who yell out your prescription in front of other customers, Time Warner Cable, Sting's chest hair) but I'll get into that later.... I may not do that...though, because I refuse to tolerate lists. They're lazy. And listy.
Monica Lewinsky|There is a collective as well as an individual humor inclining peoples to sadness or cheerfulness, making them see things in bright or somber lights. In fact, only society can pass a collective opinion on the value of human life; for this the individual is incompetent.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|Like all other music, it breathed passion and pathos, and emotions high or tender, in a tongue native to the human heart, wherever educated.
Alexander the Great|If it were not my purpose to combine barbarian things with things Hellenic, to traverse and civilize every continent, to search out the uttermost parts of land and sea, to push the bounds of Macedonia to the farthest Ocean, and to disseminate and shower the blessings of the Hellenic justice and peace over every nation, I should not be content to sit quietly in the luxury of idle power, but I should emulate the frugality of Diogenes. But as things are, forgive me Diogenes, that I imitate Herakles, and emulate Perseus, and follow in the footsteps of Dionysos, the divine author and progenitor of my family, and desire that victorious Hellenes should dance again in India and revive the memory of the Bacchic revels among the savage mountain tribes beyond the Kaukasos…
R.P. Miller|If the path isn't in front of you, you can't choose to walk it." - Viriathus, Revelation
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley|An intelligent person does not take part in the sources of misery which are due to contact with the material senses. O son of Kunti, such pleasures have a beginning and an end, and so the wise man does not delight in them.
D.H. Sidebottom, Chained|Having no applicable skills, in any possible area whatsoever, effectively makes me the master of redundancy. But that info is obsolete, like my insults dictionary, which I stole.
Christina Milian|My real last name is Flores, and Milian is actually my mom's maiden name. So it's not made up, which is cool; it runs in the family. And it actually worked out better for my career to have the last name Milian, because Flores kept me in a little box, and no one really associated me with the last name Flores.
Auliq-Ice|We all have a different sightl and lifestyle, but we end up all the same in peace.
George Foreman|Depression can kill you. It can also be a spiritually enriching experience. It's really an important part of my theology now and my spirituality that life is not perfect, and I grew up wanting it to be and thinking that if it wasn't, I could make it that way, and I had to acknowledge that I had all kinds of flaws and sadnesses and problems.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|Question not, but live and labourTill yon goal be won,Helping every feeble neighbour,Seeking help from none;Life is mostly froth and bubble,Two things stand like stone,Kindness in another's trouble,Courage in your own.
Amit Ray, World Peace: The Voice of a Mountain Bird|Life is not always perfect. Like a road, it has many bends, ups and down, but that’s its beauty.
Steven Erikson|When hatred judges, the verdict is just guilty.
William F. Buckley Jr., Up From Liberalism|In the heat of the moment, rational thinking tends to elude us.
Peter F. Hamilton, Manhattan In Reverse|I've often heard it said, a preacherMight learn, with a comedian for a teacher.
Sara  Humphreys, Luck of the Irish|Mirror, mirror on the wall, who's the hottest bitch of all?
Mark Oliver Everett, Things The Grandchildren Should Know|Life is so full of unpredictable beauty and strange surprises. Sometimes that beauty is too much for me to handle. Do you know that feeling? When something is just too beautiful? When someone says something or writes something or plays something that moves you to the point of tears, maybe even changes you.
Max Ehrmann, Desiderata - A Poem for a Way of Life|Avoid loud and aggressive persons,they are vexations to the spirit.
William Steig, Gorky Rises|The world was all magic, and he had a special bottle of it in his right hand.
Munindra Misra, Goals of Life|Dharma – the foundation of all human goals be,Refers to obligations, conduct, moral duties;- 25 -
Debasish Mridha|If you don’t want to be foolish, don’t try to fool anyone.
Christie Brinkley|Every morning, I make myself a cappuccino with a drawing in the foam. I post them to Instagram with the hashtag #christiecappuccino.
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|It doesn't matter if they hate you, or embarrass you, or simply don't appreciate your genius for inventing the internet-""You invented the internet?", Martha said., George said."It was my idea!" Hermes said. "I mean the internet, not the rats. But that's not the point.
Joel Salatin, Folks, This Ain't Normal: A Farmer's Advice for Happier Hens, Healthier People, and a Better World|I like bread, and I like butter - but I like bread with butter best.
Baruch Spinoza|I have made a ceaseless effort not to ridicule, not to bewail, not to scorn human actions, but to understand them.
Jeffrey Fry|Astonish the world with your acts of kindness, being deliberately kind to yourself and others.
Bertrand Russell, Marriage and Morals|Love is something far more than desire for sexual intercourse; it is the principal means of escape from the loneliness which afflicts most men and women throughout the greater part of their lives. There is a deep-seated fear, in most people, of the cold world and the possible cruelty of the herd; there is a longing for affection, which is often concealed by roughness, boorishness or a bullying manner in men, and by nagging and scolding in women. Passionate mutual love while it lasts puts an end to this feeling; it breaks down the hard walls of the ego, producing a new being composed of two in one.
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|You can't insure against the future, except by really believing in the best bit of you, and in the power beyond it.
Brene Brown|Every word, facial expression, gesture, or action on the part of a parent gives the child some message about self-worth. It is sad that so many parents don't realize what messages they are sending.
Ace Antonio Hall|Didn't care if I wasn't paid for working after school for seven months teaching a 9th grader to read, but when he finally could, priceless! The best times in my life were when I went way beyond my paygrade to service students in need.
Marty Rubin|After months - after years - of chaos and life-threatening situations and people stabbing me for no good reason, we'd somehow managed to find a moment to breathe. That didn't just deserve to be enjoyed. It deserved to be celebrated, held up as proof that the world was a good place and didn't actually need to be destroyed in order for me to have a nap.
Caryll Houselander, This War Is the Passion|Christ asks for a home in your soul, where he can be at rest with you, where he can talk easily to you, where you and he, alone together, can laugh and be silent and be delighted with one another.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|A lie, as you probably know, has a taste all its own. Blocky and bitter and never quite right, like when you pop a piece of fancy chocolate into your mouth expecting toffee filling and you get lemon zest instead.
Renee Rentmeester, Visions II: The Poetry of Life|As a lover or a dipsomaniac, I've no doubt of your being a most fascinating specimen. But as a combiner of forms, you must honestly admit it, you're a bore.
Paul de Kruif|Getting more exercise isn’t only good for your waistline. It's a natural anti-depressant, that leaves you in a great mood.
Tamara Ireland Stone, Every Last Word|But i can't let you go," he said. "How could I let you go? I searched my heart"—he shrugged— "and I love you.
Henri Matisse|The one phrase you can use is that success has a thousand fathers, and failure is an orphan.
Joan Lindsay, The Secret of Hanging Rock|Any artist is insulted by the suggestion that art is merely a matter of recording reality, and knows that it is impossible to explain how imagination can transform not only events and people, but the artist as well, into quite different "realities".
Dr. Dre|My own dreams fortunately came true in this great state. I became Mr. Universe; I became a successful businessman. And even though some people say I still speak with a slight accent, I have reached the top of the acting profession.
G.K. Chesterton|I don't know" is not confusion. Confusion is "I don't know, but I should know" or "I don't know, but I need to know." When you fully accept that you don't know, you actually enter a state of peace and clarity that is closer to who you truly are than thought could ever be. Defining yourself through thought is limiting yourself.
Tamara Hughes, Beauty's Curse|She was dangerous. I’d heard the rumors, that she had a history as a wild woman, that she’d been married to a gambler, maybe even been one herself, that her past was scandalous at best. But who was I to judge? My past was littered with scandal.
Helen Pearson|I see you in the grass,Running through the snow,But where you have gone,I cannot go.
Temple Grandin|There does not exist a category of science to which one can give the name applied science. There are science and the applications of science, bound together as the fruit of the tree which bears it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Act as if it was, and it will be.
Dan Ahearn, Shoot the Moon|And what if you're trying to knock out another man," she said, sarcastic. There was no expression in his cool blue eyes. "Then I kiss him," he said in the calmest of voices. "Now you try it.
Brian  Doyle, The Plover|But if we do not dream, then I think perhaps we are misusing our heads. They are not on our shoulders only to be farms for hair.
Suilyaniz Cintron, Windswept|There is always a danger that those who are less obviously and traditionally important, prominent, or powerful will be left out of the history of human experience.
Jehovah, New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures|...'Keep on asking, and it will be given you; keep on seeking, and you will find; keep on knocking, and it will be opened to you; for everyone asking receives, and everyone seeking finds, and to everyone knocking, it will be opened.'– Matthew 7:7, 8
Steven Magee|To understand how growth, aging and death works, you must understand the radiation environment.
Emily Watts|Whatever it is in your life that is separating you from Jesus Christ, he knows about it. He longs for you to come to him now, so he can lend you his strength to overcome your weaknesses. His love is there for you, as solid and sturdy as a brick. He doesn't turn away in disgust when you make a mistake, no matter how many times you've made that mistake before. If you'll let him, he'll pick you up and dust you off and say 'Try again. I know you'll do better next time.' And because he never gives up on you, you will try again, and eventually, with his help, you'll conquer whatever it is that brought you down.
Pablo Neruda, Selected Poems|Body of a woman, white hills, white thighs,you look like a world, lying in surrender.My rough peasant's body digs in youand makes the son leap from the depth of the earth.I was lone like a tunnel. The birds fled from me,and nigh swamped me with its crushing invasion.To survive myself I forged you like a weapon,like an arrow in my bow, a stone in my sling.But the hour of vengeance falls, and I love you.Body of skin, of moss, of eager and firm milk.Oh the goblets of the breast! Oh the eyes of absence!Oh the roses of the pubis! Oh your voice, slow and sad!Body of my woman, I will persist in your grace.My thirst, my boundless desire, my shifting road!Dark river-beds where the eternal thirst flowsand weariness follows, and the infinite ache.
Christina Milian|It's always been a gift with me, hearing music the way I do. I don't know where it comes from, it's just there and I don't question it.
Pearl  Zhu, Unpuzzling Innovation: Mastering Innovation Management in a Structural Way|Create and nurture an environment in your organization where curiosity is encouraged, and creative thinking is rewarded.
Marc Jacobs|Design is a series of creative choices - it's a collaborative effort, an evolutionary process. You choose your fabrics depending upon what you want to say, then you work with mills to get those fabrics. Through the process, you realize what you want it to be.
Claudia Hammond, Time Warped: Unlocking the Mysteries of Time Perception|Medieval illustrations of the mind from the fourteenth century depict memories like snakes feeding into the imagination and, long before this, both Aristotle and Galen described memories not as archives of our lives, but as tools for the imagination.
Walt Mossberg|I tend to be a person who starts with the presumption that I should trust you until you abuse the privilege, and then our relationship is forever changed. That's a very big line, and chances are it's not going to work if it's crossed. I warn people that this is how I'm going to deal with it.
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|Our lives are like a house. Some people are allowed on the lawn, some onto the porch, some get into the vestibule or the kitchen. The better friends are invited deeper into our home, into our living room.''And some are let into the bedroom,' said Gamache.
George Washington|One if by land, two if by sea.
Jonathan Ive|From cheesecake on a stick to meat skewers to deep-fried bananas on a stick - there are no plates anymore. In Los Angeles, everything has become a corn dog. Actually, corn dogs still work. But most other food should be stickless.
Charles Lindbergh|The minute we stop learning, we begin death, the process of dying. We learn from each other with every action we perform. We are teaching goodness or evil every time we step out of the house and into the street.
Russel H.S. Stolfi, Hitler: Beyond Evil and Tyranny|The great biographers take excessive liberties in denigrating his person, and, in doing so, they make it difficult to comprehend
Gavin Hetherington, Remnants of the Damned|I can’t tell you the things I know,” I repeated.	“Why not?”	“They aren’t my secrets to tell.
Norman Borlaug|The goal must be to expand ourselves beyond one field of focus and use our improved access to information to solve the very real and extreme economic, environmental, and resource challenges we face as an interconnected, global society.
Kevin Smith|Controversial' as we all know, is often a euphemism for 'interesting and intelligent.
Suzanne Collins|Live your life, take chances, be crazy. Dont wait 'cause right now is the oldest you've ever been & the youngest you'll be ever again
Alice  Miller|Genuine feelings cannot be produced, nor can they be eradicated. We can only repress them, delude ourselves, and deceive our bodies. The body sticks to the facts.
Ashley Tisdale|I give dating advice on a regular basis. It's not that I'm any expert, but it's always nice to share that with your friends.
Colin Angle|We loved cars until the '70s or so. Then they became appliances. They turned into motorized cup holders. Most of it has to do with urban sprawl. What began as pleasure ends up in necessity, as so many things do.
Robert A. Caro, Master of the Senate|Obviously, a lot of people involved with Volkswagen's emissions were aware of the diesel car software cheat. One has to wonder how many of them tried to stop it and perhaps were demoted or lost their jobs over trying to prevent the secret Volkswagen car emissions fraud?
Dr. Seuss, Happy Birthday to You!|You must be clever, Tracey to do these forgeries.""She's not clever. I did them," yelled Frieda."You'll get five years.""She did them."From Halfpennies and Blue Vinyl
Jane Smiley|I’ve come to a frightening conclusion that I am the decisive element in the classroom. It’s my personal approach that creates the climate. It’s my daily mood that makes the weather. As a teacher, I possess a tremendous power to make a child’s life miserable or joyous. I can be a tool of torture or an instrument of inspiration. I can humiliate or heal. In all situations, it is my response that decides whether a crisis will be escalated or de-escalated and a child humanized or dehumanized.
Olivia Wilde|I was brought up with a scientific outlook on life. It's the way my father deciphers the world - whether it's football, politics or hairstyles. So I don't get anxious about the future, because I was raised to believe and accept that nothing stays the same, and the best way to survive is to adapt.
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|The fear of not living is a deep, abiding dread of watching your own potential decompose into irredeemable disappointment when 'should be' gets crushed by what is.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Looking at him she felt she knew what the people of antiquity had been like. Thirty centuries or more were effaced, and there he was, the alert and predatory sub-human, further from what she believed man should be like than the naked savage, because the savage was tractable, while this creature, wearing the armor of his own rigid barbaric culture, consciously defied progress. And that was what Stenham saw, too; to him the boy was a perfect symbol of human backwardness, and excited his praise precisely because he was “pure”: there was no room in his personality for anything that mankind had not already fully developed long ago. To him he was a consolation, a living proof that today’s triumph was not yet total; he personified Stenham’s infantile hope that time might still be halted and man sent back to his origins.
Charles L. Bailey Jr., In the Shadow of the Cross|A plain, brown paper-wrapped package came in the mail recently. Upon opening it, I saw that it was a patchwork quilt about four feet by five feet. Many little scraps of cloth, carefully joined by loving hands. Two squares have suggestions of a black cassock and Roman white collar. The maker of the quilt states, “In its variety, I feel it denotes confusion and the world “mixed” up. There are dark spots for the dark times and bright squares, so, hopefully, some good and brightness will come in the future. The other pieces of cloth were of happy times, mothers and children, peaceful settings, happy things.” A note inside stated that she felt we were “scraps,”—the “scraps” that the abusive priests treated us like. They would use us as a scrap is used and then simply toss us aside. I was moved to tears. Holding it in my hands, I could almost feel others' pain and suffering, as I touched each panel. It is a magnificent work, worthy of a prize. I was deeply humbled by the receipt of the quilt. This woman got it; she really got it. This woman got it; she really got it. She has a deeper understanding of what we have gone through. It is rare.
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|...being Lulu, it made me realize that all my life I've been living in a small, square room, with no windows and no doors. And I was fine. I was happy, even. I thought. Then someone came along and showed me there was a door in the room. One that I'd never even seen before. Then he opened it for me. Held my hand as I walked through it. And for one perfect day, I was on the other side. I was somewhere else. Someone else. And then he was gone, and I was thrown back into my little room. And now, no matter what I do, I can't seem to find that door.
Christine Feehan, Oceans of Fire|Be still:There is no longer any need of comment.It was a lucky windThat blew away his halo with his cares,A lucky sea that drowned his reputation.
Helen Fisher|And when a woman's will is as strong as the man's who wants to govern her, half her strength must be concealment.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Jesus Christ is the source—the only source—of meaning in life. He provides the only satisfactory explanation for why we’re here and where we’re going. Because of this good news, the final heartbeat for the Christian is not the mysterious conclusion to a meaningless existence. It is, rather, the grand beginning to a life that will never end. That same Lord is waiting to embrace and forgive anyone who comes to Him in humility and repentance. He is calling your name, just as He called the name of Pete Maravich. His promise of eternal life offers the only hope for humanity. If you have never met this Jesus, I suggest that you seek spiritual counsel from a Christian leader who can offer guidance. You can also write to me, if that would help. Thanks for reading along with me. I hope to meet you someday. If our paths don’t cross this side of heaven, I’ll be looking for you in that eternal city. By all means, Be there!
Diane von Furstenberg|Design my own line? No, I just like the culture.
Enza Vita|All paths are valid, but in the end you will find that the realization of the ultimate truth is a pathless path.
Steve Hagen, Buddhism Plain and Simple|Here's an example: someone says, "Master, please hand me the knife," and he hands them the knife, blade first. "Please give me the other end," he says. And the master replies, "What would you do with the other end?" This is answering an everyday matter in terms of the metaphysical.When the question is, "Master, what is the fundamental principle of Buddhism?" Then he replies, "There is enough breeze in this fan to keep me cool." That is answering the metaphysical in terms of the everyday, and that is, more or less, the principle zen works on. The mundane and the sacred are one and the same.
Jean Ferris, Thrice Upon a Marigold|When I was younger I used to think that band-aids did all the work. I mean after all, it binds your wound together and makes everything better back to the way it was. But then I became an adult and started to fall in love,fvi and I realize that band-aids are so overrated lol.
مُضر آل أحميّد, Dismantling ISIS|There was one thing the experience had taught him. He said he'd learned that when millions of people, a whole political system, countless numbers of citizens who believed in God, said they were going to kill you - just listen to them.
Bertrand Russell|Science is properly more scrupulous than dogma. Dogma gives a charter to mistake, but the very breath of science is a contest with mistake, and must keep the conscience alive.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|Enlightenment is its own reward, its own punishment. You begin to see so much more. And so much more sees you.
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|He, the One, the bringer of all to enlightenment, had an earthy name. His name was Jimmy.
Robin Bielman, Keeping Mr. Right Now|Do you ever go out there when it's like this?" she said softly. "When it's almost dark and there's no one else in the water?""I do. It's nice being alone out there.""It doesn't make you feel lonely?""The ocean is a great companion.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|All knowledge is born in the mind, and circumstances make them manifest.
Lovely Goyal, I Love the Way You Love Me|we use to regret over our past... but sometimes i wonder why ???because everything we did in past was best from our side, well in case of both doing and thinking...
Debasish Mridha|When you will use the power of love to win the hearts and mind, you will be happy.
|Why surround yourself with people who constantly pull you back, when you could be with those who would push you forward to the land of abundance?
Nikki Rowe|It's easier said than done but when you feel yourself out of balance within, stop in that present moment and catch your breathe. Remind yourself of 5 things, that help you feel most alive and re-centre your own energy frequency so you can continue living out of your intentions not the world's distractions.
G.A. Aiken, Dragon Actually|You wanted hatchlings.”“I know. I just didn’t want those hatchlings. Personally, I blame your father.”Bercelak’s eyes grew wide. “Excuse me?”On a burst of laughter, she exclaimed, “Well that came out horribly wrong!
Steve Jobs|Laughter is binary: It either happens or it doesn't. As each joke arrives in the course of a film, the cavernous space of the theater is either filled with joy and laughter or with the quiet of cringing embarrassment. Every time you step to the plate to make a joke, you're going to experience one or the other.
George Orwell, As I Please: 1943-1945|A not-too-distant explosion shakes the house, the windows rattle in their sockets, and in the next room the class of 1964 wakes up and lets out a yell or two. Each time this happens I find myself thinking, "Is it possible that human beings can continue with this lunacy very much longer?" You know the answer, of course.
Shannon L. Alder|Basic personality traits develop early in life and over time become inviolable, hardwired. Most people learn little from experience, rarely thinking of adjusting their behavior, see problems as emanating from those around them, and keep on doing what they do in spite of everything, for better or worse.
Mother Teresa|I love the smell of rain, and I love the sound of the ocean waves.
George Carlin, Last Words|What does it do?" said Loeser. "You feel as if you're being sucked down this fathomless, gloomy tunnel. Or to put it another way, it's as if all the different weights and cares of the world have been lifted from your shoulders to he replaced by a single, much larger sort of consolidated weight. Your limbs stop working and you can't really talk. If you take enough then it can last for hours and hours, but it seems like even longer because time slows down." Hildkraut smiled wistfully. "It's fantastic." At their feet, somebody groaned softly as if in enthusiastic assent. "And it makes Wagner sound really good.
Anne Brontë|A few cold words on yonder stone, A corpse as cold as they can be -­ Vain words, and mouldering dust, alone -­ Can this be all that's left of thee? O, no! thy spirit lingers still Where'er thy sunny smile was seen: There's less of darkness, less of chill On earth, than if thou hadst not been.Thou breathest in my bosom yet, And dwellest in my beating heart; And, while I cannot quite forget, Thou, darling, canst not quite depart.
Brenda "Saw Jesus+" Calloway-Miller, If You Want Your Life, You Have to Fight!: The Brenda Saw Jesus Story|A struggle is a preparation for what is yet to come.-Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes
Beth Willis Miller, Under His Wings...healing truth for adoptees of all ages|Those who are wounded wound others. Moses was wounded profoundly when he lost his birth family, his heritage, and his history. In the years to come, he would come to know Jehovah-rophe, the Healer of life’s sicknesses and sorrows. Exodus 15: 26b says, “…for I am the Lord, who heals you.” (from Under His Wings: Healing Truth for Adoptees of All Ages)
Jack Johnson, Curious George: Jack Johnson and Friends - Guitar Recorded Version|Questions, I've got some questionsI want to know youBut what if I could ask you only one thingOnly this one time, what would you tell me?Well maybe you could give me a suggestionSo I could know you, what would you tell me?Maybe you could tell me what to ask youBecause then I'd know you, what would you tell mePlease tell me that there's timeTo make this work for all intents and purposesAnd what are your intentions, will you try?Impressions, you've made impressionsThey're going nowhereThey're just going to wait here if you let themPlease don't let themI want to know youAnd if they're going to haunt mePlease collect themPlease just collect themAnd now I'm beggingI'm begging you to ask me just one questionOne simple questionBecause then you'd know meI'll tell you that there's timeTo make this work for all intents and purposesAt least for my ownWhat is a heart worth if it's just left all alone?Leave it long enough and watch it turn into stoneWhy must we always be untrue?
Alexander McCall Smith, The Full Cupboard of Life|She had never been able to tolerate dishonesty, which she thought threatened the very heart of relationships between people. If you could not count on other people to mean what they said, or to do what they said they would do, then life could become utterly unpredictable. The fact that we could trust one another made it possible to undertake the simple tasks of life.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|Summer will end soon enough, and childhood as well.
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|As we change, we sometimes outgrow our friendships. And, since we cannot change this fact, it is best to simply accept it for what it is in order to appreciate the power that the friend had in your life when he or she was a part of it.
Robin Hobb|She read novels. One book after another, sometimes at the rate of one a day, for a solid year. An acceptable form of escape that didn’t leave a hangover.
William Tecumseh Sherman|If you support the war on drugs in its present form, then you're only paying lip-service to the defense of freedom, and you don't really grasp the concept of the sovereign individual human being.
Ellen J. Barrier|Moving forward with success is a greater accomplishment, when we bring others along with us.
Donal O'Shea, The Poincaré Conjecture: In Search of the Shape of the Universe|I have always been taught to be proud of being Latina, proud of being Mexican, and I was. I was probably more proud of being a "label" than of being a human being, that's the way most of us were taught.
Mariah Burton Nelson, We Are All Athletes|There is a vitality, a life force, a quickening that is translated through you into action, and there is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique, and if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium; and be lost. The world will not have it. It is not your business to determine how good it is, not how it compares with other expression. It is your business to keep it yours clearly and directly, to keep the channel open. You do not even have to believe in yourself or your work. You have to keep open and aware directly to the urges that motivate you. Keep the channel open. No artist is pleased. There is no satisfaction whatever at any time. There is on a queer, divine dissatisfaction, a blessed unrest that keeps us marching and makes us more alive than the others.
Sunday Adelaja|When there is alignment and understanding, it is much easier to navigate forward together, moving in and out of agreement.
M.B. Dallocchio, The Desert Warrior|When you’re persistently deleted from history, media, and any other channel to access information – or that information is distorted – it’s far worse than physically killing someone. It, instead, induces a form of psychological death. How can you truly be alive, how can you genuinely breathe, when everyone around you believes that you either don’t exist or are dead?
Rick Yancey|Libraries, museums, universities, everything we designed and built over six thousand years. Cities are more than the sum of their infrastructure. They transcend brick and mortar, concrete and steel. They're the vessels into which human knowledge is poured.
John Steinbeck, The Winter of Our Discontent|What began with exuberance and passion always ended with terse accusations and hateful words, with rage and weeping fits.
Pamela Burford, Undertaking Irene|My name is Jane Delaney and I do things my paying customers can’t do, don’t want to do, don’t want to be seen doing, can’t bring themselves to do, and/or don’t want it to be known they’d paid someone to do. To dead people.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|We imagine always when we speak that it is our own ears, our own mind, that are listening.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Keep learning! Learning means growing. He who always learns knows how to grow in maturity. When we stop learning, we stop growing our true purpose, and we stop growing in maturity. When we stop learning, we stop giving life to our true purpose! When we stop learning, we start decaying our true reason on earth! It takes true humility to learn. Learn from that child. Learn from the beautiful creations of God. Learn from failure. Learn from success. Learn from slothfulness. Learn from comfort. Learn from discomfort. Learn from the word of God! Learn for growth. Not all learning are good for growing. Not all learning promotes true purposefulness! Learn for change. Don’t ever stop learning, for the journey of life is full of lessons! Don’t ever neglect the lessons of life, or you shall always be learning the same lessons each moment of time. There is always something good to learn for change and growth from all circumstances we meet in life each day! Keep learning!
Josephine Akhagbeme|All of us sit here at this conference and feel secure in our belief that we live in an era beyond this kind of…authoritarian regime change; but what sort of political climate do you think could potentially break apart our current stasis and deliver us back in time, so to speak?Thank you, I am gratified there has been so much interest in our little project. Gilead Studies languished for many years, I suppose those who had lived through those times did not want them resurrected for various reasons including what might have been done to them and what they themselves might have done. But at this distance, we can allow ourselves some perspective. It’s fortunate that is the last question as my voice is giving out. As to your question, in times of peace and plenty, it is hard to remember the conditions that have led to authoritarian regime changes in the past. And it is even harder to suppose that we ourselves would ever make such choices or allow them to be made. But when there is a perfect storm and collapse of the established order is in the works precipitated by environmental stresses that lead to food shortages, economic factors such as unrest due to unemployment, a social structure that is top heavy with too much wealth being concentrated among too few, then scapegoats are sought and blamed, fear is rampant, and there is pressure to trade what we think of as liberty for what we think of as safety. And, when the birth rate of any society is low enough to create an aging shrinking population, then commercial and military authorities will become alarmed. Their customer base and their recruitment base will be in jeopardy and there will be extreme pressure on women of childbearing age to make up the population deficit, thus our handmaid and her tale.
Mark Victor Hansen|Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
William Wordsworth, Lines Composed a Few Miles Above Tintern Abbey|Therefore am I still / A lover of the meadows and the woods, / And mountains; and of all that we behold / From this green earth; of all the mighty world / Of eye and ear, both what they half create / And what perceive; well pleased to recognize / In nature and the language of the sense, / The anchor of my purest thoughts, the nurse/ The guide, the guardian of my heart, and soul / Of all my moral being.
Tom Peters|You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
Ross  Turner, Midnight|It is a very difficult thing, to love another.To some it comes easily, naturally even. Whilst for others, the road to such things is long and arduous and fraught with danger.
Lawrence Hill, The Book of Negroes|I would have to confess that in the land of the toubabu, I had managed to save only myself.
Ellen J. Barrier|It's not a person's depth you must discover, but their ascent. Find their path from depth to ascent.
Gaston Bachelard, The Poetics of Space|Rilke wrote: 'These trees are magnificent, but even more magnificent is the sublime and moving space between them, as though with their growth it too increased.
Adriana Lima|I just think old old movies, they make you concentrate and pay attention so much more. They feel so warm. A lot of modern digital videotape, it's just too bright. Don't know why, it's not warm.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|If you imagine the 4,500-bilion-odd years of Earth's history compressed into a normal earthly day, then life begins very early, about 4 A.M., with the rise of the first simple, single-celled organisms, but then advances no further for the next sixteen hours. Not until almost 8:30 in the evening, with the day five-sixths over, has Earth anything to show the universe but a restless skin of microbes. Then, finally, the first sea plants appear, followed twenty minutes later by the first jellyfish and the enigmatic Ediacaran fauna first seen by Reginald Sprigg in Australia. At 9:04 P.M. trilobites swim onto the scene, followed more or less immediately by the shapely creatures of the Burgess Shale. Just before 10 P.M. plants begin to pop up on the land. Soon after, with less than two hours left in the day, the first land creatures follow. Thanks to ten minutes or so of balmy weather, by 10:24 the Earth is covered in the great carboniferous forests whose residues give us all our coal, and the first winged insects are evident. Dinosaurs plod onto the scene just before 11 P.M. and hold sway for about three-quarters of an hour. At twenty-one minutes to midnight they vanish and the age of mammals begins. Humans emerge one minute and seventeen seconds before midnight. The whole of our recorded history, on this scale, would be no more than a few seconds, a single human lifetime barely an instant. Throughout this greatly speeded-up day continents slide about and bang together at a clip that seems positively reckless. Mountains rise and melt away, ocean basins come and go, ice sheets advance and withdraw. And throughout the whole, about three times every minute, somewhere on the planet there is a flash-bulb pop of light marking the impact of a Manson-sized meteor or one even larger. It's a wonder that anything at all can survive in such a pummeled and unsettled environment. In fact, not many things do for long.
Celia McMahon, Skye|When my toes are sunk into warm sand and the ocean is lapping my feet, when I breathe in the scent of salt and hear the cry of a seagull, I know that I am returned to a place of restoration. I am home.I can heal here.
Stanley Kujokera|The gift of faith causes a person to be bold and courageous, speaking things that be not as though they were, it is shameless and persistent it alway get results....
Herman Bavinck|For it is not we who call God by these names. We do not invent them. On the contrary, if it depended on us, we would be silent about him, try to forget him, and disown all his names. We take no delight in the knowledge of his ways. We tend continually to oppose his names: his independence, sovereignty, righteousness, and love, and resist him in all his perfections. But it is God himself who reveals all his perfections and puts his names on our lips. It is he who gives himself these names and who, despite our opposition, maintains them. It is of little use to us to deny his righteousness: every day he demonstrates this quality in history. And so it is with all his attributes. He brings them out despite us. The final goal of all his ways is that his name will shine out in all his works and be written on everyone’s forehead (Rev. 22:4). For that reason we have no choice but to name him with the many names his revelation furnishes us.
J. Valor, Salome|Ambient awareness is the experience of knowing what’s going on in the lives of other people — what they’re thinking about, what they’re doing, what they’re looking at — by paying attention to the small stray status messages that people are putting online. We’re now able to stitch together these fantastic details and mental maps of what is going on in other people’s lives.
Michael  Palmer, Thread|The Classical Study (3)The Master has forgotten his hat.Without his hat he cannot fly.Without his hat his dreams escapeup.Without his hat he cannot tiphis hat to that woman passing bywhom he remembersfrom somewhere, as in a dream,a room in a dream or maybe a beach,a beach by the sea,blindingly white,hatless, he and she.
Stanley Kujokera, Scripted Quotes: "transformational writings that will revolutionize your thinking and set you on course for success"|Manipulation is not of God, it is the highest form of sorcery for it enslave the soul to the will of man.....
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Effective coaching builds awareness and removes the excuses. Coaching will help you replace those excuses and limiting beliefs with empowering dreams, and boost your self-confidence. Coaching can help you identify your values, discover your “why,” set goals, increase your self-esteem, and find a balance in life and business.
Dave Matthews Band|A guy and a girl can be just friends, but at one point or another, they will fall for each other...Maybe temporarily, maybe at the wrong time, maybe too late, or maybe forever
Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture|I rose and moved towards him. You would have done the same yourself. It is an ancient matter. Something propels you towards sudden grief, or perhaps also sometimes repels. You move away. I moved towards it, I couldn't help it.
Jaeda DeWalt|Live a life abundant in love and rich in spirit, these are the seeds of a fulfilling existence. Be the safe harbor you seek in the world. Follow your dreams, not your fear. Go into the New Year with an open mind and hopeful heart. Don't let the chains of unforgiveness weigh you down. Life is too short to live in a prison of past hurts. The futures is yours for the taking and creating. Life is bittersweet, when we can let darkness and light co-exist as illumination, we can live in true happiness. When we live life at its best, it is a symphony of feelings, of high and low notes, of tragedy and comedy, love and loss, magic and the sublime. It can be quite a spectacular journey when we fully embrace and accept it.
John Hume|No man is a hero to his valet. This is not because the hero is not a hero, but because the valet is a valet.
George Ivanovic|When I sit down and write, I do it to relieve myself of the madness that burdens me so that new words can wrap me in newer, better, madness.
Michael  Grant, Fear|Even with all their threats of eternal damnation and soul roasting, Christian missionaries have run across some who were not so quick to swallow their drivel. Pleasure and pain, like beauty, are in the eye of the beholder. So, when missionaries ventured to Alaska and warned the Eskimos of the horrors of Hell and the blazing lake of fire awaiting transgressors, they eagerly asked: "How do we get there?"!
Philip DeFranco|The fact that you are even here, alive, on this planet is a mathematical miracle, and you should not spend the time that you have being busy being miserable.
Madeline  Martin, Highland Spy|Her fingers clutched him now, and her body writhed with a frustration he knew all too well.	He wanted her.	Now.	Here.
Chelsea Ballinger, Rise Of The True Immortal|Why would you want to live forever alone? The tribes are needed because it is a family. And a mate is also needed. You need someone to… stay in the darkness with you, because in that darkness, if you have love, that person could be your own personal light. That person could be your heaven.
Alan W. Watts, The Book on the Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are|Suppressing the fear of death makes it all the stronger. The point is only to know, beyond any shadow of doubt, that "I" and all other "things" now present will vanish, until this knowledge compels you to release them - to know it now as surely as if you had just fallen off the rim of the Grand Canyon. Indeed you were kicked off the edge of a precipice when you were born, and it's no help to cling to the rocks falling with you. If you are afraid of death, be afraid. The point is to get with it, to let it take over - fear, ghosts, pains, transience, dissolution, and all. And then comes the hitherto unbelievable surprise; you don't die because you were never born. You had just forgotten who you are.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|Using your mind is a faster method to getting what you want. I mean, all you have to do is sit there. What could be easier?
Nobuyuki Fukumoto, Saikyō Densetsu Kurosawa 10|Victory is in our hands! It's time for our legends to begin! Don't tremble, and don't you dare cry! Come on, show some energy!
Chloe Thurlow, Snow Falls Softly|A soft touch, a light scrub, a hard squeeze, a tight hug, a long stare, a beautiful conversation are just a few among many trivial influential love actions that develop peoples emotions.
Alan Jacobs, The Narnian: The Life and Imagination of C.S. Lewis|Remember that the truth within yourself will always be greater than the truth found in these pages. These stories are here to guide us—to help us find that truth, not to tell us what it is.
Susane Colasanti, Take Me There|Many times you will fail. That is the nature of the world, and the truth of life. But when you find your horse again, will go back or will you go forward?
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Once I realize that the tune I’m whistling in my head is the theme that’s driving my heart, I suddenly realize that the most important question I can ask is, “What are the lyrics?
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|Daddy, What's the horizontal tango?
Julia Child|I love being on the beach - it's my favourite place. I can chill out, read, listen to music, play with my daughter.
Oli Anderson, Dialogue / Ego - Real Communication|Dialogue reminds us that we can question to build, not only to doubt or deconstruct.
Jennifer Baumgardner|Sexuality is no longer about what you think:the genitals, it is now typically about your mentality. If a man feels he is a woman, so he is and vice versa.
Eric Ludy, Wrestling Prayer: A Passionate Communion with God|The power of God has not in the least bit been diminished over the past 2000 years. Our Lord still sits on His great throne and His train still fills the temple. He still walks on the wings of the wind, He still rides on the backs of the mighty cherubim, and He still is the Triumphant Champion from Calvary. All hell still bends to His will, and sin and death have lost their hold on all who rest in the shadow of His presence. And the God who calmed storms, raised up dead men to life, and multiplied fishes and loaves to feed thousands is the same God we have today.
Christina Hendricks|Jesus' birthday is commercialized, so of course, Black History Month is commercialized.
Salma Hayek|It's awkward to tell others that your spouse has died. Everyone becomes so sad and sorry, and you just hate like heck to have to break the news to someone who hasn't heard the news.
Michael Heizer|Graphic Design, which fulfills aesthetic needs, complies with the laws of form and exigencies of two-dimensional space; which speaks in semiotics, sans-serifs, and geometrics; which abstracts, transforms, translates, rotates, dilates, repeats, mirrors, groups, and regroups, is not good design if it is irrelevant.
Doug E. Fresh|There's an old saying, this too shall pass, and change is good.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|Face it, Nat, this is one tiger who will never be jumping through your flaming hoop--
Jose Zayas|If you are sure that you're going to heaven when you die, you ought to make the most of today. Why live below God's standards when He has so many wonderful things planned for you?
Marsha Norman, 'night, Mother|...So to be fast to don't be long and to try to be short... If you want to play the best game, create it - make the rules, make what they will do... That's how I do it. I make people to play my games and then often loooose!
Isa Zapata|Find magic in the little things, and the big things you always expected will start to show up.
Miroslav Volf, A Public Faith: How Followers of Christ Should Serve the Common Good|The line between moral behavior and narcissistic self-righteousness is thin and difficult to discern. The man who stands before a crowd and proclaims his intention to save the seas is convinced that he is superior to a man who merely picks up his own and other people’s litter on the beach, when in fact the latter is in some small way sure to make the world a better place, while the former is likely to be a monster of vanity whose crusade will lead to unintended destruction.
Immanuel Kant|On the other hand, the moral law, although it gives no such prospect, does provide a fact absolutely inexplicable from any data of the world of sense or from the whole compass of the theoretical use of reason, and this fact points to a pure intelligible world―indeed, it defines it positively and enable us to know something of it, namely a law.This law gives to the sensible world, as sensuous nature (as this concerns rational beings), the form of an intelligible world, i.e., the form of supersensuous nature, without interfering with the mechanism of the former. Nature, in the widest sense of the word, is the existence of things under laws. The sensuous nature of rational beings in general is their existence under empirically conditioned laws, and therefore it is, from the point of view of reason, heteronomy. The supersensuous nature of the same beings, on the other hand, is their existence according to laws which are independent of all empirical conditions and which therefore belong to the autonomy of pure reason. And since the laws, according to which the existence of things depends on cognition, are practical, supersensuous nature, so far as we can form a concept of it, is nothing else than nature under the autonomy of the pure practical reason. The law of this autonomy is the moral law, and it, therefore, is the fundamental law of supersensuous nature and of a pure world of the understanding, whose counterpart must exist in the world of sense without interfering with the laws of the latter. The former could be called the archetypal world (*natura archetypa*) which we know only by reason; the latter, on the other hand, could be called the ectypal world (*natura ectypa*), because it contains the possible effect of the idea of the former as the determining ground of the will."―from_Critique of Practical Reason_. Translated, with an Introduction by Lewis White Beck, p. 44.
George Eliot, Daniel Deronda|For what is love itself, for the one we love best? - an enfolding of immeasurable cares which yet are better than any joys outside our love.
Thomas Marshburn|The blackness of space was a big shock to me. It is a deep, three-dimensional, oily blackness. You can feel the distance.
Nigar Siddiqui|I don't dwell in the past, I just can't forget what's passed.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|All forms of writing are an act of conception; writing must lead to creation. Each time that we write, we begin again. Writing is an act of self-affirmation. Each time that we place our thoughts onto paper, we receive a new opportunity to claim our reality. Writing is also an act of explication and deconstruction. Writing empowers us to shape and modify our fiery constitutions. Writing allows us to explore the essential ingredients that lead to a life of serenity by exhibiting compassion, love, patience, generosity, and forgiveness.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|As soon as you start wanting something, then your eyes can see; your mind will be open to identify all the possible ways of obtaining it.
Kaitlin Bevis, Persephone|But who names a starship the Icarus? What kind of man possess that much hubris, that he dares it to fall?
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar|If past history was all there was to the game, the richest people would be librarians.
H.G. Wells, The War of the Worlds|Be a man!... What good is religion if it collapses under calamity? Think of what earthquakes and floods, wars and volcanoes, have done before to men! Did you think that God had exempted [us]? He is not an insurance agent.
Marie Lazari|Holding on to the past is like groping in the dark room when you have the opportunity to turn on the light. You only stumble, fall and hurt yourself.
Robert Frost|Living the past is a dull and lonely business; looking back strains the neck muscles, causing you to bump into people not going your way.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|In the 20th century- an age in thrall to the new- women turn out to be the newest thing of all; still packed up in cellophane, still folded up in the box, having played dead for the length of history. But now we are the new species!We are the tulip- America- the Hula Hoop- the moon shot- cocaine! Everything we do is going to be, implicitly,amazing.
Kenny Porpora, The Autumn Balloon|We met in a school elevator, and he could tell from the way I spoke that we had some sadness in common.
Grace Poe|I was a high-school teacher. I am a strong advocate for women's rights, and I'm not a woman.
Peter Watts, Blindsight|I watched the night sky with it's countless stars and its moon, and I wondered about the universe and all that had been created, why the stars and the moon rose at night and the sun in the day, how vast it must be, how I could never understand the infinite measure of its size.
William Osler|This is the truth: as from a fire aflame thousands of sparks come forth, even so from the Creator an infinity of beings have life and to him return again.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Mastering our thoughts can only be achieved after we truly understand what reality is. Thus, it is time to shatter your pre-conceived concept of reality. First, the majority of what you perceive as reality exists only in your mind, and, chances are, you spend most hours of your life in this illusion.
Abhijit Naskar, The God Parasite: Revelation of Neuroscience|Primitive humans could not comprehend the vastness of infinity and eternity, so as a trick of self-preservation they came up with the perception of survival of the soul after death and its recurring incarnations.
J.D. Robb, Fantasy in Death|Maybe I just didn’t want it to be Benny because he really loves her, and if I was wrong about that, it’d be depressing. Who wants to be depressed?”“Poets,” Eve decided. “You have to think they must.”“Okay, other than poets.
Gena Showalter, Last Kiss Goodnight|Eh bien, then, you are crazy, or appear crazy or you think you are crazy, and possibly you may be crazy.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|The world truly is my oyster, the difficulty is... I haven't discovered the ALL of the tools to shuck it yet.
Annette Vaillancourt, How to Manifest Your Soulmate with Eft: Relationship as a Spiritual Path|The moment you meet your SoulMate is the ultimate synchronicity. Lucky is the person who recognizes in that very moment the intersection of the perfect time, perfect place and perfect person.
Michael Ende, The Neverending Story|... Up until then he had always wanted to be someone other than he was, but he didn't want to change.
Yanni|When you cross a challenge that is expansive and deep, you may not even realize when you’ve come to the other side. That day will come. And when it does, how will you look at your crossing?
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|What's a philosopher?' said Brutha.Someone who's bright enough to find a job with no heavy lifting,' said a voice in his head.
Pankaj Mishra (#iampm)|After all, the butt of Fashion's dirtiest jokes is the public. The present American boast, that all women can be beautifully dressed if they choose, has been so clearly stated in so many ways for so long a time, that a large number of American women believe themselves to be beautifully dressed who are actually horrors to behold. Take those $10.75 copies of the dresses worn by the Duchess of Windsor in the summer of 1937. You could tell by the look on the faces of the American girls who wore them that they really felt beguiling enough to snatch off a Duke because they had a modified silhouette corresponding to that of a Duchess. The actual dress, stinted on material, cheaply imitated as to print design, bad in color and ill-fitting, was a horror to behold. You may say, if the girl feels like a Duchess, what more do you ask? I say, she looks to me like the worst mass-pro- duced imitation of a Duchess I can imagine, and it just isn't pretty.
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|acing the difficulty, there are 2 types of people:1 - Damn it!2 - Challenge accepted!
Nancy Gibbs; Michael Duffy, The Preacher and the Presidents: Billy Graham in the White House|learn to experience and learn to respect ,i love my culture and i respect iti m proud to be Xhosa
A.G. Howard, Ensnared|If our hearts are full of our own wretched 'I ams' we will have no ears to hear His glorious, soul-satisfying 'I am'. We say, 'Alas, I am such a poor week creature,' or 'I am so foolish,' or 'I am so good-for-nothing,' or 'I am so helpless' and we give these pitiful 'I ams' of ours as the reason of the wretchedness and discomfort of our religious lives, and even feel that we are very much to be pitied that things are so hard for us. While all the time we entirely ignore the blank check of God's magnificent 'I am,' which authorizes us to draw upon Him for an abundant supply for every need.
Euripides|Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|America, I don't think you can change history." All the same, his expression looked hopeful."Sure we can. Besides, who'd ever know about it but you and me?
Dianne Harman Cornered Coyote|I pawned the remote to my misery,trading it in for liquor that was cheap;screwdrivers for my vitamin c,and a little bloodstream to my IV,helping to soothe my lunacy
Takayuki Yamaguchi, シグルイ 15|To a mankind that recognizes the equality of man everywhere, every war becomes a civil war.
C.S. Lewis|Pain insists upon being attended to. God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our consciences, but shouts in our pains. It is his megaphone to rouse a deaf world.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Probably you are right, probably not... who knows?
Hanne Ørstavik, Like sant som jeg er virkelig|I look out of the window again. The rain is trickling down silently, evenly, like the tears that cover my face. Perhaps God is in the water, in the raindrops. I put my hand against the cold pane to be close to Him. To be as close as I can without imposing.
Simon Reynolds, Retromania: Pop Culture's Addiction to Its Own Past|Comely was the town by the curving river that they dismantled in a year's time. Beautiful was Colleton in her last spring as she flung azaleas like a girl throwing rice at a desperate wedding. In dazzling profusion, Colleton ripened in a gauze of sweet gardens and the town ached beneath a canopy of promissory fragrance.
Sunday Adelaja|Friends I would like to challenge you to do an experiment, in the privacy of your studies. Everywhere you see the name “Jesus” in the Bible, replace it with the word light and see what that does to you.
M.A. George, Proximity|Yeah, sure,” I scoffed. “You’re the picture of respectability and moral character…You expect me to believe you were your parents’ worst nightmare? What was your criminal act of choice—drunken bar fights? Or maybe grand theft auto? Don’t tell me you sold the crown jewels to buy drugs…It’s so disappointingly cliché.
Tommy Wallach, Thanks for the Trouble|Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player,That struts and frets his hour upon the stage,And then is heard no more. It is a taleTold by an idiot, full of sound and fury,Signifying nothing.
Brandon Varnell|When i believe in everything, I could not seethe actors semicircled around a studio microphoneflipping the pages of scripts in unison.I only heard the voices, resonant, electric, adult,accusing each other of murder.
CrimethInc., Contradictionary|The authorities don't grant concessions out of the kindness of their hearts; they simply concede the reality of what their subjects are strong enough to compel from them. If you want political leverage, don't beg for it, don't seek it through their channels - take power outside them.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|In the nonstop tsunami of global information, librarians provide us with floaties and teach us how to swim. – Linton Weeks, Washington Post, 13 January 2001
N.T. Wright, Surprised by Hope: Rethinking Heaven, the Resurrection, and the Mission of the Church|...left to ourselves we lapse into a kind of collusion with entrophy, acquiescing in the general belief that things may be getting worse but that there's nothing much we can do about them. And we are wrong. Our task in the present...is to live as resurrection people in between Easter and the final day, with our Christian life, corporate and individual, in both worship and mission, as a sign of the first and a foretaste of the second.
Ronda Rousey|When I was in the Senate, I worked to pass Women's Health and Wellness Act, which bars insurance companies from discriminating against the health care needs of women.
Ron Wyden|However, this court is constrained by law, and under the law, I can only conclude that the Government has not violated FOIA by refusing to turn over the documents sought in the FOIA requests, and so cannot be compelled by this court of law to explain in detail the reasons why its actions do not violate the Constitution and the laws of the United States. The Alice-in-Wonderland nature of this pronouncement is not lost on me; but after careful and extensive consideration, I find myself stuck in a paradoxical situation in which I cannot solve a problem because of contradictory constraints and rules—a veritable Catch-22. I can find no way around the thicket of laws and precedents that effectively allow the Executive Branch of our Government to proclaim as perfectly lawful certain actions that seem on their face incompatible with our Constitution and laws, while keeping the reasons for their conclusion a secret.
Clarence Darrow, Attorney for the Damned: Clarence Darrow in the Courtroom|Were these boys in their right minds? Here were two boys with good intellect, one eighteen and one nineteen. They had all the prospects that life could hold out for any of the young; one a graduate of Chicago and another of Ann Arbor; one who had passed his examination for the Harvard Law School and was about to take a trip in Europe,--another who had passed at Ann Arbor, the youngest in his class, with three thousand dollars in the bank. Boys who never knew what it was to want a dollar; boys who could reach any position that was to boys of that kind to reach; boys of distinguished and honorable families, families of wealth and position, with all the world before them. And they gave it all up for nothing, for nothing! They took a little companion of one of them, on a crowded street, and killed him, for nothing, and sacrificed everything that could be of value in human life upon the crazy scheme of a couple of immature lads.Now, your Honor, you have been a boy; I have been a boy. And we have known other boys. The best way to understand somebody else is to put yourself in his place.Is it within the realm of your imagination that a boy who was right, with all the prospects of life before him, who could choose what he wanted, without the slightest reason in the world would lure a young companion to his death, and take his place in the shadow of the gallows?...No one who has the process of reasoning could doubt that a boy who would do that is not right.How insane they are I care not, whether medically or legally. They did not reason; they could not reason; they committed the most foolish, most unprovoked, most purposeless, most causeless act that any two boys ever committed, and they put themselves where the rope is dangling above their heads....Why did they kill little Bobby Franks?Not for money, not for spite; not for hate. They killed him as they might kill a spider or a fly, for the experience. They killed him because they were made that way. Because somewhere in the infinite processes that go to the making up of the boy or the man something slipped, and those unfortunate lads sit here hated, despised, outcasts, with the community shouting for their blood.. . . I know, Your Honor, that every atom of life in all this universe is bound up together. I know that a pebble cannot be thrown into the ocean without disturbing every drop of water in the sea. I know that every life is inextricably mixed and woven with every other life. I know that every influence, conscious and unconscious, acts and reacts on every living organism, and that no one can fix the blame. I know that all life is a series of infinite chances, which sometimes result one way and sometimes another. I have not the infinite wisdom that can fathom it, neither has any other human brain
Lacey Silks, Perfectly Seduced|My heart quickened when I caught a flash of red entering the lunchroom. At the corner door farthest from me, Echo paused and performed a quick scan. She held her books tight to her chest, sleeves clutched in her hands. Our eyes met. Her green eyes melted and she gave me that beautiful siren smile
Christina Dodd, In Bed with the Duke|I intend to marry Michael, and squander all his money and run his life, and make sure he never again consorts with wicked women or gambles with licentious men. I promise I will henpeck him until he has no life beyond what I allow him, and when we die, I will lie in his arms through all eternity.
Dada Bhagwan|The knowledge, which makes you ‘emotional’, is worldly awareness. True awareness does not make you ‘emotional’.
Michael  Grant, Light|At the moment that target was eating tacos his mother had brought in despite hospital orders against outside food.“Oh, God, this is good,” Sam said as juicy beef and crisp lettuce dribbled out onto the tray on his lap.“Still not tired of eating?” Connie asked him.“I will never be tired of eating. I’m going to eat until I’m huge. Food, hot water, clean sheets. At least I’ll get those three in prison.
Romina Russell, Zodiac|The moment you begin your journey, the whole universe begins to enjoy your song.
William Gibson, Pattern Recognition|Ego-identification with things creates attachment to things, which in turn creates our consumer society and economic structures where the only measure of progress is always more. The unchecked striving for more, for endless growth, is a dysfunction and a disease. It is the same dysfunction the cancerous cell manifests, whose only goal is to multiply itself, unaware that it is bringing about its own destruction by destroying the organism of which it is a part. Some economists are so attached to the notion of growth that they can't let go of that word, so they refer to recession as a time of "negative growth".
Sophie Oak, Siren Beloved|Look, when I’m here, I don’t have to think. I don’t have to worry. I don’t even have to be me if I don’t want to. That came out wrong. I don’t have to be the me I have to be all day.
skloot, Rebecca|In bodies, a movement anywhere will send out a wave of response through the structure: the whole body participates, and the better organized it is around the skeletal core, the more clearly it reverberates. A person whose musculature is either slack or bound by excessive tension cannot act either as delicately or as powerfully as one that reverberates more freely.
Erik Pevernagie|Some people live disconnected, in a world of their own. Their wishful thinking represents their sole veracity. But when the mirror smashes the reflection of their delusion, it will not falter to talk back. ( "The day the mirror was talking back" )
Sherman Alexie, The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven|We depend on our surroundings obliquely to embody the moods and ideas we respect and then to remind us of them. We look to our buildings to hold us, like a kind of psychological mould, to a helpful vision of ourselves. We arrange around us material forms which communicate to us what we need — but are at constant risk of forgetting what we need — within. We turn to wallpaper, benches, paintings and streets to staunch the disappearance of our true selves.
Jim Rohn and Chris Widener, Twelve Pillars|In all your getting, get understanding. Proverbs paraphrased
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|When Hitler marched across the RhineTo take the land of France,La dame de fer decided,‘Let’s make the tyrant dance.’Let him take the land and city,The hills and every flower,One thing he will never have,The elegant Eiffel Tower.The French cut the cables,The elevators stood still,‘If he wants to reach the top,Let him walk it, if he will.’The invaders hung a swastikaThe largest ever seen.But a fresh breeze blewAnd away it flew,Never more to be seen.They hung up a second mark,Smaller than the first,But a patriot climbedWith a thought in mind:‘Never your duty shirk.’Up the iron ladyHe stealthily made his way,Hanging the bright tricolour,He heroically saved the day.Then, for some strange reason,A mystery to this day,Hitler never climbed the tower,On the ground he had to stay.At last he ordered she be razedDown to a twisted pile.A futile attack, for still she standsBeaming her metallic smile.
Robin Brande, Fat Cat|When they reached the stairs, he didn’t make her climb them herself. He picked her up in his arms and carried her to the big bathroom off their bedroom. He didn’t speak, his expression didn’t soften. But he was hard. His cock was like a poker, steely and hot against her hip. His eyes blazed with lust.
Henry Fielding|It's not that "today is the first day of the rest of my life " but that now is all there is of my life.
Marilynne Robinson|...when I see a man or woman alone, he or she looks mysterious to me, which is only to say that for a moment I see another human being clearly.
Corin Nemec|Dreams are the seeds of change. Nothing ever grows without a seed, and nothing ever changes without a dream.
Michael Shaara, The Killer Angels|All the best writers take risks, offend people often and say fuck you to the critics.
Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers|Again and again in his career, Hamilton committed the same political error: he never knew when to stop, and the resulting excesses led him into irremediable indiscretions.
Marsden Wagner, Born in the USA: How a Broken Maternity System Must Be Fixed to Put Women and Children First|I erupt from the dark, crushing tunnel into a flash of light and noise. A new kind of air surrounds me, dry and cold, as they wipe the last smears of home off my skin. I feel a sharp pain as they snip something, and suddenly I am less. I am no one but myself, tiny and feeble and utterly alone. I am lifted and swungthrough great heights across yawning distances, and given to Her. She wraps around me, so much bigger and softer than I ever imagined from inside,and I strain my eyes open. I see Her. She is immense, cosmic. She is the world. The world smiles down on me, and when She speaks it’s the voice of God, vast and resonant with meaning, but words unknowable, ringing gibberish in my blank white mind.
Fakeer Ishavardas|First of all, no messiahs are sent. Secondly, no messiah got it. Lastly, no messiah is. And if there ever was or is, maybe I too am it. As too is every dimwit.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Set the standard! Stop expecting others to show you love, acceptance, commitment, & respect when you don't even show that to yourself.
Albert Einstein|We admire elephants in part because they demonstrate what we consider the finest human traits: empathy, self-awareness, and social intelligence. But the way we treat them puts on display the very worst of human behavior.
Claes Oldenburg|I am for an art that imitates the human, that is comic, if necessary, or violent, or whatever is necessary. I am for an art that takes its form from the lines of life itself, that twists and extends and accumulates and spits and drips, and is heavy and coarse and blunt and sweet and stupid as life itself.
Thomas Szasz, Cruel Compassion: Psychiatric Control of Society's Unwanted|The main reason why clinicians may not diagnose personality disorders is that they think that doing so supports therapeutic pessimism. Recent research has shown this is not true; most patients get better, either with time or with treatment, that the prognosis is actually better than in many patients with severe mood and anxiety disorders.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|There are all kinds of pedants around with more time to read and imitate Lynne Truss and John Humphrys than to write poems, love-letters, novels and stories it seems. They whip out their Sharpies and take away and add apostrophes from public signs, shake their heads at prepositions which end sentences and mutter at split infinitives and misspellings, but do they bubble and froth and slobber and cream with joy at language? Do they ever let the tripping of the tips of their tongues against the tops of their teeth transport them to giddy euphoric bliss? Do they ever yoke impossible words together for the sound-sex of it? Do they use language to seduce, charm, excite, please, affirm and tickle those they talk to? Do they? I doubt it. They’re too farting busy sneering at a greengrocer’s less than perfect use of the apostrophe. Well sod them to Hades. They think they’re guardians of language. They’re no more guardians of language than the Kennel Club is the guardian of dogkind.
DeObia Oparei|My only real contact with what my father did was that he could get 16-millimeter prints, so every weekend we would show two or three movies at home. But our house wasn't frequented by stars. My father's personal life was his personal life, and it was separate from his professional life.
Amit Ray, Beautify your Breath - Beautify your Life|Meditation is to understand that one breath, which connects all beings.
Cindee Snider Re, Discovering Hope: Beginning the Journey Toward Hope in Chronic Illness|And that afternoon, as the sun slanted low through the changing autumn leaves, I remembered to savor the moment, soak in the beauty, breathe deeply and feel the immensity of God.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|A knight will give a lady a ring from his hand and take a kiss from her lips, when he wishes to love her and serve her all his days," she recited, as she had when he was small. She pulled the ring from the chain and held it out to him. "This ring is the knight's who swore to serve me. Take it. One day you may find a lady to wear it.
Tony Evens|You are a masterpiece. A painting. A poem. A song. A statue. A work of art. Think of yourself that way. Embrace yourself that way. Honor yourself that way. In doing so you are honoring Him who made you.But you don't feel like a masterpiece/Thats ok because I'm not talking about your emotions. I'm talking about you. Those feelings are real, but in a sense, they are irrelevant because they don't change the facts.You are a masterpiece whether you feel like one or not.You may feel like a failure, but God says you are his workmanship, created n Christ Jesus for good works. Thats the reality you need to focus on when your feelings tell you something else. God will raise your feelings up to your destiny, don't lower your destiny down to your feelings.
George Sterling, The Thirst of Satan: Poems of Fantasy and Terror|There are black zones of shadow close to our daily paths, and now and then some evil soul breaks a passage through. When that happens, the man who knows must strike before reckoning the consequences.
Ogwo David Emenike, Happiness Recipe: Eat and Stay Happy|Always be happy, you never know how happy you can make another by just being happy.
Bri Justine, Heinous Crimes, Immoral Minds|I do not possess the ability to draw or paint.I can’t sing or dance.I can’t knit or sew. But I am an artist. I have the ability to put onto paper, words that tell an intriguing story. I am a writer. A writer is someone who, with just words, can paint a beautiful picture. A writer can open up a world of imagination you didn’t realize was possible. When you open up a book and become so consumed in the story, you feel like you’re a part of it… you’re standing next to that character and feeling the same way that character feels, That’s the art of a writer. I am an artist. My inspiration is the world around me.My paintbrush is my words.My easel is my computer.My canvas is the mind of my reader.
Jorge Luis Borges|I do not know whether music knows how to despair over music, or marble over marble, but literature is an art which knows how to prophesize the time in which it might have fallen silent, how to attack its own virtue, and how to fall in love with its own dissolution and court its own end.
A.B. Shepherd, Lifeboat|...I’m tired of everyone looking at me with pity in their eyes. I’m tired of feeling like my heart is being ripped out of my chest every damned day. I’m tired of waking up in the morning, and then remembering...
Kat Lahr, A Time Of Renewal|...on a subconscious level we're aware that time isn't enduring, that it is not a required condition of our existence, that there comes a point when we will have no need of it.
Dane Whalen|More often than not, a statist's argument against Anarchism boils down to an unwillingness to take control and responsibility for their own lives, actions, and communities. The sad truth is that the human animal has been domesticated to the point where it actually fears Liberty.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|It's time to get healed. It's time to confess. Falling for the bait doesn't make you the worst person in the world. You were snared. You were hooked. But you don't have to stay that way. Now is the time to deal with the shackles that keep you enslaved. Today you can leave the prison that sexual immorality has created from your past mistakes. Hear your Father's voice call out to you above the noisy clamor of our culture. He says, "I love you. You're free to go now. Sexual sin has no hold on you.
Charlie Dent|When the American spirit was in its youth, the language of America was different: Liberty, sir, was the primary object.
Quetzal|The best hiding place was love. Thus the conversion from pristine sadism to fabricated hatred, to fraudulent love.
Wendy Vanderwal-Gritter, Generous Spaciousness: Responding to Gay Christians in the Church|There is an irony in how Christians talk about and understand sexuality. Christians often lament the world's reductionism of sex to genital interaction and raw physical pleasures, but then they typically reduce a gay person's sexuality to just that.
Nils Uddenberg, The Old Man and the Cat: A Love Story|Little cats mean little kids, little kids mean little cats!
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|Life is hard, the earth stubborn, science rich in knowledge but poor in practical results.
Manolo Blahnik|Oprah was famous for going to a garden party and ad-libbing. She could literally interview people for a half hour about nothing, and it was entertaining. She had her own show before she had her own show.
Hassnain Qasim|We all fail at certain points in our lives, but if your journey stops at failure, it will become your destination.
Alison Lurie|There's a rule, I think. You get what you want in life, but not your second choice too.
Apichatpong Weerasethakul|The next time you feel yourself giving in to the sometimes overwhelming urge to panic about the fate of literature in the digital age, follow this simple remedy: remember that you dream. For that is ironclad proof . . . that literature—that narrative art in whatever form—will never die. Humans, strange creatures that we are, make sense of our lives by telling stories. In the space between each day and the next, we refresh our minds by concocting the most fantastic and elaborate fictions. We spend roughly a third of our lives thus, re-arranging our scattered experiences into stories. That we do it at all is bizarre and inexplicable. But as long as we do it, we will crave stories—human stories, stories that speak to us—in our waking life. The Internet, powerful as it is, cannot change that.
Pope Benedict XVI|In the course of my intellectual life I experienced very acutely the problem of whether it isn't actually presumptuous to say that we can know the truth - in the face of all our limitations. I also asked myself to what extent it might not be better to suppress this category. In pursuing this question, however, I was able to observe and also to grasp that relinquishing truth doesn't solve anything but, on the contrary, leads to the tyranny of caprice. In that case, the only thing that can remain is really what we decide on and can replace at will. Man is degraded if he can't know truth, if everything, in the final analysis, is just the product of an individual or collective decision.In this way it became clear to me how important it is that we don't lose the concept of truth, in spite of the menaces and perils that it doubtless carries with it. It has to remain as a central category. As a demand on us that doesn't give us rights but requires, on the contrary, our humility and our obedience and can lead us to the common path.
Sura Hart, Respectful Parents, Respectful Kids: 7 Keys to Turn Family Conflict into Cooperation|Listening is an attitude of the heart, a genuine desire to be with another which both attracts and heals. (attr to J. Isham)
Anthony Liccione|Any time an opportunity scares you that much, you should seriously consider saying yes.
Robin Bielman, Once Upon a Royal Christmas|A quick and dirty whatever-it-was in the stolen minutes in the middle of the day was one thing. The quiet crackle of the fire, smell of warm bread, the home she knew was so important to him—this was something else altogether.
shivangi lavaniya|Mercy, how we do so often love to immortalize those despised and forgotten in life.
Kerry King|One day I looked in the mirror, and I wasn't happy. If you're not feeling good mentally, emotionally and physically, you're just a mess - and that's the point I felt like. It was a change in attitude and a shift in lifestyle. There's no crazy diet; I train six days a week, and I eat really well.
Will Durant, Our Oriental Heritage|Before our white brothers arrived to make us civilized men, we didin't have any kind of prison. Because of this, we didn't have any delinquents. Without a prison, there can't be no delinquents. We had no locks nor keys therefore among us there were no thieves. When someone was so poor that he couldn't afford a horse, a tent or a blanket, he would, in that case, receive it all as a gift. We were too uncivilized to give great importance to private property. We didn't know any kind of money and consequently, the value of a human being was not determined by his wealth. We had no written laws laid down, no lawyers, no politicians, therefore we were not able to cheat and swindle one another. We were really in bad shape before the white man arrived and I don't know how to explain how we were able to manage without these fundamental things that (so they tell us) are so necessary for a civilized society.
Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery|Science experiments have found that people who practice meditation release significantly lower doses of cortisol, known as the stress hormone. This is consequential because frequent release of cortisol can lead to heart disease, diabetes, dementia, cancer, and depression.
Rose Wynters, My Wolf Protector|No,” he replied, firmly, smoothing her hair back from the side of her face. “I'll never leave youalone again. You've spent too many years always having to be the strong one, never having anyone torely upon. It stops now, Taylor. What I heard changes nothing when it comes to how I feel about you. Irespect you in a way I've never respected anyone before. Share this burden with me. You've been stronglong enough. Let me shoulder it from here on out. I promise you, I won't fail you.
S.A. Tawks, Mule|Don't get me wrong, she was an attractive girl, but the last thing she needed was to get mixed up with me.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|A devil - "A power that lives against its life
Brian Morgan|If you don't wake up with something in your stomach every day that makes you think  "I want to make this movie " it'll never get made.
Theodore Roosevelt|If this country is really to go forward along the path of social and economic justice, there must be a new party of nationwide and non-sectional principles, a party where the titular national chiefs and the real state leaders shall be in genuine accord, a party in whose counsels the people shall be supreme, a party that shall represent in the nation and the several states alike the same cause, the cause of human rights and of governmental efficiency. At present both the old parties are controlled by professional politicians in the interests of the privileged classes, and apparently each has set up as its ideal of business and political development a government by financial despotism tempered by make-believe political assassination. Democrat and Republican alike, they represent government of the needy many by professional politicians in the interests of the rich few. This is class government, and class government of a peculiarly unwholesome kind.
Lucy H. Pearce, Burning Woman|If we are to be women in power, then it must be power on very different terms. we have to find a new source of energy. New structures of power. Ones that don’t deplete us or our environment. We need to run our lives on sustainable energy.
Madonna|If your words, actions and intentions are not genuine, I have no use for you or room for you in my life.
Cecilia Ahern, The Year I met you|SummerThe seasons between spring and autumn, comprising in the Northern Hemispherethe warmest months of the year: June, July and August. The period of finest development, perfection, or beauty previous to any decline; the summer of life.
William Butler Yeats|Liberals should not overplay this weapons of mass destruction card, because you want me to tell you the truth? Most of us are not going to care if they don't find these weapons of mass destruction. It's enough for a lot of us to see those kids smiling on that street again.
Yoshida Kenkō, Essays in Idleness and Hôjôki|The psychological effects of the sun are strange: it had not yet appeared over the horizon and we already felt comforted, just imagining the heat it would bring.
Nancy Glynn, Black 21|Jack explained. “Daisy, you were meant for me. Dane destroyed that. You’re lucky I don’t set you on fire right this minute. It’s either you or him. Pick.” Jack chewed on a toothpick, took it out of his mouth and pointed it at her and then Dane. “Pick, pick, pick,” he said, pointing back and forth.
Wes Adamson|Revenge is like waves hitting the beach, the water is drawn in and sucked back into yet another wave, pounding and smashing its shoreline!
Peter T. King|But 85 percent of the mosques have extremist leadership in this country. Most Muslims, the overwhelming majority of Muslims, are loyal Americans.
Victor L. Wooten, The Music Lesson: A Spiritual Search for Growth Through Music|At first I couldn't see anything. I fumbled along the cobblestone street. I lit a cigarette. Suddenly the moon appeared from behind a black cloud, lighting a white wall that was crumbled in places. I stopped, blinded by such whiteness. Wind whistled slightly. I breathed the air of the tamarinds. The night hummed, full of leaves and insects. Crickets bivouacked in the tall grass. I raised my head: up there the stars too had set up camp. I thought that the universe was a vast system of signs, a conversation between giant beings. My actions, the cricket's saw, the star's blink, were nothing but pauses and syllables, scattered phrases from that dialogue. What word could it be, of which I was only a syllable? Who speaks the word? To whom is it spoken? I threw my cigarette down on the sidewalk. Falling, it drew a shining curve, shooting out brief sparks like a tiny comet.I walked a long time, slowly. I felt free, secure between the lips that were at that moment speaking me with such happiness. The night was a garden of eyes.
Digby Wolfe|Lulu twirled in front of Jolene, banging into the seat. her eyes sparkled in that I'm-either-going-to-scream-or-fall-asleep-any-second kind of way.
Samer Chidiac|Worrying is like a man's beard, if you don't do something about it... it will keep growing.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|Most people just ‘hope’ to meet their targets, while few have clear and strong intention hence they achieve it.
Julia Quinn, To Catch an Heiress|I hate the notion of a secret recipe. Recipes are by nature derivative and meant to be shared - that is how they improve, are changed, how new ideas are formed. To stop a recipe in it's tracks, to label it "secret" just seems mean.
Margaret Walker|I wish our clever young poets would remember my homely definitions of prose and poetry; that is, prose = words in their best order; - poetry = the best words in the best order.
Jeri Smith-Ready, Requiem for the Devil|Sorry," she said. "I have a psychological disorder that prevents me from keeping thoughts inside my head where they belong. 
Sunday Adelaja|If there's a password needed at the gates of heaven, only Latin will unlock it, he thinks.
Ashly Lorenzana|While it's true that I am guided in life by my feelings and emotions, that certainly does NOT mean that I trust them.Emotions are reactions to things based on all of a person's prior experiences and we forget sometimes just how limited those are.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|Having ascended to some spiritual strength by focusing on the power of the feminine, it is no doubt tempting to wield this strength against that which triggers memories of having once been weaker.
Cherry Tigris, Toilet Paper People: no ONE is perfect|People ask, how can a person abuse a child? I ask, how can so many 'good' people not do anything about it?
N.T. Wright, Simply Christian: Why Christianity Makes Sense|The theology of the cross is not a cerebral thing; it profoundly affects our Christian experience and existence, making demands upon our whole lives and turning theology into something which controls not just our thoughts, but the very way in which we experience the world around and taste the blessing and fellowship of God himself. pp.48-49
Stephanie Sigman|I have the greatest respect for single parents who struggle and sacrifice, trying against almost superhuman odds to hold the family together. They should be honored and helped in their heroic efforts. But any mother's or father's task is much easier where there are two functioning parents in the home.
Gregory J. Boyle, Tattoos on the Heart: The Power of Boundless Compassion|If there is a fundamental challenge within these stories, it is simply to change our lurking suspicion that some lives matter less than other lives.
C. JoyBell C.|Some people walk through a hallway with covered mirrors– the hallway is lined with mirrors but there are blankets covering each of them. They go through life believing in an image of themselves that isn't real, and an image of themselves standing in the world and relative to the world, that isn't real. If you happen to be in that hallway and pull the blankets off the mirrors, they're going to think that you're hurting them; but they're actually just seeing their reflection for the first time. Sometimes the most horrendous thing a person can see, is all the hidden things inside them, the things they've covered, the things they choose not look at. And you're not hurting them, you're setting them free.
Kate Forsyth|Words. I had always loved them. I collected them, like I had collected pretty stones as a child.
Dr. Seuss|Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!
Emily Dickinson|If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry.
Daniel Johns|I could think of nothing but the loneliness, of being stuck in that glass room with only OCD for company. OCD, the bully; OCD, the oppressor; OCD, the destroyer of lives; OCD.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What are you grateful for? Get in the habit of being grateful, even for a small thing. It opens up your energy for positivity and blessings to flow to you.
Jenny Zhang, Sour Heart|Maybe we would grow apart, he would develop a personality that I would know nothing about, we would start our families, have children of our own, and there would come a point when in thinking about 'family' we would think of the ones we made, not the ones we were from.
John Green, Paper Towns|Was it animal pee or human pee? Someone asked.How would I know? What, am I an expert in the study of pee?
Samuel Smiles|No matter how dark the moment, love and hope are always possible.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|Are you happy?” asked Mr. Nancy, suddenly. He had been staring at Shadow for several hours. Whenever Shadow glanced over to his right, Mr. Nancy was looking at him with his earth-brown eyes. “Not really,” said Shadow. “But I’m not dead yet.” “Huh?” “ ‘Call no man happy until he is dead.’ Herodotus.” Mr. Nancy raised a white eyebrow, and he said, “I’m not dead yet, and, mostly because I’m not dead yet, I’m happy as a clamboy.” “The Herodotus thing. It doesn’t mean that the dead are happy,” said Shadow. “It means that you can’t judge the shape of someone’s life until it’s over and done.” “I don’t even judge then,” said Mr. Nancy. “And as for happiness, there’s a lot of different kinds of happiness, just as there’s a hell of a lot of different kinds of dead. Me, I’ll just take what I can get when I can get it.
Mary Norton, The Borrowers Afield|H--‐how did we get in the water?”“You were burning. I needed to do something to cool you. As soon as I carried you in, though, you started flailing around. Scared me,” he added on a whisper.That explained the dream. But it didn’t change what she knew was coming. She pressed her face against his neck and drew in the sweet scent of his skin. Loved the rasp of his stubbly cheek against her flesh.“Why do I get the feeling you’re holding something back?” he asked softly.Because he was smart. And because even in the short amount of time they’d been together, he’d learned more about her than anyone else in her entire life. “I believe in signs. I never did before but…I dreamed about you.”“You did?”She nodded. “I think I have for a while, I just…I didn’t know it was you. But now…”She swallowed hard. “I should have waited for you. It’s the biggest regret I have. I’m sorry I didn’t wait.
Amy Reed, Crazy|All I know is I want you to be happy, and if I could do anything to give that to you, I would.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|There are many kinds of truth: societal truths, religious truths, fundamental truths, scientific truths, and universal truths. Your truth should be what you can trust with your heart.
C.S. Lewis, The Last Battle|...but now the love of Charles for Emma seemed to her a desertion from her tenderness, an encroachment upon what was hers, and she watched her son's happiness in sad silence, as a ruined man looks through the windows at people dining in his old house.
Mehmet Murat ildan|An applause is not just the recognition of good performance, but its proof of being different than the crowd.
John Bunyan, Pilgrim's Progress|The syrup of lilies hangs thick and sweet in the air, its cloying scent the traditional mask of death and rebirth: ashes and incense, rain and dirt, and something like rosin. It's the scent Hector associates with God. The scent of heavenly things.
ShirLee McGarry, The Adventures of CluckCluck: CluckCluck Goes to Court|While you're here, work hard, work smart, and keep an open mind. That's all I ask.
Craig Ferguson|If a man doesn't know how to dance he doesn't know how to make love, there I said it!
Zoe Weil, Most Good, Least Harm: A Simple Principle for a Better World and Meaningful Life|All it takes for generosity to flow is awareness. By actively pursuing awareness and knowledge, we can make choices that cause less harm and greater good to others in the global community of our shared earth.
Albert Einstein|Try and penetrate with our limited means the secrets of nature and you will find that, behind all the descernible laws and connections, there remains something subtle, intangible and inexplicable. Veneration for this force beyond anything that we can comprehend is my religion. To that extent I am, in fact, religious.
John Romero|For me, I actually come from an electronic dance music background: house music, electro house, trance music, even. When I was coming out of school, basically, I discovered Brain Fever, Flying Lotus, J Dilla and all that. That was when I got excited about hip-hop and when the Flume project started.
Elisabeth Elliot, Discipline: The Glad Surrender|I discipline my mind to see past distractions, to scrutinize deceptive tendencies and to pay careful attention to details whether I am conversing with others or I’m just a passive observer.
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|She had just realized there were two things that prevent us from achieving our dreams: believing them to be impossible or seeing those dreams made possible by some sudden turn of the wheel of fortune, when you least expected it. For at that moment, all our fears suddenly surface: the fear of setting off along a road heading who knows where, the fear of a life full of new challenges, the fear of losing forever everything that is familiar.
Agatha Christie|How are you doing, son?""If you don't get started, I'll rip out your heart and have it for breakfast."- Michael to Solo
Peter S Beagle|Death has no repeal. It is a brute ending that leaves us the legacy of an inscrutable silence. Therefore, I understand the voice of mercy very well.
Charles Bukowski, Ham on Rye|Death is the dropping of the flower, that the fruit may, swell.
Aristotle Onassis|The record company started as an adjunct to that, to give young composers their first recorded performances; to give young musicians their first debut on a recording. These are all things that big record companies would never touch because there is no money in it!
Sol Luckman, Beginner's Luke|Home. The word circled comfortably in my mouth like bubble gum, swished around sweetly soft and satisfying. Home. Try saying it aloud to yourself. Home. Isn’t it like taking a bite of something lovely? If only we could eat words.
Emily Ruskovich|Whether the judge all those years ago agreed that Jenny had no right to what she wished, or whether her plainspoken grief, which she shouted out in silence from her eyes, moved him, or disturbed him, or confused him, doesn't matter. He whispered, 'Life.' And so she lived. Is living still. Will go on living, to the end of that whisper.
Crane Brinton, The Anatomy of Revolution Revised and Expanded Edition|With a smile of grim satisfaction, he bellowed his call. And the rebels surged forward in an act that would be remembered for ten thousand years.
Maya Angelou, Mom & Me & Mom|Some people are ignorant of the world but educated in Scripture, and are therefore prone to missing the relevance of Scripture - these sometimes, later, amidst life's challenges and doubts, turn from the faith; other people are ignorant of Scripture but educated in the world, and are therefore prone to missing the truth of Scripture - they are often those who ridicule the faith. The apologist stands somewhere in the center. He articulates where some are prone to understanding the truth in beauty, others the beauty in truth - that of a spiritual Creator in relation to his scientific creation.
P.G. Wodehouse, Right Ho, Jeeves|Find the problem, find the story.
Bryony Shaw|I never panic when I get a wasp at my ear. As soon as you strike out, they'll sting you. So just stay cool.
Jon Miller|As it is for a person, so it is for a company: having a sense of purpose is invigorating and motivating.
Reuven Rivlin|I feel lucky that I found my talent, not unlucky that I was born with a disability. When I'm on a horse, I'm more worried about what the riding hat is doing to my hair than what my bent legs and arms are doing. What riding has given me is respect.
Dennis Roberts|A relationship is what you can give, not what you can get.
Yolanda Adams|Performing arts was something I was always part of. That was may be the only common thread that ran throughout my education, throughout my schooling years. But apart from that, there were no friends or no long term associations. That was the only thing I knew was with me wherever I went.
James Franco|As a writer, or as a filmmaker, you have to present yourself, and part of what yourself is is what you're interested in, or what you think is funny, or what you think is sad, or what you think is horrible.
Chriscinthia Blount|When God throws something your way, catch it!
Russell Means, Where White Men Fear to Tread: The Autobiography of Russell Means|Golden eagles don`t mate with bald eagles, deer don`t mate with antelope, gray wolves don`t mate with red wolves. Just look at domesticated animals, at mongrel dogs, and mixed breed horses, and you`ll know the Great Mystery didn`t intend them to be that way. We weakened the species and introduced disease by mixing what should be kept seperate. Among humans, intermarriage weakens the respect people have for themselves and for their traditions. It undermines clarity of spirit and mind.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|My sister's bringing up had made me sensitive. In the little world in which children have their existence whosoever brings them up, there is nothing so finely perceived and so finely felt, as injustice. It may be only small injustice that the child can be exposed to; but the child is small, and its world is small, and its rocking-horse stands as many hands high, according to scale, as a big-boned Irish hunter. Within myself, I had sustained, from my babyhood, a perpetual conflict with injustice. I had known, from the time when I could speak, that my sister, in her capricious and violent coercion, was unjust to me. I had cherished a profound conviction that her bringing me up by hand, gave her no right to bring me up by jerks. Through all my punishments, disgraces, fasts and vigils, and other penitential performances, I had nursed this assurance; and to my communing so much with it, in a solitary and unprotected way, I in great part refer the fact that I was morally timid and very sensitive.
Elfriede Jelinek, The Piano Teacher|In a number of workshops, I have asked people whether they have had one or more experiences that they would identify as an experience of God and, if so, to share them in small groups. On average, 80 percent of the participants identify one or more and are eager to talk about them. They also frequently report that they had never before been asked that question in a church setting or given an opportunity to talk about it.
Charles R. Swindoll|With all the media attention, all the love from the fans, I felt I needed to prove myself. Prove that I'm not a marketing tool, I'm not a ploy to improve attendance. Prove I can play in this league. But I've surrendered that to God. I'm not in a battle with what everybody else thinks anymore.
Diyar Harraz, Like The Starlings|I didn't want this dance to end, or Kiggs to let go of my hand. I didn't want him to turn his eyes away, or live any other moment than this one.
Tom Hardy|Time passes, and little by little everything that we have spoken in falsehood becomes true.
Taka Sande, Little Tough Tips On Marriage|There is no doubt that the family conversation is the tool that is able to make a psychological and emotional communication between family members.It opens the space widely to the family members to gather on the conversation table discussing their ideas and listening to each member point of view.And since family unity and the strong the relationship between the family members is the correct choice of the parents in every time and place, the conversation window is the correct path to strengthen family bonding and presenting the psychological and emotional support to reach that goal.
Imam ash-Shafi`i|Public education does not serve a public. It creates a public. And in creating the right kind of public, the schools contribute toward strengthening the spiritual basis of the American Creed. That is how Jefferson understood it, how Horace Mann understood it, how John Dewey understood it, and in fact, there is no other way to understand it. The question is not, Does or doesn't public schooling create a public? The question is, What kind of public does it create? A conglomerate of self-indulgent consumers? Angry, soulless, directionless masses? Indifferent, confused citizens? Or a public imbued with confidence, a sense of purpose, a respect for learning, and tolerance? The answer to this question has nothing whatever to do with computers, with testing, with teacher accountability, with class size, and with the other details of managing schools. The right answer depends on two things, and two things alone: the existence of shared narratives and the capacity of such narratives to provide an inspired reason for schooling.
Robert Duchnik, jQuery Plugin Development In 30 Minutes|believe the power of jQuery is highly underutilized. Most developers will take advantage of its shortcuts and CSS selectors, but most of the time they fail to take advantage of much else. Being able to extend jQuery, whether by adding your own functions, CSS selectors or full-blown plugins, makes you a much stronger and smarter developer.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Then the conceit of this inconstant staySets you rich in youth before my sight,Where wasteful Time debateth with Decay,To change your day of youth to sullied night;And all in war with Time for love of you,As he takes from you I engraft you new.
Christina Westover, Poisoning Sylvie|Someone who dreams cannot be forced to stop—there are no limitations to dreams, because we do not own dreams, dreams are from God.
Debasish Mridha|To be happy, follow the heart not the thoughts.
Nikos Kazantzakis|The most important and urgent problems of the technology of today are no longer the satisfactions of the primary needs or of archetypal wishes, but the reparation of the evils and damages by the technology of yesterday.
Samuel Butler|We don't want two-tier people in America. Those who are legal but not citizens, and citizens.
Rita Ora|The iconic Doral was once a beacon for the ultimate in luxury golf resorts, and we have fully restored it to its prior grandeur - and then some. Besides the sun, golf, and amazing Latin food, Miami is a city of culture that has something for everyone.
Raisa Rahman|In your imagination, nothing is impossible
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|You have a nice mouth," he says. "I can't stop looking at it.""You should taste it. It's quite lovely.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|Being afraid is not a sign of weakness. Being afraid is a sign of a will to live, it is an indication that we place value in our lives and those in it. The only defeat in fear is allowing your fear to defeat you.
Joan Didion, The Year of Magical Thinking|we are imperfect mortal beings, aware of that mortality even as we push it away, failed by our very complication, so wired that when we mourn our losses we also mourn, for better or for worse, ourselves. as we were. as we are no longer. as we will one day not be at all.
Roy  Bennett|When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference… You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your concern, your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.
Al Álvarez, The Savage God: A Study of Suicide|Physicists explain creation by telling us that the universe began with the Big Bang, an intense energy singularity that continued expanding. But pray, please do explain who created the singularity?
Russell A. Peck, Confessio Amantis, Volume 2|Gower is the first English writer to use "history" as an English word. He regularly rhymes the term with "memory," for to his way of thinking history and memory are correlative. That is, without history, there can be no memory; and without memory, there can be no history. But the point of historical knowledge is not to enable people to live in the past, or even to understand the past in the way we would expect a modern historian to proceed; rather, it is to enable people to live more vitally in the present.
Martin Cosgrove|For the length of time it takes to write a book, you need to believe that you’re the only writer in existence; the only one who matters. You need to shut yourself away and allow the creativity to build up, not leak out through worry and comparisons and doubt.
Judith Viorst|Love looks through a telescope; envy, through a microscope.
William C. Bryant|Philosophies change by the day while God never changes, simply because, being perfect, He does not have to change!
Joseph B. Wirthlin|Propaganda has a negative connotation, which it partially deserves, but I think there is some propaganda that is very positive. I feel that if you can do something that gets people's attention, then maybe they'll go and find out more about the person.
Charles Bukowski, The Last Night of the Earth Poems|women were beyond me.they saw somethingdepraved.there was one waitressa little older thanI, she rather smiled,lingered when shebrought mycoffee.that was plenty for me, that wasenough.- Young in New Orleans
K. Flay|Remember you will not always win. Some days, the most resourceful individual will taste defeat. But there is, in this case, always tomorrow - after you have done your best to achieve success today.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|It's a lot harder to get someone OUT of your life than it is to let them IN, so please…be selective.
Hunter S. Thompson|A man who will steal for me will steal from me." Theodore Roosevelt, dismissing on the spot one of his best cowhands who was about to claim for his boss an unmarked animal.
Israelmore Ayivor, Six Words Inspiration|Soon, the pain will be over!
William James, Pragmatism and Other Writings|An outree explanation, violating all our preconceptions, would never pass for a true account of a novelty. We should scratch round industriously till we found something less excentric.
Alexander Shulgin|Fear and anxiety affect decision making in the direction of more caution and risk aversion... Traumatized individuals pay more attention to cues of threat than other experiences, and they interpret ambiguous stimuli and situations as threatening (Eyesenck, 1992), leading to more fear-driven decisions. In people with a dissociative disorder, certain parts are compelled to focus on the perception of danger. Living in trauma-time, these dissociative parts immediately perceive the present as being "just like" the past and "emergency" emotions such as fear, rage, or terror are immediately evoked, which compel impulsive decisions to engage in defensive behaviors (freeze, flight, fight, or collapse). When parts of you are triggered, more rational and grounded parts may be overwhelmed and unable to make effective decisions.
Agatha Christie, The Man in the Brown Suit|Animals are locked in a perpetual present. They can learn from recent events, but they are easily distracted by what is in front of their eyes. Slowly, over a great period of time, our ancestors overcame this basic animal weakness. By looking long enough at any object and refusing to be distracted—even for a few seconds—they could momentarily detach themselves from their immediate surroundings. In this way they could notice patterns, make generalizations, and think ahead. They had the mental distance to think and reflect, even on the smallest scale.These early humans evolved the ability to detach and think as their primary advantage in the struggle to avoid predators and find food. It connected them to a reality other animals could not access. Thinking on this level was the single greatest turning point in all of evolution—the emergence of the conscious, reasoning mind.
Santosh Kalwar|If like fcuks you hard, you fcuk her more harder. If she betrays, put little bit more effort and she will be dead flat.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We are members of God’s family. One faith, one hope and one baptism.
John T. Chambers|A well-run organization turns over 10% of their organizations, including senior leadership. I don't have the heart to do that.
Brandon Kelly|...take down your baby bump photos from Facebook, take down pictures of your kids too. It is your job to protect your children and not parade them around like little circus freaks or glorified mini-you’s.
Michelangelo Buonarroti, Complete Poems and Selected Letters|A while later, I lingered in the hinterlands of sleep. Sometimes I think there is more rest in that place between wakefulness and sleep than there is in true sleep. The mind walks in the twilight of both states, and finds the truths that are hidden alike by daylight and dreams. Things we are not ready to know abide in that place, awaiting that unguarded frame of mind.
Fumio Obata, Just So Happens|Jesus Christ is the way of gaining a father, the path of a pure and righteous life without fornication, lust or adultery
María Dueñas, The Time in Between|That was my story. Or at least the way I remember it. What happened to those characters and the places that had to do with those turbulent times, can be researched in libraries or the memories of the elderly. People like Beigbeder, Rosalinda, or Hillgarth went on to the history books.People like Marcus and me didn't. But that doesn't mean our lives were less important. Because, in the end, we all play a part in the world's fate. And Marcus and I always stood on the other side of the story.Actively invisible during that time we lived in between the seams.
Gaito Gazdanov, Призрак Александра Вольфа|When I thought of myself, of the feelings I had, of the things I thought I understood so well, I imagined myself somehow abstractly, because that other visual recollection was painful and unpleasant for me. No sooner would I call to mind my physical appearance than the finest, most lyrical, wonderful visions would vanish in an instant - so monstrous was its disparity with the intangible, glittering world that existed in my imagination. It seemed to me that there could be no greater contrast than that between my inner life and my outward appearance; sometimes I even imagined that I was trapped in someone else's strange, almost hateful body.
Sting, Nothing Like the Sun|If "Manners maketh man," as someone saidThen he's the hero of the dayIt takes a man to suffer ignorance and smileBe yourself, no matter what they
Irina Binder, Fluturi|You know what my father told me when I was little, one day, when he found me crying? He told me that God gave people a fixed number of tears and are of two kinds: tears of sadness and tears of happiness. And that I should not waste my tears elsewhere, but keep them for the moments of happiness. Would be a shame to not have tears to cry then ... 
Robert Penn Warren|I was headed out down a long bone-white road, straight as a string and smooth as glass and glittering and wavering in the heat and humming under the tires like a plucked nerve. I was doing seventy-five but I never seemed to catch up with the pool which seemed to be over the road just this side of the horizon. Then, after a while, the sun was in my eyes, for I was driving west. So I pulled the sun screen down and squinted and put the throttle to the floor. And kept on moving west. For West is where we all plan to go some day. It is where you go when the land gives out and the old-field pines encroach. It is where you go when you get the letter saying: Flee, all is discovered. It is where you go when you look down at the blade in your hand and the blood on it. It is where you go when you are told that you are a bubble on the tide of empire. It is where you go when you hear that thar's gold in them-thar hills. It is where you go to grow up with the country. It is where you go to spend your old age. Or it is just where you go.It was just where I went.
William Lane Craig, The Only Wise God: The Compatibility of Divine Foreknowledge & Human Freedom|Christian theological history is filled with stories of groups who have developed theories of the election of themselves to salvation and the damnation of others; theories that demonstrate that their particular group has been exclusively endowed with divine truth, so that they possess a unique mission to the world and have a unique authority within it.
René Descartes, Discourse on Method and Meditations on First Philosophy|I pray that I am never so foolishly naive or roguishly pompous to think that I can be the captain of my own ship, for if God is not at the helm my ship will soon be at the bottom.
Hester Young, The Gates of Evangeline|I love the quietness of the library, the gateway to knowledge, to the French language and medieval history and hydraulic engineering and fairy tales, learning in a very primitive form: books, something that's quickly giving way to modern technology.
Kevin Reaver, Outcast|We were more alike than any of the others, neither of us quite human and both hated by the two species we drifted between.
David Hoffmeister, Unwind Your Mind Back to God:  Experiencing A Course in Miracles|Relationships without a Divine Aim always "break up," for they are based on nothing. Divine Purpose could be described as forgiveness -- the undoing and releasing of the ego. Belief in the ego prevents awareness of True Union and Intimacy. The underlying fear of Intimacy and Union is the ego's fear of loss of itself, the 'personal self' and the 'personal world.
Frank Carson|I married beneath me, all women do.
Morrissey|I'm tired again, I've tried again, and now my heart is full.And I just can't explain...so I won't even try to.
Wisdom Kwashie Mensah|The world is waiting for you, never give up on your dream(s). Arise and make an impact, there are people who are just waiting for your story which will give them a turn around in their lives. It can be the message of the gospel, motivation, inspiration, etc. You need to spread that message, you CAN'T KEEP it to yourself. I dare you to Make a Difference
Amy Mowafi, Fe-mail 2|IT’S NOT THAT ANYONE CAN BE A HERO, BUT THAT A HERO CAN COME FROM ANYWHERE. BUT THE KEY IS THAT THEY HAVE TO HAVE SOMETHING INSIDE THEM. A SPARK. A SENSE OF MORALITY. A YEARNING.
Michael J Herbert|if you fooled a person, don't think he or she is a fool...it means, they trusted you more than themselves...
Walt Disney Company, Hercules|We are the cause of a world that's gone wrong. Nature will survive us, we've been wrong after all. We are the cause of a world that's gone wrong. Wouldn't it be great to heal the world with only a song? (Sky is Over)
John R.W. Stott, Basic Christianity|It's Saturday; a day off, or it's not; maybe it's a day off connected to countless days off. Some are secure, some not, some wonder. But there's a common thread; each of us having purpose; some living after learning it, some learning while living it, some looking. We are all connected in purpose, all of us loved equally by a race and gender-blind Christ walking with us in that purpose.
Roshani Chokshi, The Star-Touched Queen|Where are we going?" I asked. "The main road leads to all of the major kingdoms.""Not all of them," said Amar.
Eric Idle|At least one way of measuring the freedom of any society is the amount of comedy that is permitted, and clearly a healthy society permits more satirical comment than a repressive, so that if comedy is to function in some way as a safety release then it must obviously deal with these taboo areas. This is part of the responsibility we accord our licensed jesters, that nothing be excused the searching light of comedy. If anything can survive the probe of humour it is clearly of value, and conversely all groups who claim immunity from laughter are claiming special privileges which should not be granted.
Michael  Grant, Plague|Something moved on the grounds down beneath my window — cast a long spider of shadow out across the grass as it ran out of sight behind a hedge. When it ran back to where I could get a better look, I saw it was a dog, a young, gangly mongrel slipped off from home to find out about things went on after dark. He was sniffing digger squirrel holes, not with a notion to go digging after one but just to get an idea what they were up to at this hour. He’d run his muzzle down a hole, butt up in the air and tail going, then dash off to another. The moon glistened around him on the wet grass, and when he ran he left tracks like dabs of dark paint spattered across the blue shine of the lawn. Galloping from one particularly interesting hole to the next, he became so took with what was coming off — the moon up there, the night, the breeze full of smells so wild makes a young dog drunk — that he had to lie down on his back and roll. He twisted and thrashed around like a fish, back bowed and belly up, and when he got to his feet and shook himself a spray came off him in the moon like silver scales.
Cammie McGovern, Say What You Will|Oh God, this is my fantasy! Where those just-friend boys suddenly realize they lov
Eric Bana|Belief is nothing but a more vivid, lively, forcible, firm, steady conception of an object, than what the imagination alone is ever able to attain.
Richard Ronald Allan, Exit Eleonora|I am inclined to trust you. You shouldn’t be like that with another man, not ever; but I can’t help it. I felt it strongly from the instant I heard your voice; and though I thought momentarily that it would falter, it didn’t. It’s still here. You see, the essence of trust is not knowing a person’s motive; it’s knowing what isn’t. It’s a simple process of trial and error that gets you to the heart of a man; and once that soft voice and those light feet of yours got to moving I saw in you no measure of ill intent.
Françoise Sagan, Dans un mois, dans un an|Ah for pittie, wil ranke Winters rage,These bitter blasts neuer ginne tasswage?The keene cold blowes throug my beaten hyde,All as I were through the body gryde.My ragged rontes all shiver and shake,As doen high Towers in an earthquake:They wont in the wind wagge their wrigle tailes,Perke as Peacock: but nowe it auales.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Frank couldn't breathe underwater.But where was he?Percy turned in a full circle. Nothing. Then he glanced up. Hovering above him was a giant goldfish. Frank had turned -clothes, backpack, and all- into a koi the size of a teen-aged boy."dude." Percy sent his thoughts through the water, the way he spoke to other sea creatures. "A goldfish?"Frank's voice came back to him: "I freaked. We were talking about goldfish, so it was on my mind. Sue me.
Jeff Rice, The Night Stalker|The famous courtesan Clarimonde died recently, as the result of an orgy which lasted eight days and eight nights. It was something infernally magnificent. They revived the abominations of the feasts of Belshazzar and Cleopatra. Great God! what an age this is in which we live! The guests were served by swarthy slaves speaking an unknown tongue, who to my mind had every appearance of veritable demons; the livery of the meanest among them might have served as a gala-costume for an emperor. There have always been current some very strange stories concerning this Clarimonde, and all her lovers have come to a miserable or a violent end. It has been said that she was a ghoul, a female vampire; but I believe that she was Beelzebub in person.
John F. Kennedy|And so it is to the printing press--to the recorder of man's deeds, the keeper of his conscience, the courier of his news--that we look for strength and assistance, confident that with your help man will be what he was born to be: free and independent.
Tony Evans|I used to wonder why I had hair on my legs, but now I know it's for my toddler sons and daughters to pull themselves up off the ground with as I scream in pain.
Kirsten Gillibrand|The time I spend in the morning - praying, sipping coffee, and coming up with my list - is a ritual I relish. I have done it for so long now that I subconsciously measure whether or not the things I'm doing match with what I should be doing, what I want to be doing, and the life I want to live.
Catia M Rodrigues, Dubhán Reborn|When I read, my mind had the tendency to wander around, embroiling itself in the common points between the plots and my life, feeling empathy for the characters' inner struggles, almost as if they were merging with my personal conflicts.
François de La Rochefoucauld|How rare true love maybe, it is less so than true friendship.
Henry David Thoreau, Walking|Here is this vast, savage, howling mother of ours, Nature, lying all around, with such beauty, and such affection for her children, as the leopard; and yet we are so early weaned from her breast to society, to that culture which is exclusively an interaction of man on man -- a sort of breeding in and in, which produces at most a merely English nobility, a civilization destined to have a speedy limit.
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|The curious are always in some danger. If you are curious you might never come home, like all the men who now live with mermaids at the bottom of the sea.Or the people who found Atlantis.
|The tiniest of actions is always better than the boldest of intentions,
Charles Dickens, Hard Times|He went to work in this preparatory lesson, not unlike Morgiana in the Forty Thieves: looking into all the vessels ranged before him, one after another, to see what they contained. Say, good M’Choakumchild. When from thy boiling store, thou shalt fill each jar brim full by-and-by, dost thou think that thou wilt always kill outright the robber Fancy lurking within—or sometimes only maim him and distort him!
H.G. Wells, The Undying Fire|You have dwelt overmuch upon pain. Pain is a swift distress; it ends and is forgotten. Without memory and fear pain is nothing, a contradiction to be heeded, a warning to be taken. Without pain what would life become? Pain is the master only of craven men. It is in man's power to rule it.
Philip K. Dick|My brother was on his wayto a dental appointmentwhen the second plane hitfour stories below the officewhere he worked. He’s neversaid anything about the guywho took football bets, howhe liked to watch his secretarywalk, the friends he ate lunch with,all the funerals. Maybe, shamedby his luck, he keeps quiet,afraid someone might guesshow good he feels, breathing.
Louisa May Alcott, Jo's Boys|That night, when SanJuanna had cleared the main course and brought dessert in, my mother called for quiet and said, "Boys, I have an announcement to make. Your sister made the apple pies tonight. I'm sure we will all enjoy them very much.""Can I learn how, ma'am?" said Jim Bowie."No, J.B. Boys don't bake pies," Mother said."Why not?" he said."They have wives who make pies for them.""But I don't have a wife.""Darling, I'm sure you will have a very nice one someday when you're older, and she'll make you many pies. Calpurnia, would you care to s
Toni Sorenson|The brain is a material thing, something you can hold in your hands. The mind is an immaterial thing, something only the Universe can hold.
Orson Scott Card|I imagine it feels like bathing in ice to the person touching her. But how does it feel to her? Cold as she is, it must surely burn like fire.
Anthony Marais|He wanted to argue like this forever. This was better than nothing. There was no exhausting his anger at his father, and every word, however well intentioned or intentionally barbed, was a pull at a scab on his bloody heart. It was too late for any of this. There could ultimately be no healing. Marty had terminal cancer, and so did the two men have a cancer between them. They were terminal together, as father and son. They remained, momentarily exhausted, but it was really only that quiet between lightning and thunder as sound lags behind speed. The lightning had cracked the ground already, you just hadn't heard it yet.
Elisabeth Elliot, Let Me be a Woman|It is a naive sort of feminism that insists that women prove their ability to do all the things that men do. This is a distortion and a travesty. Men have never sought to prove that they can do all the things women do. Why subject women to purely masculine criteria? Women can and ought to be judged by the criteria of femininity, for it is in their femininity that they participate in the human race. And femininity has its limitations. So has masculinity. That is what we’ve been talking about. To do this is not to do that. To be this is not to be that. To be a woman is not to be a man. To be married is not to be single - which may mean not to have a career. To marry this man is not to marry all the others. A choice is a limitation.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Some people in orthodox churches in Africa take poverty as a path that leads to heaven, making christianity look unattractive.
Anna Torv|Before I left for Germany, I had gotten accepted to the performing arts high school in New York, which was a big dream of mine. And having to leave that was very sad for me.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|From birth to death we explore and seek, and in the end we arrive where we started, the past having made one great slow turn on a carousel to become our future, and if we have learned anything worth learning, the carousel will bring us to the one place we most need to be.
Jess Walter, Beautiful Ruins|You speak of my drinking, yet you don't know my thirst
Dorothy Stratten|In motivating people, you've got to engage their minds and their hearts. I motivate people, I hope, by example - and perhaps by excitement, by having productive ideas to make others feel involved.
Tracy March, Could've Said Yes|I’d offer you a ride, but ---“ …	“Maybe next time,” she said.	He nodded and gave her a sly grin. “Then I have something to look forward to.”	Ellie’s eyes glinted as she turned, and headed toward the spruce forest. After covering several yards, she glanced over her shoulder, and caught him staring.	“I’d say we both do.
Robert E. Webber|For years, the church has emphasized evangelism, teaching, fellowship, missions, and service to society to the neglect of the very source of its power--worship.
Donna Galanti, A Human Element|We all have something redeemable in us, no matter how small." - Laura Armstrong, A Human Element
Cora Pearl|Suddenly an unexpected series of sounds began to be heard in this place up against the starry sky. They were the notes of Oak´s flute. It came from the direction of a small dark object under the hedge - a shephard´s hut - now presenting an outline to which an unintiated person might have been puzzled to attach either meaning or use. ... Being a man not without a frequent consciousness that there was some charm in this life he led, he stood still after looking at the sky as a useful instrument, and regarded it in an appreciative spirit, as a work of art superlatively beautiful. For a moment he seemed impressed with the speaking loneliness of the scene, or rather with the complete abstraction from all its compass of the sights and sounds of man. ... Oak´s motions, though they had a quiet energy, were slow, and their deliberateness accorded well with his occupation. Fitness being the basis of beauty, nobody could have denied tha his steady swings and turns in and about the flock had elements of grace. His special power, morally, physically, and mentally, was static. ... Oak was an intensely human man: indee, his humanity tore in pieces any politic intentions of his which bordered on strategy, and carried him on as by gravitation. A shadow in his life had always been that his flock should end in mutton - that a day could find a shepherd an arrant traitor to his gentle sheep.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Half-Blood|I don't want to know about love.''But you should, my child. You need to know about love. The things people will do for love. All truths come down to love, do they not? One way or another, they do. See, there is a difference between love and need. Sometimes, what you feel is immediate and without rhyme or reason.' She sat up a little straighter. 'Two people see each across a room or their skin brushes. Their souls recognize the person as their own. It doesn’t need time to figure it. The soul always knows... whether it’s right or wrong.
Lodro Rinzler, The Buddha Walks into a Bar...: A Guide to Life for a New Generation|I travel North Pole to South Pole; just like patience, Long but still reachable.
Alice Walker, Her Blue Body Everything We Know: Earthling Poems 1965-1990 Complete|On Stripping Bark from Myself(for Jane, who said trees die from it)Because women are expected to keep silent abouttheir close escapes I will not keep silentand if I am destroyed (naked tree!) someone willpleasemark the spotwhere I fall and know I could not livesilent in my own lieshearing their 'how nice she is!'whose adoration of the retouched imageI so despise.No. I am finished with livingfor what my mother believesfor what my brother and father defendfor what my lover elevatesfor what my sister, blushing, denies or rushesto embrace.I find my ownsmall persona standing selfagainst the worldan equality of willsI finally understand.Besides:My struggle was always againstan inner darkness: I carry within myselfthe only known keysto my death – to unlock life, or close it shutforever. A woman who loves wood grains, the coloryellowand the sun, I am happy to fightall outside murderersas I see I must.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|When the boat is waiting for you, when the rows are waiting for you, when the calm sea is waiting for you, when the sun is waiting for you, when everything is ready to help you to move forward, be there or those who wait will go away!
Lailah Gifty Akita|if you can live life you believe in, you will have everything you need to reach your dream.
John Logan, Red|When I was your age, art was a lonely thing: no galleries, no collecting, no critics, no money. We didn't have mentors. We didn't have parents. We were alone. But it was a great time, because we had nothing to lose and a vision to gain.
L.L. Watkin|No thanks,” I answered, “I never take rides from strangers, thugs who've tried to kill me or people with poor personal hygiene. Congratulations, by the way, for being the first person to qualify in all three categories.
William Shakespeare|Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot.
Stewart Stafford|Great leaders lead by example, not by making an example of others.
T. E. Lawrence|They that are intoxicated by self-conceit have interposed themselves between it and the Divine and infallible Physician. Witness how they have entangled all men, themselves included, in the mesh of their devices. They can neither discover the cause of the disease, nor have they any knowledge of the remedy.
Debasish Mridha|When our thoughts, our words, and our deeds are for happiness then we are happy.
Richard J. Borden, Ecology and Experience: Reflections from a Human Ecological Perspective|She'd asked him what it was like to be in there, doing nothing but then being woken up to speak to somebody you couldn't see. He'd said that it was like being woken from a deep and satisfying sleep, to be asked questions while you kept your eyes closed. He was quite happy. Sight was over-rated anyway.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|Start by loving, instead of needing.
Lawrence Durrell, The Alexandria Quartet|I stared at the stop sign and even though I was only five I thought, I will remember that stop sign for the rest of my life. The dents and the bumps, the colors and the shape, the three-fingered, black scuff and long silver scrape - even the dirty gray sky behind it. Days will go by and I will grow old but from time to time the image of this stop sign will come to my mind and I will think about it and remember what I was thinking at this exact time. I even remember thinking that I was awfully young to have such a profound thought and premonition but there it was.
Mrs. Oliphant|Fashions fade, style is eternal.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|Young girls frequently report that their early sexual experiences were coerced. In a study in South Africa, 30 percent of girls report that their first sexual intercourse was forced. In rural Malawi, 55 percent of adolescent girls surveyed report that they were often forced to have sex.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|Globalization by the way of McDonald’s and KFC has captured the hearts, the minds, and from what I can see through the window, the growing bellies of the folks here.
Ron Chernow, Alexander Hamilton|Life isn't like a Full House episode. There isn't going to be an easy out to every conflict. There is no milkman, paperboy, or evening TV. There are good moments and bad moments and not everything will tie together nicely in the end. But that's life, and I think I'm finally starting to get it.
Ron Brackin|The key to the mystery of a great artist is that for reasons unknown, he will give away his energies and his life just to make sure that one note follows another…and leaves us with the feeling that something is right in the world.”—
Heidi Priebe|Here’s the stark truth about the person who is right for you: They want the same lifestyle that you do. How do I know this? Because that is, by definition, what makes them right for you. To be with someone whose eyes light up when yours do, whose heart races when your blood also pounds, who is enticed and inspired by the same forces that drive you forward, is a gift many of us never truly get to experience.Because we settle. We settle for the person we love over the person who could push us – to be bigger, stronger, greater versions of ourselves. We tell ourselves that love is enough. That it conquers everything. But we forget that love shouldn’t be the thing that conquers our lives – we should be. And we should do it deliberately, triumphantly, by the side of somebody who shares all of our joys and successes.So how do we meet such a person? That’s simple – we do more of what we love. We give ourselves up to uncertainty, to searching, to pursuing what we want out of life without the certainty of having someone beside us while we do it. We throw ourselves wholeheartedly into the things that we love and we consequently attract the people who love what we love. Who value what we prioritize. Who appreciate all that we are. We throw ourselves into the heart of possibility instead of staying comfortably settled inside of certainty. Because we owe it to ourselves to do so. We owe it to ourselves to live the greatest life that we’re capable of living, even if that means that we have to be alone for a very long time.At the end of the day, love is wonderful but it isn’t enough to make up for an entire lifetime of compromising your core values. You don’t want to spend forever gazing into somebody’s eyes expecting to find all of the answers you need inside of them. Wait for the person who is gazing outward in the same direction as you are.It’s going to make all of the difference in the world
Connie Kerbs|In the most surreal, the most joyful, the most beautiful, the most intense, the most alive moments of life, you are absorbed into the horizon which is at its most invisible, elusive, perfect blend of sky and sea.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|Remember, I was only in to fighting; I wasn’t a high-ranking underworld figure selling the Crown Jewels! I wasn’t the Merthyr Mafia and I had no connections with the goings on of petty criminal matters.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|As parents we carry the blueprints, the dreams of what our family could be. The plans change, the whole thing goes way over budget, there are unexpected additions, and the work never ends. Still, through the messiness of construction we see each other with such depth and hope. Our five year-old boy is still so clearly the baby he once was and sometimes—can you see it?—the young man he will one day be. We draw energy and inspiration from our dreams; our simple, common motivations. --SIMPLICITY PARENTING
Alessandra Ambrosio|When I announced the development of Perl 6, I said it was going to be a community design. I designed Perl, myself. It's limited by my own brain power. So I wanted Perl 6 to be a community design.
Thomas Wolfe, Look Homeward, Angel|We do not want to be told what we know. We do not want to call things by their names, although we're willing to call one another bad ones. We call meanness nobility and hatred honor. The way to make yourself a hero is to make me out a scoundrel. You won't admit that either, but it's true.
Anasazi Foundation, The Seven Paths: Changing One's Way of Walking in the World|At the end of our lives, when our bodies are about to be laid in Mother Earth, we will know for ourselves whether we are a Two-Legged being full of light or a Two-Legged being full of darkness.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|There's a certain amount of ambiguity in my background, what with intermarriages and conversions, but under various readings of three codes which I don’t much respect (Mosaic Law, the Nuremberg Laws, and the Israeli Law of Return) I do qualify as a member of the tribe, and any denial of that in my family has ceased with me. But I would not remove myself to Israel if it meant the continuing expropriation of another people, and if anti-Jewish fascism comes again to the Christian world—or more probably comes at us via the Muslim world—I already consider it an obligation to resist it wherever I live. I would detest myself if I fled from it in any direction. Leo Strauss was right. The Jews will not be 'saved' or 'redeemed.' (Cheer up: neither will anyone else.) They/we will always be in exile whether they are in the greater Jerusalem area or not, and this in some ways is as it should be. They are, or we are, as a friend of Victor Klemperer's once put it to him in a very dark time, condemned and privileged to be 'a seismic people.' A critical register of the general health of civilization is the status of 'the Jewish question.' No insurance policy has ever been devised that can or will cover this risk.
Jen Turano, A Most Peculiar Circumstance|My grandfather will adore you.""Because...?""You're not normal.""I see we're back to trading insults.""I meant that as a compliment.
Richard Wright, Black Boy|Work for purpose, be for others.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|Who're you going with, then?" said Ron."Angelina," said Fred promptly, without a trace of embarrassment."What?" said Ron, taken aback. "You've already asked her?""Good point," said Fred. He turned his head and called across the common room, "Oi! Angelina!"Angelina, who had been chatting with Alicia Spinnet near the fire, looked over at him."What?" She called back."Want to come to the ball with me?"Angelina gave Fred a sort of appraising look."All right, then," she said, and she turned back to Alicia and carried on chatting with a bit of a grin on her face."There you go," said Fred to Harry and Ron, "piece of cake.
H.L. Mencken, On Politics: A Carnival of Buncombe|As democracy is perfected, the office of president represents, more and more closely, the inner soul of the people. On some great and glorious day the plain folks of the land will reach their heart's desire at last and the White House will be adorned by a downright moron.
Pete Hautman|Writing is something I do everyday. If I waited for inspiration, I’d never get anything done.
H.E. Davey, The Japanese Way of the Artist: Living the Japanese Arts & Ways, Brush Meditation, The Japanese Way of the Flower|Japanese had never seen a Western-style circus, and most of them had probably never seen foreigners, either.
Ian Fleming, Moonraker|Everybody who is alive is a survivor, and everybody who is dead isn't," I said."So everybody alive must have the Survivor's Syndrome. It's that or death. I am so damn sick of people telling me proudly that they are survivors!
Anthony T. Hincks|To stand on a mountain top, you must first create the mountain.
Ben Fountain, Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk|Life is filled with rhythms-day and night, hot and cold, summer and winter, spring and fall, cloudy and clear. Likewise in a relationship, men and women have their own rhythms and cycles.
Deepak Chopra, Super Brain: Unleashing the Explosive Power of Your Mind to Maximize Health, Happiness, and Spiritual Well-Being|If an epileptic seizure is focused in a particular sweet spot in the temporal lobe, a person won´t have motor seizures, but instead something more subtle. The effect is something like a cognitive seizure, marked by changes of personality, hyperreligiosity (an obsession with religion and feelings of religious certainity), hypergraphia (extensive writing on a subject, usually about religion), the false sense of an external presence, and, often, the hearing voices that are attributed to a god. Some fraction of history´s prophets, martyrs, and leaders appear to have had temporal lobe epilepsy.When the brain activity is kindled in the right spot, people hear voices. If a physician prescribes an anti-epileptic medication, the seizures go away and the voices disappear. Our reality depends on what our biology is up to.
John Milton|From morn to noon he fell, from noon to dewy eve, a summer's day; and with the setting sun dropped from the zenith like a falling star.
Romain Rolland, Jean Christophe Vol I|Islands of memory begin to rise above the river of his life. At first they are little uncharted islands, rocks just peeping above the surface of the waters. Round about them and behind in the twilight of the dawn stretches the great untroubled sheet of water; then new islands, touched to gold by the sun.
J.P. Ashman, Black Cross|Long has black powder been in the hands of dwarves alone. Alas, winds ever change and nothing remains the same forever.Lord Arrlo Salkeld
Ana Sáez González|Smart people have the brains, but stupid people have the balls
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|The living are made of nothing but flaws. The dead, with each passing day in the afterlife, become more and more impeccable to those who remain earthbound.
Mary E. Pearson, The Fox Inheritance|It's other people who make us wise, and I haven't known nearly enough.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|I was taking something away from her, although she didn't know it. I was filching. Never mind that it was something she apparently didn't want or had no use for, had rejected even; still, it was hers, and if I took it away, this mysterious "it" I couldn't quite define.
Félix J. Palma, The Map of Time|There is sometimes a fine line between a cop and a criminal. What drives their personality may be the same, and they have simply chosen different roles and professions to call their own."Dr. ML Rapier PhD, Clinical Psychologist.
Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving|Well, at least this is what I told myself every day as I fell asleep with the fire still burning and the moon shining high up in the sky and my head spinning comforting from two bottles of wine, and I smiled with tears in my eyes because it was beautiful and so god damn sad and I did not know how to be one of those without the other.
Douglas Coupland, Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated Culture|Anti-sabbatical: A job taken with the sole intention of staying only for a limited period of time (often one year). The intention is usually to raise enough funds to partake in another, more personally meaningful activity such as watercolor sketching in Crete or designing computer knit sweaters in Hong Kong. Employers are rarely informed of intentions
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|It’s not unpatriotic to denounce an injustice committed on our behalf, perhaps it’s the most patriotic thing we can do.
Henry Johnson Jr|Be gentle, kind and loving as often as you possibly can.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Righteousness is of God, the righteous Ruler.
Debasish Mridha|Your love is blissful, graceful, and divine. When it touches me, it burns me with joy to purify.
Holly Bourne, Am I Normal Yet?|But I know that if I don't at least try, I'll stay the way I am till it kills me. Till I kill me, I mean. I never really accept that that's what I'm doing - I say it, but I don't believe it.
Philip Zimbardo|ROIers are always reaching out to me to share their appreciation for the experiences, opportunities and connections we have provided and also to express their excitement about taking the next step in their leadership journey.
Stormie Omartian, The Power of a Praying Woman|There is no neutral position in the Lord. You are either becoming more like Christ every day or you’re becoming less like Him. That’s because whether you realize it or not, you’re never standing still.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|A miscreant with coiffed, scented hair, a slender waist, the hips of a woman and the chest of a Prussian officer, with a finely tied cravat, by all girls admired. ~ [introduction of character Montparnasse]
Ilona Andrews, Bayou Moon|She surveyed the carnage behind him. "Did you have fun?"He showed her his teeth. "Yes.
Frances Hardinge, The Lie Tree|Myrtle shook her head. "I told myself that I was lucky," she said. "Your father never struck me, never drank and if he had mistresses he had the good grace to be discreet. He provided for me and my children, and yet I tried, year after year, to make myself his companion. The doors never opened, Faith. In the end I lost hope. Ah, but I cannot complain!" Myrtle swatted away the past with one delicate little hand. "It has made me what I am. When every door is closed, one learns to climb through windows. Human nature, I suppose.
Florence Griffith Joyner|Tango is a truth drug. It lays bare your problems and your complexes, but also the strengths you hide from others so as not to vex them. It shows what a couple can be for each other, how they can listen to each other. People who only want to listen to themselves will hate tango.
Jason Najum, Delusions of Grandeur|Do I have any recommendations for a Sadiri boys' night out?" I shrugged, smiled, and allowed myself a laugh. "I can come up with somet
Henry B. Eyring|This is the kingdom of God on the earth. Because of that, it has a power beyond any other endeavor in which humans can engage. That power depends on the faith of those called to serve in it.
Edgar Allan Poe, Berenice|In the strange anomaly of my existence, feelings with me had never been of the heart, and my passions always were of the mind.
Jean-Michel Jarre|From the first album, Led Zeppelin was always going to be a totally new approach from what had gone before - whether it was approaching the blues or folk music like 'Babe I'm Gonna Leave You': nothing existed like that.
Erica Sehyun Song, The Pax Valley|Although nobody could ever know about our friendship, that wasn’t going to stop us from being together.
Suzette R. Hinton|Owning the sound--Wow!--that is what brings joy to every step. That is what causes people to wake up every morning excited about their day. That is what leaves them energized rather than exhausted like before. There is a sound. And as your coach, I help you to go from cosigning on everybody else’s sound to owning your own sound.
Robin Wall Kimmerer, Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge, and the Teachings of Plants|One cannot help but identify with the life-giving quality of water, not just to quench our thirst, but for our emotional and spiritual wellbeing.
Oscar Wilde|All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players: they have their exits and their entrances; and one man in his time plays many parts, his acts being seven ages.
Kourtney Kardashian|Sometimes, it's hard to separate manager mode from mom mode. I think, as our manager, my mom will get more emotional about situations than she would if she was just our manager.
Simon Van Booy|Every day is like Halloween or Christmas eve for me. I go to bed, and I'm so excited to get back to work. I'm very lucky that I have a career like that 'cause not many people do.
Eric McCormack|If you go back to your home town or you're reunited with school friends, its always slightly bittersweet because as much as there's nice things in terms of seeing them again, the town has changed without you, and you're no longer a part of it.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Young love-making--that gossamer web! Even the points it clings to--the things whence its subtle interlacing are swung--are scarcely perceptible; momentary touches of finger-tips, meetings of rays from blue and dark orbs, unfinished phrases, lightest changes of cheek and lip, faintest tremors. The web itself is made of spontaneous beliefs and indefinable joys, yearnings of one life to another, visions of completeness, indefinite trust.
Caitlin Doughty|The great triumph (or horrible tragedy, depending on how you look at it) of being human is that our brains have evolved over hundreds of thousands of years to understand our mortality. We are, sadly, self-aware creatures. Even if we move through the day finding creative ways to deny our mortality, no matter how powerful, loved, or special we may feel, we know we are ultimately doomed to death and decay. This is a mental burden shared by precious few other species on Earth.
Harlan Coben, Tell No One|I blinked and the images were gone. But I remembered how the laugh and the howl and the splash would ripple and echo in the stillness of our lake, and I wondered if ripples and echoes like those ever fully die away, if somewhere in the woods my father's joyful yelps still bounced quietly off the trees. Silly thought, but there you go.
Leslie Austin, A Fox Called Woff|It takes an aeon to shift position, get comfortable, let alonecreate a wave in this fishbowl full of glue.- from the poem 'Critical Mass
Bernard Knox, The Oldest Dead White European Males & Other Reflections on the Classics|I have to have a degree of not doing a degree"!
Mike Binder|I was never jailed. The fact is that I was arrested, but I went into a diversion programme, and by that time I'd already begun working in what was called anger management. It was a painful and awful moment.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Cetaganda|The men and women of England who abolished slavery, created the educational system, or gave women the vote were not acting on the hypotheses of what the voters wanted. They were afire with faith in what people ought to want and in the end they persuaded their lethargic compatriots to give them enough support to warrant a change.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|When God's goodness touches our lives, it's called "grace.
Gemma Malley, The Legacy|Figuring out the secret of the universe is like trying to read a brand after the steer's been made into hamburger."~Will Durham from Crossroads, A Music Novel
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Lord gives even more grace, so you can endure the test of time.
Susan C. Young|Meeting someone for the first time has significance, but for some people, the awkwardness can be so great that they avoid a conversation altogether. The person who may be shy, introverted, or afraid of sounding stupid may just choose to remain silent rather than take the risk of engaging in embarrassing dialogue.
Hunter S. Thompson|Painting is a lie. It's the most magic of all media, the most transcendent. It makes space where there is no space.
Winston S. Churchill|We seek no treasure, we seek no territorial gains, we seek only the right of man to be free; we seek his rights to worship his god, to lead his life in his own way, secure from persecution. As the humble labourer returned from his work when the day is don, and sees the smoke curling upwards from his cottage home in the serene evening sky, we wish him to know that no rat-a-tat of the secret police upon his door will disturb his leisure or interrupt his rest.
Roy T. Bennett|Whenever something bad happens, keep calm, take a few deep breaths and shift the focus to something positive.
Lascelles Abercrombie|My experience in Amsterdam is that cyclists ride where the hell they like and aim in a state of rage at all pedestrians while ringing their bell loudly, the concept of avoiding people being foreign to them.
Rachilde, Monsieur Venus: A Materialist Novel|No, no, don't let my vulnerable heart share in this sacrifice to lust! Let him disgust me before pleasing me! Let him be what others have been, an instrument that I can break before becoming the echoes of its vibration.
Nikki Rowe|If I learned something it was the ride of life, it is fun and crazy.
Albrecht Durer|I loved Belle in 'Beauty and the Beast.' I just wanted to be her. I'm a brunette, so I think I kind of cling to all those princesses that have brown hair. I just wanted to be them.
Jenson Button|Faith can make no appeal to reason or the fitness of things; its appeal is to the Word of God, and whatever is therein revealed, faith accepts as true.
Sax Rohmer, Dope|The same as a cigarette?" asked Rita excitedly, as Mrs. Sin bent over her."The same, but very, very gentle.
Rabindranath Tagore|The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough.
Eileen A. Soper|Lord, make me nowAs happy as the field.With flowers enriched...
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|No matter the nature of your individuality, you can nurture a better identity and have a mature positively rewarding life.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
Gail Honeyman, Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine|Why waste the space on a stack of half-read books and periodicals, when you could turn your nightstand into a tactical toolbox?
Michaela Carter, Further Out Than You Thought: A Novel|Outside the Bar Del Prado, night was coming on like a hopeless, drunken come-on, tequila on its breath, red neon signs and, outside the shops, strings of colored Christmas lights hung from the eaves like the sad, close-lipped smiles of boys who would lure you in with their loneliness, that melancholia you'd try and try to fix.
Nick Clegg|Government is nothing more than the combined force of society or the united power of the multitude for the peace, order, safety, good, and happiness of the people... There is no king or queen bee distinguished from all the others by size or figure or beauty and variety of colors in the human hive. No man has yet produced any revelation from heaven in his favor, any divine communication to govern his fellow men. Nature throws us all into the world equal and alike... The preservation of liberty depends upon the intellectual and moral character of the people. As long as knowledge and virtue are diffused generally among the body of a nation it is impossible they should be enslaved. Ambition is one of the more ungovernable passions of the human heart. The love of power is insatiable and uncontrollable... There is a danger from all men. The only maxim of a free government ought to be to trust no man living wth power to endanger public liberty.
Gail Carriger, Curtsies & Conspiracies|I told her if she really cared about me, then she’d let me do whatever I wanted for my birthday, just like Mom did when I was twelve.”“What happened when you were twelve?”“Oh, Mom offered to take us all out for dinner—us girls, Dad was out of town—to celebrate, but I didn’t want to. This book I’d been waiting for had just come out, and the only thing I wanted to do was read it all night.”“My God,” I said, touching the top of her nose. “You’re adorable.”She swatted me away. “Anyway, Carly and Zoe really wanted to go out so that they could score a meal, but Mom just said, ‘It’s her birthday. Let her do whatever she wants.’”“Your mom is cool.
Hunter S. Thompson|I notice that young men go to the universities in order to become doctors or philosophers or anything, so long as it is a title, and that many go in for those professions who are utterly unfit for them, while others who would be very competent are prevented by business or their daily cares, which keep them away from letters.
Roger Hedden, Bodies, Rest and Motion.|When you don't know where you're going, you drive on the highway.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Your habits and hygiene demonstrate how you feel about yourself. Without saying a word, they speak for you.
Anonymous|Androma was good at what she did. But so was Dex.Besides, a prodigy could only outrun her master for so long.
Connor Franta, A Work in Progress|I grew it - sorry, drew it - for this book, if for no other reason than to illustrate the old saying that the apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
Richelle E. Goodrich|Born on straw at nightunder low stable rafters,Baby Jesus cried.
William Makepeace Thackeray, The History of Pendennis: His Fortunes And Misfortunes, His Friends And His Greatest Enemy|It may be whispered to those uninitiated people who are anxious to know the habits and make the acquaintance of men of letters, that there are no race of people who talk about books, or, perhaps, who read books, so little as literary men.
Cornelia Funke, Inkheart|The night belongs to beasts of prey, and always has. It's easy to forget that when you're indoors, protected by light and solid walls.
Kristen Kehoe, Dropping In|We can ask for forgiveness, from a god, from a friend, a lover, even ourselves. We can ask for forgiveness from all of the people we’ve wronged, but we can never get back the one thing we’re truly hoping to find when we asked: our innocence—the person we were before that piece of us was taken, ripped away and shattered at our feet, leaving us to learn how to pick ourselves back up and move past it.
Peter Swanson|Killing one person was murder; killing a few or dozens was ore murder; so killing thousands or tens of thousands ought to be punished by putting the murderer to death a thousand times. What about more than that? a few hundred thousand? The death penalty, right? Yet, those of you who know some history are starting to hesitate. What if he killed millions? I can guarantee you such a person would not be considered a murderer. Indeed, such a person may not even be thought to have broken any law. If you don't believe me, just study history! Anyone who has killed millions is deemed a 'great' man, a hero.And if that person destroyed a whole world and killed every life on it--he would be hailed as a savior!
Nicholas Sparks|The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more, that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds. And that's what you've given me. That's what I'd hoped to give you forever
Howard Zinn, A People's History of the United States|Slavery was immensely profitable to some masters. James Madison told a British visitor shortly after the American Revolution that he could make 257 dollars on every (black slave) in a year, and spend only 12 or 13 dollars on his keep.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Dandelions: The Disappearance of Annabelle Fancher|While you judge me by my outward appearance I am silently doing the same to you, even though there's a ninety-percent chance that in both cases our assumptions are wrong.
Diana Gabaldon|Conflict and character are the heart of good fiction, and good mystery has both of those in spades.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I have an inward treasure born with me, which can keep me alive if all extraneous delights should be withheld, or offered only at a price I cannot afford to give.
Debasish Mridha|Your mission on earth is to transform, transcend and transpire.
Daniel I. Block, The Book of Ezekiel, Chapters 1-24|This principle is taught in Scripture: "We love because he first loved us" (1 John 4:19). In other words, we learn to be loving because we are loved. Grace must come from the outside for us to be able to develop it inside. The opposite side of this truth is that we can't love when we aren't loved. And, taking the thinking further, we can't value or treasure our souls when they haven't been valued or treasured.
Walter Lord|I got my first camera when I was 21 - my boyfriend gave it to me for my birthday - but at that point politics was my life, and I viewed the camera as a tool for expressing my political beliefs rather than as an art medium.
Kim Harrison, Into the Woods: Tales from the Hollows and Beyond|Without warning he had become witness to something that stretched back through the eons, ties both elastic and enduring, surpassing death, surpassing life. She was his child. It was as simple as that and that complex.
Whoopi Goldberg|Art and life are subjective. Not everybody's gonna dig what I dig, but I reserve the right to dig it.
Truman Capote, Breakfast at Tiffany's|Don't wanna sleep, don't wanna die, just wanna go a-travelin' through the pastures of the sky.
Carrie Brownstein|Along with a sense of humor, my songs have to be sincere, and they have to be sung from a position of inner conviction.
Chanakya|Everyone has highs and lows that they have to learn from, but every morning I start off with a good head on my shoulders, saying to myself, 'It's going to be a good day!'.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Discourse on the Origin of Inequality|I understood at those times what I was leaving behind: the solidarity of a shared biology. Women know what it means to have a body. They understand its difficulties and frailties, its glories and pleasures. Men think their bodies are theirs alone. They tend them in private, even in public.
Alan W. Watts|A priest once quoted to me the Roman saying that a religion is dead when the priests laugh at each other across the altar. I always laugh at the altar, be it Christian, Hindu, or Buddhist, because real religion is the transformation of anxiety into laughter.
Rosen Topuzov|Love forever, love is free
Gautama Buddha|These... things, householder, are welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world:Long life is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world.Beauty is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world.Happiness is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world.Status is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world....Now, I tell you, these... things are not to be obtained by reason of prayers or wishes. If they were to be obtained by reason of prayers or wishes, who here would lack them? It's not fitting for the disciple of the noble ones who desires long life to pray for it or to delight in doing so. Instead, the disciple of the noble ones who desires long life should follow the path of practice leading to long life. In so doing, he will attain long l
Thomas Jefferson|Whatever enables us to go to war, secures our peace
Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Nomad: From Islam to America: A Personal Journey Through the Clash of Civilizations|It is easy to be disgruntled if you are denied rights and freedoms to which you feel entitled. But if you are not coherent, if you cannot put into words what it is that displeases you and why it is unfair and should change, then you are dismissed as an unreasonable whiner. You may be lectured about perseverance and patience, life as a test, the need to accept the higher wisdom of others.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you can actually measure your day by how much time is converted into products, then you are a great force on the earth.
Iris Murdoch|I directed the men in our barque to approach near the savages, and hold their arms in readiness to do their duty in case they notice any movement of these people against us.
Julianne Malveaux|We have to examine the extent to which we export poverty to other societies. When we decide that we will import products from China that are produced by people earning less than a dollar an hour, and grant their country most-favored-nation status (political contributions notwithstanding), we are deciding to make American workers who must earn the minimum wage compete with them. I am not suggesting that we close the doors to China or to Mexico, but I am suggesting that we look very carefully at the web of international relationships that we are creating. At the very minimum, we should understand that we have two choices in our country: we can raise world living standards by exporting those standards, or we can lower living standards- not only the world’s but also our own- by deciding that it is acceptable for the products of exploited labor to enter this country.
J.M. Northup, A Prisoner Within|When Gregory says, ‘Are they guilty?’ he means, ‘Did they do it?’ But when he says, ‘Are they guilty?’ he means, ‘Did the court find them so?’ The lawyer’s world is entire unto itself, the human pared away.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Joy is a choice, not an outcome.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You may have been born on the rubbish damp. But be careful not to believe that the rubbish damp was born in you! Your environment may try to set conditions that may attempt their fingers on crippling you. But you got to stand and say "I thank you Lord that I am rising against and above my limitations
Stephanie Bedwell-Grime, The Deadwalk|While his brain lay slowly dying, Bevan felt his body come back to life.
Chloe Thurlow, Girl Trade|Man was not born to be monogamous. What has changed in the 21st century – at 21 the world surely has come of age – is the understanding that woman is not meant to be monogamous either. Just as love hurts, new love heals.
Todd Stocker|In prayer, God doesn’t want your words, he wants your heart. He doesn’t track your eloquence, he treasures your soul.
Brooke Hampton|I should tell you something about what happens after I play.""What's that?"He pulled her back into his arms. "I get excited...
I.E. Castellano, Bow of the Moon|Each man must for himself alone decide what is right and what is wrong, which course is patriotic and which isn't. You cannot shirk this and be a man. To decide against your conviction is to be an unqualified and excusable traitor, both to yourself and to your country, let men label you as they may.
Graham Joyce, Some Kind of Fairy Tale|Twenty years is, after all, a long time. We are not the same people we were. Old friends, lovers, even family members: they are strangers who happen to wear a familiar face. We have no right to claim to know anyone after such a distance.
Gustave Flaubert, The Letters, 1830-1880|We are going to die, and that makes us the lucky ones. Most people are never going to die because they are never going to be born.
Angelina Jolie|I think it's huge, especially in team sports, for players to be able to rely on each other and to really trust in each other.
Victor LaValle, Big Machine|Before September 11, the skinny, jittery black guy made security think one thing: drug mule. But after the attacks, security only cared about bombs. So it was the Arab guys, the Puerto Ricans and Indians, even white men, that got searched. I was too dark to make people worry on a plane. Still caused fear in elevators.
Keith Ablow, Murder Suicide|Deep down, everyone wants the truth.
Robert Zeidan|Don't ever let anyone bring you down, define who you are or destroy your AWESOMENESS.
Karim El Kholoki|Luke said that he was surprised when I showed up at his room. That he hadn’t meant to give me the wrong idea. That he would never have taken it beyond just kissing. And he looked so genuine. So trustworthy. So sorry about what had happened. He almost convinced me that I’d misread his signals.” Hallelujah pauses. “The whole time, I kept my mouth shut. I wish I hadn’t. But I was still so humiliated. And I felt guilty. I made out with him. I liked it. And no one made me go to his room.”Her voice breaks. She has to swallow past a lump in her throat.“I know Luke’s not a good guy. I know what he did isn’t my fault. It’s his. But still, none of it would’ve happened if I hadn’t gone to his room.”She’s almost there. Almost done. Almost heard. Something deep inside her hurts like it hasn’t hurt in a long time. But she knows that this gash had to reopen in order to heal. That’s how wounds work. They need air.“I knew I’d get punished, and I did. My parents grounded me. I was put on youth group probation. But I honestly thought Luke’s lies would just fade away if I kept a low profile. There’s always gossip about someone. This time it was me.”...“Luke is still telling people about what supposedly happened that night,” Hallelujah says. “And he makes fun of me. All the time. What I look like, what I say, my name. And he does this thing at church: whenever we sing a hymn with my name in it, he sings it like he’s hooking up with me. He sings the word ‘hallelujah’ at me. He moans it. And I hate it.” That’s one of the reasons she stopped singing: his voice, his fake grunts of satisfaction, ruining the music she loved so much.“You said,” she says to Jonah, “he wanted to keep me upset. To keep me from telling anyone what really happened. Well, it worked.” She pauses. “Until now.”“Until now,” Rachel repeats. Then she curses. “I can’t believe him. I can’t believe he got away with it.”“I let him get away with it,” Hallelujah says softly.“No. He’s the one who crossed the line. And okay, maybe you could’ve spoken up sooner. But if no one pushed you for your side of the story, that’s on them.” Rachel yawns and stretches. “And when we get home, we’re going to set the record straight.
Sanchita Pandey, Cancer to Cure|Switch over to the right channel in your life --- positive attitude, right kind of food, right people and positive conversations.
Jeff Miller|I love presents, But since I've gotten older, I haven't really wanted anything. Christmas is about family.
Abhishek Kumar, Stardust Family - We Are One!|If you want to be loved, LOVE. If you want to be understood, UNDERSTAND. If you want peace, MAKE PEACE. If you want light, LIGHT. If you want to be seen, SHINE. If you want to be heard, LISTEN. You can only take so much, you gotta give. YOU ONLY GET WHAT YOU GIVE. ~ UNIVERSE LOVES YOU & SO DO I ❤ #StardustAK ❤
Walter Raleigh|False love, desire, and beauty frail, adieu! Dead is the root whence all these fancies grew.
Brian Richardson|There is no Christianity unless first there is repentance. And it is not just, “Well, I am guilty.” It is not just a conviction. It is a conviction plus a desire to turn away from those things.
Robert Griffin III|Even though I started off being interested in news, and I spent 13 years of my career working in television sports, I always was passionate about television and movies.
Jonathan Weiner, Long For This World: The Strange Science of Immortality|It's almost as if each instant is our last and first. We are always dying, and always reborn. And that is living.
bell hooks, Ain't I a Woman: Black Women and Feminism|The process begins with the individual woman’s acceptance that American women, without exception, are socialized to be racist, classist and sexist, in varying degrees, and that labeling ourselves feminists does not change the fact that we must consciously work to rid ourselves of the legacy of negative socialization.
Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy, Out of Revolution: Autobiography of Western Man|The claim to equality, outside of the strictly political field, is made only by those who feel themselves to be in some way inferior.
Grace Willows, To  Kiss a King|Believe in YourselfWhy must we see something to believe in its existence?The wind itself cannot be seen by man, but all have felt it's gentle touch and watched the mighty trees bow as it swept past.We cannot see love yet its nurturing warmth is the essence of our being and sorrow can touch our very soul.  For remorse is like a ripple on the ocean, once given it remains only in the heart of the receiver.Yet all of these cannot be seen only felt. Why then do you doubt your self-worth? For though it cannot cast a reflection in the mirror you have only to look in the eyes of those you love toSee it clearly.Prologue To Kiss a KingTo Kiss a King Copyright © 2017 by Julie Brookshier and Robin WoodsAll rights reserved. Except for use in a review, the reproduction or use of this work in whole or in part in any form is forbidden without written permission of one or more of the authors.This is a fictional work. Names, characters, places, and events are merely the product of the authors' imaginations or used fictitiously, purely for entertainment purposes. Any resemblance to actual persons, living, dead, or undead or any business establishments, events or places past, present, or future, is entirely coincidental.
Dada Bhagwan|If you walk around proudly when someone greets you with respect or says, ‘welcome, welcome’, you will suffer a loss, right? Here, it was the other person’s duty [social obligation] to welcome you, but you shouldn’t fall short. So you should immediately check your balance-sheet (of karma) to find out where you sustained a loss!
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|There was such glittering darkness in her, an endless rift straight through her core
Tommy Hilfiger|When I decided to launch my first knitwear line, it was because I saw a void in the basics category. The editors were always looking for cool, fashion-forward tees and sweaters. So that's where I started.
Robert Frost|A poem begins as a lump in the throat, a sense of wrong, a homesickness, a lovesickness.
Douglas Coupland|Science - or the products of science like technology - is just a way of achieving something real, something that happens, something that works.
Mari Mancusi, Once Upon A Vampire|Moving closer, Dana cupped Aidan’s face in both hands. His jaw was as smooth as it looked. His skin warm. His eyes tormented. Her pulse picked up at the contact.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our families cannot choose Christ for us. Our friends cannot do it. God is a great God, but even God can’t make the decision for us . . .we have to make our own choice.
|You can achieve a lot of unimaginable great things in life, but only under the condition of not allowing your negative thoughts and beliefs to stand in your way.
Shelley K. Wall|Today is About Life - it's the only day you are sure of - live it to it's fullest as you don't know if there is a tomorrow." - 2013
Evan Thomas, Robert Kennedy: His Life|Always do what you're afraid to do"-Robert F. Kennedy
Suzanne Collins|All the interests of my reason, speculative as well as practical, combine in the three following questions: 1. What can I know? 2. What ought I to do? 3. What may I hope?
William Wordsworth, Lines Composed a Few Miles Above Tintern Abbey|For I have learned to look on nature, not as in the hour of thoughtless youth; but hearing oftentimes the still, sad music of humanity.
Roger Bacon, The Opus Majus of Roger Bacon|If in other sciences we should arrive at certainty without doubt and truth without error, it behooves us to place the foundations of knowledge in mathematics...
Salvador Dali|The Apology opened the opportunity for a new relationship based on mutual respect and mutual responsibility between Indigenous and non-Indigenous Australia. Because without mutual respect and mutual responsibility, the truth is we can achieve very little.
Jane Cousins, Two For The Show|Ice Man, his friends had called him. She'd give him a different nickname, like Sex on a Stick or Horny Toad.
Scott Adams|The hardworking men and women of this country identify with my father. He is tough, and he is persevering. He is honest, and he is real. He's an optimist, and he's a relentless believer in America and all of her potential. He loves his family, and he loves his country with his heart and his soul.
Deyth Banger|Your reward will be the widening of the horizon as you climb. And if you achieve that reward, you will ask no other.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr.|My mother early on taught us to respect all animals, and I mean all animals - not just cats and dogs but rats and snakes and spiders and fish and wildlife, so I really grew up believing they are just like us and just as deserving of consideration.
Alena Graedon, The Word Exchange|Words don’t always work. Sometimes they come up short. Conversations can lead to conflict. There are failures of diplomacy. Some differences, for all the talk in the world, remain irreconcilable. People make empty promises, go back on their word, say things they don’t believe. But connection, with ourselves and others, is the only way we can live.
George W. Bush|I think people involved in politics make good actors. Acting and politics both involve fooling people. People like being fooled by actors. When you get right down to it, they probably like being fooled by politicians even more. A skillful actor will make you think, but a skillful politician will make you never have to think.
Debasish Mridha|Problems come to our life not to give us pain, but to make us humble, kind, strong and fearless.
Christophe Galfard, The Universe in Your Hand: A Journey Through Space, Time, and Beyond|Whenever a child is born, a potential power that may consciously change the universe is born!
Tony Curl|Your self-imposed prison. That think called your COMFORT ZONE. Challenge it, stretch it. You will thank yourself.
Ness Kingsley, The Curse of Cackling Meadows|As different as a moonbeam from lightning, or frost from fire.
Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace Who You Are|Fitting in is about assessing a situation and becoming who you need to be to be accepted. Belonging, on the other hand, doesn’t require us to change who we are; it requires us to be who we are.
William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice|The man that hath no music in himself, Nor is not moved with concord of sweet sounds, Is fit for treasons, stratagems, and spoils; The motions of his spirit are dull as night, And his affections dark as Erebus. Let no such man be trusted. Mark the music.
Yash|The Lord made what was once the desolation of the Palestine Mandate fertile again, as modern-day Israel, and if He so wills it, He will do the same for the Ilemi Triangle, for his own glory. The desert will bloom.
Flannery O'Connor|People without hope not only don't write novels, but what is more to the point, they don't read them.
Paulo Coelho, The Valkyries|He knew one of the women well, and had shared his universe with her. They had seen the same mountains, and the same trees, although each of them had seem them differently. She knew his weaknesses, his moments of hatred, of despair. Yet she was there at his side. They shared the same universe.
Ellen Glasgow, The Shadowy Third|A little later, when breakfast was over and I had not yet gone up-stairs to my room, I had my first interview with Doctor Brandon, the famous alienist who was in charge of the case. I had never seen him before, but from the first moment that I looked at him I took his measure, almost by intuition. He was, I suppose, honest enough -- I have always granted him that, bitterly as I have felt toward him. It wasn't his fault that he lacked red blood in his brain, or that he had formed the habit, from long association with abnormal phenomena, of regarding all life as a disease. He was the sort of physician -- every nurse will understand what I mean -- who deals instinctively with groups instead of with individuals. He was long and solemn and very round in the face; and I hadn't talked to him ten minutes before I knew he had been educated in Germany, and that he had learned over there to treat every emotion as a pathological manifestation. I used to wonder what he got out of life -- what any one got out of life who had analyzed away everything except the bare structure.
Jean Racine, Phèdre|The game’s the thing. That’s the conventional wisdom, isn’t it? The fun is what matters, not the victory. To glory in the defeat of another, to need that purchased pride, is to show you are incomplete and inadequate to start with.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|...because wherever else the future leads, it leads ultimately to death, the end that is present in my beginning and in yours.
Ron Barrow|Stay upbeat and keep your head held high. There is no end to the power of positive thinking. I AM looking forward to all the wealth, success, and abundance speeding my way!
Martha Stout, The Sociopath Next Door|As for the boys..."vulnerable fathers turn to time-honored defensive responses to maintain the function that father knows best' Parents, especially fathers, teach their sons to obey authority no matter what.
David Markson|I still notice the burned house, mornings, when I walk along the beach. "Well, obviously I do not notice the house. What I notice is what remains of the house. One is still prone to think of a house as a house, however, even if there is not remarkably much left of it.
Linda Lee Chaikin, The Spoils of Eden|Die? I should say not, dear fellow. No Barrymore would allow such a conventional thing to happen to him.
Homer, The Iliad|To my embarrassment, I was crying again. Real girl tears for the second time, these ones born out of frustration. That didn't happen to me very often, but I hated it when it did. It was faulty wiring in the female body, tear ducts attached directly to the frustration meter. Trying to explain to men that no, I wasn't being manipulative, I just couldn't stop my eyes from leaking salt water, only added to the aggravation.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|We'd stared into the face of Death, and Death blinked first. You'd think that would make us feel brave and invincible. It didn't.
E.M. E.M. Genesis|Although life is filled with twists and turns, only you have the ability to make positive changes to your life. You can do it. One day at a time! ~ Taken from "Words of Wisdom for Warriors" by EM.EM.Genesis
Auliq Ice|There are always two sides of a coin, our Life too has two sides... on one side there is life where there are questions and fears but, on the other side there is a whole new world full of answers and peace.
Nitin Sharma, From Tiggie, With Love|I fell in love with him. But I don't just stay with him by default as if there's no one else available to me. I stay with him because I choose to, every day that I wake up, every day that we fight or lie to each other. I choose him over and over again, and he chooses me.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without God's grace, the soul is dead in sin.
Jesse L. Martin|We have such a long, familiar history with Peter Falk. The minute his mug is on that screen people smile.
Rhoendyl RCruz|Cinders, I would've thought you of all people would know better. There are no wicked stepmothers and there are no fairy godmothers, and there are no Prince Charmings. There in no preordained destiny. You get to decide that. You decide your destiny. - V
Frédéric Joliot-Curie|In the divine Scriptures, there are shallows and there are deeps; shallows where the lamb may wade, and deeps where the elephant may swim.
Chloe Neill, Friday Night Bites|Night falls. Or has fallen. Why is it that night falls, instead of rising, like the dawn? Yet if you look east, at sunset, you can see night rising, not falling; darkness lifting into the sky, up from the horizon, like a black sun behind cloud cover. Like smoke from an unseen fire, a line of fire just below the horizon, brushfire or a burning city. Maybe night falls because it’s heavy, a thick curtain pulled up over the eyes. Wool blanket.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|He had left home one day, yesterday, and come home today, and the change was too much for him to bear. And this was why he could not go home all at once.
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|There is a beauty in the world, though it's harsher than we expect it to be.
John Mattone|In order that life should be a story or romance to us, it is necessary that a great part of it, at any rate, should be settled for us without our permission. If we wish life to be a system, this may be a nuiseance; but if we wish it to be a drama, it is an essential. It may often happen, no doubt, that a drama may be written by somebody else which we like very little. But we should like it still less if the author came before the curtain every hour or so, and forced on us the whole trouble of inventing the next act. A man has control over many things in his life; he has control over enough things to be the hero of a novel. But if he had control over everything, there would be so much hero that there would be no novel.
Rick Warren|Poverty is the absence of all human rights. The frustrations, hostility and anger generated by abject poverty cannot sustain peace in any society.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|I would request that my body in death be buried not cremated, so that the energy content contained within it gets returned to the earth, so that flora and fauna can dine upon it, just as I have dined upon flora and fauna during my lifetime
Alfred de Vigny, Stello|The first among mankind will always be those who make something imperishable out of a sheet of paper, a canvas, a piece of marble, or a few sounds
Toni Sorenson|When you surrender, you live in eager anticipation of the surprise. The dual weights of yearning and despair are cast off.
Michael Porter|Today, the technology is there to give early and normally ample warning when a powerful tornado approaches. When a tornado strikes, all of us are at risk.
Robert Schumann, Advice to Young Musicians|Look deeply into life, and study it as diligently as the other arts and sciences.
Nikesh Shukla, Coconut Unlimited|We'd taken up our positions on the benches between the school hall and a newly-installed outdoor basketball court. Being hip-hoppers, we were obliged to be obsessed with basketball. None of us had a ball.
Alfred A. Montepert|The 'tragedy' of the slow growth of immortalism pertains mostly to them, and perhaps to you – not so much to me or to us, the committed immortalists. We already have made our arrangements for cryostasis after clinical death – signed our contracts with existing organizations and allocated the money. We will have our chance, and with a little bit of luck will 'taste the wine of centuries unborn'.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|If we can't begin to agree on fundamentals, such as the elimination of the most abusive forms of child labor, then we really are not ready to march forward into the future.
Daven Anderson, Vampire Syndrome|It's clear he still feels something, but what? Is the whole reason he made such a big deal about wanting to talk to me so he could have a chance to apologize? Well, I don't want his apology. You don't get to break someone's heart and think everything is fine just because you say sorry. That's just not fair.
Idries Shah|There are two aspects of individual harmony: the harmony between body and soul, and the harmony between individuals. All the tragedy in the world, in the individual and in the multitude, comes from lack of harmony. And harmony is the best given by producing harmony in one's own life. 
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|... All who have brought about a state of sex-consciousness are to blame, and it is they who drive me, when I want to stretch my faculties on a book, to seek it in that happy age ... when the writer used both sides of his mind [the male and female sides of his mind] equally. One must turn back to Shakespeare then, for Shakespeare was androgynous; and so were Keats and Sterne and Cowper and Lamb and Coleridge. Shelley perhaps was sexless. Milton and Ben Jonson had a dash too much of the male in them. So had Wordsworth and Tolstoy.
Will Self|Prose is architecture, not interior decoration.
Kamand Kojouri|Mist to mist, drops to drops. For water thou art, and unto water shalt thou return.
Sam Underwood|Love sought is good, but given unsought, is better.
Sonya Hartnett, Stripes of the Sidestep Wolf|Other useful commands to teach your dog are 'stay,' 'heel,' 'remove your snout from that person's groin,' 'stop humping the Barcalounger,' 'do not bark violently for two hours at inanimate objects such as a flowerpot,' ' do not eat poop,' and 'if you must eat poop, then at least refrain from licking my face afterward'.
Unknown|My whole life I've been telling myself, "don't be afraid". And it is only now that I'm realizing how stupid that is. Don't be afraid. Like saying "don't move out of the way when someone tries to punch you" or "don't flinch at the heat of a fire" or "don't blink". Don't be human. I'm afraid and you're afraid and we're all always going to be afraid, because that's the point. What I should be telling myself is "be afraid, but do it anyway". Live anyway.
Logan Kain, The Dead Will Rise First|We have a need to control our destiny, but destiny is uncontrollable. We struggle against this paradox and embrace the journey. For those who are determined to be the masters of their own fate, they can change everything. They can push against the rules of the universe and strive to turn chaotic fate into order. They will look out at the heavens and shout I am in control, and the earth will shake underfoot.
Virginia Alison|Passion drove her deeper, into the abyss beneath his skin where she mapped his soul to the dance of his heartbeat...
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|We're all going to hell anyway, why not enjoy the ride?
V.S. Atbay|When I/Don’t know/What to say,/Let me/Listen.
Isaac Asimov, The Roving Mind|How often people speak of art and science as though they were two entirely different things, with no interconnection. An artist is emotional, they think, and uses only his intuition; he sees all at once and has no need of reason. A scientist is cold, they think, and uses only his reason; he argues carefully step by step, and needs no imagination. That is all wrong. The true artist is quite rational as well as imaginative and knows what he is doing; if he does not, his art suffers. The true scientist is quite imaginative as well as rational, and sometimes leaps to solutions where reason can follow only slowly; if he does not, his science suffers.
Luke F.D. Marsden, Wondering, the Way is Made: A South American Odyssey|Whatever yerz’re lookin’ for, I hope yerz find it. Yerz moight’ve never lost it!
A.E. Via|Looks like things are good,” Day said casually. “I’m happy for you.”“Things were better than good, baby. My mom was so happy to see me. She made me raisin bread, and she even popped me in the head a few times when I told her I’d pissed you off. She wants to meet you real soon, sweetheart,” God said breathlessly around all his excitement.“I’m looking forward to it,” Day said climbing in bed.“Oh come on, Leo, you can’t still be mad at me.” God huffed. When Day still didn’t speak, God threw his hands up in the air. “Okay, fine. I shouldn’t have said what I said. I’m sorry all right. There. Does that make you happy now, or do I have to go out and by you some fuckin’ flowers and candy and shit? Stop acting like this. I had a good day, babe, and I want to fuck you.” God dropped his voice low.“I have a headache and don’t feel like having sex…since you’re dating a bitch. Good night, Cashel.” Day flicked the switch on the small lamp by his side of the bed putting them in total darkness. Day pulled the covers up on him and turned his back to God and willed himself to go to sleep.Day woke up before five a.m. and was pissed when he couldn’t go back to sleep. Although his back was to him, he could tell God was awake too by the way he was breathing. Day finally got sick of lying there and got out of bed. He slid his feet in his leather slippers and went downstairs. Day got the paper off the front step and went to the kitchen for coffee. He was in the den watching Food Network, sipping his second cup when he had an urge to go back upstairs and climb back in bed with God.This was bullshit. This was a stupid fight they were having and he wanted it over. Day was sure there would be real shit for them to fight about in the future, they didn’t need to waste time on crap like this. But still…Day didn’t move.
José Ortega y Gasset, An Interpretation of Universal History|I was dead for a billion of years and in a few years I will be dead again. I'm not conscious of that state of lifelessness which was before I came to life. And I'm not sure about the lifelessness that is yet to come. Life is only a station between these two states. It is a chance to experience and to do something, the only chance known with certainty. The major issue is to find what is worth living for, but an even greater issue is to find what is worth dying for. We all die anyway.
Kelley York, Made of Stars|I didn't care much what happened to me, so chance didn't matter.
Linda Sue Park|[W]hat people truly desire is access to the knowledge and information that ultimately lead to a better life--the collected wisdom of the ages found only in one place: a well-stocked library.To the teachers and librarians and everyone on the frontlines of bringing literature to young people: I know you have days when your work seems humdrum, or unappreciated, or embattled, and I hope on those days you will take a few moments to reflect with pride on the importance of the work you do. For it is indeed of enormous importance--the job of safeguarding and sharing the world's wisdom.All of you are engaged in the vital task of providing the next generation with the tools they will need to save the world. The ability to read and access information isn't just a power--it's a superpower. Which means that you aren't just heroes--you're superheroes. I believe that with all my heart.
Charlotte Eriksson|... and isn't the world a treasure in itself? A spectacle glittering every single day, without a concern if anyone's watching or not. It simply goes on, elegantly, letting nature have its way. We only need to open our eyes to witness the biggest masterpiece ever created, the ticket is already in your hand.
Anna  Bennett, My Brown-Eyed Earl|Children, Hadley thinks to herself, children are more civilised than this gang on the sauce.
Leo Tolstoy, Family Happiness|Just imagine the existence of a man - let us call him A - who has left youth far behind, and of a woman whom we may call B, who is young and happy and has seen nothing as yet of life or of the world. Family circumstances of various kinds brought them together, and he grew to love her as a daughter, and had no fear that his love would change its nature. But he forgot that B was so young, that life was still a May-game to her and that it was easy to fall in love with her in a different way, and that this would amuse her. He made a mistake and was suddenly aware of another feeling, as heavy as remorse, making its way into his heart, and he was afraid. He was afraid that their old friendly relations would be destroyed, and he made up his mind to go away before that happened.
Russell Brand|I fear that, in the end, the famous debate among materialists, idealists, and dualists amounts to a merely verbal dispute that is more a matter for the linguist than for the speculative philosopher.
Nistha Tripathi, Seven Conversations|Every person you meet has been assigned to play a role in your story as you are assigned to play one in someone else’s. I often say that the people we come across can be one of the four kinds. They can be like pebbles, fountains, quagmire or bridges. Pebbles are those who you meet commonly and in abundance. They do not facilitate anything great but they help you continue walking on this journey of life. Everyone you cross in life without really connecting with them are pebbles. Then there are fountains – who spring water of happiness on you. They bring positivity and joy; they nourish your soul and irrigate the seeds of good thoughts. Your friends, well-wishers are all fountains. Then, on the other end of the spectrum, you have quagmires. These are the people who cause you pain. Now, even some pebbles may have caused you pain as it happens if you tread on a barbed pebble but the difference is that quagmires do that on purpose. They pull you down, induce fear and negativity by discouraging you and worrying you. They will not let you move on – that’s why they keep you bogged down in your failures. Finally, the rarest ones are the bridges – they connect you to unchartered ground that you wouldn’t have reached on your own. They unite you to your destiny. With them, your plane of consciousness expands, you see things you have not seen before; your life becomes more aware, more enlightened. Your parents, your teachers and anyone who touches your life and transcends it into something more beautiful – they are all bridges.
Nakia R. Laushaul|Doing what I like to do, the way I like to do it ... makes me happy.
Cynthia Hand, Boundless|Isn't it wonderful when people do that, when you put all your faith in their being selfish and self -centered and not giving a damn and it turns out, all that time, you were wrong?
Frank Zappa|Isn’t Hollywood a dump — in the human sense of the word. A hideous town, pointed up by the insulting gardens of its rich, full of the human spirit at a new low of debasement.
Katherine Locke|Pretend that you're a clever shepherd girl, and you're just dressed up in pretty clothes, and you're trying to make everybody believe that you're a spoiled, empty-headed little princess. So no one guesses that under your clothes you're a brave shepherd girl who climbs trees and chases away wolves with your staff.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|As Deborah sits below a tree to give advice to her people, the cat could envision itself above Deborah. In the cats mind, the visual allusion would first point to the prophetess as being a predator. This consideration would not be hard to reach for the lucid intelligent cat as she is giving advice to her people here as how to engage in war. Envisioning this text, the cats would find it hard not to recognize the predatory nature of the human beneath it. This fact means that Deborah becomes, in feline hermeneutics, the antagonist. The prophetess would be seen as a danger to the cat. This could lead the cat to deduce that the enemy of the prophetess was a fellow protagonist. Then the advice that Deborah gave to Barak would seem as a malicious attack on a ally or worse an innocent.
Morgan Matson, Amy & Roger's Epic Detour|He stood and looked at me for a moment, taking in my outfit. "You look hot.""What? Me?" I stammered, completely flummoxed."Yeah," he said, still looking at me."Oh. Um, thank you. I mean, not that you don’t, but I’m not sure that you should—I mean …""Oh, no," Roger said quickly, and I could see that he was blushing again. "No. I mean—I meant what you’re wearing. Are you going to be too warm?
Brenda Mohammed, Memoirs of Dr Andrew Moonir Khan - A great Educator In Trinidad and Tobago|Books are silent friends, and should be treated well. I am proud of my books. I hope that my children will use them and preserve them when I am gone from this world. Human friends may betray you, but not so with books. Books contain wisdom for our understanding, humour for our entertainment, information for our development, and matter for our pleasure.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human|There is nothing like discovering your own secrets in someone else’s story. Those thoughts and feelings you believed were too ugly or strange or idealistic or desperate or whimsical or hungry or sad they had to be just you because there could be no other place for them, anywhere. Books that make you realize you’re not alone, you never were. Those are the ones I like best.
Richard Koch, The 80/20 Principle: The Secret to Achieving More with Less|Not only is happiness not money, it is not even like money.
Idries Shah, Reflections|You say that this society will come to an end, because societies always have done so. I wonder whether they have ended because they were not really societies at all.
Jill Lepore, The Secret History of Wonder Woman|Feminists in Greenwich Village had begun bobbing their hair in 1912. In 1915, it was still radical. “The idea, it seems, came from Russia,” the New York Times reported. “The intellectual women of that country were revolutionaries. For convenience in disguising themselves when the police trailed them, they cropped their hair.”2 Holloway was something of a revolutionary, too.
Frederick Neuhouser, Fichte's Theory of Subjectivity|One does not ask about one's true identity simply as a matter of course, but only in rather special circumstances. What this means, I believe, is that "who I really am" becomes an issue for me only when my system of values "breaks down," that is, only when I realize that the values according to which I have lived until now are insufficient to inform a life that I can recognize as satisfying. This realization can occur in variety of circumstances: when my beliefs about myself or the world undergo significant change; when I find that two of my values conflict in a fundamental way; or when, as in the present example, the relations among my previous commitments are insufficiently determinate to tell me what to do in the particular situation I face.
Zack Love, Stories and Scripts: an Anthology|I am the spirit of the river that caught you when you were falling as leaf, you don't remember me, but I do.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Not every hen lay eggs. Not every hen that lays eggs gets them hatched. Not everyone born with greatness becomes as such. Go, hatch your eggs.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|Writing's a lot like cooking. Sometimes the cake won't rise, no matter what you do, and every now and again the cake tastes better than you ever could have dreamed it would.
F. Sionil Jose|It is always wise to look ahead, but difficult to look further than you can see.
Embee, Tess Embers|For once in my life, I wished Mr. Bradshaw had slipped a tracker into my shoe or my coat pocket. I wished that he was still keeping tabs on me, even when I told him that I didn’t need him to, or that I could take care of myself.	Because the truth was that I knew I’d always need help along the way. I needed help now, and at some point in my life I’d need help again.
Christopher Nolan|I don't particularly enjoy watching films in 3D because I think that a well-shot and well-projected film has a very three-dimensional quality to it, so I'm somewhat sceptical of the technology.
Maisey Yates, Unexpected|Do I look the sort to cause trouble?" he asks. For the first time, he looks me directly in the eye. I catch my breath as his eyes slam into me. They're the gray of the sky right before a blizzard."Well, they did just throw you into a cell," I say, voice soft. "But, no." I break our gaze, finishing my thoughts silently.You like the sort that brings it.
Karen Foxlee, The Anatomy of Wings|I would be a wedge-tailed eagle. I would only live for the joy of flight. I would soar at great heights, on top of the wind. I would be above everything, over the little towns clinging to the highway. I would be a part of everything.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, We Were Eight Years in Power: An American Tragedy|The fairy tale of film—created with the magic of animation—is the modern equivalent of the great parables of the Middle Ages. Creation is the word. Not adaptation. We can translate the ancient fairy tale into its modern equivalent without losing the lovely patina and savor of its once-upon-a-time quality. We have proved that age-old kind of entertainment based on the classic fairy tale recognizes no young, no old.
A.E. Samaan|Here, then, are some ways we can try to prevent mistakes. We can foster the ability to listen to each other and the freedom to speak our minds. We can create open and transparent environments instead of cultures of secrecy and concealment. And we can permit and encourage everyone, not just a powerful inner circle, to speak up when they see the potential for error.These measures might be a prescription for identifying and eliminating mistakes, but they sound like something else: a prescription for democracy. That's not an accident. Although we don't normally think of it in these terms, democratic governance represents another method—this time a political rather than an industrial or personal one—for accepting the existence of error and trying to curtail its more dangerous incarnations.
Sherrilyn Kenyon|I have a computer, a vibrator, and pizza delivery. Why should I leave the house? " - Tabitha
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|... a certain kind of wanderlust can only be assuaged by the acts of the body itself in motion, not the motion of the car, boat, or plane.
Jasmine Warga, My Heart and Other Black Holes|I don't know how to describe it, but the more I stare at him, the more I see his grief wrapped around him like shackles he can never take off.
Chief Luther Standing Bear|It rainsAnd rainsAnd rains.But there is a sky above the rain,Nothing can rot the sky.Earth has turned to mud. What of it?The heart of the planet is made of fire, of ardent sun.(from "A Rainy Day")
Clara Kensie, Aftermath|Do it double, because some can't do it at all.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|It’s great to feel happy. Go, do what makes you feel happy. Do it shabbily and get shallow happiness; Do it hard and feel the hardest happiness!
Adam Clarke|Your belief system tends to be a function of how you were raised. Being raised in the Midwest and in a relatively conservative household, my views were shaped by my upbringing, by my Christian faith.
Jeffrey Tucker|Socialism is not really an option in the material world. There can be no collective ownership of anything materially scarce. One or another faction will assert control in the name of society. Inevitably, the faction will be the most powerful in society -- that is, the state. This is why all attempts to create socialism in scarce goods or services devolve into totalitarian systems of top-down planning.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Those of us who have already chosen to embrace a love ethic, know that when we let our light shine, we draw to us and are drawn to other bearers of light. We are not alone.
Jim Jarmusch|Nothing is original. Steal from anywhere that resonates with inspiration or fuels your imagination. Devour old films, new films, music, books, paintings, photographs, poems, dreams, random conversations, architecture, bridges, street signs, trees, clouds, bodies of water, light and shadows. Select only things to steal from that speak directly to your soul. If you do this, your work (and theft) will be authentic. Authenticity is invaluable; originality is non-existent. And don’t bother concealing your thievery - celebrate it if you feel like it. In any case, always remember what Jean-Luc Godard said: “It’s not where you take things from - it’s where you take them to." #53 - Winter, January 22, 2004 ]
Alessia Cara|I love the Sixties with Julie Christie and Jane Birkin - those natural English beauties. That's the look that is most me, when I wore the tight-to-the knee dresses. I don't think I bleached my hair until I was 20. I like experimenting for big occasions, though. You've always got to do a bit of a number for the birthday!
George Carlin|It should not be a surprise, even if it is not expected, if a shadow dances among the leaves, a face appears (or seems to), even a community of phantoms from the past. Here you will find answers, questions, and a host of stories.
Kay Redfield Jamison, Night Falls Fast: Understanding Suicide|It is tempting when looking at the life of anyone who has committed suicide to read into the decision to die a vastly complex web of reasons; and, of course, such complexity is warranted. No one illness or event causes suicide; and certainly no one knows all, or perhaps even most, of the motivations behind the killing of the self. But psychopathology is almost always there, and its deadliness is fierce. Love, success, and friendship are not always enough to counter the pain and destructiveness of severe mental illness 
Melanie Wells, When the Day of Evil Comes|…I’d let those entering (grad) students in on my secret—higher education is all about perseverance. It has nothing to do with smarts or creativity or anything else.	It’s about cultivating the willingness and stamina for hoop jumping.	Jump through the hoops, I’d say. Do it well. Do it relentlessly. And in a few years you can join the elite of the American education system secure in the knowledge that you too can endure with the best of them.
Isaac Asimov, Foundation|And just how did you arrive at that remarkable conclusion, Mr. Mayor?""In a rather simple way. It merely required the use of that much-neglected commodity -- common sense. You see, there is a branch of human knowledge known as symbolic logic, which can be used to prune away all sorts of clogging deadwood that clutters up human language.""What about it?" said Fulham."I applied it. Among other things, I applied it to this document here. I didn't really need to for myself because I knew what it was all about, but I think I can explain it more easily to five physical scientists by symbols rather than by words."Hardin removed a few sheets of paper from the pad under his arm and spread them out. "I didn't do this myself, by the way," he said. "Muller Holk of the Division of Logic has his name signed to the analyses, as you can see."Pirenne leaned over the table to get a better view and Hardin continued: "The message from Anacreon was a simple problem, naturally, for the men who wrote it were men of action rather than men of words. It boils down easily and straightforwardly to the unqualified statement, when in symbols is what you see, and which in words, roughly translated is, 'You give us what we want in a week, or we take it by force.'"There was silence as the five members of the Board ran down the line of symbols, and then Pirenne sat down and coughed uneasily.Hardin said, "No loophole, is there, Dr. Pirenne?""Doesn't seem to be.
Anatole France|Taking the path of least resistance is always helpful and peaceful, which is always in line with your life’s purpose. If your current work area is different than your purpose then you will face extra challenges.
Jerry Bridges, Trusting God: Even When Life Hurts|His ability to evoke Celtic pride was incredible. He would always talk about how all the old players called him up after an embarrasing performance and wanted to disassociate themselves from the Celtics. They wanted to mail in their championship rings, wanted their numbers removed from the rafters, and by this point there would be tears rolling down our cheeks and we'd want to kill.
Nikki Sex, Carmen's New York Romance Trilogy|How can any woman not enjoy that? We're sensual beings, we love that.
Sunday Adelaja|The fault lies with us, and only us. It's not fate, not genetics, not bad luck, and it's definitely not Mom and Dad. Ultimately it's us and our choices...but the most powerful spectacular thing is that the solution rests with us as well.
Ezra Taft Benson|I used to wear a lot of red lipstick, and when I got a pimple, I'd cover it up with eyeliner to turn it into a beauty mark.
Sri Sri Ravi Shankar|Their raspy kisses brand our jam tart necks, their treacherous miasma clasps our herbal thighs. Motherlessly we surrender, too many fathers we have, we, your daughters of joy.
Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock|We sinned for no reason but an incomprehensible lack of love, and He saved us for no reason but an incomprehensible excess of love.
Jerry Saltz|If anyone has seen success and failure on a global stage, it's my friend Steve Forbes.
Loretta Livingstone|As mortal humans we are born with a death sentence anyway, so what difference does a little poison make? Why not take a chance you will survive the ordeal and make something significant of your life?..." p330
John Powell, Will the Real Me Please Stand Up?: 25 Guidelines for Good Communication|Honest, open communication is the only street that leads us into the real world... We then begin to grow as never before. And once we are on this road, happiness cannot be far away.
Lailah Gifty Akita, The Wings of Hope: Survivor|When you travel, buy a historical book about the place, read to increase your knowledge on the beautiful places of the world.
Jennifer Loren, The Devil's Eyes|No, but I do read a lot. I love to read. I could read for days and never stop. I use to be such a bookworm. I would barely look up to notice much of anything.
Dolores Cannon, The Convoluted Universe - Book One|The awakening is the purpose. The awakening of the fact that in essence we are light, we are love. Each cell of our body, each cell and molecule of everything. The power source that runs all life is light. So to awaken to that knowledge, and to desire to operate in that realm, and to believe that it is possible, are all factors that will put you there.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|Maybe you expected marriage to be perfect - I guess that's where you and I are different. See, I thought it would be all about making mistakes, but doing it with someone who's there to remind you what you learned along the way.
Will Self, Liver: A Fictional Organ With a Surface Anatomy of Four Lobes|A funny yet interesting read, Will Self knowa his stuff and must do a lot of deep research.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems: Love Conquers All|I've fallen into your life, like a red ROSE from another world.
Kate McGahan|To learn to love, one must first learn to see.
Richelle E. Goodrich|WRITER'S NIGHTMARE""I felt a grip on my arm that shook my body, forcefully pulling me toward a tunnel of darkness.   The threat of consciousness stole my steady breath. For a moment I believed myself to be under siege; ripped from the sky in mid flight, my wings useless against the monstrous claws shredding my reality. I struggled to remain, to be left alone, aloft.  Reaching with wings that through the power of imagination were suddenly feathered arms, I grabbed at the air.  My hands clutched at something solid.  Wooden.  A desk.  My head spun as I held the furniture, suffering the illusion of falling.  "I was flying," I gasped, realizing suddenly that it had all been a dream. "My best fantasy ever." Lifting my head from its resting spot on the writing desk, I worked mentally to secure the fading images, hoping to capture their essence to memory before they faded away forever.  Bitterness tainted my heart against the hand that had jerked me into sensibility.  Why was I always so callously awakened while doing my best work?  Why not let me dream?
Yann Martel, The High Mountains of Portugal|They never look very big on the table, the bodies. It's built to accommodate the largest frames, there's that. And they're naked. But it's something else. That parcel of the being called the soul-weighing twenty-one grams, according to the experiments of the American doctor Duncan MacDougall-takes up a surprising amount of space, like aloud voice. In its absence, the body seems to shrink
John Cusack|'The Admirable Crichton' is probably Barrie's most famous work after 'Peter Pan', nearly a pendant to that classic.
Drew Houston|I have found little that is 'good' about human beings on the whole. In my experience most of them are trash, no matter whether they publicly subscribe to this or that ethical doctrine or to none at all. That is something that you cannot say aloud, or perhaps even think.
Anthony Bourdain|England is like the margin of a spring-run: near its source, always green, always cool, always moist, comparatively free from frost in winter and from drought in summer.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|O weep for Adonis - He is dead." "Peace. He is not dead he doth not sleep - he hath wakened from the dream of life
Fred Barnett|Elizabeth served herself to Vlad upon the Lazy Susan (Susan wasn’t lazy. She was actually dead." — Bats 2015
Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation|Repose, leisure, peace, belong among the elements of happiness. If we have not escaped from harried rush, from mad pursuit, from unrest, from the necessity of care, we are not happy. And what of contemplation? Its very premise is freedom from the fetters of workaday busyness. Moreover, it itself actualizes this freedom by virtue of being intuition.
Anton Chekhov|Wisdom.... comes not from age, but from education and learning.
Jean-Claude Van Damme|The dubbing of the music and effects is really incredible today. You're feeling gun shots. I mean, it's not the way people say it is, but the gunshot sounds real. And cars sound real. Among the many things in the evolution (of movies) is to make the sound in the movie incredible. That's what you feel.
Igor Eliseev, One-Two|What if initially they had named you Faith and me Hope, but afterwards they forgot who of us had which name and swapped them around by mistake? You always believe that everything is going to be all right, and your faith helps me.”“And you hope that it will be that way. We have this close bond between us,” and, after thinking a while, you added, “All people need hope, no one can live without it; and our hope is way stronger when it is warmed up by faith. So it isn’t really important who is Faith and who is Hope; the main thing is that we are connected together.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Friends are the real superheroes. They battle our worst enemies—loneliness, grief, anxiety, depression, fear, and doubt—every time they come around.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|So let's say you marry this girl. All right, you can still be a great man. Look at all the great men who had wives. Go ahead, be a great man, don't let me stop you. Only first you should stop by the grocer and pick up something for the dog. Also for the baby, soft, because he's getting his teeth. To do this, you have to have a job five days a week, you can be a great man on week ends.
Sunday Adelaja|Your life is not determined by a problem, but by God, He is the source of victory
Claudia Gray, A Thousand Pieces of You|That's right", she says, wiping tears from her cheeks. "You weren't with me that time I walked in on them doing the deed. Seriously Freudian horror.""You saw your parents at the best," Mom murmurs, before Dad sweeps her into another kiss. "Go ahead," Josie calls. "Mate in public. Tonight we won't even mind. You deserve to break a few decency laws.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wind has no feet,but travels great distances,and has no hands,but carries great objects.
will.i.am|After Scour, I started a company called Red Swoosh. The idea was to take those litigants who sued us for a huge amount of money and turn them into customers with the same technology. I wanted to get them to pay me. It was a revenge business.
Darin Strauss, Half a Life|Guilt, if cultivated in a Christian client, can render their Christianity worthless to themselves and others.
Harold Klemp|The reason for spiritual enlightenment is not to escape life, but to learn how to live it richly, to enjoy it.The Language of Soul
Seth Grahame-Smith, How to Survive a Horror Movie|From this moment on, nothing is what it seems. You're not a human being, you're a character- and filmmakers are doing everything in their power to kill you even now. Supernatural powers and curses are real, and numbers like 666 and 237 can kill you just as easily as a butch knife.Log cabins are slaughterhouses, cornstalks are antennas for evil, and aliens never, ever come in peace.
Farshad Asl|True leaders don't look at just the outward appearances in the selection of team members, they look at one's core values and heart.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We will understand the depth of our vision when at some point we are finally faced with the price we must pay to achieve it. And when the price comes calling, most visions end up falling.
Philip Winchester|For me, seeing the progression of video games and consoles - whether it be PlayStation, Xbox, or whatever - I think just seeing how good they've gotten from the days when I first started playing is just amazing.
Kenneth de Guzman|What if it's just a big, cosmic joke?Then...laugh!.85.
Elizabeth Chadwick, Daughters of the Grail|She was like a wound beneath an old bandage, and he had grown more used to the bandage.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|At the end of life, your reward in heaven will not be proportional to the role you played on earth, but how faithful you played it. Be faithful in every little role you are to play; it'll lead you to a greater reward! Faithfulness is key!
Dana L. Ayers, Confessions of an Unlikely Runner: A Guide to Racing and Obstacle Courses for the Averagely Fit and Halfway Dedicated|Swallowing, he entered the second code. Then there was a sound like a marble dropping on the floor - bouncing slowly, gradually getting faster as it dropped lower and lower… The thing was toying with him! Where was it? He strained his hearing, but all was again silent. He wanted to shout and scream obscenities at it, but he fought the impulse. It might not really know his location after all - and that would've led it right to him. It must be coming for him! It must be by the door by now, looking for a way in. Time was running out. He hastily keyed in the third and last code.Death the destroyer never is late!
Margaret Way, Cattle Rancher, Secret Son|I have the solution to all my problems. I have money, position, the running of one of the country’s legendary cattle stations. I can even get the girl I want. I can’t buy her, of course. She’s got money of her own. But I’m pretty sure if I talk to her dad, he’ll give me the green light.
Paula Stokes, The Art of Lainey|Do not fight with your brother. There are things that God expects us to fight for, true. But string is not one of them. Do you understand?
Dennis Lehane, Moonlight Mile|Whether they will or not, Americans must now begin to look outward. The growing production of the country demands it.
Jennifer Estep, Spider’s Revenge|So,” I said. “Exactly how long have the two of you been together? I assume that you’ve been going hot and heavy ever since that night at Fletcher’s house when the bounty hunters interrupted you. Am I right?”Finn and Bria didn’t look at me or each other.“Right,” Bria mumbled. “Although if it makes you uncomfortable—”“Then Gin’s just going to have to deal with it,” Finn cut her off.Bria stared at him in surprise.“What?” Finn said. “I worked too hard and too long to get you into my bed to just cut you loose now, cupcake.”Bria’s eyes narrowed. “Cupcake?”“Cupcake.” Finn grinned at her. “Or would you prefer snuggle bunny?”Bria’s hand drifted down to the gun on her leather belt, as though she wanted to pull it out and shoot Finn with it. Well, it was good to know I wasn’t the only one who occasionally had that reaction to him....Then I fixed them both with a hard stare. “Just don’t ask me to take sides when the two of you go at each other. Okay?”They nodded, then looked at each other. Finn waggled his eyebrows in a suggestive manner, and Bria snorted. But she couldn’t stop a grin from curving her lips.
David Malouf, An Imaginary Life|What else should our lives be but a continual series of beginnings, of painful settings out into the unknown, pushing off from the edges of consciousness into the mystery of what we have not yet become.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Though I suppose people do reproduce sometimes for that reason - for insurance against later regret. I think people have children for all manner of reasons - sometimes out of a pure desire to nurture and witness life, sometimes out of an absence of choice, sometimes in order to hold on to a partner or create an heir, sometimes without thinking about it in any particular way. Not all the reasons to have children are the same, and not all of them are necessarily unselfish. Not all the reasons not to have children are the same, either, though. Nor are all those reasons necessarily selfish.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|But I do know we’re deficient in some way. We are too involved in materialistic things, and they don’t satisfy us. The loving relationships we have, the universe around us, we take these things for granted.
Joyce Carol Oates|A priest is a functionary of a social sort. The society worships certain deities in a certain way, and the priest becomes ordained as a functionary to carry out that ritual. The deity to whom he is devoted is a deity that was there before he came along. But the shaman's powers are symbolized in his own familiars, deities of his own personal experience. His authority comes out of a psychological experience, not a social ordination.
Dorianne Laux, The Poet's Companion: A Guide To The Pleasures Of Writing Poetry|We aren't suggesting that mental instability or unhappiness makes one a better poet, or a poet at all; and contrary to the romantic notion of the artist suffering for his or her work, we think these writers achieved brilliance in spite of their suffering, not because of it.
Frank A. Clark|I did not break up the Beatles. You can't have it both ways. If you're going to blame me for breaking the Beatles up, you should be thankful that I made them into myth rather than a crumbling group.
Elizabeth Goudge, A City of Bells|I am so glad that you have never done anything, never carved a statue, or painted a picture, or produced anything outside of yourself! Life has been your art. You have set yourself to music. Your days are your sonnets.
Anushka Sharma|Well, there's nothing more touching than putting a smile on a kid's face when you can.
Jan Karon, Come Rain or Come Shine|While most people took family for granted, he [Father Tim] took it for grace.
Joyce Carol Oates, Expensive People|Literature, art, like civilization itself, are only accidents.
Mil Millington, Things My Girlfriend and I Have Argued About|despair all ye mortals,” he said in a voice of doom. “the mama approacheth
Alec Baldwin|As my friend said to me, when you have children, typically in a second marriage, when you're older and you get married again to a woman who would have children, you must always remember that you make sure the children attend a college where the commencement ceremonies are held in a facility with a wheelchair accessible ramp.
Paul Theroux|If the Internet were everything it is cracked up to be, we would all stay at home and be brilliantly witty and insightful. Yet with so much contradictory information available, there is more reason to travel than ever before: to look closer, to dig deeper, to sort the authentic from the fake; to verify, to smell, to touch, to taste, to hear and sometimes - importantly - to suffer the effects of this curiosity.
Iain Banks, The Business|One of your American professors said that to study religion was merely to know the mind of man, but if one truly wanted to know the mind of God, you must study physics.
Jean Webster|In the agenda of empty countries, there exists only empty matters!
Imania Margria|To dream is to desire, to desire is to long for, to long for is to want, and to want you must work to attain all you dream of, desire, long for and want.
Stephen King, The Green Mile|Cruelty is not something you can just sugar coat with a smile, with laughter, with a hug or with an act of kindness. It is a diabolical behaviour that will keep popping up behind that smile, behind that laughter, behind that hug and behind that act of kindness. 'A man who is kind benefits himself, but a cruel man hurts himself.' (Proverbs 11:17)
S. Elle Cameron, A Tragic Heart|She actually isn't so bad, now that I'm getting to know her. She's just a little messy on the outside. But aren't we all?
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Love people with all sincere attention, but don't overdo it as if you are not special. Don't lose yourself in the process of loving other people. Remember, you are special too!
Clay Shirky|These days, most nature photographers are deeply committed to the environmental message.
Scott Hastie|On the canvas of life,Every sweep of the brush matters,Counts for something…
Bradley  Wright|I don't eat food, I eat fat.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|we are bound to make mistakes. We are bound to meet mistakes. We have regretted certain decisions we took yesterday today and we may regret some decisions of today tomorrow but not until we regret the regrets, we shall always have the regrets
Gail Collins|What is most needed in Darfur is an international peacekeeping and protection presence, and this is what the Sudanese government most wants to avoid.
Rashod Ollison, Soul Serenade: Rhythm, Blues & Coming of Age Through Vinyl|All the men in Daddy's records sang of love with drastically imbalanced emotion. In the span of three minutes, they begged for it and kicked it to the curb. They turned to anybody, even to God, with a perpetual request: Please send me someone to love. But once they got it, love scrambled them.
Daniel Goleman|Most of the time common stocks are subject to irrational and excessive price fluctuations in both directions as the consequence of the ingrained tendency of most people to speculate or gamble... to give way to hope, fear and greed.
Alice Hoffman, Here on Earth|...early on Monday evening, when the sky was the color of a velvet ribbon falling over the hills.
Debasish Mridha|In reality, what we call spirit is our universal consciousness.
John Patrick Hickey, All You Have Is Now: How Your Approach to the World Determines Your Destiny|Asking questions is not a matter of weakness or of being uninformed. In fact, people who ask a lot of questions tend to achieve more and learn more than those who do not.
Laurell K. Hamilton, The Laughing Corpse|What do you do with a master vampire that won't leave you alone? Good question. Unfortunately, what I needed was a good answer.
Alexandra Engellmann, Sky Ghosts: All for One|He had a semicircle tattoo with an indecent word on the back of his head, suggesting all people around him to leave him alone – in a much more impolite manner.
Eleanor Catton, The Luminaries|In this cell you are small. They’ve taken your belt and your shoelaces. You break a little. You put your hands over your face so they don’t see. They don’t listen when you shout for water, Please. Your tongue is so dry it feels too big for your mouth. You don’t sleep. Someone behind the door shouts BASTARDS BASTARDS. You think you can see an old man crouched and watching you in that dark corner over there. You try and make spit to drink but you can’t. In the morning they give you half a plastic cup of warm water. Across your tongue they drag a cotton bud which they drop into a plastic bag with your name on it. They take your fingerprints, your photograph, and then when you get home, she tells you she’s pregnant.
Shannon L. Alder|It is hundreds of tiny threads of memories, which sew people together through the years. Despite, their mental separation they stay woven into that tapestry out of habit, emotion, obsession or fear.
André Gunder Frank, World Accumulation 1492-1789|For (Levi) Grossman, no books feel more like home than C. S. Lewis’s Chronicles of Narnia, which provide the template for what he likes to read—and how he wants to write.
Suzy  Davies, Johari's Window|The sea is rushing in now as unconsciousness does.I can see a chord, hear gospel songs as we hoist the sails.The sails are a soft white bird. We are airborne. We are primitive.
Sebastian Faulks|I really love the idea of the poetically mad - the character that is imbued with the romantic madness. Like River from 'Firefly' or Drusilla from 'Buffy.' Someone dangerously unhinged, where you're really not sure they're going to be reliable minute-to-minute.
Alice Munro, Runaway|I've seen so many versions of you. With me. Without me. Artist. Teacher. Graphic designer. But it's all, in the end, just life. We see it macro, like one big story, but when you're in it, it's all just day-to-day, right? And isn't that what you have to make your peace with?
Willis Carto, An Appeal to Reason: a Compendium of the Writings of Willis A. Carto|I chiefly concern myself with those who seldom get a hearing, & I don't feel it is incumbent on me to balance their voices with the well-crafted apologetics of the powerful. The powerful are generally excellently served by the mainstream media or propaganda organs. The powerful should be quoted, yes, but to measure their pronouncements against the truth, not to obscure it.
Gal Gadot|I think clothes are very much a representation of your attitude and the way you feel. I really love to be dressed down, though.
Murasaki Shikibu, The Tale of Genji|The wood-carver can fashion whatever he will. Yet his products are but toys of the moment, to be glanced at in jest, not fashioned according to any precept or law. When times change, the carver too will change his style and make new trifles to hit the fancy of the passing day. But there is another kind of artist, who sets more soberly about his work, striving to give real beauty to the things which men actually use and to give to them the shape which tradition has ordained. This maker of real things must not for a moment be confused with the maker of idle toys.
B. Carroll Reece|If the Constitution is worth anything, if the Declaration of Independence is worth anything, if the boys who died on the field of battle did not die in vain, fair employment practices are correct and necessary.
Agnes Kamara-umunna, And Still Peace Did Not Come: A Memoir of Reconciliation|Over time, I have come to believe that there is a killer and a saint in all of us. But...I choose to focus on the future and the *potential* in people.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|It was only a sunny smile, and little it cost in the giving, but like morning light it scattered the night and made the day worth living.
C. JoyBell C.|The way my mind flows is conducive to self-learning. I do better obsessively studying various writers and writing techniques and writing theories on my own than I would do if I were in a classroom and the professor was telling me (and 20 other students at the same time) to study these same things. Even if the professor told us to study the exact things I would otherwise be studying on my own, I would have a much harder time applying myself and focusing and taking anything the professor assigned seriously. That’s just the way my mind works–my fear of groupthink, my desire toward (passion for, obsession with) uniqueness and originality and the creation of new things. By studying things on my own, I might arrive at the exact same place others arrive at as they study amongst their peers–but to my mind, this would be okay. I at least would have arrived there (at those thoughts, at those techniques, at those ideas and approaches and whatever-else-have-you) on my own. And that’s just me.
Tim Heidecker|People get excited around me and behave differently than they would normally. I don't feel different from anyone else, except that I drive a racing car round in circles faster than somebody else.
Mickey Mantle|Life is full of all sorts of setbacks and twists and turns and disappointments. The character of this team will be how well you will come back from this letdown, this defeat. You could still be a great team and you can still accomplish great things as football players but it's going to take a real resolve to do it." -Coach Ladouceur
Katie Neipris|But everything evened out eventually, didn’t it – every wave subsided, lapsed back into the ocean, returning, giving them time to put themselves back together again. He was her moon. He balanced out her tides.
James Castleton, MD, Mending of a Broken Heart|Natural lovers remain committed to the circumstances of their marriage as long as it continues to work for them. Because persons of faith remain committed to their marriage, regardless of circumstances, it continues to work for them.
Dhani Jones|Actually, I started to become an actress because I met someone who was just a friend and I found his life wonderful, I thought, Oh my god, you can travel, you're free, you can do what you want, you're the boss. And then I met an actor and I was in love with him.
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|Continuously, in commemoration of the FriendWe drank wine, even before the creation of the vine.
James Tamara|Seek God's inspiration first, then you will become an inspiration to someone else.
Mohith Agadi|I'm on my way...don't know where to, but my road is build with metaphors and nonsense
John Wooden|What if..." is my philosophy. I won't say it's plays like a broken record, no, it plays like a I hit the continuous repeat button on a one song playlist. When I see people who are pained and stressed by the world their trapped in, I ask, "What if?" and create their story about why they're constantly rolling their eyes behind their spouses back, then paste a smile when needed. We weren't born to live a life of misery, don't ever believe it. That's just not how it is, it's never too late to find your voice. Dig deep, grasp it and roar.
G.K. Chesterton, Manalive|When someone who's starved of love is shown something that looks like sincere affection, is it any wonder that she jumps at it and clings to it?
Ophelia London, Falling for Her Soldier|Therapy can’t erase scars, it only makes it easier to live with them. — Duke
Northern Adams, Mickey and the Gargoyle|If you tell someone you have depression, they will often say, "Oh, I've been depressed before, too." The difference lies between being depressed and having depression. Everyone's been depressed at one time or another, but these are far from being the same things. One is a passing mood. The other is a chronic illness that does not come and go, ebb and flow, is here one day and gone the next.The difference between being depressed and having depression is that one is a mood and the other is an illness. One is a momentary bout of melancholy. The other is a debilitating condition that requires medical treatment. Would you feel better about having a cancerous lesion if I likened it to the rash I had last week?The difference between being depressed and having depression is the difference between a mood that will soon pass, and a serious illness that disrupts your ability to function and will take years to treat. The difference between being depressed and having depression is the difference between Cleveland and Bangkok, or your frying pan and the surface of the sun.So, no, we (depressives) do not feel better when you tell us about your rash. We'll do our best to be polite about it, but no, it really doesn't help at all.
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|There is truth and beauty in all religions. It’s the separation between them that creates difficulty. Instead of looking at what they have in common, which is plentiful, they spend too much time arguing about how they’re different.
D.E. Stevenson, Listening Valley|Most people, looking back at their childhood, see it as a misty country half-forgotten or only to be remembered through an evocative sound or scent, but some episodes of those short years remain clear and brightly coloured like a landscape seen through the wrong end of a telescope.
Anthony Liccione|I met a woman who told me she wasn't attracted to Asians. No worries, I said. I'm not attracted to racists.
Anne Carson, Grief Lessons: Four Plays by Euripides|Life in the movie business is like the beginning of a new love affair: it's full of surprises, and you're constantly getting fucked.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the pages of a book, we find greatest solitude.
Stacey O'Neale, Under His Skin|You should go upstairs and relax a little. Take a nap or read one of those books that make your cheeks burn."	She playfully squinted at him. "How would you know what I look like when I read?"	He leaned forward, crossing his arms on the table. "I like watching you read."	"Really?" she questioned.	"Why?"	"It's sexy the way you react to the stories," he whispered. "Your gestures are usually simple like a giggle or a gasp. But occasionally, your nipples harden.
Shannon L. Alder|Kindness is as simple as being grateful for the love anyone has shown you, by not destroying them because it isn't on your terms.
Ezra Taft Benson|My young sisters, we have such hope for you. We have such great expectations for you. Don't settle for less than what the Lord wants you to be...Give me a young woman who loves home and family, who reads and ponders the scriptures daily, who has a burning testimony of the Book of Mormon... Give me a young woman who is virtuous and who has maintained her personal purity, who will not settle for less than a temple marriage, and I will give you a young woman who will perform miracles for the Lord now and throughout eternity.
Christina Carson, Suffer the Little Children|The evening before I departed I stood on the rim of a lagoon on Isla Rabida. Flamingos rode on its dark surface like pink swans, apparently asleep. Small, curved feathers, shed from their breasts, drifted away from them over the water on a light breeze. I did not move for an hour. It was a moment of such peace, every troubled thread in a human spirit might have uncoiled and sorted itself into a graceful order. Other flamingos stood in the shallows with diffident elegance in the falling light, not feeding but only staring off toward the ocean. They seemed a kind of animal I had never quite seen before.
Scott Spencer, Endless Love|Thank you.It used to be knee length, but then I discovered that when I get angry I like to cut things.I'm not allowed to have scissors any more.It's still pretty lengthy, but I've been threatening to shave half of it for the past week and nobody seems to believe me...I do it all myself though because I scream when I'm touched and that scares people.
Kevin DeYoung|My objection to the death penalty is based on the idea that this is a democracy, and in a democracy the government is me, and if the government kills somebody then I'm killing somebody.
Bindi Irwin|My dad actually makes the best cookies. My mum is great baker, too, but doesn't share them - it's tantalising! Luckily for me though, my dad shares his!
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Money has the power to get, all that you want.Money has the power to make you forget, all that you want.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you have the grace speak, declare sacred-utterances.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|Target your random acts of kindness, to keep a tally of who owes what
Chico Xavier|The soul that acquires the virtue of forgiveness won't find any more trouble. No matter what happens, he will know how to run his life ...
David Lynch, Catching the Big Fish: Meditation, Consciousness, and Creativity|I've tried to tell the truth. But I would say that, wouldn't I? In any case it has to be my truth. What other truth could I possibly know?
P.S. Berryman|Who am I, Joshua? Name me.
Marianne Williamson|There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do.
Frank Herbert, Heretics of Dune|I believe that humans are on an evolutionary path where brain usage will escalate beyond the current 10% standard, and as we evolve, so will our “ESP” abilities. Today, more and more children are born already possessing these abilities, and it’s appropriate we adjust to the new world reality already happening.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|Holy shadows of the dead, I am not to blame for your cruel and bitter fate, but the accursed rivalry which brought sister nations and brother people to fight one another. I do not feel happy for this victory of mine. On the contrary, I would be glad, brothers, if I had all of you standing here next to me, since we are united by the same language, the same blood and the same vi
Aprilynne Pike, Spells|Her two worlds, two lives that she tried so hard to keep separate, were crashing together. And she felt helpless to stop it.
Robin McKinley, Sunshine|So, what do you do when you know you have two days to live? Eat an entire Bitter Chocolate Death cake all by myself. Reread my favorite novel. Buy eight dozen roses from the best florist in town--the super expensive ones, the ones that smell like roses rather than merely looking like them--and put them all over my apartment. Take a good long look at everyone I love.
Ella James, Sloth|I could entice you with words,” he said. “Someday, I want to touch you only with my voice and tease you only with my words. I want to watch as you quiver with longing, as your body goes soft and slick. I want to watch the fire build inside you, and I want to make you explode before I even brush a finger over your skin.
Raini Rodriguez|I knew that I was a gay boy fairly early; what was interesting to me was that my mother didn't know. She made me play baseball - I had no desire to do that. I said, 'Mom, I don't like direct sunlight, I don't like bugs, I don't like grass, and I'd rather be in the house playing with your fabric samples.'
Alison Weir, Innocent Traitor|His handsome face is suffused with rage. He stands before me shaking, then to my disgust, bursts into noisy tears; "I shall tell my mother of you!" he sobs and crashes out of the chamber
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|The most important reason for going from one place to another is to see what's in between, and they took great pleasure in doing just that.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|There is no such thing as a good decision and a bad decision. There are only decisions. Make them, fuck up, enjoy, repeat.
Malcolm X|For in the end, freedom is a personal and lonely battle; and one faces down fears of today so that those of tomorrow might be engaged.
Bharath Mamidoju|Progress is a wonderful thing of course, and I can appreciate the lactiferins that are sprinkled on the pasture to turn the grass to cheese. And yet this lack of cows, however rational it may be, gives one the feeling that the fields and meadows, deprived of their phlegmatic, bemusedly ruminating presence, are pitifully empty.
C.K. Kelly Martin, My Beating Teenage Heart|To be sane, he held, was either to be sedated by melancholy or activated by hysteria, two responses which were 'always and equally warranted for those of sound insight'. All others were irrational, merely symptoms of imaginations left idle, of memories out of work. And above these mundane responses, the only elevation allowable, the only valid transcendence, was a sardonic one: a bliss that annihilated the universe with jeers of dark joy, a mindful ecstasy. Anything else in the way of 'mysticism' was a sign of deviation or distraction, and a heresy to the obvious. (“The Medusa”)
C. JoyBell C.|People have this dream of being unreachable. They build a name for themselves and then finally fulfill their dream of "being more important." Which just shows they were born from down below. Because when you're born from up above, your dreams have nowhere to go but downwards! And you dream of doing things in order to meet people, to know them, to understand the smallest importances!
Shirley Temple Black|Ah my friend, if you and I could escape this fray and live forever, never a trace of age, immortal, I would never fight on the front lines again or command you to the field where men win fame.
Rosamunde Pilcher, Winter Solstice|They're not poodles, they're art.
John Milton|If we knew exactly the laws of nature and the situation of the universe at the initial moment, we could predict exactly the situation of the same universe at a succeeding moment.
Victoria  Roberts, Kill or Be Kilt|She stood there, rooted to the spot, until he murmured, “Relax, this is all part of our cover.”His words were like ice water right in the face. He’d just kissed her as part of their cover. That brief brush over her lips and she didn’t want to relax, she wanted to take all his clothes off. Peel that charcoal gray suit off him and kiss every inch of his ripped, naked body.Instead of indulging in that insanity and getting arrested for public indecency—and tearing open old wounds—she took a small step back. Just like that, she could breathe again.
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|When your family is twice as weird as normal, you have to be twice as polite to authority, because authority hates weird.
Marie de France|And I want to do it the right way, like everybody else, not just a famous figurehead that gets a job because he is a famous basketball player. I want to really learn the business.
Aleksandar Hemon|I gradually became aware that my interiority was inseparable from my exteriority, that the geography of my city was the geography of my soul.
Christian Bovee|When all else is lost, the future still remains.
Helen M. Ingram|My mind is the pendant, creativity is the chain
Courtney Brandt, Confessions of a Teenage Band Geek|Myron, all six feet of super cuteness, comes forward. He smiles and I almost die, because he has one adorable dimple. Instead of getting embarrassed about his first name, he offers his hand and says, “Call me McDaniel.
Ren Ng|Light-field photography is a transformational technology that needs a transformational product to introduce it. For the first time, we have a light-field camera that's going to be for everyone - not something in a huge room in a research facility.
Samuel Butler|Here is the test to find whether your mission on Earth is finished: if you're alive, it isn't.
Julianna Baggott, Fuse|But there it is: Everyone is alone, for life, and maybe that's not such a bad thing.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If the humanity does not poison the minds of the children with all sort of religious craps, the new generations of humanity will soon create a new world order where reason and logic will be the sole guide, the sole savior!
Karl Barth, Dogmatics in Outline|The nativity mystery “conceived from the Holy Spirit and born from the Virgin Mary”, means, that God became human, truly human out of his own grace. The miracle of the existence of Jesus , his “climbing down of God” is: Holy Spirit and Virgin Mary! Here is a human being, the Virgin Mary, and as he comes from God, Jesus comes also from this human being. Born of the Virgin Mary means a human origin for God. Jesus Christ is not only truly God, he is human like every one of us. He is human without limitation. He is not only similar to us, he is like us.
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|To the everlasting credit of the people of District 12, not one person claps. Not even the ones holding betting slips, the ones who are usually beyond caring. Possibly because they know me from the Hob, or knew my father, or have encountered Prim, who no one could help loving. So instead of acknowledging applause, I stand there unmoving while they take part in the boldest form of dissent they can manage. Silence. Which says we do not agree. We do not condone. All of this is wrong.
Don Marquis|She thinks that charm is a form of intelligence, and she respects the intelligence.
Margie Warrell, Find Your Courage!|When it comes to words Mamma says, "If they are not good, then maybe they should not be said.
Michael Landon Jr.|Somebody should tell us, right at the start of our lives, that we are dying. Then we might live life to the limit, every minute of every day. Do it! I say. Whatever you want to do, do it now! There are only so many tomorrows.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|Poetry, she thought, wasn't written to be analyzed; it was meant to inspire without reason, to touch without understanding.
Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex|Work on good prose has three steps: a musical stage when it is composed, an architectonic one when it is built, and a textile one when it is woven.
Georgette Heyer, The Grand Sophy|What is a flower? A giant sexual organ in its Sunday best. The truth has been known for a long time, yet, over-aged adolescents that we are, we persist in speaking sentimental drives about the delicacy of flowers. We construct idiotic phrases like "So-and-so is in the flower of his youth", which is as absurd as saying "in the vagina of his youth".
Herodotus|If you were given one wish, what would you wish for? To wish no more.
Charles Dickens|He was rather a low sort of pony. The fact is, he had been originally jobbed out by the day, and he never quite got over his old habits. He was clever in melodrama too, but too broad--too broad. When the mother died, he took the port-wine business.''The port-wine business!' cried Nicholas.'Drinking port-wine with the clown,' said the manager; 'but he was greedy, and one night bit off the bowl of the glass, and choked himself, so his vulgarity was the death of him at last.
Pamela Anderson|Mr. Trump of course feels sorry for what the Khan family has gone through, just, frankly, as he felt sorry for the victims that spoke before the Republican Convention who lost loved ones from illegal immigrant criminals coming in and being able to travel the country freely.
Blake Mycoskie|Every year, August lashes out in volcanic fury, rising with the din of morning traffic, its great metallic wings smashing against the ground, heating the air with ever-increasing intensity.
Rosette Mugidde Wamambe|When you do not have your clear definition of what success looks like, you tend to feel unsuccessful every time other people talk about their success.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|I will have to rely on that painful teacher, experience.
Justo L. González|Finally, Christians were accused of being subversive, for they refused to worship the emperor and thus destroyed the very fiber of society. The apologists answered that it was true that they refused to worship the emperor or any other creature, but that in spite of this they were loyal subjects of the empire. What the emperor needs—they said—is not to be worshiped, but to be served; and those who serve him best are those who pray for him and for the empire to the only true God.
Mario Vargas Llosa, The War of the End of the World|The more you let God into your life,the more the Devil intensifies his work..
Amy Andrews, Playing the Player|But...a vibrator can’t hold you in its arms or give you the full-body experience.”Em clamped down on the wicked surge of heat between her legs, thinking about a full-body experience with Lincoln Quinn. “It’s not going to make me lie in the wet spot, either.”“It can’t snuggle with you after,” he countered with another laugh.Em snorted. “And that’s your specialty, is it? Hanging around for pillow talk?”“I’ll have you know I give very good pillow talk.”Sure. And Elvis was alive and living at Henley Stadium. “Right,” she muttered. “Of course you do.”“I really do.” He nodded. “Most women seem to be more interested in me giving them good head, but hey, I’m a full service kinda guy.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|The truth is like Light, it can never be Hidden. Is a matter of time
Hermann Hesse, Demian. Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend|Novelists when they write novels tend to take an almost godlike attitude toward their subject, pretending to a total comprehension of the story, a man's life, which they can therefore recount as God Himself might, nothing standing between them and the naked truth, the entire story meaningful in every detail. I am as little able to do this as the novelist is, even though my story is more important to me than any novelist's is to him - for this is my story; it is the story of a man, not of an invented, or possible, or idealized, or otherwise absent figure, but of a unique being of flesh and blood, Yet, what a real living human being is made of seems to be less understood today than at any time before, and men - each one of whom represents a unique and valuable experiment on the part of nature - are therefore shot wholesale nowadays. If we were not something more than unique human beings, if each one of us could really be done away with once and for all by a single bullet, storytelling would lose all purpose. But every man is more than just himself; he also represents the unique, the very special and always significant and remarkable point at which the world's phenomena intersect, only once in this way and never again. That is why every man's story is important, eternal, sacred; that is why every man, as long as he lives and fulfills the will of nature, is wondrous, and worthy of every consideration. In each individual the spirit has become flesh, in each man the creation suffers, within each one a redeemer is nailed to the cross.
Raf Simons|Over the years, I've become barraged by comments from people, such as, 'Beam me up, Scotty!' and I became defensive. I felt they were derisive and engendered an attitude. I am grateful for the success, but didn't want to be mocked.
Nancy Woodruff, My Wife's Affair|(Peter) If you don't share the lows, it seems you might stop sharing the highs as well.
Auliq Ice|Life is full of unfairness but you'll have to deal with it, as long as you're able to take a breath.
Manly Hall|Because some of my at-home life was rough and lonely, I often looked to escape into my imagination. Science fiction provided a deep well to pull from and was something easily accessible to me.
David Wong, John Dies at the End|They wouldn’t even lift a finger to save their own grandmothers from the Ravenous Bugblatter Beast of Traal without orders signed in triplicate, sent in, sent back, queried, lost, found, subjected to public inquiry, lost again, and finally buried in soft peat for three months and recycled as firelighters.
Gregor Wurst, The Gospel of Judas|No cross, no Christian
Reyna Pryde, Bound by Sacrifice|Even if I never get to see the light of heaven, it will still be worth my sacrifice as long as I save you.
Hermann Hesse|If I know what love is, it is because of you.
Sunday Adelaja|We know something about billionaire consumption, but it is hard to measure some of it. Some billionaires are consuming politicians, others consume reporters, and some consume academics...
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, We Should All Be Feminists|I learned a lot about systems of oppression and how they can be blind to one another by talking to black men. I was once talking about gender and a man said to me, "Why does it have to be you as a woman? Why not you as a human being?" This type of question is a way of silencing a person's specific experiences. Of course I am a human being, but there are particular things that happen to me in the world because I am a woman. This same man, by the way, would often talk about his experience as a black man. (To which I should probably have responded, "Why not your experiences as a man or as a human being? Why a black man?")
Mindy Kaling, Why Not Me?|...you need the tiniest bit of bravery. People get scared when you try to do something, especially when it looks like you're succeeding. People do not get scared when you are failing. It calms them. That's why the show Intervention is a hit and everyone loves "worrying about" Amanda Bynes.
Adam Smith, The Wealth of Nations|In regards to the price of commodities, the rise of wages operates as simple interest does, the rise of profit operates like compound interest. Our merchants and masters complain much of the bad effects of high wages in raising the price and lessening the sale of goods. They say nothing concerning the bad effects of high profits. They are silent with regard to the pernicious effects of their own gains. They complain only of those of other people.
Erckmann-Chatrian, Reign of Terror Volume 2: Great Victorian Horror Stories|The moon was coming slowly up over the hill in front of them. The countryside was bathed in light, pale and cold and silvery. Everything could be seen quite plainly, and Lotta and Jimmy thought it was just like daytime with the colours missing.
Criss Jami, Healology|No matter how kind you are, always expect a few imbeciles.
John Cena|I tend to write on an acoustic guitar or the piano. I have kind of a rule: if I can't sit down and play this and get the song over, I don't take it to the band, because most any good song, you can sit down and deliver it with a piano or a guitar.
Tina Reber, Love Unscripted|I never understood how men could remember all those details about sports but, yet, were incapable of remembering where they set their car keys or wallet.
Raul Julia|Wonder Woman is a fighter, better than most, but it's what she fights for that is important. It's her vision of a future of peace and acceptance that makes her the right ambassador for everyone.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Hope for love, pray for love, wish for love, dream for love…but don’t put your life on hold waiting for love.
Junayd|Treat this world as I do, like a wayfarer; like a horseman who stops in the shade of a tree for a time, and then moves on.
Amanda  Steele, The Cliff|[Referring to rape] It already is bigger than everything else. It lives in front of me, behind me, next to me, inside me every single day. My schedule is dictated by it, my habits by it, my music by it.
Queen Latifah|The right really dominates radio, and it's amazing how much energy the right spends telling us that the press is slanted to the left when it really isn't. They want to shut other people up. They really don't understand the First Amendment.
G.H. Hardy|One thing the American defense establishment has traditionally understood very well is that countries don't win wars just by being braver than the other side, or freer, or slightly preferred by God. The winners are usually the guys who get 5% fewer of their planes shot down, or use 5% less fuel, or get 5% more nutrition into their infantry at 95% of the cost.
Oscar A. Romero, The Violence of Love|Let us be today’s Christians. Let us not take fright at the boldness of today’s church. With Christ’s light let us illuminate even the most hideous caverns of the human person: torture, jail, plunder, want, chronic illness. The oppressed must be saved, not with a revolutionary salvation, in mere human fashion, but with the holy revolution of the Son of Man, who dies on the cross to cleanse God’s image, which is soiled in today’s humanity, a humanity so enslaved, so selfish, so sinful.
Michael Jordan|I'm the best there is, the best there was, and the best there ever will be.
Erik Pevernagie|If love has taken us for a ride and passion made us ignore sham and swindle, the time has come to separate the wheat from the chaff and polish up diamonds of trust, neatly, day by day. ("Taken for a ride")
Marcel Proust|I put down my cup and examine my own mind. It is for it to discover the truth. But how? What an abyss of uncertainty whenever the mind feels that some part of it has strayed beyond its own borders; when it, the seeker, is at once the dark region through which it must go seeking, where all its equipment will avail it nothing. Seek? More than that: create. It is face to face with something which does not so far exist, to which it alone can give reality and substance, which it alone can bring into the light of day.
Guru Nanak, Sri Guru Granth Sahib|The world is a drama, staged in a dream
Greg Graffin|I just had a crazy, wild imagination all my life, and science fiction is the greatest outlet for me.
Rosa Zagnoni Marinoni|Each generation of the church in each setting has the responsibility of communicating the gospel in understandable terms, considering the language and thought-forms of that setting.
Rainn Wilson|The most famous rumor for me is that I had throat cancer. I never had throat cancer... I don't know why that started... The way I sing, probably.
Max Strom|In the fluid world of 1919, it was possible to dream of great change, or have nightmares about the collapse of order.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|All hate is hurt, all compassion is understanding
Kelli Swofford Nielsen, Journey to the Fringe|A person you loved has used you and hurt you, but there are more people to love, new paths to pursue, and noble tasks that only you can accomplish-for you and for your entire kingdom. If you must dwell on something dwell on that.
Sarah Dessen, This Lullaby|To be a decent writer you must have both empathy and imagination. While these attributes aid your art, they can plague your soul. You don’t simply suffer your own sadness, experience your own longing and worry about your own wife and children, you are burdened with experiencing the emotional states of multitudes of others you don’t know.
Voltaire|I believe it will have become evident why, for me, adjectives such as happy, contented, blissful, enjoyable, do not seem quite appropriate to any general description of this process I have called the good life, even though the person in this process would experience each one of these at the appropriate times. But adjectives which seem more generally fitting are adjectives such as enriching, exciting, rewarding, challenging, meaningful. This process of the good life is not, I am convinced, a life for the faint-fainthearted. It involves the stretching and growing of becoming more and more of one's potentialities. It involves the courage to be. It means launching oneself fully into the stream of life. Yet the deeply exciting thing about human beings is that when the individual is inwardly free, he chooses as the good life this process of becoming.
Jacob K. Javits|The timing of death, like the ending of a story, gives a changed meaning to what preceded it.
George R. R. Martin|A river is a river, independent of whether there are other rivers nearby. In science, we call things what they are based on their attributes, not what they're next to.
Daniel Kahneman, Thinking, Fast and Slow|The law (of least effort) asserts that if there are several ways of achieving the same goal, people will eventually gravitate to the least demanding course of action. In the economy of action, effort is a cost, and the acquisition of skill is driven by the balance of benefits and costs. Laziness is built deep into our nature.
Jane Seville, Zero at the Bone|now look, she said, stretched out on the bed, I don’t want anything personal, let’s just do it, I don’t want to get involved, got it? she kicked off her high-heeled shoes… sure, he said, standing there, let’s just pretend that we’ve already done it, there’s nothing less involved than that, is there? what the hell do you mean? she asked. I mean, he said, I’d rather drink anyhow. and he poured himself one. it was a lousy night in Vegas and he walked to the window and looked out at the dumb lights. you a fag? she asked, you a god damned fag? no, he said. you don’t have to get shitty,...
Abha Maryada Banerjee, Nucleus: Power Women: Lead from the Core|No, sir. I make it a rule of mine: The more it looks like Queer Street, the less I ask.
Jimmy Breslin|When mom died, my old roommate, Jimmy, said that in an alternate dimension, an alternate me might have a worse life.”“Now that's comforting,” said Murphy.
Danny Meyer|The thing I'm most focused on today is, how am I maximizing the effectiveness of the leadership team, and what am I doing to nurture it?
Irene Hunt, Up a Road Slowly|We are what we are, Nial, neither as good or as evil as others paint us. And what we are doesn't change how truly we feel, only how free we are to follow those feelings.
Daniel Barenboim|Making words rhyme for a living is one of the great joys of my life... That's a superpower I've been very conscious of developing. I started at the same level as everybody else, and then I just listened to more music and talked to myself until it was an actual superpower I could pull out on special occasions.
Jill Clayburgh|It's difficult to keep that perspective, I think, as a parent: to know your boundaries as to what's good parenting or just projecting your own expectations on your kids. That's the hardest.
Luna DeMasi, The Black Swan Company|I wish my talent was something that could be celebrated. You see, I can talk to the dead.
Sensei Darian Stokes|The greatest warrior is not he who conquers his enemies, but he who conquers himself.
Lisa Wingate, Firefly Island|If Mother had to be told not to shove the entire brick of Ivory up Junior's hindquarters, constipation is the least of his problems.
