Star Trek The Next Generation|Every challenge in your life works out in the long run. If you can adopt this mindset, you’ll face your challenges with the knowledge and courage that it all works out in the end. You’ll no longer fear them and you’ll look forward to the lessons to be learned from every experience...
Stephen Richards, Lost in Care: The True Story of a Forgotten Child|You haven't seen yourself until you look through the eyes of your characters."~Tanela Hicks
Robert K. Tanenbaum, No Lesser Plea|They wish to make a medical thing of evil. Madness is also such a useful metaphor, for that which we would rather not face...
William Shakespeare, As You Like It|Men are April when they woo, December when they wed. Maids are May when they are maids, but the sky changes when they are wives.
Shannon L. Alder|You will know if you are on the right path when God directs your choices, not your spouse or significant other.
Auliq Ice|Girls are like Pokemon, it doesn't matter how good you are, you can't catch any if you don't have any balls.
Alex Morgan|Perseverance is a positive, active characteristic.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without the earth, where can humankind live?
Heidi Klum|You cannot be an educator or a teacher without relating to children with full insight. Their urge to imitate has been transformed into a receptivity based on a natural and uncontested relationship of authority, and you must take this into account in the broadest possible sense.
Andy Zaltzman|New Labour leader Ed Miliband announces plan to 'make this party slightly less unelectable by 2015'. He added: 'I am Ed, the Almighty One.'Defeated brother David Miliband overheard muttering: 'Now I know how Wayne Christ felt after little Jesus came along.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|When you get lost in a really strange place, nothing is more comforting than found your friend whom you trust and can show the way.
Taylor Kinney|Years later I would hear my father say the divorce had left him dating his children. That still meant picking us up every Sunday for a matinee and, if he had the money, an early dinner somewhere.
Julia Kristeva|The depressed person is a radical, sullen atheist.
Elaine N. Aron, The Highly Sensitive Person: How to Thrive When the World Overwhelms You|With sensitive children, physical blows or traumas aren't required to make them afraid of the dark.
Salman Rushdie|You have only one life! Take a chance, make a change, and live!
Dean Hale|At some point, our lips met and it was perhaps the most wonderful thing I'd ever experienced. And truly, I guess there wasn't just one kiss, but several. A polite frenzy. A mass migration of delicate wildebeest kisses. I remember them as one transcendent event, though.
Hermann Hesse|It is easier to bear the worries of wandering than to find peace in your hometown, where only the sage can live in a happy house surrounded by trite troubles and daily distractions.
Michelle Franklin, I Hate Summer: My tribulations with seasonal depression, anxiety, plumbers, spiders, neighbours, and the world.|My doctor has given me as strong an antihistamine as she is allowed to prescribe, but even that does nothing for the itching and swelling. The moment a grain of pollen enters the keep, I begin to tomato, and after two minutes of being exposed to the Ejaculateum Arboratoeaea, I am lying on the ground with my tongue lolling out of the side of my mouth.I am heartily glad that the trees and plants are still interested in copulatory activities; I only wish they would be so good as to keep their sperm away from my face. Do not pretend that pollen is anything else; it transfers haploid male genetic material and sullies the bedclothes unmercifully.
Debasish Mridha|If everyone takes one action for peace every day, our future generations will be able to enjoy peace.
Siren Waroe|He had to hold his body very still, very still, like some vessel about to slosh over from too much motion. Gradually he managed to get control of his breathing. His excited heart beat more steadily; the pounding of the waves inside him subsided slowly. And suddenly solitude fell across his heart like a dusky reflection. He closed his eyes. The dark doors within him opened, and he entered. The next performance in the theatre of his soul was beginning.
Jonathan Edwards|Worship is the proper response of all moral, sentient beings to God, ascribing all honor and worth to their Creator-God precisely because he is worthy, delightfully so.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|When you are loved well, you want more of it. The only reason I believe anyone would not desire to be a disciple of Christ is because they fail to realize just how well loved they are by him. How could you not want to be with someone who loves you well?
Philip Larkin, The Whitsun Weddings and Selected Poems of Philip Larkin|I strike the ground with the soles of my feet and life rises up my legs, spreads up my skeleton, takes possession of me, drives away distress and sweetens my memory. The world trembles.
Joan Didion|I may not be a king or a queen, but I'll be damned if I'm not treated like royalty.
Jennifer H. Westall, Healing Ruby|What about you? What are you going to be?” I knew immediately I shouldn’t have asked. His smile faded, and he looked down at his hands in his lap. I’d about had enough of tiptoeing around his illness. “How do you expect God to heal you if you don’t even believe it?” I spoke firmly to make sure my own heart got the message as well. “I believe that you, Matthew Doyle, are going to be fine someday. So when I ask you what you want to do with your life, I ask cause I know you’re going to have a life! I’m tired of all this moping around waiting to die malarkey.” He raised his eyebrows and pushed himself forward in the chair. “I know what you believe, Ruby. You been saying it since the day you got here. And I ain’t getting any better. You’re just putting me in a position of disappointing you, and I can’t hardly stand that. Don’t you think I want a life?” “I don’t know. Do you?” “Of course I do!
Justin Cartwright|Former Sen. Alan Simpson of Wyoming, the co-author of the 1986 Simpson-Mazzoli immigration reform bill, has said the failure of that bill was a function of the lack of an ID card system.
John McCain, Faith of My Fathers: A Family Memoir|In prison, I fell in love with my country. I had loved her before then, but like most young people, my affection was little more than a simple appreciation for the comforts and privileges most Americans enjoyed and took for granted. It wasn't until I had lost America for a time that I realized how much I loved her. 
Edmund Burke|Society is indeed a contract ... it becomes a participant not only between those who are living, those who are dead, and those who are to be born.
Robert De Niro|Generally speaking, writers who have been at it for a while, and who are any good at it, suffer from an acute kind of self-knowledge. The unexamined life is not a risk for them.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|I’ve witnessed, incognito, the gradual collapse of my life, the slow foundering of all I wanted to be. I can say, with a truth that needs no flowers to show it’s dead, that there’s nothing I’ve wanted - and nothing in which I’ve placed, even for a moment, the dream of only that moment - that hasn’t disintegrated below my windows like a clod of dirt that resembled stone until it fell from a flowerpot on a high balcony. It would even seem that Fate has always tried to make me love or want things just so that it could show me, on the very next day, that I didn’t have and could never have them.
Keith Ellison, My Country 'Tis of Thee|I raised my right hand and placed my left on the Quran, which was being held by my wife and mom. Suddenly, I was blinded by a cascade of camera flashes...
Joy Jennings, I'm Not Your "Baby": An Australian woman's tortured life of sexual harassment and assault|I had stripped naked in front of men. Drunk. In morning’s somber brightness I tried to remember why I had done it. Total exposure had seemed like the only way to be seen more clearly, heard, but now it seemed the opposite: a wild act that would define me.
Barbara Bradley Hagerty, Life Reimagined: The Science, Art, and Opportunity of Midlife|At the bottom of every dilemma, he says, is fear, and the brain always prefers the bird in the hand to venturing into the bush, even if you are clutching a scrawny black crow.
Mark Epstein|We look to the accumulation of sensory pleasures to give our lives meaning. We have the ability now to consume anything we want and this capacity far exceeds our actual needs. With so much at our fingertips, a kind of gluttony pervades our mind-sets.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Wherever there is abuse there is also corruption. Politics, philosophy, theology, science, industry, any field with the potential to affect the well-being of others can be destroyed by abuse and saved by good will.
Wu Wei, I Ching Wisdom: More Guidance from the Book of Answers|Everything that happens, happens at the only possible time it can happen, and it is always at exactly the right time.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|He loved his family, his friends, his writing, his painting; he knew their flaws, but they neither surprised nor embittered him.
Marian Keyes, Under the Duvet: Shoes, Reviews, Having the Blues, Builders, Babies, Families and Other Calamities|When I opened my case in the hotel, he gestured excitedly at my snakeskin sandals, turquoise suede wedges and silver-speckled jellies. “But you’ve loads of shoes,” he bellowed joyfully. I shook my head sadly. Men just don’t get it, do they? They’re definitely missing the shoe chromosome.
M. Rickert, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|All life is death. You don't fool yourself about this anymore. You slash at the perfect canvas with strokes of paint and replace the perfect picture of your imagination with the reality of what you are capable of. From death, and sorrow, and compromise, you create. This is what it means, you finally realize, to be alive. ("The Chambered Fruit")
Elizabeth George, A Woman's Guide to Making Right Choices|Living in the Spirit changes your attitude, thinking, and ultimately your actions.
Mike Colter|I'm very tired, but this is what every filmmaker dreams about: that their $15 million, under-the-radar film is now being seen by so many people.
Aimee Mullins|Beauty, like ice, our footing does betray; Who can tread sure on the smooth, slippery way: Pleased with the surface, we glide swiftly on, And see the dangers that we cannot shun.
Diane Wolkstein, First Love Stories: From Isis and Osiris to Tristan and Iseult|There was a choice to be made, and Lena hadn't made it. The songs never lied. At least, they hadn't yet.
Amy Hennig|One's own free unfettered choice, one's own caprice, however wild it may be, one's own fancy worked up at times to frenzy -- is that very "most advantageous advantage" which we have overlooked, which comes under no classification and against which all systems and theories are continually being shattered to atoms. And how do these wiseacres know that man wants a normal, a virtuous choice? What has made them conceive that man must want a rationally advantageous choice? What man wants is simply independent choice, whatever that independence may cost and wherever it may lead. And choice, of course, the devil only knows what choice.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Why do you call Me, 'Lord, Lord,' and do not do what I say? (Luke 6:46)
Charles Dickens|He was too well accustomed to suffering, and had suffered too much where he was, to bewail the prospect of change very severely.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you work all day, when can you connect with your soul?
John Avlon|Many years ago, I was actually hired to write the sequel to 'Independence Day.' And I wrote a sequel. And they paid me a boatload of money to go write this thing. And after I wrote it, I read it and I gave them back the money and I said, 'Look, this is an okay movie I just wrote. But it's not worthy of the sequel to 'Independence Day.'
Jasmine Warga, My Heart and Other Black Holes|I wonder if that's how darkness wins, by convincing us to trap it inside ourselves, instead of emptying it out.I don't want it to win.
Anonymous|Philosophy is like being in a dark room and looking for a black cat.Metaphysics is like being in a dark room and looking for a black cat that isn't there.Theology is like being in a dark room and looking for a black cat that isn't there, and shouting "I found it!"Science is like being in a dark room looking for a black cat while using a flashlight.
Kellyn Roth, The Lady of the Vineyard|Women withhold sex, then men make it boring and soon their marriage is over.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|Great heroes need great sorrows and burdens, or half their greatness goes unnoticed. It is all part of the fairy tale.
Erma Bombeck|When humor goes, there goes civilization.
Ilona Andrews, Steel's Edge|Sophie raised her head. Light filtering through the trees dappled her face. “Hawk.”Charlotte looked up as well. A bird of prey soared above the treetops, circling around them.“It’s dead,” Sophie said. “George is guiding it. He is very powerful.”The realization washed over Charlotte in a cold gush of embarrassment. “Is George spying on Richard and me?”“Always,” Sophie said. “All those perfect manners are a sham. He spies on everyone and everything. Declan hasn’t been able to conduct a single business meeting in the past year without George’s knowing all the details. He does let go when you make love. He is a prude.”“‘Prude’ is a coarse word. He has a sense of tact,” Charlotte corrected before she caught herself.“A sense of tact,” Sophie repeated, tasting the words. “Thank you. The other one is somewhere around here, too.”“The other one?”Sophie surveyed the woods. “I can smell you, Jack!”“No, you can’t,” a distant voice answered
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Be Weird, at least you will have a unique Personality.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|Sometimes, you have to manufacture your own history. Give fate a push, so to speak.
Arap yegon chitabkoret|The dysfunction was not the character of one person, it was the split of family by divorce, with the ripples felt for eternity by bloodline.
Cory Doctorow, Eastern Standard Tribe|Everything necessary to understand my grandfather lies between two stories: the story of the tiger’s wife, and the story of the deathless man. These stories run like secret rivers through all the other stories of his life – of my grandfather’s days in the army; his great love for my grandmother; the years he spent as a surgeon and a tyrant of the University. One, which I learned after his death, is the story of how my grandfather became a man; the other, which he told to me, is of how he became a child again.
Elizabeth Strout, Amy and Isabelle|By the time they were pulling into the parking lot of the A&P, the mood was fading, the moment gone. Amy could feel it go. Perhaps it was nothing more than the two doughnuts expanding in her stomach full of milk, but Amy felt a heaviness begin, a familiar turning of some inward tide. As they drove over the bridge the sun seemed to move from a cheerful daytime yellow to an early-evening gold; painful how the gold light hit the riverbanks, rich and sorrowful, drawing from Amy some longing, a craving for joy.
Tim Challies, Do More Better: A Practical Guide to Productivity|Productivity is not what will bring purpose to your life, but what will enable you to excel in living out your existing purpose.
Peter Agre|We grew up devout Catholics, so my trips to San Juan always include going to the churches that we used to go to and lighting candles and everything. Everything I do in San Juan is what I used to do with my mom, kind of as a tribute to her.
Kamel Daoud, The Meursault Investigation|That," said Kail, "was my mother.
S.L. Northey, Good Grieving: Narrative Perspectives of Loss and Bereavement|Man sees what he knows, not what he seesShort story, The Mallard
Ivanka Trump|I have frequently been questioned, especially by women, of how I could reconcile family life with a scientific career. Well, it has not been easy.
Jaspreet Kaur|You should have a kind heart because you are not just a so and so person,you are also an identity who is part of the almighty god,who above all likes kindness because,he is the bestower of all desired attributes but is benevolently looking for kindness from his creation
Rev. Lorna Lorraine Wilson|I believe those of us who have gone through serious hardships become, in some cosmic way, related. We form a tribe of battle veterans and fellow pilgrims suffused with knowledge none of us wanted. And although the admission to the club is unexpected and painful, the people you meet once you are there and the person you become will be with you forever
Emma Goldman|I did not believe that a Cause which stood for a beautiful ideal, for anarchism, for release and freedom from convention and prejudice, should demand the denial of life and joy. I insisted that our Cause could not expect me to become a nun and that the movement would not be turned into a cloister. If it meant that, I did not want it. "I want freedom, the right to self-expression, everybody's right to beautiful, radiant things." Anarchism meant that to me, and I would live it in spite of the whole world — prisons, persecution, everything. Yes, even in spite of the condemnation of my own closest comrades I would live my beautiful ideal.
Compton Gage|One generation passes away, and another generation cometh forth: but the earth abides for ever.
Lindsey Drager, The Sorrow Proper|For a long while they are silent, thinking about abstract things like control and what it means to love an institution that is defined by loss, because a library is such a space and their duty is to encourage the books to leave.
Mark Sisson, Primal Blueprint 21-Day Total Body Transformation: A Step-by-Step, Gene Reprogramming Action Plan|Strong personal relationships are characterised by an ability and willingness to do each other favors. Strive to put family first, then your social circle, and back off on efforts to be a social media superstar.
Katherine Isabelle|I think you have to have a sense of humor about every movie that you're doing. Your character needs to be relatable in a way that, even when you're doing the most bizarre things, sometimes a bit of tongue in cheek is necessary to keep up the believability of it.
David Levithan, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|My face seems too square and my eyes too big, like I'm perpetually surprised, but there's nothing wrong with me that I can fix.
Magnus Nwagu Amudi|In life, everything is built. Have you thought about it. You built who you are, how you want to be perceived, you built your character, you chose to remain where you are, you are your own creator. You can choose to be something else. You are not what you were, you can be anything you choose to build.
Margaret Moore, The Baron's Quest|Outwardly, other than her hair, she had not changed much. She was still more or less the same cool, aloof woman who garnered more respect than affection. On the inside, however, it had been impossible to return to the person she used to be.
Thomas Wolfe|Profit is sweet, even if it comes from deception.
Rick Riordan|You might as well ask an artist to explain his art, or ask a poet to explain his poem. It defeats the purpose. The meaning is only clear thorough the search.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Everyday should be a working day on those difficult tasks. A little bit per day is the only way to make it through. Never feel it can't be done; it can be done with persistent actions, repeated input and consistent attendance!
Philip Roth, The Dying Animal|These girls with old gents don't do it despite the age—they're drawn to the age, they do it for the age. Why? In Consuela's case, because the vast difference in age gives her permission to submit, I think. My age and mystatus give her, rationally, the license to surrender, and surrendering in bed is a not unpleasant sensation. But simultaneously, to give yourself over intimately to a much, much older man provides this sort of younger woman with authority of a kind she cannot get in a sexual arrangement with a younger man. She gets both the pleasures of submission and the pleasures of mastery.
Scarlett Avery, Delightful Temptation|Ms. Scarlett always delivers hot, sexy alphas and this isn't any different. Holy smokes, is this ever HOT! Love her writing and the way she spins a story but adds the HOT factor. Her alphas are phenomenal! - JC
Heather Duffy Stone, This Is What I Want to Tell You|I had the feeling she was going to say something big. One of us had to say it. What happened to us? Where are we going? It was like this silence between us was frozen and we were both feeling our way around it. How is it that two people can need each other so absolutely and then, in moments, not even know how to be next to each other and just be quiet?
Courtney Summers, All the Rage|Caring is weakness, and weakness is death.
Kenny Loggins|Hey, I used to eat at McDonald's: I liked the taste of the food, especially the French fries.
Sarah Skilton, Bruised|People tend to focus on the things that they don't like about themselves. While that's important for change, it's equally important to focus on what they love about themselves. For every one thing you dislike about yourself, think of five things you like about yourself. It's a balancing act.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Time waits for no one so you shouldn't either. Do whatever it is that you can do RIGHT NOW that requires no external approval, acceptance or permission and is aligned with your life purpose. ....Haven't discovered your life purpose yet? No problem! Do what you love that is effortless, creative and helps others along the way. (That's one in the same thing after all. )
Julia Devlin, The Burn List|You land a second strike, this time just on my left cheek. It feels hard already and stings like hell. I imagine the red mark it has left on my behind as I thank you. As the belt catches my right buttock, I squeeze my eyes shut. I know my tears are close. You strike me again and again. You vary the location and the intensity; somehow never letting me settle into a pattern with the pain. I try to keep count in mind, but after fifteen I am lost in the hot, stinging sensation of my behind.
Sarah Darer Littman, Want to Go Private?|…food is capable of feeding far more than a rumbling stomach. Food is life; our well-being demands it. Food is art and magic; it evokes emotion and colors memory, and in skilled hands, meals become greater than the sum of their ingredients. Food is self-evident; plucked right from the ground or vine or sea, its power to delight is immediate. Food is discovery; finding an untried spice or cuisine is for me like uncovering a new element. Food is evolution; how we interpret it remains ever fluid. Food is humanitarian: sharing it bridges cultures, making friends of strangers pleasantly surprised to learn how much common ground they ultimately share.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|And what this is, I realize, is life. I don't want it. I want my parents and I have for weeks. I've been trying to claw my way back to them, and now I am so close and he is telling me not to.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Grief is a curious thing, when it happens unexpectedly. It is a Band-aid being ripped away, taking the top layer off a family. And the underbelly of a household is never pretty, ours no exception.
Edgar Allan Poe, Alone|From childhood's hour I have not beenAs others were; I have not seenAs others saw; I could not bringMy passions from a common spring.From the same source I have not takenMy sorrow; I could not awakenMy heart to joy at the same tone;And all I loved, I loved alone.Then- in my childhood, in the dawnOf a most stormy life- was drawnFrom every depth of good and illThe mystery which binds me still:From the torrent, or the fountain,From the red cliff of the mountain,From the sun that round me rolledIn its autumn tint of gold,From the lightning in the skyAs it passed me flying by,From the thunder and the storm,And the cloud that took the form(When the rest of Heaven was blue)Of a demon in my view.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The truth hurts, my man, but it's a good pain.
Jodi Picoult, Lone Wolf|It is not only the hostility of others that may prevent us from questioning the status quo. Our will to doubt can be just as powerfully sapped by an internal sense that societal conventions must have a sound basis, even if we are not sure exactly what this may be, because they have been adhered to by a great many people for a long time. It seems implausible that our society could be gravely mistaken in its beliefs, and at the same time, that we would be alone in noticing the fact. We stifle our doubts, and follow the flock, because we cannot conceive of ourselves as pioneers of hitherto unknown difficult truths. It is for help in overcoming our meekness that we can turn to the philosopher.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|If you find yourself easily provoked, then just change the channel.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|My husband loves me, this is great delight.
Makoto Shinkai, Your Name.|Even if the world is cruel, even if all I have is loneliness, I’ll still live with everything I’ve got. Even if this emotion is all I have, I’ll keep struggling.
Kenzaburō Ōe, A Personal Matter|If we run into any legionnaires we'll say we're out hiking and show them our forged imperial identity papers.""What is hiking?" Alain asked. "Walking for fun," Mari explained. "I mean, you're walking long distances, but not because you have to. For fun."Alain gazed steadily at her. "Walking long distances, for fun. Are you saying a joke?"Mari shook her head. "I know it sounds like that, but people really do it.
Juliet Marillier, Heart's Blood|I do not view suicide as wicked, just terribly sad. There is only one death, but it is like a stone cast into a pond - the ripples stretch far. Such an act must leave a burden of sorrow, guilt, shame and confusion on an entire family. A natural death, such as my father suffered, is hard enough to deal with. A decision to end one's life must be still more devastating for those left behind. I cannot imagine the degree of hopelessness someone must feel to contemplate such an act.
Joseph Smith Jr.|Happiness is the object and design of our existence; and will be the end thereof, if we pursue the path that leads to it; and this path is virtue, uprightness, faithfulness, holiness, and keeping all the commandments of God.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If the church is acceptable to this present ageand is not suffering reproach, then it is not the true church that our Lord founded.
Carol Ann Duffy|As things are, and as fundamentally they must always be, poetry is not a career, but a mug's game. No honest poet can ever feel quite sure of the permanent value of what he has written: He may have wasted his time and messed up his life for nothing.
Harry Crews, Getting Naked with Harry Crews: Interviews|It isn't a coincidence that the massacre of Muslims in Gujarat happened after September 11. Gujarat is also one place where the toxic waste of the World Trade Center is being dumped right now. This waste is being dumped in Gujarat, and then taken of to Ludhiana and places like that to be recycled. I think it's quite a metaphor. The demonization of Muslims has also been given legitimacy by the world's superpower, by the emperor himself. We are at a stage where democracy - this corrupted, scandalous version of democracy - is the problem. So much of what politicians do is with an eye on elections. Wars are fought as election campaigns. In India, Muslims are killed as part of election campaigns. In 1984, after the massacre of Sikhs in Delhi, the Congress Party won, hands down. We must ask ourselves very serious questions about this particular brand of democracy.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Just like an angel, the lovely one and the cuteAll the beauty together in your funny sulky looks Innocent, like the kids, like the pigeons in my garden Magnetic attraction, awesome, amazing and the super astuteImmortal charming, like the moon and the starsElegant, stylish, you must be very tasty, fruit
Lloyd Alexander, The Black Cauldron|And metaphors like cats behind your smile,Each one wound up to purr,each one a pride,Each one a fine gold beast you've hid inside (...)
Blake Lively|A wise woman recognizes when her life is out of balance and summons the courage to act to correct it, she knows the meaning of true generosity, happiness is the reward for a life lived in harmony, with a courage and grace.
Ronan Farrow|I'm famous by default. I came out of the womb, and people wanted to know who I was because of my parents.
Captain Hank Bracker, "Suppresed I Rise"|Knowing the right timings, good photographs. Learning from bad timings, better photographs.
Joey Comeau, Bible Camp Bloodbath|There's something not quite Christian about it," Tony said. He sat back in his chair and looked up to where his Bible sat on the shelf. "I can't put my finger on why exactly, but it doesn't seem right for a couple of young ladies to be out there in the middle of the night, obsessing over their telescopes.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|Past misdeeds must only serve as a reference point in calm conversation about lessons learned or actions that taught us to behave better. They should never be bantered about with sarcasm, anger, or nastiness.
Garry Kasparov, Deep Thinking: Where Machine Intelligence Ends and Human Creativity Begins|The first finding that jumped out at us was that it is possible to learn too much ! In the tournament, investing lots of time in learning was not at all effective. In fact, we found a strong negative correlation between the proportion of a strategy's moves that were INNOVATE or OBSERVE, as opposed to EXPLOIT, and how well the strategy performed. Successful strategies spent only a small fraction of their time (5-10%) learning, and the bulk of their time caching in on what they had learned, through playing EXPLOIT. Only through playing EXPLOIT can a strategy directly accrue fitness. Hencem every time a strategy chooses to learn new behavior, be it through playing INNOVATE or OBSERVE, there is a cost corresponding to the payoff that would have been received had EXPLOIT been played instead. This implied that the way to get on in life was to do a very quick bit of learning and then EXPLOIT, EXPLOIT, EXPLOIT until you die. That is a sobering lesson for someone like myself who has spent his whole life in school or university.
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|You're not trying to find the answer to a question, you're simply trying to confirm something you desperately want to believe: that everyone is evil.
Mahendra Singh Dhoni|It's tough growing up where I grew up. My family is very small and really tight. Just being around the neighborhood, my brothers were always around. I didn't want to be in any trouble because I knew my mom or brothers would find out. I didn't want to hurt their feelings. I just tried to do everything right.
bell hooks, Feminist Theory: From Margin to Center|Since we live in a society that promotes faddism and temporary superficial adaptation of different values, we are easily convinced that changes have occurred in arenas where there has been little or no change.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Your love for beauty has been perverted, repressed and savaged by hateful and controlling elements in the world.
Alexandra Bracken, Never Fade|The end. But I'm telling you now, if either of you breathe a word -one goddamn word- about Cate, I will come down on you so hard, they'll be naming hurricanes after me for a fucking century.
Neil A. Hogan|Run! Life's too short to walk. Unless you don't know where you're running to, then move very slowly.
Bruce Crown, Chronic Passions|She remembered the intensity of her desire to undress him, to be naked with him, the way she felt like she could say whatever she wanted and be fully understood and do whatever she wanted and be totally accepted. She remembered how easy it had all been, how open and bright, like being in a whitewashed room with all the windows wide open.
Darnell Lamont Walker|I was beginning to feel that there would never be another American uprising, that the energy was gone, and I have some reasons to think that might be true. I like to point out that the crime rate in America has been declining for a long time, and in my opinion it’s because Americans don’t even have enough gumption to commit crimes anymore: the creative aspect of crime has fallen into decay. As for the uprising that takes a principled stand against violence, hats off to them, I admire the idealism, but I don’t think it’s going to accomplish much.
Sigmund Freud, Introductory Lectures on Psychoanalysis|With words one man can make another blessed, or drive him to despair; by words the teacher transfers his knowledge to the pupil; by words the speaker sweeps his audience with him and determines its judgments and decisions. Words call forth effects and are the universal means of influencing human beings.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|It is impossible for us to make any real advance until we take to heart this great truth, that without freedom of choice, without freedom of action, there are not such things as true moral qualities; there can only be submissive wearing of the cords that others have tied round our hands.
Alexis de Tocqueville|Now the true soldiers of Christ must always be prepared to do battle for the truth, and must never, so far as lies with them, allow false convictions to creep in.
Jody Hedlund, Love Unexpected|If it is a loving environment, the cage can be a home.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|At your young age, you stand up for Truth and use your conscience to see that justice always prevails, even if it leads to grueling consequences or personal sacrifices. You never fail to use your heart. Again, your heart is your key to immortality. Keep a good heart and all that is anything and everything will remember you,” said the Sphinx.
Nikola Tesla|One of the things we often miss in succession planning is that it should be gradual and thoughtful, with lots of sharing of information and knowledge and perspective, so that it's almost a non-event when it happens.
José Saramago, Blindness|Time," the Captain said, "is not what you think." He sat down next to Eddie. "Dying? Not the end of everything. We think it is. But what happens on earth is only the beginning.
Michael Morpurgo, Farm Boy|He never reckoned much to schooling and that. He said you could learn most what was worth knowing from keeping your eyes and ears peeled. Best way of learning, he always said, was doing.
Laini Taylor, Night of Cake & Puppets|Around Mik, my powers desert me. I lose basic motor function, like my brain focuses all neural activity on my lips and shifts into kiss preparedness mode way too early, to the detriment of things like speech, and walking.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I get many letters every day from people who got married because they wanted their own selfish needs satisfied, and have only later come to realize that this does not work.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Our knowledge is limited. However, reading augments our knowledge.
T.K. Naliaka|First came him, then came I, then he came again and then I was lost forever.
Béla Bartók|I think there is a puritanical wind that is blowing. I have never seen such a lack of separation between church and state in America, I don’t believe in God, but if I did I would say that sex is a Godgiven right. Otherwise it’s the end of our species.
Rabindranath Tagore, Stray Birds|The world has kissed my Soul with its pain, asking for its return in Songs.
Raymond Aubrac|Chance is the one thing you can't buy. You have to pay for it and you have to pay for it with your life, spending a lot of time, you pay for it with time, not the wasting of time but the spending of time.
Linda Westphal|A good book ought to have something simple about it. And, like Eve, it ought to come from somewhere near the third rib: there ought to be a heart beating in it. A story that's all forehead doesn't amount to much.
Teri Garr|To me, marriage is really important and what we build families on. That's why gay marriage is really important.
Various|Take you example by this thing,/ And yield to each his right,/ Lest God with such like miserye/ Your wicked minds requite
Cristina Marrero|To question the world around us and all its complexities is not blasphamy, but simply using the mind God gave us for its intended purpous. God is an artist. Artist do not create to have someone just glance and say "That is pretty." Artist want viewers to look closer, deeper--to really see what they have created--not just glance.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The greatest religion you can ever have throughout your entire existence, is Love.
Oswald Chambers|Stale godliness is ungodliness. Let our religion be as warm, and constant, and natural as the flow of the blood in our veins. A living God must be served in a living way.
Janet Evanovich|Why shouldn't I be introspective? We dont' make sense.""Neither do Chocolate and Peanut Butter, but it somehow works." He says "Somehow the mixture of two things is genius.
Charles Stross, Overtime|Like the famous mad philosopher said, when you stare into the void, the void stares also; but if you cast into the void, you get a type conversion error. (Which just goes to show Nietzsche wasn't a C++ programmer.)
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D., Sleepers: A Little Book on How to Find Hope, Meaning and the Courage to Fall in Love with Your Dreams|Never forget, I love you just as much on your worst day as I do on your best day.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Most people do not mind having a house that is smaller and/or a car that is cheaper than their neighbours’, as long as they each earn and have more money than their neighbours, and, equally important, their neighbours know that.
David Grossman, Her Body Knows|Your home is within you, you carry your place in the world.
Ruta Sepetys|If half of a country is rotten, the other half will soon start rotting as well!
Ameya Agrawal|EVERYTIMEA GIRL WISHESTOBE A BOY BADLY, IT'S A SIGNAL THAT OUT SOCIETY FAILED IN ITS DEEDS SOMEWHERE.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Man Alone with Himself|Dangerous Helpfulness. There are people who want to make men's lives more difficult for no other reason than afterwards to offer them their prescriptions for making life easier -- their Christianity, for example.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God doesn’t say to be perfect and you’ll get to heaven. He says to confess that you’re a sinner and come to the cross, and whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|They looked at one another, and their hearts died within them.
Saina Nehwal|People think I have courage. The courage in my family are my wife Pam, my three daughters, here, Nicole, Jamie, LeeAnn, my mom, who's right here too.
Dave Barry|If you're like most members of the Baby Boom generation, you decided somewhere along the line, probably after about four margaritas, to have children. This was inevitable. Mother Nature, in her infinite wisdom, has instilled within each of us a powerful biological instinct to reproduce; this is her way of assuring that the human race, come what may, will never have any disposable income.
Mahatma Gandhi|In fact, it is more correct to say that Truth is God, than to say that God is Truth.
Brad Goreski|But being on location and shooting, whether its in Puerto Rico or Atlanta, it always reminds me of how really cool my job can be. Interacting with the fans is one of the best parts of it.
Emma Goldman, Anarchism and Other Essays|The philosophy of Atheism represents a concept of life without any metaphysical Beyond or Divine Regulator. It is the concept of an actual, real world with its liberating, expanding and beautifying possibilities, as against an unreal world, which, with its spirits, oracles, and mean contentment has kept humanity in helpless degradation.
Saga Valsalan|Some situations feel worst in our life, but they are the best lessons for life.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Dream a Little Dream|The moving light, rejoicing in its strength, Sped from the pyre of pine, and urged its way, In golden glory, like some strange new sun...
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|You have been called to a life of blessing, don`t descend to that of curses.
Octavio Paz, Selected Poems|Events like this don't give me the sense of oneness others seem to enjoy; it's always been private occasions that make me feel connected to the joys and sorrows of the world, often in the form of communion with writers and musicians I'll never meet in person. Proust called these moments of unity between writer and reader 'that fruitful miracle of a communication in the midst of solitude.
Adriana Koulias, Temple of the Grail|a voice called out after me, 'life takes us on many divergent paths, and yet we shall meet one more time! Not in the flesh, but in the sun, man's home
Julie Ann Walker, Devil and the Deep|Since Paul wasn’t a big conversationalist—he was the anti-Mac, in other words, and today had been the longest she’d ever heard him speak in consecutive sentences—Jena watched the scenery for a while. Then she decided to study the inside of Paul’s truck to see what she could learn about him.Technically, it was exactly like hers and Gentry’s. It had a black exterior with a blue light bar across the top and the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries Enforcement Division logo on the doors.It was tech heavy on the front dash, just like theirs, with LDWF, Terrebonne Parish Sheriff’s Office, and Louisiana State Police Troop C radios, a laptop, a GPS unit, and a weather unit.In her truck and in Gentry’s, the cords and wires were a colorful tangle of plastic and metal, usually with extra plugs dangling around like vines. Paul’s cords were all black, and he had them woven in pairs and tucked underneath the dash, where they neatly disappeared.She leaned over to see how he’d achieved such a thing, and noticed identical zip ties holding them in place.“Sinclair, I hate to ask, but what are you doing?”He sounded more bemused than annoyed, so she said, “I’m psychoanalyzing you based on the interior of your truck.”He almost ran off the road. “Why?”“Your scintillating conversation was putting me to sleep.”His dark brows knit together but he seemed to have no answer to that.She turned around in her seat, as much as the seat belt allowed, and continued her study. Paul had a 12-gauge shotgun and a .223 carbine mounted right behind the driver’s seat, same as in her own truck. The mounts had hidden release buttons so the agents could get the guns out one-handed and quickly.But where her truck had a catch-all supply of stuff, from paper towels to zip ties to evidence bags to fast-food wrappers thrown in the back, Paul’s backseat was empty but for a zippered storage container normal people used for shoes. Each space held different things, all neatly arranged. Jena spotted evidence bags in one. Zip ties in another. Notebooks. Citation books. Paperwork. A spare uniform hung over one window, with a dry-cleaner’s tag dangling from the shirt’s top button.Good Lord. She turned back around.“What did you learn?” Paul finally asked.“You’re an obsessive-compulsive neat freak,” she said. “Accent on freak.
Dez Schwartz, Roam|No, Ashok. Love is not a tap. It flows and flows like blood from a wound, and you can die of it.
Dada Bhagwan|The human life is the only one in which one can experience the Soul [One’ own Real Self]. There is no other life form, not even that of the celestial beings that can attain the experience of the Self [Self Realization].
K. Aberanthy Can You Action Past Your Devil's Advocate|There are opportunities for all of us, we just have to open our eyes and hold ourselves completely accountable
Albert Camus, The Stranger|The priest gazed around my cell and answered in a voice that sounded very weary to me. 'Every stone here sweats with suffering, I know that. I have never looked at them without a feeling of anguish. But deep in my heart I know that the most wretched among you have seen a divine face emerge from their darkness. That is the face you are asked to see.'This perked me up a little. I said I had been looking at the stones in these walls for months. There wasn't anything or anyone in the world I knew better. Maybe at one time, way back, I had searched for a face in them. But the face I was looking for was as bright as the sun and the flame of desire—and it belonged to Marie.
N'Zuri Za Austin|Tonight, can we just pretend you want me too?
Jean Genet|Celibacy is not just a matter of not having sex. It is a way of admiring a person for their humanity, maybe even for their beauty.
Agnostic Zetetic|Even with the very best of intentions, even with the ambition of making the world a better place, when we cast judgment upon people whose lifestyles, beliefs, or predilections we dislike, we add to the emotional filth of hostility and make the world feel a little less safe for the folks we’re genuinely trying to help.
Debasish Mridha|When death is the ultimate destination for all of us, why are we not enjoying our lives?
Lawrence Kane|Few lack talent, but most people lack the vision & perseverance to develop their talents.
Henry Adams|White House leaks of classified information put the lives of U.S. service members, intelligence officers, and civilians at risk. That's why I support a measure passed by the Senate Intelligence Committee to crack down on such leaks.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Appreciate the sacred life you have, it is a gift from God.
Paul Éluard|There is another world, but, it is in this one.
Renee Vincent|You are correct in saying that desires often come from things we cannot easily gain - mine, being that of your love. By all accounts, I do wish I could steal it. But I am not that sort of man. I will wait. Forever and a day...I will wait.
Joseph Hansen, The Little Dog Laughed|Cecil reached for Dave, but Dave stepped back. "Dave, why are you doing this? You're not getting paid. Lovejoy called you off the case. You want the truth? You're compulsive. You can't leave it alone. You're like Adam Streeter, you know that? You live for danger." "I live for justice," Dave said."Justice is a dream," Cecil scoffed, "a romantic ideal. Who the fuck gets justice in this life?(...)
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|A university student attending lectures on general relativity i the morning and others on quantum mechanics in the afternoon might be forgiven for thinking that his professors are fools, or have neglected to communicate with each other for at least a century.
Stephen Cambone|One is to ensure that the war fighters and the intelligence analysts get the information that they need when they need it, in a format that's useful to them.
Hannah Brencher, If You Find This Letter: My Journey to Find Purpose Through Hundreds of Letters to Strangers|Finally, finally, this is what bravery looks like. This is what courage looks like. It has nothing to do with dominating the day, every single day. It has to do with showing up and speaking truth. One true sentence after one true sentence.
Jane Hamilton, The Short History of a Prince|Wait." Walter went to the basket, taking what was a gray sleeve, drawing it out fro the middle of the heap. "Oh," He said. He held the shapeless wool sweater to his chest. Joyce had knit for months the year Daniel died, and here was the result, her handiwork, the garment that would fit a giant. It was nothing more than twelve skeins of yarn and thousands of loops, but it had the power to bring back in a flash the green-tiled walls of the hospital, the sound of an ambulance trying to cut through city traffic in the distance, the breathing of the dying boy, his father staring at the ceiling, the full greasy bucket of fried chicken on he bed table. "I'll take this one," Walter said, balling up the sweater as best he could, stuffing it into a shopping bag that was half full of the books he was taking home, that he was borrowing."Oh, honey," Joyce said. "You don't want that old scrap.""You made it. I remember your making it." Keep it light, he said to himself, that's a boy. "There's a use for it. Don't you think so, Aunt Jeannie? No offense, Mom, but I could invade the Huns with it or strap the sleeves to my car tires in a blizzard, for traction, or protect our nation with it out in space, a shield against nuclear attack."Jeannie tittered in her usual way in spite of herself. "You always did have that sense of humor," she said as she went upstairs. When she was out of range, Joyce went to Walter's bag and retrieved the sweater. She laid it on the card table, the long arms hanging down, and she fingered the stitches. "Will you look at the mass of it," she exclaimed. "I don't even recall making it."""'Memory -- that strange deceiver,'" Walter quoted.
Harold Ramis|I don't mean to sound - I don't want it to come out funny, but I don't like show business. I love - I love acting in films. I love it.
Charlotte Joko Beck, Nothing Special|I've realized that, sometimes, you have to let people go. But I'm really glad I have someone to hold on to.
Arthur Schopenhauer|When we believe in lies, we cannot see the truth, so we make thousands of assumptions and we take them as truth. One of the biggest assumptions we make is that the lies we believe are the truth!
Zachary Jernigan, Shower of Stones|He patted the side of the wyrm's head. The animal did not react: it was a stone fallen from the sky, still smoldering.
Henry Treece, Electra|Life is stranger than any of us expected,There is a somber, imponderable fate.Enigma rules, and the heart has no certainty.
Temple Grandin|I think teaching should be an exalted profession, not a picked-on profession.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|What we're fighting against isn't an out-and-out vice. It's an overgrown, perverted virtue.
Dennis Lehane, Since We Fell|We live in a world of disposable memory, nothing's built to last, not even shame.
Gretchen Rubin, The Happiness Project: Or Why I Spent a Year Trying to Sing in the Morning, Clean My Closets, Fight Right, Read Aristotle, and Generally Have More Fun|The belief that unhappiness is selfless and happiness is selfish is misguided. It's more selfless to act happy. It takes energy, generosity, and discipline to be unfailingly lighthearted, yet everyone takes the happy person for granted. No one is careful of his feelings or tries to keep his spirits high. He seems self-sufficient; he becomes a cushion for others. And because happiness seems unforced, that person usually gets no credit.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|Annabeth came up to me. She was dressed in black camouflage with her Celestial bronze knife strapped to her arm and her laptop bag slung over her shoulder—ready for stabbing or surfing the Internet, whichever came first.
Rhiannon Frater, The Tale Of The Vampire Bride|I felt the presence of the night all about me: a living, breathing entity, whispering soft words against my flesh.  I had never before felt the silken touch of the night caress me as I did now.  It was a frightening, yet exhilarating experience.  It was as if the night itself were attempting to seduce me.
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|Hope – that silly, stupid creature that lived within me, no matter how often I tried to beat it to death – lifted its nose and sniffed at the air.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|Sirs, so much as your hearts as is empty of Christ and heaven, let it be filled with shame and sorrow, and not with ease (483).
Lauren Myracle, The Infinite Moment of Us|But he thought that if the world was layered with meaning, then she was the evidence, right here.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Christian has a great obligation to be ethical and honest in all things, even sometimes at personal hazard. It is in the difficult situation that the qualities of a Christian are seen.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|So, Zed, isn’t this a killer outfit?”“Certainly a killer, baby.”“Good, because I’ve bought another five just like it.”“You horrible, teasing fairy. If you really have more of those fashion disasters in your bags, I’m gonna hang you on top of the family Christmas tree in December.
John Green|I looked over at Augustus Waters, who looked back at me. You could almost see through his eyes they were so blue. "There will come a time," I said, "when all of us are dead. All of us. There will come a time when there are no human beings remaining to remember that anyone ever existed for that our species ever did anything. There will be no one left to remember Aristotle or Cleopatra, let alone you. 
Eileen Anglin|As far as we could tell, the face of the revolution was a sea of embroidering women, patiently waiting the resignation of their repressive governor.
Anthony Marais|Contemplation and writing demand solitude, which leads to a sorry feeling of isolation and detachment. Writers try to call their loneliness genius, and the world believes them most of the time.
Joseph Stiglitz|Wisdom is not attained by years, but by ability.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Call me nerd today, call me boss tomorrow.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Differ though we might with Christianity's view of what precisely our souls need, it is hard to discredit the provocative underlying thesis, which seems no less relevant in the secular realm than in the religious one--that we have within us a precious, childlike, vulnerable core which we should nourish and nurture on its turbulent journey through life.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|Can people of color be racist?” I reply, “The answer depends on your definition of racism.” If one defines racism as racial prejudice, the answer is yes. People of color can and do have racial prejudices. However, if one defines racism as a system of advantage based on race, the answer is no. People of color are not racist because they do not systematically benefit from racism. And equally important, there is no systematic cultural and institutional support or sanction for the racial bigotry of people of color. In my view, reserving the term racist only for behaviors committed by whites in the context of a white-dominated society is a way of acknowledging the ever-present power differential afforded whites by the culture and institutions that make up the system of advantage and continue to reinforce notions of white superiority. (Using the same logic, I reserve the word sexist for men. Though women can and do have gender-based prejudices, only men systematically benefit from sexism.)
Terry Pratchett, Eric|Tadas was sent to the principal today," announced Jonas at dinner. He wedged a huge piece of sausage into his small mouth."Why?" I asked."Because he talked about hell," sputtered Jonas, juice from the plump sausage dribbling down his chin."Jonas, don't speak with your mouth full. Take smaller pieces," scolded Mother."Sorry," said Jonas with his moth stuffed. "It's good." He finished chewing. I took a bite of sausage. It was warm and the skin was deliciously salty."Tadas told one of the girls that hell is the worst place ever and there's no escape for all eternity.""Now why would Tadas be talking of hell?" asked Papa, reaching for the vegetables."Because his father told him that if Stalin comes to Lithuania, we'll all end up there.
Steve Maraboli|I set goals…I take chances…I dare to achieve…I win…I lose…I don’t quit…It’s my life and I’m not afraid to LIVE it!I would rather experience the ups and downs of a life I have chosen, than to suffer the regret of a life I have settled for.
Beth Fantaskey, Jessica Rules the Dark Side|The Western world has lost its civil courage, both as a whole and separately, in each country, each government, each political party and of course in the United Nations. Such a decline in courage is particularly noticeable among the ruling groups and the intellectual elite, causing an impression of loss of courage by the entire society.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Lacuna|Generations of women have sacrificed their lives to become their mothers. But we do not have that luxury any more. The world has changed too much to let us have the lives our mothers had. And we can no longer afford the guilt we feel at not being our mothers. We cannot afford any guilt that pulls us back to the past. We have to grow up, whether we want to or not. We have to stop blaming men and mothers and seize every second of our lives with passion. We can no longer afford to waste our creativity. We cannot afford spiritual laziness.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|Something weird moved through me, a feeling of familiarity, and as I stood in front of my locker, I found myself thinking of the one bright thing in a past full of shadows and darkness.I thought about the boy who made my chest hurt, the one who’d promised forever.It had been four years since I’d seen him or even heard him speak. Four years of trying to erase everything that had to do with that portion of my childhood, but I remembered him. I wondered about him.How could I not? I always would.He had been the sole reason I survived the house we’d grown up in.
Confucius|If there is righteousness in the heart, there will be beauty in the character.If there is beauty in the character, there will be harmony in the home.If there is harmony in the home, there will be order in the nations.When there is order in the nations, there will peace in the world.
Carly Phillips, Hot Number|Oh. I get it." Abby laughed. "This is where you bid on someone to wash your car.""Naked," Charli said."Or check the shower tiles.""Also naked."Abby laughed. "I'm guessing that as long as there's wet and naked, we're all good."Fiona let out a long sigh."What was that?" Charli asked with a lift to her perfect brows. "Have you got a victim---I mean a participant in mind?"Fiona glanced across the hall. "Have you seen Jackson's fireman buddy?""No." Charli looked across the room. "Should we?""Too late," Fiona said. "I've got first dibs."At that moment, Abby noticed the Wilder boys walk across the front of the room near the stage. Individually, they were stunning. As a group, they looked as appetizing as a decadent box of chocolates. Abby couldn't tear her eyes away from Jackson. Put him in a fireman suit, a tux jacket and jeans, or a simple T-shirt and cargo shorts, and he took her breath away.Truthfully, she liked him best in noting at all."Holy guacamole." Charli gestured to a tall, dark, and devastating man walking with the group. "Is that who you are talking about?"Fiona nodded. "I want to lick him up one side and down the other like a cherry Popsicle.""Honey, you bid as high as you can go," Charli said. "And if you run out of money, you just let me know. I'd be happy to chip in.
James Fallows|My idea of an amusement park story is getting adventurers to go tour environmental disaster areas. After all, if the entire Great Barrier Reef gets killed, which seems like an extremely lively possibility, what are you going to do with all that rotting limestone?
Michael Crichton, The Lost World|It was always so hot, and everyone was so polite, and everything was all surface but underneath it was like a bomb waiting to go off. I always felt that way about the South, that beneath the smiles and southern hospitality and politeness were a lot of guns and liquor and secrets.
Cormac McCarthy, Cities of the Plain|If you aren't outraged, then you just aren't paying attention
Mary Karr, The Liars' Club|I liked to call myself a poet and had affected a habit of reading classical texts (in translation, of course – I was a lazy student). I would ride the Greyhound for thirty-six hours down from the Midwest to Leechfield, then spend days dressed in black in the scalding heat of my mother’s front porch reading Homer (or Ovid or Virgil) and waiting for someone to ask me what I was reading. No one ever did. People asked me what I was drinking, how much I weighed, where I was living, and if I had married yet, but no one gave me a chance to deliver my lecture on Great Literature.
Doug Larson|Trophy hunters are like politicians, they both like to pull the trigger from the comfort of a safe distance.
Ali Harper, Breaking Bedlam|Why don’t you just go run to your room and cry little girl or better yet kill yourself?” Cora spat out ferociously. “Oh honey, if I was going to kill myself I’d do it right here out of spite just to see you get down on your knees and wash the blood off the tiles and haunt your ass til kingdom come.” Sienna spat back with even more ferocity.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|Alice! You know I love you like a sister!""Words." she growled.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Zorba the Greek|I have come to the conclusion, after many years of sometimes sad experience, that you cannot come to any conclusion at all.
Jane Seymour|I love doing comedy. Absolutely love it. After 'Wedding Crashers,' people suddenly realized that it was something I could do.
Scarlett Thomas, The End of Mr. Y|I think about stories and their logic and wonder if there can be any such thing as simply "there is a book.
Brad Pitt|I love New York, but I have to admit that I feel very English, and I do miss that sense of history that you have everywhere in Britain.
Ayn Rand|I can accept anything, except what seems to be the easiest for most people: the half-way, the almost, the just-about, the in-between.
Jojo Moyes, After You|Even as children they had been good in fact, but also in order to be seen as good. There was something disturbingly like hypocrisy about it all...
John Steinbeck, America and Americans and Selected Nonfiction|You won't mind my calling you Comrade, will you? I've just become a socialist. It's a great scheme. You ought to be one. You work for the equal distribution of property, and start by collaring all you can and sitting on it.
Nikki Rowe|More often than not others will project their own insecurities onto you when they are intimidated by your light. Don't listen to them, it's a reflection of the war they're battling within.
Susan Ee, Angelfall|She thinks of the way angels arrive, when you lease expect them, when the road is dark, when you're bleeding and alone and hopeless, when you're sleeping in a basement, convinced that no one knows you're there.
Milan LaBrey, Back to the Basics: Five Core Values Revitalized|Change is a road less traveled, but a remarkable journey to take.
Lydia Millet, How the Dead Dream|There was the honour and austerity of money as he walked through art galleries, as he saw around him the collections of oil paintings by dead men, lit so carefully that warmth seemed to emanate from within - and not because their art was loved or understood but because it could be sold and bought for handsome sums.
TopsyGift|Every relationship is a trust, for you to learn or be taught; the moment you start seeing relationships as a trust, then you will begin to make the best out of it
Jaimie Roberts, Redemption|He let go of my wrists and lifted me up against the wall. “Try fucking getting away from me now. Nice try, Tyler, but I told you that I always win.
Felicity Brandon, Destination Anywhere|All I can feel is your cock inside me, as it slides slowly in and then outof me. You are powerful and imposing as you begin to pick up the pace.You have become the centre of my entire universe. You are everything Ican feel, everything I can see, hear and smell; all that I know. This is ofcourse, exactly how you like it and exactly as it should be.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Union Moujik|...Past joys and achievements give us the outlines of how to get to a state of happiness again. That memory is a treasure that can never be taken away. At least we know where we were, what we have lost, what we miss and what more to add to our experiences.
Bat for Lashes|I've always been into visual effects. It was something I took keen interest in before films happened. Ironically, I am a part of 'Raaz 3,' a film that is shot entirely on 3D. It has encouraged me to pursue my dream. Hopefully, if time permits, I will travel to the United States and attend a crash course in visual graphics and animation.
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|That was the problem, wasn't it? You left home. But you never did become an adult. Not really. You just fucked up in different and more complicated ways.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|To maintain your integrity, be a person who does not violate the principles of the truth. Vote for truth even if you have to vote alone; believe it "your vote will not be lost"!
Bill Watterson, The Authoritative Calvin and Hobbes: A Calvin and Hobbes Treasury|Don't pretend to be what you're not, instead, pretend to what you want to be, it is not pretence, it is a journey to self realization.
Larry Herzberg, China Survival Guide: How to Avoid Travel Troubles and Mortifying Mishaps|Don’t take everything for granted, and do not always count on finding everything you need.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Short Stories|In the morning you were never violently sorry-- you made no resolutions, but if you had overdone it and your heart was slightly out of order, you went on the wagon for a few days without saying anything about it, and waited until an accumulation of nervous boredom projected you into another party.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|It was as though they had been plunged into a fabulous dream. This, thought Harry, was surely the only way to travel — past swirls and turrets of snowy cloud, in a car full of hot, bright sunlight, with a fat pack of toffees in the glove compartment...
Henri J.M. Nouwen|Theological formation is the gradual and often painful discovery of God's incomprehensibility. You can be competent in many things, but you cannot be competent in God.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|Healthy entertainment is a beautiful blend of stimuli that can connect with the viewer at a sentimental level, then sow the seeds of a certain idea or feed the mind with inspiration and courage. In short, healthy entertainment does not evoke raw emotions in the mind of a viewer only to make them wreak havoc, rather it guides those emotions in a healthy direction. This leads to not only an entertained viewer, but also an inspired soul. And that should be the purpose of film-making, and indeed the entire entertainment industry, rather than feeding the general population with garbage.
John Berger, Ways of Seeing|Fashion and public relations share a charter to turn life to their own advantage, to make malleable and commercially useful the naked human perception. Both interests consider life too small, dull, and colorless to get itself sufficiently noticed without the lobbying efforts of professionals.
E.M. Forster, A Room with a View|My father says that there is only one perfect view — the view of the sky straight over our heads, and that all these views on earth are but bungled copies of it.
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, if you raise objections saying, ‘my mother-in-law harasses me. My father-in-law harasses me’, then there is no end to it. Instead, just put up a sign that says, ‘no objection whatsoever!’ Even if someone comes raising objection [issues with you], you do not let any problems with him, can you or can you not keep it that way?
Melanie Joy, Why We Love Dogs, Eat Pigs, and Wear Cows: An Introduction to Carnism: The Belief System That Enables Us to Eat Some Animals and Not Others|Generally speaking, our prisoners were capable of loving animals, and if they had been allowed they would have delighted to rear large numbers of domestic animals and birds in the prison. And I wonder what other activity could better have softened and refined their harsh and brutal natures than this. But it was not allowed. Neither the regulations nor the nature of the prison made it possible.
Aanchal Malhotra, Remnants of a Separation: A History of the Partition through Material Memory|There's nothing special about this place, he thinks. We all forget. Then we forget what we forgot. And that's how we survive.
Emma Watson|I've learned that to survive, you need a positive state of mind.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|A person's last moments are an important thing. Yuou can't choose how you're born, but you can choose how you die.
Aubrey de Grey|Once the subject matter of rock n' roll changed from cars and pop love songs to songs about really true love and the blues and death and mortality, this light bulb went off in my head and I went, 'Oh, that's what they're doing. That's kind of - that's art.'
Thanakit Chansong|if you believe in creativity,you will find solutions for every problems.
William Crawford Gorgas, Sanitation in Panama|Since humans are social animals, you’re basically only as good as your reputation.
Marina Keegan|Poetry is another name for a person’s telling of the self, existence and what is beyond, and one’s own perceptions.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Prayer:  The act of falling to your knees in pleading fashion, seeking help from a greater power than all else to have failed you previously.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|P.S. Please give my love to Tink, she always was such a funny little bug
Salma Hayek|I don't believe in the so-called Latino explosion when it comes to movies. Jennifer Lopez doesn't have an accent. She grew up in New York speaking English, not Spanish. Her success is very important because she represents a different culture, but it doesn't help me.
H.J. Bellus, The Big O|I’m twenty-four, a first grade teacher, have a Yorkie named Pedro, a goldfish named Fish, have never had sex, or a serious boyfriend, and I’m the town lesbian who pukes when she sees a pussy. Nothing really to be jealous of at all.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|The Service Mindset. When I began my real estate career at the age of twenty-two, I had a fresh Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing in one hand and ‘a tiger by the tail’ in the other. I was on a mission to be successful in life and in business and make a lot of money in the process. Every goal I set was about Me. Me. Me! I was driven by: How much money could I make? Which property listings paid the biggest commissions? How many calls did I need to make to schedule new appointments? How many listings did I need to have to hit my target? You can see where I am going with this! Working full-time, nights and weekends, seven days a week, I only made eleven thousand dollars in the first year! I was tired, disillusioned, and knew that I had to either change careers or massively shift my mindset.I chose the latter. I took ALL focus off me and re-directed my time, energy, and resources to serving my clients. Their hopes, needs, and desires became my primary focus. How could I help solve their problems? And then EVERYTHING began to turn around . . .
Voltaire, Candide|But for what purpose was the earth formed?" asked Candide. "To drive us mad," replied Martin.
Mark Twain|I did not attend his funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it.
Zaha Hadid|One my favorite things is to go to the provinces of Russia and see the 18th century wood churches with the onion dome architecture. These humble wonders of incredible imagination of architects that were obviously not living in places like Paris or London, but they've created these amazing churches.
Steven Magee|When we try to understand another, we reveal ourselves, and in revealing ourselves we are able to be understood. Our heart declares itself to another heart, and that which is common between us becomes the bridge over which understanding crosses.
Lawrence Anthony, Babylon's Ark: The Incredible Wartime Rescue of the Baghdad Zoo|Ensuring that our home planet is healthy and life sustaining is an overwhelming priority that undercuts all other human activities. The ship must first float. Our failure to grasp these fundamental tenants of existence will be our undoing. And one thing is for certain. No calvary is going to come charging to our rescue. We are going to have to rescue ourselves or die trying. Workable solutions are urgently needed. Saving seals and tigers or fighting yet another oil pipeline through a wilderness area, while laudable, is merely shuffling the deck chairs on the Titanic. The real issue is our elementary accord with Earth and the plant and animal kingdoms has to be revitalized and re-understood.The burning question is, How?
Laura Dern|The last thing I ever wanted to get involved with is Hollywood. The way it works is that people get an idea you could possibly do something, but there's a one-in-a-hundred chance that it could get made.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|When we resort to screaming at someone, we are revealing weakness and a sense of helplessness. If we can’t seem to get our message or feelings across any other way, then we get angry, and we get loud!
Alfred Whitney Griswold|Empowered Women 101: A confident woman doesn't have to talk a man into loving her. He either loves her completely, not enough or not at all. Regardless, she doesn't settle for less than she deserves.
Gerry Cooney|I'm hopeful. I know there is a lot of ambition in Washington, obviously. But I hope the ambitious realize that they are more likely to succeed with success as opposed to failure.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|If we are looking for insurance against want and oppression, we will find it only in our neighbors' prosperity and goodwill and, beyond that, in the good health of our worldly places, our homelands. If we were sincerely looking for a place of safety, for real security and success, then we would begin to turn to our communities - and not the communities simply of our human neighbors but also of the water, earth, and air, the plants and animals, all the creatures with whom our local life is shared.(pg. 59, "Racism and the Economy")
Arsene Wenger|Winning isn't everything, but it beats anything in second place.
Charles Luckman|Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks and courage. 
Eyden I., Kiss Friendzone Goodbye|Hello PeopleAfter having trouble from suffer and hatredI'd like the world to know the charm of sadnessI will never be far away, but always among youA deadly game and the rules are very simpleYou need only to follow the simplicityDie or Suffer Make your choice
Eleanor Hallowell Abbott, The Indiscreet Letter|As far as I can reckon, a woman can stand absolutely anything under God's heaven that she knows; but she just up and can't stand the littlest, teeniest, no-account sort of thing that she ain't sure of. Answers may kill 'em dead enough, but it's questions that eats 'em alive.
Judith Butler|The purpose that brought the fourteenth amendment into being was equality before the law, and equality, not separation, was written into the law.
Carmen Naranjo|Roger left the cricket stumps and they went into the drawing room. Grandpapa, at the first suggestion of reading aloud, had disappeared, taking Patch with him. Grandmama had cleared away the tea. She found her spectacles and the book. It was Black Beauty. Grandmama kept no modern children's books, and this made common ground for the three of them. She read the terrible chapter where the stable lad lets Beauty get overheated and gives him a cold drink and does not put on his blanket. The story was suited to the day. Even Roger listened entranced. And Deborah, watching her grandmother's calm face and hearing her careful voice reading the sentences, thought how strange it was that Grandmama could turn herself into Beauty with such ease. She was a horse, suffering there with pneumonia in the stable, being saved by the wise coachman.After the reading, cricket was anticlimax, but Deborah must keep her bargain. She kept thinking of Black Beauty writing the book. It showed how good the story was, Grandmama said, because no child had ever yet questioned the practical side of it, or posed the picture of a horse with a pen in its hoof."A modern horse would have a typewriter," thought Deborah, and she began to bowl to Roger, smiling to herself as she did so because of the twentieth-century Beauty clacking with both hoofs at a machine. ("The Pool")
James Swain, Dark Magic|The human heart may find here and there a resting-place short of the highest height of affection, but we seldom stop in the steep, downward slope of hatred.
Will McIntosh, Love Minus Eighty|This is the future,” Lycan said. “Connecting people to each other directly.
Joseph Campbell, Pathways to Bliss: Mythology and Personal Transformation|In our society of fixed texts and printed words, it is the function of the poet to see the life value of the facts round about, and to deify them, as it were, to provide images that relate the everyday to the eternal.
Jeanette Winterson, The Stone Gods|Women always bring it back to the personal,' said Handsome. 'It's why you can't be world leaders.''And men never do,' I said, 'which is why we end up with no world left to lead.
Ilchi Lee, Bird of the Soul|Short story collections are the literary equivalent of canapés, tapas and mezze in the world of gastronomy: Delightful assortments of tasty morsels to whet the reader's appetite.
Alice Clayton, The Unidentified Redhead|So," she says, "What's got you so busy?""What?" he says, "Oh, um, I was trying to perfect my telepathy." Grace gasps and bulges her eyes out very wide. "Are…you okay?" he asks, finally, after she shows no signs of stopping."I'm pushing a thought towards you, obviously.""Oh," Kellan says, "Well I guess I'm not a telepath after all.
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|There was no helping her tears. For they would leave Po behind… She cried into his shoulder like a child. Ashamed of herself, for it was only a parting, and Bitterblue had not wept like this even over a death. ‘Don’t be ashamed,' Po whispered. ‘Your sadness is dear to me. Don’t be frightened. I won’t die, Katsa. I won’t die, and we’ll meet again.
Mark Batterson, A Trip Around the Sun: Turning Your Everyday Life Into the Adventure of a Lifetime|In reality, while we aim for excellence, we're always living on somebody's dunghill.
Former LAPD Detective Mark Fuhrman, on Hannity & Colmes|To understand the world is never a matter of simply recording our immediate perceptions. Understanding inescapably involves reasoning. We have to 'read' what we feel and seem to see, and ask what those perceptions indicate and how we may take them into account without being overwhelmed by them. One issue relates to the reliability of our feelings and impressions. A sense of injustice could serve as a signal that moves us, but a signal does demand critical examination, and there has to be some scrutiny of the soundness of a conclusion based mainly on signals…We also have to ask what kinds of reasoning should count in the assessment of ethical and political concepts such as justice and injustice.
Franco Santoro|Whatever you dream be aware that it is just a dream.Yet, since there are infinite parallel universes, whatever you dream must be real somewhere in the multiverse.And if it is real, no matter where, then it is not a dream anymore.
Michael Chabon, The Mysteries of Pittsburgh|The city was new again, and newly dangerous, and I would walk the streets quickly, eyes averted from those of passersby, like a spy in the employ of lust and happiness, carrying the secret deep within me but always on the tip of my tongue.
April Mae Monterrosa|It's kind of freaky to send your picture over the Internet to someone you don't really know and then have to sit waiting for their judgement on how you look. Maybe that's why my aunt Penny, who got divorced two years ago, hates online dating so much. Mom's always nagging her to go back on Match.com but Aunt Penny says she'd rather have root canal work - without anesthetic.
Candice S. Miller|Heat of blood makes young people change their inclinations often, and habit makes old ones keep to theirs a great while.
Richelle Mead, Blood Promise|Setting out around midnight, I couldn't help shaking my head, "We're the goddamned hottest vampire hunters ever." I muttered.
Kenneth L. Patton|If I could find one wordthat would shudder the airlike that frightened sob,that wordless prayerof my newly-born,who drew one breath,and with unopened eyessank back into death;If I could break the world's cold heartwith that cry,then this grief would liftand I could die.
Katlyn Charlesworth, While Rome Burned|They think they are invincible. But, the truth is, Nova––gods fall just as hard as mortals. The only difference is... gods do not see the fall coming until it is too late.
Steven Ivy - Attorney Entrepreneur|Real estate is the best investment on earth, however, when the music stops playing, which happens occasionally, don't be the one left without a chair.
Dougie Brimson, Billy's Log. The Hilarious Diary of One Man's Struggle With Life, Lager and the Female Race|Emma has just rung and sarcastically asked me if I was ever planning on asking her out again. After fighting back my initial reaction to answer ‘only if you’re going to put out this time,’ I told her that, in these days of equality, it was her turn to ask me. Which, amazingly enough, she did.
Cynthia Heald, Becoming a Woman of Freedom|If the Son sets you free, you will be free indeed" (John 8:36).
George Orwell|I felt as if I was the only person awake in a city of sleepwalkers. That's an illusion, of course. When you walk through a crowd of strangers it's next door to impossible not to imagine that they're all waxworks, but probably they're thinking just the same about you.
Judy Garland|For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
René Char, Selected Poems|I used to think, that when my old inner demons started creeping back into my life, that it was a sign of failure or moral weakness. But the saints have shown me that part of the human condition is to struggle with the same sins and suffering over and over again. Once I accepted the fact that I’d probably always have to be on guard against spiritual attacks related to food and my weight, I began to really recover.
C. JoyBell C.|I believe the most difficult situation to be in, is one of mind-game-playing. Interestingly enough, it can be observed that it’s those from the most prosperous countries that tend to play the most mind-games with other people. They even write things about it. Why is it very difficult to be honest and transparent about what one thinks and feels? Why must one resort to manipulations and mind-mockery and mimicry? It is such a sad situation or state for any person to be in. Living in cubicle within cubicle within cubicle of themselves. Victims and perpetrators of mind games, interestingly, are the most paranoid about it happening to them— because they do it, they think everyone else does it too. Or because it’s been done to them, they think everyone will do it to them. Why cannot people say what they think, think what they say, say what they mean and mean what they say? The world would be happier if we were all just living out in a big plain in Africa! Roaming with animals, walking barefoot, being simple, transparent, real...
Debasish Mridha|In your heart, create a world full of flowers and love.
Debasish Mridha|When you practice mindfulness, you bloom like a flower.
Nancy Mitford, Love in a Cold Climate|...indeed, with the Radletts, you never could tell. Why, for instance, would Victoria bellow like a bull and half kill Jassy whenever Jassy said, in a certain tone of voice, pointing her finger with a certain look, "Fancy?" I think they hardly knew why, themselves.
T.C. Boyle|They stared at her curiously, and she caught snatches of conversation in two or three languages. It wasn't hard to guess their content, and she smiled a bit primly. Youth, it appeared, was full of illusions as to how much sexual energy two people might have to spare while hiking forty or so kilometers a day, concussed, stunned, diseased, on poor food and little sleep, alternating caring for a wounded man with avoiding becoming dinner for every carnivore within range - and with a coup to plan for the end.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|life is full of fantasies. Life is full of realities. Fantasies bring fantasies and realities bring realities. You have a choice. Yes, an inevasible choice. To live in the world of fantasies or to live in the world of realities; your choice!
Jack Kerouac|Listen closely... the eternal hush of silence goes on and on throughout all this, and has been going on, and will go on and on. This is because the world is nothing but a dream and is just thought of and the everlasting eternity pays no attention to it.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|The brain becomes illogical, in the throes of new romance.
Skip Coryell, Stalking Natalie|You know, Joey, the medication has helped settle you down, but you have been a good kid all along. You are naturally good. I hope you know that about yourself. You have a good heart.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The setting of SMART goals has been written about extensively over the decades, but will only be as useful as the extent to which its principles are used.
Daryl Hall|In all the writers I admire, the common detonator is their courage to walk naked.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning|In this abundant earth no doubtIs little room for things worn out:Disdain them, break them, throw them by!And if before the days grew roughWe once were lov'd, us'd -- well enough,I think, we've far'd, my heart and I.
Rob Bell, Velvet Elvis: Repainting the Christian Faith|because God has spoken, and everything else is commentary.
Samantha Young, Hero|Tomorrow you'll receive your employment contracts. Once you sign those I'm your boss." When I didn't answer he said, "That means you act the way I want you to act. That means you shelve your attitude and the twenty questions.""Should I shelve those next to 'personality'?
Julia Cameron|Basic Principles:1. Creativity is the natural order of life. Life is energy: pure creative energy.2. There is an underlying, in-dwelling creative force infusing all of life -- including ourselves.3. When we open ourselves to our creativity, we open ourselves to the creator's creativity within us and our lives.4. We are, ourselves, creations. And we, in turn, are meant to continue creativity by being creative ourselves.5. Creativity is God's gift to us. Using our creativity is our gift back to God.6. The refusal to be creative is self-will and is counter to our true nature.7. When we open ourselves to exploring our creativity, we open ourselves to God: good orderly direction.8. As we open our creative channel to the creator, many gentle but powerful changes are to be expected.9. It is safe to open ourselves up to greater and greater creativity.10. Our creative dreams and yearnings come from a divine source. As we move toward our dreams, we move toward our divinity.
Ilyas Kassam|I think to think. Not to be thought-full, or to reach a point of wisdom or acquire a grace of knowledge. I think for the sensuality of thought.
Mirabai Starr, The Showings of Julian of Norwich: A New Translation|Ever since that troublemaker Eve handed that gullible Adam the fruit of the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil, they say, human beings have been continuously messing up and suffering the consequences. But in the depths of your darkest despair your Beloved calls to you: "Look," he says, and opens the fathomless beautiful wound of his heart so that you can peer inside. All creation is nestled there, bathed in beauty. "Do you see any sin here?" he asks. "Do you detect a shred of retribution?" You do not. All you perceive, from horizon to endless horizon, is love.
Abhijit Naskar|If origin defines race, then the entire human race is African.
Greg Behrendt|In order to change the world, you have to get your head together first.
Azar Nafisi, The Republic of Imagination: America in Three Books|You, you may say I’m a dreamer, but I’m not the only one.
Roald Dahl, Matilda|But then it came to me that who I really am is a person who doesn't need to know who he really is, in the usual sense. What does it mean, anyway - family background and so forth? People use it mostly as an excuse for their own snobbery, or else their failings. I'm free of the temptation, that's all. I'm free of the strings. Nothing ties me down.
Tim Fargo|If we spark a student's passion, we unleash a powerful force upon the world.
Janny Wurts, To Ride Hell’s Chasm|The rebuke came, keen-edged. ‘Trusting the man is not the same thing as knowing what he’s about.
Erik Pevernagie|A thousand times, people may have touched each other, but never ever sensed a single vein of oneness or complicity in the wilderness of their inner world, since obdurate mental impediments have been barricading the road to understanding and propinquity. (“A thousand times”)
Terry Givens|Christ invites us to assume the yoke, but we would rather ride in the cart. That is one reason why some find comfort in hero worship. It represents a release from the burden of responsibility (Teryl Givens, The Crucible of Doubt, 62).
Luchia Dertien, Gnomon|I didn't really expect you to have an appropriate response," Renaire says simply, taking a moment to tap ash off the tip of his cigarette. He'd hoped, yes, but never expected, not really. "I came to terms with the fact you're a possessive, self-important asshole with a superiority complex a long time ago.""Somehow, that's reassuring," Delaurier says.
Lisa Desrochers, Personal Demons|What does Éloa mean?”He narrowed his gaze, answered her literally. “It’s the name of an angel.”Penelope tilted her head, thinking. “I’ve never heard of him.”“You wouldn’t have.”“Was he a fallen angel?”“She was, yes.” He hesitated, not wanting to tell her the story, but unable to stop himself. “Lucifer tricked her into falling from heaven.”“Tricked her how?”He met her gaze. “She fell in love with him.”Penelope’s eyes widened. “Did he love h
Silvia Moreno-Garcia, Signal to Noise|If you take my right hand, you can start over. You will be reborn as a different character; your personality will develop along a different path. Your story will be irretrievably altered. And this time, there will be no mistakes. You will live, love, and die, blissfully unaware.
Tony Curl|We can and must respond creatively to the triple crisis and simultaneously overcome dehumanization, economic inequality, and, ecological catastrophe.
Colleen Houck|You must learn to take a step back and visualize the whole piece. If you focus only on the thread given to you, you lose sight of what it can become. 
Henry David Thoreau, Thoreau Journal 9|What sort of philosophers are we, who know absolutely nothing of the origin and destiny of cats?
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|Destroying the joint means building a new system in which it is not OK to allow people to be marginalised, exploited and discriminated against, it's not OK to ignore the needs of future generations, it's not OK to wreck this extraordinary, beautiful, fragile planetary environment that sustains us - our Mother Earth.
Lawrence M. Krauss|If you have religious faith, very good, you can add on secular ethics, then religious belief, add on it, very good. But even those people who have no interest about religion, okay, it's not religion, but you can train through education.
Josephine Hart, The truth about love|The weapon of memory, turned on the self, is an apocalyptic sword.
Stephanie Lahart|There’s No Denying It. It’s a great feeling when others believe in you. But today, I want to encourage you to believe in yourself, no matter what! Always believe in yourself, wholeheartedly. No matter what people may say or think, if YOU believe in your capabilities to do something, DO IT. Allow your passion to motivate you every step of your journey. Allow your passion to give you strength when doubt tries to set in. Stay true to yourself and do it how YOU see it! And remember: It’s okay to be different! Be uniquely YOU.
Corey Taylor|I show up in my writing room at approximately 10 A.M. every morning without fail. Sometimes my muse sees fit to join me there and sometimes she doesn't, but she always knows where I'll be. She doesn't need to go hunting in the taverns or on the beach or drag the boulevard looking for me.
Charlotte Whitton|If you ask me what I came into this life to do, I will tell you: I came to live out loud.
Deborah Blake, Veiled Menace|If I was in Talon, I would be the one in charge, I'd be the one calling the shots. I wouldn't have to take pointless exams, listen to humans or worry that my every move was being watched. In Talon, dragons were the bosses, the presidents, the CEOs. If I was a part of the organization, no one would tell me what to do ever again.I would have to let some things go. I t might be painful, but in the end, it would be worth it. Sacrifice was necessary, but I would be free.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|The first time I was ever called ugly, I was thirteen. It was a rich friend of my brother Carlton's over to shoot guns in the field.'Why you crying, girl?' Constantine asked me in the kitchen.I told her what the boy had called me, tears streaming down my face.'Well? Is you?'I blinked, paused my crying. 'Is I what?''Now you look a here, Egenia'-because constantien was the only one who'd occasionally follow Mama's rule. 'Ugly live up on the inside. Ugly be a hurtful, mean person. Is you one a them peoples?''I don't know. I don't think so,' I sobbed.Constantine sat down next to me, at the kitchen table. I heard the cracking of her swollen joints. She pressed her thumb hard in the palm of my hand, somthing we both knew meant Listen. Listen to me.'Ever morning, until you dead in the ground, you gone have to make this decision.' Constantine was so close, I could see the blackness of her gums. 'You gone have to ask yourself, Am I gone believe what them fools say about me today?'She kept her thumb pressed hard in my hand. I nodded that I understood. I was just smart enough to realize she meant white people. And even though I still felt miserable, and knew that I was, most likely, ugly, it was the first time she ever talked to me like I was something besides my mother's white child. All my life I'd been told what to believe about politics, coloreds, being a girl. But with Constantine's thumb pressed in my hand, I realized I actually had a choice in what I could believe.
Jennifer A. Doudna, A Crack in Creation: Gene Editing and the Unthinkable Power to Control Evolution|PGD has also been used for other controversial purposes, such as the birth if so-called savior siblings, destined from the moment of implantation not only to live their own lives, but also to serve as organ or cell donors for a sibling.
Elle Kennedy, Midnight Rescue|She glanced at the bathroom door once more, her cheeks growing warm as the glass door slid open and Kane emerged from the steamy shower stall.	Naked.	She swallowed, unable to tear her eyes away from his nude, dripping-wet body. He had the kind of rock-hard physique that would make other women drool. His broad chest tapered to a trim waist, and his legs were thick and dusted with golden hair. He was lean, not bulky, with perfectly sculpted muscles that looked like they'd been carved out of marble. He was hard. Everywhere.	"I'm afraid it's too late for you to join me in the shower," he said in a silky voice. "Though we could still make good use of the bed.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|You’ve got blood on your hands, asshole, and I’m your goddamned UV light.
Debasish Mridha|Knowing the question is more important than knowing the answer. It makes you curious, lets you think, and helps you to understand and open your mind.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|You don't even care enough about us to hate us, do you?
Ricky Maye|If you do not cultivate your life's environment, you will not captivate the worlds enlightenment.
Jim Bunning|Now our job, our duty, our responsibility to ensure the safety and security of our citizens cannot be complete unless we guarantee health care security for our citizens.
Ane Krstevska|Have you ever wondered how your life would be if you will stop gossiping about people and using your words to bring people down? Try that today, speak only the good things you know about people and encourage others to do the same,
Pope Francis, Encountering Truth: Meeting God in the Everyday|Unless you are led and directed by the Holy Spirit, you will never be truely successful in your ministry.
Anthony Bourdain, Medium Raw: A Bloody Valentine to the World of Food and the People Who Cook|If you’re twenty-two, physically fit, hungry to learn and be better, I urge you to travel – as far and as widely as possible. Sleep on floors if you have to. Find out how other people live and eat and cook. Learn from them – wherever you go.
Magnus Nwagu Amudi|On some issues, it will be an apparent insult to expect one not to be emotional about it, not to be prejudiced or side one's kit and kin.On issues as deep and as touchy as the Nigerian civil war and its consequences to the easterners, till this present day, to ask me not to cry, not to mourn, not to discuss it, is reduce me to a robot and ask of me a miracle, I am no TB Joshua.I may not discuss it often, but in truth, it was a regrettable and sorrowful experience, for any people at all!
OlgaGOA|You are like a narcotic plant..." #TimothySvetlov. #ItalianPassion
Lailah Gifty Akita|The passion for self improvement is the love for reading, learning and writing.
Arzum Uzun, Nerdesin Aşkım?|Okay," i said. "If i can not find anybody to have sex, i call you."He smiled. "When you'll find out you have not anybody to love, you'll call.
Thomas L. Friedman, Hot, Flat, and Crowded: Why We Need a Green Revolution--and How It Can Renew America|When the last tree is cut and the last fish killed, the last river poisoned, then you will see that you can't eat money.
Alexander Gordon Smith, Lockdown|When you're locked up in here for life, you learn to welcome the little freedoms.
Jamie Le Fay, Gravitational Pull|Do you really think that Walter has a chance of becoming president in two years?""Yes, I do. I believe that, in the next few years, we are likely to experience a war between a large population of disenfranchised, jobless, Western Caucasian men and everyone else. The status quo is being disrupted, and they don't like it. Don't expect them to give up power willingly. The forces you challenge are dangerous and don't play fair or clean.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|If what you have done yesterday still looks big to you, you haven't done much today.
Andrea Corr|I've gotten to learn what's important in life and what's not important, and what to spend energy on and what not to. I don't have a family like some of my teammates, but I have a lot of things pulling at me that I have to put my energy into.
Munia Khan|There was silence in her head and silence beneath her window, and still she could not sleep.
Hippocrates|The physician must be able to tell the antecedents, know the present, and foretell the future — must mediate these things, and have two special objects in view with regard to disease, namely, to do good or to do no harm.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|As we are a doomed race, chained to a sinking ship, as the whole thing is a bad joke, let us, at any rate, do our part; mitigate the suffering of our fellow-prisoners; decorate the dungeon with flowers and air-cushions; be as decent as we possibly can.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|Fire is not essential. Fire is warm comfort. From fire, cultures are born.
Libba Bray, Going Bovine|You don't know me, dude," he says, not smiling this time. Gonzo examines his cards, prepping for his next move. "People always think that they know other people, but they don't. Not really. I mean, maybe they know things about them, like they won't eat doughnuts or they like action movies or whatever. But they don't know what their friends do in their rooms alone at night or what happened to them when they were kids or if they feel ****ed up for no reason at all.
Alton Brown|Globalization, far from putting an end to power diplomacy between States, has, on the contrary, intensified it.
T Jay Taylor|Teachable moments are any time that you use situations to dialogue with your child about what's going on- what he or she has seen, heard, or done. As this passage from Deuteronomy (Deut. 6:6-7) describes, teachable moments can be any time you and your child are together.
Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea|For a word to be spoken, there must be silence. Before, and after.
Michael Connelly, The Black Ice|You don’t like what you see out your window, you put up a wall.
William Shakespeare|I am doubtful myself about the undertaking. Part of the attraction of the L.R. is, I think, due to the glimpses of a large history in the background: an attraction like that of viewing far off an unvisited island, or seeing the towers of a distant city gleaming in a sunlit mist. To go there is to destroy the magic, unless new unattainable vistas are again revealed. Also many of the older legends are purely 'mythological', and nearly all are grim and tragic: a long account of the disasters that destroyed the beauty of the Ancient World, from the darkening of Valinor to the Downfall of Numenor and the flight of Elendil.
Stephen Rodrick|My great fear has always been complete and utter failure. Hence, you see, all the dispossessed people in my fiction, and why I try to earn as much money as I can. It's a defense. I don't enjoy it or do anything with it.
source unknown|Guys are accessories, until one proves he's an necessity.
Louise O'Neill, Only Ever Yours|I can't even remember the first time I saw a porno. I presume I must have been shocked, frightened even, but after watching another and another and another they sort of blend into nothingness.
Cassia Leo, Anti-Romance|Then maybe you’ll believe me when I say…you’re pretty fucking special, Laney Hill.
Erin M. Straza, Comfort Detox: Finding Freedom from Habits That Bind You|The abundant life Jesus spoke of isn't opposed to the material, but it consists of more than just the material.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|Hence the vocation of the Church of Christ in the world, in political conflict and social strife, is inherently eschatological. The Church is the embassy of the eschaton in the world. The church is the image of what the world is in its essential being. The Church is the trustee of the society which the world, not subjected to the power of death, is to be on that last day when the world is fulfilled in all things in God.
Will Durant, Our Oriental Heritage|For what is philosophy but an art - one more attempt to give "significant form" to the chaos of experience?
Neneh Cherry|Many times I sit back and say, 'I can't believe that this is my life!' Other times, I feel self-satisfied. I mean, there's a lot to be proud and thankful for but, nonetheless, it's just a life!
Isaiah Hankel, Black Hole Focus: How Intelligent People Can Create a Powerful Purpose for Their Lives|Research on the human brain has shown it is predisposed to think in the terms of a story.36 This predisposition is continuously reinforced and strengthened throughout the life of your brain. Imaging studies have shown only a small, quarter-sized region of your brain lights up when someone tells you a series of facts. However, when someone tells you a story laced with those facts, or those facts in action, your entire brain lights up. Not only can you program your mind with a story — you can program someone else’s mind.
Thomas Jefferson|Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties.
Penelope Ward, My Skylar|If the thought of losing someone doesn't scare the shit out of you, then it's not love
Tan Redding, A Banquet Of Crumbs|Stop saying hurt.’ She turned on him; the wounded animal finally breaking free. ‘You fall over on the pavement, that hurts; you stub your toe, that hurts; you trap your finger in a car door, shit, that hurts. You did not hurt me. James. It was like you took a razor and pressed down hard in the tenderest place.
Steven Wright|Like almost everyone who uses e-mail, I receive a ton of spam every day. Much of it offers to help me get out of debt or get rich quick. It would be funny if it weren't so exciting.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Our thoughts, feelings and whereabouts: Food we dish up on plates called photographs and status updates; to feed Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.; beasts with insatiable appetites.
Tiberius|Don't get me wrong: school is good and all, but school is way too slow for me. Like, super slow. So I didn't want to go. I wanted to learn on my own with real life experiences.
Grace Noll Crowell|Almost I feel the pulsebeat of the ages, Now swift, now slow, beneath my fingertips.The heartthrobs of the prophets and the sagesBeat through these bindings; and my quick hand slipsOld books from dusty shelves, in eager seekingFor truths the flaming tongues of the ancients tell;For the words of wisdom that they still are speakingAs clearly as an echoing silver bell.Here is the melody that lies foreverAt the deep heart of living; here we keepThe accurate recorded discs that neverCan be quite silenced, though their makers sleepThe still deep sleep, so long as a seeker findsThe indelible imprint of their moving minds.
Gary D. Schmidt, The Wednesday Wars|If I was a worrier I'd worry, but not being a worrier I'm just sort of confused and pissed off.
Ursula K. Le Guin|The power of the harasser, the abuser, the rapist depends above all on the silence of women.
Amber Sparks, The Desert Places|Without somebody to watch me, laugh at my jokes, tell me what to do, ask me questions, race me to the river, make me guess the names of birds, or challenge me to count the silvery fish in a school, there was nothing for me to do. Without somebody to be somebody to, it was as though I wasn't somebody myself.
Heather Brewer, First Kill|Just for the record, saying 'The surprise hasn't started yet' while pulling something out of your pants is super creepy.
Mark Sayers, The Vertical Self: How Biblical Faith Can Help Us Discover Who We Are in An Age of Self Obsession|In the absence of a story or foundation that gives hope or meaning, life has become a never-ending quest for pleasure and experience. Instead of being good, people want to feel good.
Carl R. Rogers|We weep for the blood of a bird, but not for the blood of a fish. Blessed are those who have voice.
George Soros|Everybody says that I have a lot of power. But what does that power consist of?... Can I influence governments? I am beginning to be able to..." (1995)
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature and Walking|The lover of nature is he whose inward and outward senses are still truly adjusted to each other; who has retained the spirit of infancy even into the era of manhood. His intercourse with heaven and earth, becomes part of his daily food. In the presence of nature, a wild delight runs through the man, in spite of real sorrows...
Debasish Mridha|To reduce violence, stop teaching how to find differences and teach unconditional kindness.
Ann Beattie|Nothing is so lovely as a quietly snoring dog and some evening Brahms, as you sit in a comfortably overstuffed chair with your feet on the footstool.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you can only remember the mundane things you did but do not have any valuable products to show for your time, then you are a time spender.
Tim O'Rourke, Wolf House - Potter's Story|I am not fake, I am just to good to be true :-)
George Stephanopoulos|One thing I have learned in my time in politics is that if one of the parties is shameless, the other party cannot afford to be spineless.
Kay Hagan|You always hear the phrase, money doesn't buy you happiness. But I always in the back of my mind figured a lot of money will buy you a little bit of happiness. But it's not really true. I got a new car because the old one's lease expired.
John Muir|A few minutes ago every tree was excited, bowing to the roaring storm,waving, swirling, tossing their branches in glorious enthusiasm likeworship. But though to the outer ear these trees are now silent, theirsongs never cease. -John Muir, naturalist, explorer, and writer (1838-1914)
James Morcan, Debunking Holocaust Denial Theories|Even at the very dawn of Christianity, there was a commonly-accepted theory known as the Blood Libel, which stated matter-of-factly that Jewish people regularly sacrificed non-Jewish babies and used the blood of those babies in Judaic rituals. Later, in medieval times, plagues and other diseases were commonly blamed on Jews, resulting in the enforcement of Apartheid-like conditions, separating Jewish communities from the rest of the population throughout Europe. For example, in the Papal States – territories in the Italian Peninsula that existed throughout the middle ages and medieval times that were governed directly by the Pope – Jews were only allowed to reside in neighborhoods called ghettos. They were regularly forced to convert to Christianity in various barbaric ways such as involuntary baptisms. The stealing of Jewish babies from their parents by Church officials was also not uncommon and the children would often then be brought up as Catholic orphans never knowing of their Jewish heritage.
Olivier Theyskens|Don't waste time on jealousy. Sometimes you're ahead, sometimes you're behind.
Gray Scott|And when they encounter works of art which show that using new media can lead to new experiences and to new consciousness, and expand our senses, our perception, our intelligence, our sensibility, then they will become interested in this music.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|So it's true what they say about warlocks, then?" true?". "You can't be rude to everyone who talks to me."Alec made a wide, sweeping gesture. "And why not? Cramping your style, am I? I mean, maybe you were hoping to flirt with werewolf boy here. He's pretty attractive, if you like the messy-haired, broad-shouldered, chiseled-good-looks type.""Hey, now," said Jordan mildly. Magnus put his head in his hands.  into?""Mermaids," said Magnus into his fingers. "They always smell like seaweed."," Alec said savagely, and kicking back his chair, he got up from the table and stalked off into the crowd.
George Carlin|I thought about how mothers feed their babies with tiny little spoons and forks so I wondered, what do Chinese mothers use? Toothpicks?
Sarah Orne Jewett|Those who love deeply never grow old; they may die of old age, but they die young.
Simon Van Booy, The Illusion of Separateness|He died at the wrong time, when there was much to be clarified and established. They hadn’t even started to be grown-ups together. There was this piece of heaven, this little girl he’d carried around the shop on his shoulders; and then one day she was gone, replaced by a foreigner, an uncooperative woman he didn’t know how to speak to. Being so confused, so weak, so in love, he chose strength and drove her away from himself. The last years he spent wondering where she’d gone, and slowly came to realise that she would never return, and that the husband he’d chosen for her was an idiot.
Karl Marx, The Communist Manifesto|The history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles.Freeman and slave, patrician and plebeian, lord and serf, guildmaster and journeyman, in a word, oppressor and oppressed, stood in constant opposition to one another, carried on an uninterrupted, now hidden, now open fight, that each time ended, either in the revolutionary reconstitution of society at large, or in the common ruin of the contending classes.
Tony Hoagland, Ploughshares|When you're a student of poetry, you're lucky if you don't realize how untalented you are until you get a little better. Otherwise, you would just stop.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|She had worn the Morgenstern ring since Jace had left it for her, and sometimes she wondered why. Did she really want to be reminded of Valentine? And yet, at the same time, was it ever right to forget?You couldn't erase everything that caused you pain with its recollection. She didn't want to forget Max or Madeleine, or Hodge, or the Inquisitor, or even Sebastian. Every moment was valuable; even the bad ones.
Scott Lynch, The Republic of Thieves|What do you think of the old boy?" said Jean."He's got a strangely sunny view of ten years of defeat", said Locke, "but if I get killed in the next six weeks, I want him to speak at my funeral.
Brandon Stanton|There are so many people that use 'following your dreams' as an excuse to not work. When in reality, following your dreams, successfully, is nothing but work.
Jason Lee|If you think it's hard to meet new people, try picking up the wrong golf ball.
Karen Armstrong|We're not all equal, it's simply not true. That isn't science.
John R.W. Stott|Love has no contingencies, no expectations, no ideals. Love is a gift to thyself, the experience of divinity in full expression.
John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That|Gossip has always been a problem. It is one of the most powerful, addictive behaviors there is. As long as the human race has had a common language they have used it to gossip.
Taylor Swift, Taylor Swift|The way you walk, way you talk, way you say my name; it's beautiful, wonderful, don't you ever change.
John Ajvide Lindqvist, Harbor|We are going toward the sea. I have swollen. I am carried away. Sometimes at night love comes up so quickly and so high, and if we have no little boat perhaps it is because we want to roll breathless under the ocean floor.
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|In a culture of diversity, one group is likely not "just like everyone else." To deny that we have different needs, concerns, thought processes, worldview, is to refuse to look at the reason we are supposedly an identifiable community.
Cioran|The more goods we acquire in the temporal realm, the more intense our external work, the less accessible and farther removed is eternity. Hence the limited perspective of active and energetic people, the banality of their thought and actions.
Jenny Erpenbeck, Visitation|Home. It's such a simple word, one I never knew would come to mean as much to me as it has. It once was my dad's house, then my uncle's farm. Mostly it's meant wherever Charlie and I were together. Now, though, it's you. It's your letters, your words. They're the place I go to with my fears, where I find comfort, where I feel safe.
Sharon Sant, Not of Our Sky|Love is not an idea, not a feeling, not a sensation, not a sentiment, not a passion, not even an emotion. It is becoming and being not... Ultimate nothingness! Complete self-annihilation!
Cindy Skaggs, Live By The Team|Ya got to watch them bears, Lillie Girl,” her father said, looking worried, “ ‘specially the renegade ones. They’ll turn you every way but loose.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|I've decided to call him Norbert,' said Hagrid, looking at the dragon with misty eyes. 'He really knows me now, watch. Norbert! Norbert! Where's Mummy?''He's lost his marbles,' Ron muttered in Harry's ear.'Hagrid,' said Harry loudly, 'give it a fortnight and Norbert's going to be as big as your house. Malfoy could go to Dumbledore at any moment.Hagrid bit his lip.'I- I know I can't jus' dump him, I can't.'Harry suddenly turned to Ron.'Charlie,' he said.'You're losing it too,' said Ron. 'I'm Ron, remember?
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals|...[M]oral instruction, although containing much that is convincing for the reason, ...accomplishes... little... [because] the teachers themselves have not got their own notions clear, and when they endeavor to make up for this by raking up motives of moral goodness from every quarter, trying to make their physic right strong, they spoil it.
Robert M. La Follette|If it were a fact, it wouldn't be called intelligence.
Tess Oliver, Camille|He looked down at my fingers wrapped around his coat then lifted his eyes to mine. 'My tiny huntress, do you know what you've done to me?
Ben Greenman, What He's Poised to Do: Stories|It seemed he was the perfect lover, at least for the moment. He did not live where you lived. He did not see you often enough, or for long enough, for you to grow bored, or to feel afraid that you were not feeling love---or worse, that you were. The perfection had a cost, which is that he was not in any true sense a real person. He was a coat you bought off the rack, an unsuperlative fashion statement.
Alfred Lord Tennyson|The possession of arbitrary power has always, the world over, tended irresistibly to destroy humane sensibility, magnanimity, and truth.
Dave Wolverton, The Courtship of Princess Leia|Follow my finger." He moved it around, tracking my eye movements. "Any blurred vision?""Well I think I'm hallucinating, because I see a big talking pile of crap." - Joanne Baldwin.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Imagination|Between giant spiders and meeting Edmund Ellis did I have a chance, Ms Rainn?
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|There are two ways to be happy: improve your reality, or lower your expectations.
Avina Celeste|If you spend your time trying to become who everyone else wants you to be, you will be torn apart. There is no way to be perfect in a world with so many different opinions on the right way to be. If you want to feel whole, you have to live as who you believe you need to be.
Nicholas Sparks, A Bend in the Road|If it’s over, then don’t let the past screw up the rest of your life.
Monica Raymund|If you want to be a screenwriter, take an acting class to get a sense of what you're asking actors to do. Learning other skills will help you communicate with people and respect what they do.
Stephen Colbert|I always wrote poetry as a teenager and it was always so dark, but it made me feel good to get it out.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|Very possibly this was the night my white-knight complex, as Solange put it, would get me killed. Someone had better write a poem about it. It was only fair.
Herman Koch, The Dinner|[I] never talk about gratitude and joy separately, for this reason. In 12 years, I've never interviewed a single person who would describe their lives as joyful, who would describe themselves as joyous, who was not actively practicing gratitude.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Night Flight|We do not pray for immortality, but only not to see our acts and all things stripped suddenly of all their meaning; for then it is the utter emptiness of everything reveals itself.
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|My faithful companion, Zoe Nightshade, has passed into the stars. I must have a new lieutenant. And I intend to choose one. But first, Father Zeus, I must speak to you privately."Zeus beckoned Artemis forward. He leaned down and listened as she spoke in his ear.A feeling of panic seized me. "Annabeth," I said under my breath. "Don't."She frowned at me. "What?"Look, I need to tell you something," I continued. The words came stumbling out of me. "I couldn't stand it if… I don't want you to—"Percy?" she said. "You look like you're going to be sick."And that's how I felt. I wanted to say more, but my tongue betrayed me. It wouldn't move because of the fear in my stomach
Kenya Wright, 420|Anytime you need me, just call. I'll stop everything for you. Any fucking thing on this earth.
Anthony T. Hincks|It was entirely taken for granted that there wasn't any lying in our family, and I was advanced in adolescence before I realized that in plenty of homes where I played with schoolmates, and went to their parties, children lied to their parents and parents lied to their children and to each other. It took me a long time to realize that these very same everyday lies, and the stratagems and jokes and tricks and dares that went with them, were in fact the basis of the scenes I so well loved to hear about and hoped for and treasured in the conversation of adults. My instinct - the dramatic instinct - was to lead me, eventually, on the right track for a storyteller: the scene was full of hints, pointers, suggestions, and promises of things to find out and know about human beings.I had to grow up and learn to listen for the unspoken as well as the spoken - and to know a truth, I also had to recognize a lie.
Joseph E. Stiglitz|In case of dissension, never dare to judge till you've heard the other side.
Mircea Eliade|Jocelyn recognized reading as a sacred pastime and usually wouldn't interrupt Clary in the middle of a book, even to yell at her.
E. Lockhart, We Were Liars|For the old people in my family—Mummy, the aunties, Granddad—the accumulation of beautiful objects is a life goal.Whoever dies with the most stuff wins.Wins what? is what I’d like to know.
Rebecca Goldstein, Plato at the Googleplex: Why Philosophy Won't Go Away|However, James and Aamir did not discuss their astounding box office grosses or formulas for success.Instead, they exchanged notes on the process of film-making; how ideas, even seemingly crazy ones that require developing a unique camera, as James did for Avatar, become a reality; how stories and not special effects are the heartbeat of movies.
Serena Jade, Charismatic Connection: The Authentic Soul Mate Experience|Eternity Shines through Time in the Presence of True Soul Mates!"-Author Serena Jade
Ramona Govender|Darkness and light. Black and white. But which is death, and which is life?
Debasish Mridha|Love is the magic, mystery, and the beauty of life.
John Lennon|I was the walrus, but now I am John...and so my friends, you'll just have to carry on. The dream is over.
Isabelle Adjani|For years, I have been stalked by a bad reputation. Actually, I have been pursued by people who have regarded me as the 'Death and Dying' Lady. They believe that having spent more than three decades in research into death and life after death qualifies me as an expert on the subject. I think they miss the point.
Billy Collins|I'm all for poetry catching up with technology, and just as there are iTunes, I think we should have iPoems. I mean, people should be able to walk around with their earbuds in and listening to poems on their iPod.
Malcolm Gladwell|If you can imagine it, you can achieve it. If you can dream it, you can become it.
A.D. Posey|The flower doth not worry, and the tree doth not waver.
Joseph E. Stiglitz, Making Globalization Work|Overborrowing or overlending? Lenders encourage indebtedness because it is profitable. Developing country governments are sometimes even pressured to overborrow ... Even without corruption, it is easy to be influenced by Western businessmen and financiers ... Countries that aren't sure that borrowing is worth the rist are told how important it is to establis a credit rating: borrow even if you really don't need the money.
Gary M. Douglas, Salon Des Femmes: Conversations about women, men, sex, love, relationships, and becoming a pragmatist of femininity|Living is the act of continuous creation moment by moment, day by day.
Michael Bloomberg|I did my best, and God did the rest.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|The interruption did nothing but earn her a similar slap, as I’m sure she knew it would. Sometimes I wondered if my mother spoke up at the wrong time on purpose. As often as we endured my father’s abuse, she had to be aware that it wouldn’t save me from a beating but simply earn her one as well. Or was it that sharing my fate made her feel less guilt-ridden about those things that happened to me?
Elizabeth Hardwick, Seduction and Betrayal: Women and Literature|There is nothing quite like this novel with its rage and ragings, its discontent and angry restlessness. Wuthering Heights is a virgin's story.
Jorge P. Guerrero|Sometimes, when you attempt to run away from your true calling, all roads will conspire to lead you back to where you came from.
Jane Porter|In theory there is a possibility of perfect happiness: To believe in the indestructible element within one, and not to strive towards it.
Unknown|When one door closes, a window opens and then zombies pile in and bite you in the ass.
Walt Disney Company|There is more treasure in books than in all the pirates' loot on Treasure Island and best of all, you can enjoy these riches every day of your life.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Practice any art, music, singing, dancing, acting, drawing, painting, sculpting, poetry, fiction, essays, reportage, no matter how well or badly, not to get money and fame, but to experience becoming, to find out what’s inside you, to make your soul grow.
J.P. Morgan|Stephanie had no problem doing what shewas told, just so long as she was given a good reason why sheshould.
Stephen Dobyns, Eating Naked: Stories|These people you used to see every day, friends or acquaintances, after a while they become as distant as any stranger, people you suddenly recall late at night--you remember something they said or something silly that someone once did. For a few moments they completely occupy your mind; then you forget them again.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With heavy rainfall, the river will overflow its banks.
S.C. Stephens, Thoughtless|I think in the end, you would have stayed with me, out of obligation...or maybe comfort. Maybe I was safe to you, and you needed to feel that. I know how scared you get of the unknown. To you...I must be kind of a security blanket. Do you see now, how that doesn't work for me? I don't want to be there, simply because the idea of me being gone is too...scary. I want to be someone's everything. I want fire and passion, and love that's returned, equally. I want to be someone's heart... Even if it means breaking my own.
Andrea Lochen, The Repeat Year|We all have been given a gift; if you have not sort it out yet, yours is stupidity.
Slash|The very greatest things - great thoughts, discoveries, inventions - have usually been nurtured in hardship, often pondered over in sorrow, and at length established with difficulty.
Amani Abbas|In the year 3,000,002,012 the Andromeda Galaxy may collide with our Milky Way. At first this sounds miserable, like a collision of two bird flocks. But galaxy members fly farly, not tip to tip. In a galactic collision the stars do not actually collide—as with crisscrossing marching bands, only the interstices collide. (Oh to be like a galaxy, to mingle without wrecking. But then we would have to be composed of so much more sky.) The spaces between stars are so wide that thousands of galaxies have to converge before the stars will crash.
Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel|Although I was so big, and so rough in many ways, loved hunting, fighting, horseback riding, I loved the piano above everything else...The mountain man's obsession is to get a glimpse of the sea.
Elizabeth Heiter, Vanished|I am Not a Pirate, I merely watch movies and delete them. Never store them on my computer.
Richie Norton|Orozco's despair was not just in finding himself poor, but in discovering that effort, honest intentions, and gentlemanly status had nothing to do with sucess in a commercial economy.
Barbara Kingsolver, Animal Dreams|God, why does a mortal man have children? It is senseless to love anything this much.
Damien Chazelle|I stopped making movies because I don't like taking my clothes off. Maybe it's realism, but in my opinion, it's utter filth.
Kristiane Backer, From MTV to Mecca: How Islam Inspired My Life|When you come up a bit short on excellence, you still win. When you strive for perfect, you’re just never quite good enough.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|Islam expect every Muslim to do this duty, and if we realise our responsibility time will come soon when we shall justify ourselves worthy of a glorious past.
Joyce Guo|I can push them away, fight them, or ignore them but family is something you can never get rid of.
R. Scott Bakker, The Judging Eye|So he came to realize that learning a language was perhaps the most profound thing a man could do. Not only did it require wrapping different sounds around the very movement of your soul, it involved learning things somehow already known, as though much of what he was somehow existed apart from him. A kind of enlightenment accompanied these first lessons, a deeper understanding of self.
Stephen King, The Gunslinger|He was one of those quite rare adults who communicate with small children fairly well and who love them all impartially--not in a sugary way but in a businesslike fashion that may sometimes entail a hug, in the same way that closing a big business deal may call for a handshake.
Arnošt Lustig|Some people know they'll live until spring and that's all they need to be happy. When I was feeling good, I just let the sun go down, knowing I'd see it again next morning. When I felt worse, and it didn't matter for what reasons, every sunset seemed to me like the end of the world. Maybe it's true, that the world dies every day at evening and is born again in the morning. But not always for everybody.
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|Have they built cities on the moon?" another boy asked hopefully."We left some garbage and a flag there in the sixties, but thats about it.
Annette Curtis Klause, Blood and Chocolate|He was raw and sharp and rich and throbbing with life. He was sweet blood after a long hunt. How could she have mistaken Aiden's kisses for this? They had been delicious and smooth like the brief comfort of chocolate, but they had never been enough.
A.J. Compton, The Counting-Downers|No matter how hard we try to separate, and if eventually we finally separate, we are just fooling around thinking we had parted, yet our hearts dwells where we cowardly believed we had left.
Bob Hoskins|Marriage, like money, is still with us; and, like money, progressively devalued.
Murray N. Rothbard, Anatomy of the State|Another potent ideological force is to deprecate the individual and exalt the collectivity of society. For since any given rule implies majority acceptance, any ideological danger to that rule can only start from one or a few independently-thinking individuals. The new idea, much less the new critical idea, must needs begin as a small minority opinion; therefore, the State must nip the view in the bud by ridiculing any view that defies the opinions of the mass. “Listen only to your brothers” or “adjust to society” thus become ideological weapons for crushing individual dissent. By such measures, the masses will never learn of the nonexistence of their Emperor’s clothes.
K.E. Garvey|A universal truth that most mature women have learned, often the hard way.... When choosing a mate, keep in mind, only nature has the ability to turn sand into pearls. If the relationship isn't happy, healthy, or working, move on... unless of course you prefer sand.
Carl Honore|Perhaps believing in good design is like believing in God, it makes you an optimist.
Natsuo Kirino, Real World|If you say I hide things because I'm shy, that can't be right. I've finally realized it's for a different reason-- that I don't want to see the darkness that lies in my heart
Kristi Yamaguchi|And I have to work so hard at talking positively to myself. If I don't, it's just real hard to get through the day, and I'll get really down, and just want to cry. My whole body language changes. I get more slumped over.
John Wyndham, The Day of the Triffids|Cynicism masquerades as wisdom, but it is the farthest thing from it. Because cynics don’t learn anything. Because cynicism is a self-imposed blindness, a rejection of the world because we are afraid it will hurt us or disappoint us.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Virgin Suicides|Mr. Lisbon knew his parental and neighborly duty entailed putting the retainer in a Ziploc bag, calling the Kriegers, and telling them their expensive orthodontal device was in safe keeping. Acts like theses -- simple, humane, conscientious, forgiving -- held life together. Only a few days earlier he would have been able to perform them. But now he took the retainer and dropped it in the toiler. He pressed the handle. The retainer, jostled int he surge, disappeared down the porcelain throat, and, when waters abated, floated triumphantly, mockingly, out, Mr. Lisbon waited for the tank to refill and flushed again, but the same thing happened. The replica of the boy's mouth clung to the white slope.
Jacqueline Koyanagi, Ascension|Treatments worked well enough for us to get by. Most people lived into old age, but the medication, like everything else, has never been free. Life was a privilege, not a right, apparently. Something you had to struggle for when you were unlucky enough to be born at the intersection of poverty and bad genes.
Alin Sav|Leadership. Something you need few words for, acts are enough.
Plato|I can live without money, but I cannot live without love.
Denis Markell, Click Here to Start|Different nations... different main languages... But in the end they are "="... both as characters are fucking ignorant.
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol|Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?''That depends a good deal on where you want to get to,' said the Cat.'I don't much care where -' said Alice.'Then it doesn't matter which way you go,' said the Cat.'- so long as I get SOMEWHERE,' Alice added as an explanation.'Oh, you're sure to do that,' said the Cat, 'if you only walk long enough.
Garry Douglas Kilworth, The Wizard Of Woodworld|Oh, i feel my eyes are swollen. It's like either sobbing all night or someone punch me in the eyes.
Marilyn Waring|Men won't easily give up a system in which half the world's population works for next to nothing...[and recognizes that]precisely because that half works for so little, it may have no energy left to fight for anything else.
donwayne|I ask myself, who do i trust? Then i answered, No-one
Neilson Voyne Smith, Chomsky: Ideas and Ideals|...if we were to associate the genius of a place with one particular thing – the Russians with literature, say, or the Germans with music, the Dutch and Spanish with painting – we would have to say that the true genius of Ancient India was language.
Vironika Tugaleva|We all say we hate being misunderstood and how we desperately want to find people who understand us. But it is not lack of compatible people that keeps us lonely. There is no shortage of people on your journey. The real, secret obstacle that we have against finding authentic, genuine relationships with people is our subconscious fear of growth. If we stick around in the bin of broken toys playing the queen or the king, at least we get to feel some sense of accomplishment at being the most evolved person we know. To find our tribe means finding people we can learn from, people who are better at some things than we are, people who have something to teach. We say we want it, but how many of us fear being a beginner more than loneliness and much more than being in the wrong crowd? There is a strange comfort, a sense of safety, to suffering and loneliness. To be happy, to find our family, we must be willing to let that go.
Ayana Mathis, The Twelve Tribes of Hattie|When the Root and Branch were young, when the Rose still grew unplucked upon the tree; when all our lands were new and green and we danced without care, then, we were immortal... We left those lands for the world where time dwells, dancing, that we might see the passage of the sun and the growing of the world. Here we may die, and where we can fall, and here King ___ has stopped his dancing.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Ignorance is avoiding that which stands in front of me out of the misplaced hope that it will put what I’m ignoring behind me. Instead, it’s most certain to drop it on top of me.
Joe Schreiber, The Unholy Cause|I fear that if the matter is beyond humanity, it is certainly beyond me.
Shelley K. Wall|One of the most difficult lessons life has taught me is that if, despite my best efforts, something is not working out, it may be time to step back and assess what other opportunities are coming my way..
George Vecsey|Some religious guys in sports give the impression, 'I've got something you don't have.'
James          Anderson, The Never-Open Desert Diner|Rich people always had someone to call who could arrange something that the average guy couldn't get done, no matter how right or wrong. The only call the poor man could make was to Jesus. If Jesus didn't answer, Smith and Wesson always did.
Noah Webster|When people get used to preferential treatment, equal treatment seems like discrimination.
Margot Fonteyn|You're thinking that people don't keep up old jealousies for twenty years or so. Perhaps not. Not just primitive, brute jealousy. That means a word and a blow. But the thing that rankles is hurt vanity. That sticks. Humiliation. And we've all got a sore spot we don't like to have touched.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|If you could blow the brain up to the size of a mill and walk about inside, you would not find consciousness.
David Cameron|In the '90s, there was scant presidential leadership and insufficient domestic political mobilization for foreign policy grounded in human rights.
Kenneth Eade, The Spy Files|Our democracy depends on an informed citizenry to survive, Your Honor. Besides the advancement of truth, science and morality in general, the freedom of the press is a backbone of democracy. It exists to keep the government transparent, and the human instruments of government honest.
Hannah Harrington, Speechless|The man who can keep a secret may be wise, but he is not half as wise as the man with no secrets to keep
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|The boy was a model pupil, forgettable and easily forgotten, and he sent much of his spare time in the back of the English class where there were shelves of old paperbacks, and in the school library, a large room filled with books and old armchairs, where he read stories as enthusiastically as some children ate.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Since everything is destructible including life, you should, therefore, make the best out of life while it lasts.
Sara Pennypacker|He could offer only withness, but nothing else was asked.
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|Rex, in his early forties, had grown heavy and ruddy; he had lost his Canadian accent and acquired instead the hoarse, loud tone that was common to all his friends, as though their voices were perpetually strained to make themselves heard above a crowd, as though, with youth forsaking them, there was no time to wait the opportunity to speak, no time to listen, no time to reply; time for a laugh — a throaty mirthless laugh, the base currency of goodwill.
Colin Quinn|I make fun of situations and try and find the humor in things, but it's never at the expense of the other guy.
Jake Vander-Ark, The Accidental Siren|I don’t know what it is but every time I see you I feel such a strong urge, to be near you, to protect you, to hold you in my arms and never let you go.” Luke Nero - The Witchlings-Midnight curse
Bryant A. Loney|But it was a matter of great consolation to her, that what brought evil to herself would bring good to her sister; and Elinor, on the other hand, suspecting that it would not be in her power to avoid Edward entirely, comforted herself by thinking, that though their longer stay would therefore militate against her own happiness, it would be better for Marianne than an immediate return into Devonshire.
Solomon Northup|For we conceive it as the aim of a philosopher, as such, to do somewhat more than define and formulate the common normal opinions of mankind. His function is to tell men what they ought to think, rather than what they do think: he is expected to transcend Common Sense in his premises, and is allowed a certain divergence from Common Sense in his conclusions. It is true that the limits of this deviation are firmly, though indefinitely, fixed: the truth of a philosopher's premises will always be tested by the acceptability of his conclusions: if in any important point he be found in flagrant conflict with common opinion, his method is likely to be declared invalid. Still, though he is expected to establish and concatenate at least the main part of the commonly accepted moral rules, he is not necessarily bound to take them as the basis on which his own system is constructed. Rather, we should expect that the history of Moral Philosophy--so far at least as those whom we may call orthodox thinkers are concerned--would be a history of attempts to enunciate, in full breadth and clearness, those primary intuitions of Reason, by the scientific application of which the common moral thought of mankind may be at once systematized and corrected.
Annie Dillard, The Writing Life|Only after a writer lets literature shape her can she perhaps shape literature. In working-class France, when an apprentice got hurt, or when he got tired, the experienced workers said, "It is the trade entering his body." The art must enter the body, too.
Stuart Rojstaczer, The Mathematician's Shiva|Every instant of every day we are bombarded by information. In fact, all complex organisms, especially those with brains, suffer from information overload. Our eyes and ears receive lights and sounds (respectively) across the spectrums of visible and audible wavelengths; our skin and the rest of our innervated parts send their own messages of sore muscles or cold feet. All told, every second, our senses transmit an estimated 11 million bits of information to our poor brains, as if a giant fiber-optic cable were plugged directly into them, firing information at full bore. In light of this, it is rather incredible that we are even capable of boredom.
Julie Burchill, Sugar Rush|Youth is an unrecoverable asset. Unless you are a hydra, lucky you.
Sheri S. Tepper, The True Game|For it would be only for a time. Until what he knew and thought became no longer relevant or necessary and was forgotten. But that was the same with all of us. We were only what we were for a time, at that time. Then our own silver began to mix with the tin of our future to change us. I knew this to be so and grieved for Windlow while I grieved for me. In time I would not be this Peter, even as I now was not the peter of two years ago.... Yet that Peter was not lost.
Leigh Bardugo, Crooked Kingdom|Being a humble person, she gave her pie shop a humble name—PIE.
Richard Petracca|They say a picture is worth a thousand words, but it is up to the author to write those thousand words. – Richard Petracca
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|I suppose it had something to do with it being a secret, just how much it had meant to me. Maybe all of us at Hailsham had little secrets like that--little private nooks created out of thin air where we could go off alone with our fears and longings. But the very fact that we had such needs would have felt wrong to us at the time--like somehow we were letting the side down.
Jeremy McCarter, Hamilton: The Revolution|Unfortunately his Zen training never quite produced in him a Zen-like calm or inner serenity, and that too is part of his legacy. He was often tightly coiled and impatient, traits he made no effort to hide. Most people have a regulator between their mind and mouth that modulates their brutish sentiments and spikiest impulses. Not Jobs. He made a point of being brutally honest. "My job is to say when something sucks rather than sugar coat it," he said. This made him charismatic and inspiring, yet also, to use the technical term, an asshole at times.
John Grant|I love a lot of different styles, but my heart belongs in electronic music.
Johnny Mathis|I have declared that patience is never more than patient. I too have declared, that I who am not patient am patient.
Thomas Merton, A Book of Hours|No death, no doom, no anguish can arouse the surpassing despair which flows from a loss of ide
Robert Atkins|A diet should be named after what you do eat, not what you don't eat.
Ray Dalio|At its most basic the democratic contract is a simple one: the right to vote comes with a responsibility to society, through tax payments and citizenship.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Good Husband of Zebra Drive|So it seems as though this part of us that is living a life on Earth is only a small piece or splinter of a much larger us. That we are many rather than one, or rather pieces of a more complex whole. We are only able to focus on the splinter we perceive as our totality. That is a good thing, because if we were aware of the complexity of it we would not be able to function in this world or reality. We are only able to see the facade that masks a much larger picture. Only now are we being allowed to peek behind the veil.
John Medina, Brain Rules: 12 Principles for Surviving and Thriving at Work, Home, and School|If you are trying to get information across to someone, your ability to create a compelling introduction may be the most important single factor in the later success of your mission.
Rabbie Burns|Trying to drown me woman?"'You can't drown a SEAL,' she said. 'How embarrassing would that be?''God yes. Shoot me, hang me, let me die of infection from a hangnail, but don't let me die in the water. They'd send me to hell on principle.
Akshay Vasu|Don't ask me why am I not fine, don't say a word just come and hug me. Even if I don't hug you back at that very moment, don't let me go. Hug me more tightly, let me hear your heart beating for me, let me feel the warmth of you inside your arms when your hand is rubbing my back and your fingers are moving through my hair, burn down all my insecurities with your love.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Portable Nietzsche|Withersoever the wheel of Fortune turns, Virtue stands firm upon her feet.
Margaret Hodges, Saint George and the Dragon|I get depressed with these fluffy dragons and noble elves. Elves were never noble. They were cruel bastards. And I dislike heroes. You can’t trust the buggers. They always let you down. I don’t believe in the natural nobility of kings, because a large percentage of them in our history have turned out to be power-crazed idiots. And I certainly don’t believe in the wisdom of wizards. I’ve worked with their modern equivalents, and I know what I’m talking about.
Christopher McCandless|Our first scene is sort of a reunion between the X-Men characters, which establishes everyone's relationship to one another, sort of like a recap for all those who have forgotten since the last movie.
Briana Pacheco, A Sky Full of Secrets|I never felt in love with anyone. Though right now with Luna, I’m pretty sure this is what it feels like to be in love with a person.
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|I am seventeen. The good things about seventeen is that you’re not sixteen. Sixteen goes with the word sweet, and I am so far from sweet.
Francis Ford Coppola|I like to work in the morning. I like to sometimes go to a place where I'm all alone where I'm not going to get a phone call early that hurts my feelings, because once my feelings are hurt, I'm dead in the water.
Jose Ortega y Gasset|The novel is born of disillusionment; the poem, of despair.
Norman Maclean, A River Runs Through It and Other Stories|Ahead and to the west was our ranger station - and the mountains of Idaho, poems of geology stretching beyond any boundaries and seemingly even beyond the world.
Lokesh Fouzdar|the star that I was wishingthe light that I was kissingsitting back and reminiscing that night, it was missing.
James Comey|No one knows when a robot will approach human intelligence, but I suspect it will be late in the 21st century. Will they be dangerous? Possibly. So I suggest we put a chip in their brain to shut them off if they have murderous thoughts.
Robert Charles Wilson, Spin|The heart never stops even if you stop your breath, Life goes on even if you go through death
Jhumpa Lahiri, Unaccustomed Earth|You realize how much you love someone once that someone is gone…gone forever, and you are filled with regret and sadness.
David Foster Wallace, Both Flesh and Not: Essays|Under fun’s new administration, writing fiction becomes a way to go deep inside yourself and illuminate precisely the stuff you don’t want to see or let anyone else see, and this stuff usually turns out (paradoxically) to be precisely the stuff all writers and readers share and respond to, feel. Fiction becomes a weird way to countenance yourself and to tell the truth instead of being a way to escape yourself or to present yourself in a way you figure you will be maximally likable. This process is complicated and confusing and scary, and also hard work, but it turns out to be the best fun there is.The fact that you can now sustain the fun of writing only by confronting the very same unfun parts of yourself you’d first used writing to avoid or disguise is another paradox, but this one isn’t any kind of bind at all. What it is is a gift, a kind of miracle, and compared to it the reward of strangers’ affection is as dust, lint.
Violet Blue, The Smart Girl's Guide to Privacy|Sexuality is one of the most important ways in which we identify, establish, and maintain our boundaries.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller - Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century|Opinions are the cheapest commodities on earth. Everyone has a flock of opinions ready to be wished upon anyone who will accept them. If you are influenced by "opinions" when you reach DECISIONS, you will not succeed in any undertaking.
Laura Dern|People were fed up with reality shows about midgets getting married and weird Jerry Springer talk shows. There had been a real dry spell of intelligent family-oriented viewing: the type of program that Mom, Dad and the kids can all watch together. With 'Lost,' there are just so many characters for people to invest in.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|Do you really mean to tell me the only reason you try to be good is to gain God's approval and reward, or to avoid his disapproval and punishment? That's not morality, that's just sucking up, apple-polishing, looking over your shoulder at the great surveillance camera in the sky, or the still small wiretap inside your head, monitoring your every move, even your every base though.
Philip K. Dick, A Maze of Death|He saw two stars collapse against one another and a nova form; it flared up and then, as he watched, it began to die out. He saw it turn from a furiously blazing ring into a dim core of dead iron and then he saw it cool into darkness. More stars cooled with it; he saw the force of entropy, the method of the Destroyer of Forms, retract the stars into dull reddish coals and then into dust-like silence. A shroud of thermal energy hung uniformly over the world,over this strange and little world for which he had no love or use.It's dying, he realized. The universe. The thermal haze spread on and on until it became only a disturbance, nothing more; the sky glowed weakly with it and then flickered. Even the uniform thermal disbursement was expiring. How strange and goddamn awful, he thought. He got to his feet, moved a step toward the door.And there, on his feet, he died.They found him an hour later. Seth Morley stood with his wife at the far end of the knot of people jammed into the small room and said to himself, "to keep him from helping with the prayer". "The same force that shut down the transmitter," Ignatz Thugg said. "They knew; they knew if he phrased the prayer it would go through. Even without the relay." He looked gray and frightened. All of them did, Seth Morley noticed. Their faces, in the light of the room, had a leaden, stone-like cast. Like, he thought, thousand-year-old idols.Time, he thought, is shutting down around us. It is as if the future is gone, for all of us.
Gregory Benford|Although I was born to famous parents, I know and feel the problems of ordinary citizens.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|Henry Cabot Lodge was like medicine, good for you, but hard to take. – Teddy White
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|In the long run a medium's content matters less than the medium itself in influencing how we think and act. As our window onto the world, and onto ourselves, a popular medium molds what we see and how we see it-and eventually, if we use it enough, it changes who we are, as individuals and as a society.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|Creationists eagerly seek a gap in present-day knowledge or understanding. If an apparent gap is found, it is assumed that God, by default, must fill it.
J.T. Bock, A Surefire Way|Typical Xochi, leaving out important, death-related details.
Basava|The rich will make temples for Siva. What shall I, a poor man, do? My legs are pillars, the body the shrine, the head the cupola of gold.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever has experienced near-death, knows how gracious, it is to be alive.
Jennifer Lee|From the beginning, the Continental Congress had official chaplains, prayers, and days of fasting and Thanksgiving. When sessions opened in 1774, fear was voiced that the religious diversity of the country would make it hard to choose a form of worship.
Gaston Bachelard, The Poetics of Space|Therefore, the places in which we have experienced daydreaming reconstitute themselves in a new daydream, and it is because our memories of former dwelling-places are relived as day-dreams that these dwelling-places of the past remain in us for all time.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|If you can love someone with your whole heart, even one person, then there's salvation in life. Even if you can't get together with that person.
Douglas Dunn|I intended an Ode, And it turned to a Sonnet.
Ann Coulter|We should invade their countries, kill their leaders and convert them to Christianity. We weren't punctilious about locating and punishing only Hitler and his top officers. We carpet-bombed German cities; we killed civilians. That's war. And this is war.
Mary Hoffman, David|How can you tell when a piece is finished?'I asked.'You can't,' he said flatly. 'All you can tell is when you can't do any more to it. And then you need to stop because if you don't, you will spoil it.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Wicked Intentions|There was a moment of tenderness between them, and for a moment he experienced the most rare, ridiculous emotion- hope.
Günter Grass, The Flounder|For marriage has nothing in common with love. marriage makes for security; love makes only for suffering. On the other hand, love could be so distilled, spun so fine as to implicate third and fourth persons, as to take up three or four exciting acts in a play.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|A good compilation tape, like breaking up, is hard to do. You've got to kick off with a corker, to hold the attention (I started with 'Got To Get You Off My Mind', but then realised that she might not get any further than track one, side one if I delivered what she wanted straight away, so I buried it in the middle of side two), and then you've got to up it a notch, and you can't have white music and black music together, unless the white music sounds like black music, and you can't have two tracks by the same artist side by side, unless you've done the whole thing in pairs, and ... oh there are loads of rules.
Sushil Singh|When you beat a drum, you create NOW, when silence becomes a sound so enormous and alive it feels like you're breathing in the clouds and the sky, and your heart is the rain and the thunder.
Elvia Alvarado, Don't Be Afraid, Gringo|My mother is very religious. She's one of those old ladies that spends her life in the church. She just prays and prays, day and night. We have a very different idea of what religion is. She doesn't understand what my work is about, why I want to make changes in the way we live. She thinks we should be thankful for the little we have and leave well enough alone. I suppose she thinks that if she prays enough, God will come down from the sky with a plate of beans for her to eat.But I don't think that God say, 'Go to church and pray all day and everything will be fine.' No. For me God says, 'Go out and make the changes that need to be made, and I'll be there to help you.' [p. 30]
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|If his forces are united, separate them.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|It was not, after all, so easy to die.
Sloane Crosley|No one ever pretended that shopping for anything is a rational experience. If it were, would there be Fluffernutter? Laceless sneakers? Porkpie hats? Would the Chia Pet even exist?
Lauren Kate, Rapture|I ache to hear her tell me she loves me, but forcing her to put words to how she feels pushes her further into the silence she seems comfortable calling home now. I tell myself to be patient and understanding, but inside there's a longing only those words will fill, and it hurts to ignore it.
Sylvia Plath|I trust if your life is right, the right things will happen at the right time. If the chords are in harmony inside, I think other things will happen in the same way. That sounded highfalutin' to me once, but I believe it now.
Timothy J. Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God|When life is tough or even unbearable and we want to give up, God will send us a partner to help us make the journey - 1 Kings 19 & Luke 1:39 - 56
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|It is important to give, not only to those closer to us, also to our enemies.
Anthony T.Hincks|They always say that the daughter will grow up to look like their mother. So, I asked my girlfriend if I could see her mother naked.Needless to say.It was a very short relationship.
Billy Crystal|Every bit of joy in my heart, you know, every smile on my face is yours. It's awesome to be able to share that with somebody.
Jynnette L. Miller|And that reminds me of another memorable thing Linda once said to me: "There's so much strength in vulnerability. It's the ultimate gift you can give yourself because you allow yourself to open up; to invite someone in.
Ane Krstevska|Child, listen to those people that will tell you it is not possible to listen to those that will tell you that you can’t do it and now listen to yourself and believe, anything you set your mind on is possible.
Royal Cromwell|Joy is what people take,happiness is what you make,pain is something you feel and the more you feed it the more it works.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|I manage a toast to the Christmas treeand one to the sweet absurdityin the miracle of the verb to be.Lucky you, lucky me.
Samanth Subramanian, This Divided Island: Stories from the Sri Lankan War|New York City is a tinderbox. The Sons of the Serpent - a white supremacist group with a twisted history, deep pockets, and long reach - declared it a combat zone. As they have many times before, they're unashamedly ginning bigotry and hatred into violence and bloodshed. But this time, they've gotten smart about it. Instead of parading through the streets in hoods and robes... they've gone undercover. Dozens upon dozens of them, hiding inside the New York justice system so they can control the law. Control the people. And as God is my witness, I will drive them out and strike them down... no matter what the cost.
Cherise Sinclair, Make Me, Sir|Not that you’ll have any fun. I know my safe word, and I intend to use it.
Alexander Shulgin, Pihkal: A Chemical Love Story|What do you think he saw?" Damn--I regret the awed way I phrased that and the hushed voice I used. As if I think acid is a "religious" experience, a visionary thing."Himself," Josh says. "You always see your true self on acid. You just usually see more than you want to see. So it all seems disorted." See what I mean? He's not your normal stoner. The guy should become a poet, a psychologist, a scientist. We pull up near Greg's house and stare at it like it's a damn fortress. "You don't think he needs to go to the hospital?" I ask. "Nope," Josh says. "For a while, I thought maybe, yeah. But he's good now, he's off it, he's not hallucinating anymore." "You're sure?" "Yeah." "'Cuz you can die on LSD-" "That's such anti-drug propaganda bullshit, Dan," Josh interrupts. "Nobody's ever died from an LSD overdose. Ever. As long as you keep people from doing stupid things while they're tripping, it's all good man, man. Why do you think I babysat him?" He reaches into the backseat and punches my shoulder. "LSD isn't your dad's smack. So stop worrying." I scrunch down in the seat. How'd he know about that? "Right. What's the plan?" "I'd ask him if ther was a key hidden under a rock," Josh says, "but he's not gonna be much help. Watch." He pokes Greg in the leg, prods him on the shoulder, grabs his cheeks and smushes them together, the way parents do to a baby, and says, " Ootchi googi Greggy, did ums have a good trippy? Did ums find out itty-bitty singies about oos-self zat oos didn't likeums?"  Yup... Greg was in his own little world...
Robin Wasserman, Shadowhunters and Downworlders: A Mortal Instruments Reader|You see, when you're young and foolish it doesn't matter where you may be, you always think that you'll be happier somewhere else.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies, said Jojen. The man who never reads lives only one.
Madeline Claire Franklin, The Poppet and the Lune|The unreality of the past weeks lifted like a fog, but its residue remained. All of the past is like that, but most especially the parts that are out of the ordinary.
Arthur Hugh Clough|Now they have come to the place where their faith can no longer feed on the bread of repression and violence. They ask for the bread of liberty, of public equality, and public responsibility. It must not be denied them.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|It's normal for us to become unhappy for a while due to how circumstances in life treat us, but it is ungodly for us to be ungrateful for these circumstances that make us unhappy!
Fleur Adcock|There are worse things than having behaved foolishly in public.There are worse things than these miniature betrayals,committed or endured or suspected; there are worse thingsthan not being able to sleep for thinking about them.It is 5 a.m. All the worse things come stalking inand stand icily about the bed looking worse and worse and worse.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|The idea of forgiveness is a journey that requires patience. If the journey of forgiveness is well travelled, there is a chance that we are bound to change in a very helpful way.
Dalai Lama XIV, Sleeping, Dreaming, and Dying: An Exploration of Consciousness|It seems that scientific research reaches deeper and deeper. But it also seems that more and more people, at least scientists, are beginning to realize that the spiritual factor is important. I say 'spiritual' without meaning any particular religion or faith, just simple warmhearted compassion, human affection, and gentleness. It is as if such warmhearted people are a bit more humble, a little bit more content. I consider spiritual values primary, and religion secondary. As I see it, the various religions strengthen these basic human qualities. As a practitioner of Buddhism, my practice of compassion and my practice of Buddhism are actually one and the same. But the practice of compassion does not require religious devotion or religious faith; it can be independent from the practice of religion. Therefore, the ultimate source of happiness for human society very much depends on the human spirit, on spiritual values. If we do not combine science and these basic human values, then scientific knowledge may sometimes create troubles, even disaster....
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If sacrifice is not the theme of my life, there’s no sense telling the story.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|if you cannot get it all right, don't get it all wrong
Jerry Bridges|Put your hand inside the hat, search with your fingers. He is the light wrapped inside the darkness. That’s the wonder of Rabbit. We think he’s not in the hat. But he is.
Natasha Larry, The Day The World Went Orange|Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better. Don't wish for fewer problems, wish for more skills. Don't wish for less challenges, wish for more wisdom.
Eniitan Akinola|A sound idea is a form of energy. It can not be destroyed. It evolves from inspiration, to a function of preparation, then determination - till the ideator's dream becomes actualized in real lifeAt the very least, success is a second iteration of the original, unscripted IdeaSo your idea refinement process needs to be test-drivenTestDetermine on time if investment in terms of effort and time is worth itWork SmartFail early, fail often,Success lies on the paths yet to be treaded,Open your mind,Think Disruption,Be FlexibleBe AGILEI think this is an idea worth sharing
C. JoyBell C.|I study Astronomy because it is the loftiest form of science available. It is the highest possible reaches that we can go to with knowledge and understanding. Every day, we get to look into infinity, into the everlasting, into time, space, space-time and into both the past and the future. Every day, we redefine what exists; we dance on the borders of reality and the unreal. I hardly even dare say the word, “unreal.” We have yet to prove that word.
Sieglinde De Francesca|The child experiences the world through wonderment with amazement, awe & curiosity.It is amazement that captivates the child, awe that opensthe child, & curiosity that draws the child further into an ever fascinating world.​Wonderment is the first step to learning. ​Wonder-filled education inspires creative thinking, ​engages the heart & enlivens the spirit.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|if people were always kind and obedient to those who are cruel and injust, the wicked people would have it all their own way: they will never be afraid, and so they would never alter, but would grow worse and worse. When we are struck at without a reason we should strike back again very hard; I am sure we should- so hard as to teach the person who struck us never to do it again
Martin Chalfie|What are the symbols of American strength, wealth, power and modernity? Certainly not jazz and rock and roll, not chewing-gum or hamburgers, Broadway or Hollywood. It's their skyscrapers. Their Pentagon. Their science. Their technology.
Hassan Nasrallah|Anyone who is portraying Israel as a friend is a servant of Israel.I warn some sides against turning enemies into friends and friends into enemies.Some in the Arab world try to present "Israel" as a friend and Iran as a foe.Yet such conspiracies will fail. "Israel" has not been helping because of its hostile and aggressive nature. The Arab world is realising day after day that Iran is a friend, which was highlighted in Iran's support to Gaza and Lebanon.
Pierre-Louis Moreau De Maupertuis|...a large segment of our population appears to have moved, in its cultural beliefs, to the use of an "ideal" measuring implement, based particularly on the individual's self-assessment of what "one's life should be like," e.g., essentially symptom free. This has moved us radically away from the reality of the human condition in which most of us have some nagging physical and mental symptoms for much of our lives. If one looks at history, developing countries, the poor, or soldiers (engaged in a highly stressful, physically and psychologically demanding and always potentially dangerous profession), this reality is clear. One recognizes that such culturally espoused ideal states of health are at best illusory. Life is filled with traumas, fears, apprehensions, hunger, aches, pains, illnesses, failures, unfulfilling work, and memories of pain. It is balanced by moments of happiness and pleasure, memories of positive events, doing one's duty, and enduring. The evolutionary history of our species is one in which those individuals who have survived to continue the human line have done so in the face of extreme violence, hunger, drought, flood, diseases, and war.
Pietro Aretino|I'm single, footloose and fancy free, I have no responsibilities, no anchors. Work, friendship and self-improvement, that's me.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|To a great mind, nothing is little.
J.M. Darhower, Reignite|If Luce had to rank the worst moments of his existence, Abaddon's betrayal would be up there with the day he was cast into the pit by his own brother.Neither came close to the sting of losing Serah, though.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The sure path to tomorrow was plotted in a manger and paved on a cross. And although this sturdy byway is mine for the taking, I have incessantly chosen lesser paths. And maybe it is time to realize that Christmas is a promise that I can walk through the world and never get lost in the woods.
Anthony de Mello S.J.|I have wandered freely in mystical traditions that are not religious and have been profoundly influenced by them. It is my church, however, that I keep returning, for she is my spiritual home.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|My mother always said that I was born out of a bottle of vinegar instead of born from a womb and that she and my father bathed me in sugar for three days to wash it off. I try to behave, but I always go back to the vinegar.
Gabriel García Márquez|Here's a secret," I said. "There's a difference between being dead and dying. We're all dying. Some of us die for ninety years, and some of us die for nineteen. But each morning everyone on this planet wakes up one day closer to their death. Everyone. So living and dying are actually different words for the same thing, if you think about it.
George Vecsey|Sena under the leadership of Uddhav Thackeray has failed. It is a party on the decline, and that decline started the day Maharashtra Navnirman Sena was formed.
Dylan Thomas|We shall enjoy itAs for him who findsfault, may sillinessand sorrow take him!
Arnold Schwarzenegger|I'm 23 years old. I might just be my mother's child, but in all reality, I'm everybody's child. Nobody raised me; I was raised in this society.
Eddie Adams|For the photograph's immobility is somehow the result of a perverse confusion between two concepts: the Real and the Live: by attesting that the object has been real, the photograph surreptitiously induces belief that it is alive, because of that delusion which makes us attribute to Reality an absolute superior, somehow eternal value; but by shifting this reality to the past ('this-has-been'), the photograph suggests that it is already dead.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Sorry” we all say “Sorry” for the wrong things we say and do. But do we always think about the people we love dearly who we say hurtful things to? I don’t think so because if we had think about it sorry wouldn't have become such a popular word today. Sometimes we say so much and act immature as adult. We didn't take the time to realize how much hurt and pain we put that individual in we never took the time to think of the reaction, the feelings and the consequence that we might have to face if what we do turns out to be a matter of life and death.!!!
Clive Sinclair|I have for some time urged that a nuclear abolition summit to mark the effective end of the nuclear era be convened in Hiroshima and Nagasaki on the 70th anniversary of the bombings of those cities, with the participation of national leaders and representatives of global civil society.
Elisabeth Elliot, Shadow of the Almighty: The Life and Testament of Jim Elliot|A human is useless & nothing without good deeds and kindness same as a beautiful red rose is nothing & useless without fragrance.…Living without a good purpose is also same as a paper flower…!People say We will not live forever, but i say our purpose of life and deeds will decide for how much time we will live…! And it can be forever, forever………!
John Green, Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances|There is always the risk: something is good and good and good and good, and then all at once it gets awkward. All at once, she sees you looking at her, and then she doesn't want to joke around with you anymore, because she doesn't want to seem flirty, because she doesn't want you to think she likes you. It’s such a disaster, whenever, in the course of human relationships, someone begins to chisel away at the wall of separation between friendship and kissing. Breaking down that wall is the kind of story that might have a happy middle— oh, look, we broke down this wall, I’m going to look at you like a girl and you’re going to look at me like a boy and we’re going to play a fun game called Can I Put My Hand There What About There What About There. And sometimes that happy middle looks so great that you can convince yourself that it’s not the middle but will last forever.
William Shakespeare|From women's eyes this doctrine I derive:They are the ground, the books, the academes,From whence doth spring the true Promethean fire.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|I've found peace here at the co-op. You could stay with us, if you want. Become a ROFLcopter.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Let the light of your love enlighten the whole world and fill it with joy, happiness, and peace.
H. P. Lovecraft|Traditional science assumes, for the most part, that an objective observer independent reality exists; the universe, stars, galaxies, sun, moon and earth would still be there if no one was looking.
Woody Allen|Love is the answer, but while you are waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions.
Virginia Alison|Surprises are one of the secrets of a good relationship. Find someone who, out of the blue, will grab you, and a blanket, take you to a secluded spot and canoodle as the sun rises...
Amadeus, The Truth Is Out There Brendan & Erc in Exile Volume 1|Like some translucen latterday Cassandra, the prophetess of doom, (Heila the Comptesse von Westarp, the former secretary of the Thule Gesellschaff) rose up from the bosom of the limp and slumbering medium (Dr. Nemirovitch-Dantchanko) to give a warning that the man who was even now preparing to assume the leadership of Thule would prove himself to be a false prophet. Assuming total power over the nation, he would be responsible one day for reducing the whole of Germany to rubble and its people to a defeat and moreal degradation hitherto unknown to history.
Carla Lynn Stockton, Cliffs Notes on Shakespeare's Hamlet|Words are Hamlet's constant companions, his weapons, and his defenses. ...And yet, words also serve as Hamlet's prison. He analyzes and examines every nuance of his situation until he has exhausted every angle. They cause him to be indecisive. He dallies in his own wit, intoxicated by the mix of words he can concoct; he frustrates his own burning desire to be more like his father, the Hyperion. When he says that Claudius is "... no more like my father than I to Hercules" he recognizes his enslavement to words, his inability to thrust home his sword of truth. No mythic character is Hamlet. He is stuck, unable to avenge his father's death because words control him.
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual|Keep up your faith to go high and fly, even after so many pains and sorrow. You can turn from a caterpillar to a butterfly. Life gives you a second change: a call to grow.
Ovid, Metamorphoses|Happy is the man who has broken the chains which hurt the mind, and has given up worrying once and for all.”"Be patient and tough; one day this pain will be useful to you.
Michael  Grant, Light|It has taken almost half my life away from Ireland for me to truly feel what home really is, and it is not what I was expecting. In the end it was not a place, or a past, or any sort of single, dazzling epiphany. It was all the little things. Cold butter spread thick on sweet wheaten bread or hot, subsiding potatoes; the scent of wet, black soil; a bushy spine of grass on a one-track road; wide iron gates leading to high beech corridors; the chalky smell of a cow's wet muzzle, and, most of all, in Seamus Heaney's words, the sound of rivers in the trees.
Nathan Deal|The two things that could have been better is number one, to get major military force into the community almost immediately to make sure that there was law and order. Number two, we had enough helicopters to airlift food into the centers of population and those places.
Richie Norton|If you think it's funny to make fun of the "used car salesman," you better only buy new and never sell your car. Just sayin.
Kent Haruf|One can't relive one's life. Forgiveness is not what's difficult; one's always too ready to forgive. And it does no good, that's obvious.
Lionel Messi|Risk is a part of God's game, alike for men and nations.
Regena Thomashauer, Mama Gena's School of Womanly Arts: Using the Power of Pleasure to Have Your Way with the World|If Froi understood anything, it was that in this world one's worth came from others.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|The executive possesses means of distracting Parliament from its proper function; it seduces members by the offer of places and pensions, by retaining them to follow ministers and ministers' rivals, by persuading them to support measures —whereby the activities of administration grow beyond Parliament's control. These means of subversion are known are known collectively as corruption, and if ever Parliament or those who elect them—for corruption may occur at this point too—should be wholly corrupt, then there will be an end of independence and liberty.
Epictetus, Of Human Freedom|I have been reading three books Dean lent me this week. One was like a rose garden--very pleasant, but just a little too sweet. And one was like a pine wood on a mountain--full of balsam and tang--I loved it, and yet it filled me with a sort of despair. It was written so beautifully--I can never write like that, I feel sure. And one--it was just like a pig-sty. Dean gave me that one by mistake.
Dennis Prager|There is no clear place to draw the line once you eliminate the traditional marriage, and it's the same once you start putting limits on what guns can be used, then it's just really easy to have laws that make them all illegal.
Perry Moore, Hero|I saw Dad's eyes widen just a fraction when he heard my voice catch. He glanced at me but quickly turned away. He didn't want me to see his reaction, but I did, and I'll never forget it. In that brief glimpse, I could see what he was thinking behind that fixed stare. There would be no grandkids, there would be no more Creed family bloodline, nothing else to look forward to. From that point on I'd become the last, most devastating disappointment in what he thought his life had added up to--one overwhelming failure.
Richard Bach|No matter how qualified or deserving we are, we will never reach a better life until we can imagine it for ourselves and allow ourselves to have it.
Famke Janssen|I've had broken bones and cuts and dashes and tears from movies, but when I was five, my mom put the biscuits up high so we wouldn't be helping ourselves. So, one day I asked to stand up on a chair to get a biscuit, and it fell, and the corner of the chair went right into the side of my eye, and it made a big hole in there.
Viggo Mortensen|Cute is when a person's personality shines through their looks. Like in the way they walk, every time you see them you just want to run up and hug them.
Sarah Ockler, The Book of Broken Hearts|They say you can never step into the same river twice. And maybe that's how it was for Papi now, memories shifting and re-forming soundlessly beneath him while the rest of us sat on the shore and watched.
Shay Leigh, Sinless Within|so quiet now my dearest knightyour armor shines white stillfor my lips shall not say the wordsthat make you flee with fear"White Knight
Morrissey, Autobiography|Now comes the hour to choose between being acceptable to others or being acceptable to one's own self, for we must kill our true selves off in order to survive.
Louise Rennison, On the Bright Side, I'm Now the Girlfriend of a Sex God|Fortunately (or unfortunately, depending on where you were sitting) Libby let off the smelliest, loudest fart known to humanity. It came out of her bum-oley with such force that she lifted off my knee - like a hovercraft. Even she looked surprised by what had come out of her.
Peter Cameron, Someday This Pain Will Be Useful to You|I don't think I could ever work in such a blatantly hierarchical corporate setting. I know that everyone in this world is not equal, but I can't bear environments that make this truth so obvious.
William Matthews|From a night of more sleep than she had expected, Marianne awoke the next morning to the same consciousness of misery in which she had closed her eyes.
Bill Maris|By 2029, computers will have emotional intelligence and be convincing as people.
Debbie Novotny|A word of advice, my sweet Emmett - mourn the losses because they are many. But celebrate the victories because they are few.
Nick Hornby|To live is learn, and to learn is to live. Live. Learn.
Tom Kane, The Writing on the Wall|The people faded away, the arches, the vaulted roof vanished. I raised my seared eyes to the fathomless glare; and I saw the black stars hanging in the heavens: and the wet winds from the Lake of Hali chilled my face.("In The Court of the Dragon")
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|Every joy that life gives must be earned ere it be secured; and how hardly earned, those only know who have wrestled for great prizes. The heart’s blood must gem with red beads the brow of the combatant, before the wreath of victory rustles over it.
Sunday Adelaja|It is reasonable to think that if you spend your days indoors under artificial lights, staring at a screen, sitting in computer electromagnetic interference (EMI) fields and exposed to radio waves, that you may eventually develop a strange form of radiation sickness.
Anna Godbersen, The Luxe|If we could only have this life for one more day. If we could only turn back time. You know I'll be your life, your voice, your reason to be. My love, my heart is breathing for this moment in time. I'll find the words to say before you leave me today.
Andrew Shue|The Ego is partly free. partly determined, and reaches fuller freedom by approaching the Individual who is most free: God.
Peter Rollins, The Idolatry of God: Breaking Our Addiction to Certainty and Satisfaction|There is a deep sense in which we are all ghost towns. We are all haunted by the memory of those we love, those with whom we feel we have unfinished business. While they may no longer be with us, a faint aroma of their presence remains, a presence that haunts us until we make our peace with them and let them go. The problem, however, is that we tend to spend a great deal of energy in attempting to avoid the truth. We construct an image of ourselves that seeks to shield us from a confrontation with our ghosts. Hence we often encounter them only late at night, in the corridors of our dreams.
Thisuri Wanniarachchi, COLOMBO STREETS|Parents need to realize that the world is getting complicated every second. With new problems, new diseases, new habits. They have to realize the vast probability of their kids being victims of this age, this complicated era. Your kids could be exposed to problems that no kind of therapy can help. Your kids could be brainwashed by themselves to believe in insane theories that drive them crazy. Most kids will go through this stage. The lucky ones will understand. They will grow out of them. The most unlucky ones will live in these problems. Grow in them and never move forward. They will cut themselves, overdose on drugs, take up excessive drinking and smoking, for the slightest problems in their lives. You can't blame these kids for not being thankful or satisfied with what they have. Their mentality eludes them from the reality.
Kate Wicker, Weightless: Making Peace with Your Body|Hope is such a tenuous quality. To feel it and then to be denied what one most longs for ... Better, surely, not to hope at all, than to open the heart to a hope that is impossible.
S.L. Whyte, Stelladaur: Finding Tir Na Nog|Thinking he knows can be a trap. An ex-professor once told him he had a diamond-hard intellect and he’d been flattered at the time. Now he considers the nature of diamonds. Although sharp and glittering and useful for cutting glass, they shine with reflected light only. They’re no use at all in the dark
Veronica Roth, Divergent|The sound is clear and strong as a bell, and it fills me with joy, and it's like, for the first time in my life, I understand that this is the point of laughter, to spread happiness.
Munia Khan|I want to be a transitory fallen, lifted up by virtues every time.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The years teach us much, which the days never knew.
Laura Kreitzer, Abyss|Underwater, bubbles erupted before my eyes as a swift hand snatched my arm and pulled me to the surface. I gasped for air, coughing and gagging at the amount of water I sucked into my lungs by pure shock. What was up with me and breathing in water? I needed to grow some gills or something.
Russ Harris, ACT with Love: Stop Struggling, Reconcile Differences, and Strengthen Your Relationship with Acceptance and Commitment Therapy|this very act of consenting to its loss of control is itself the critical event of all crisis. To give up ones stature as the director of ones own existance: this is, for us, the ultimate death, the crisis that undermines our being in the most radical way.
Greg Behrendt, He's Just Not That Into You: The No-Excuses Truth to Understanding Guys|He doesn’t have to love your CD collection. He doesn’t have to love your shoes. But any good, mature guy better make an attempt to love your friends and family—especially when they’re great.
Charles Martin, Chasing Fireflies: A Novel of Discovery|Even though human life may be the most precious thing on earth, we always behave as if there were something of higher value than human life.
Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss|Once on a yellow piece of paper with green lines	he wrote a poemAnd he called it "Chops"	because that was the name of his dogAnd that's what it was all aboutAnd his teacher gave him an A	and a gold starAnd his mother hung it on the kitchen door	and read it to his auntsThat was the year Father Tracy	took all the kids to the zooAnd he let them sing on the busAnd his little sister was born	with tiny toenails and no hairAnd his mother and father kissed a lotAnd the girl around the corner sent him aValentine signed with a row of X's	and he had to ask his father what the X's meantAnd his father always tucked him in bed at nightAnd was always there to do itOnce on a piece of white paper with blue lines	he wrote a poemAnd he called it "Autumn"	because that was the name of the seasonAnd that's what it was all aboutAnd his teacher gave him an A	and asked him to write more clearlyAnd his mother never hung it on the kitchen door	because of its new paintAnd the kids told him	that Father Tracy smoked cigarsAnd left butts on the pewsAnd sometimes they would burn holesThat was the year his sister got glasses	with thick lenses and black framesAnd the girl around the corner laughed	when he asked her to go see Santa ClausAnd the kids told him why	his mother and father kissed a lotAnd his father never tucked him in bed at nightAnd his father got mad	when he cried for him to do it.Once on a paper torn from his notebook	he wrote a poemAnd he called it "Innocence: A Question"	because that was the question about his girlAnd that's what it was all aboutAnd his professor gave him an A	and a strange steady lookAnd his mother never hung it on the kitchen door	because he never showed herThat was the year that Father Tracy diedAnd he forgot how the end	of the Apostle's Creed wentAnd he caught his sister	making out on the back porchAnd his mother and father never kissed	or even talkedAnd the girl around the corner	wore too much makeupThat made him cough when he kissed her	but he kissed her anyway	because that was the thing to doAnd at three a.m. he tucked himself into bed	his father snoring soundlyThat's why on the back of a brown paper bag	he tried another poemAnd he called it "Absolutely Nothing"Because that's what it was really all aboutAnd he gave himself an A	and a slash on each damned wristAnd he hung it on the bathroom door	because this time he didn't think	he could reach the kitchen.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|After all, when a stone is dropped into a pond, the water continues quivering even after the stone has sunk to the bottom.
Duncan Jones|In high drama or high tragedy or anything, it's not really human unless there's some humor at the same time. And vice versa. So I guess I tend to gravitate towards projects which tread a dodgy tightrope between two things, which aren't really one or another.
Stephen Colbert|Senator John Kyle claiming that over 90 percent of what Planned Parenthood does is abortion.Stephen Colbert: Over 90 percent, that is unbelievable...in that it is not true. Only 3 percent of what Planned Parenthood does is abortion. Kyle just rounded it up to the nearest 90.
Emma Raveling, Crest|I'd spent my life searching for something I couldn't name.And as I drowned in the torrential flow of conflicting desires, caught in the relentless roar of water, earth, blood, and war, I reached out - wildly, desperately - and found it with him.
Isabel Allende, Paula|Silence before being born, silence after death: life is nothing but noise between two unfathomable silences.
Truman Capote|all his prayers of the past had been simple concrete requests: God, give me a bicycle, a knife with seven blades, a box of oil paints. Only how, how, could you say something so indefinite, so meaningless as this: God, let me be loved.
Edgar Degas|In art, the hand can never execute anything higher than the heart can imagine.
Walt Stack|If you're on the treadmill next to me, the answer is YES, we are racing.
C. JoyBell C.|If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him/her. Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart; if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate.
Søren Kierkegaard|If I could forget you! Is my love then a work of memory? Even if time expunged everything from its tablets, expunged even memory itself, my relation to you would stay just as alive, you would still not be forgotten. If I could forget you! What then should I remember? For after all, I have forgotten myself in order to remember you: so if I forgot you I would come to remember myself; but the moment I remembered myself I would have to remember you again. If I could forget you! What would happen then? There is a picture from antiquity. It depicts Ariadne. She is leaping up from her couch and gazing anxiously after a ship that is hurrying away under full sail. By her side stands Cupid with unstrung bow and drying his eyes. Behind her stands a winged female figure in a helmet. It is usually assumed this is Nemesis. Imagine this picture, imagine it changed a little. Cupid is not weeping and his bow is not unstrung; or would you have become less beautiful, less victorious, if I had become mad? Cupid smiles and bends his bow. Nemesis does not stand inactive by your side; she too draws her bow. In that other picture we see a male figure on the ship, busily occupied. It is assumed it is Theseus. Not so in my picture. He stands on the stern, he looks back longingly, spreads his arms. He has repented, or rather, his madness has left him, but the ship carries him away. Cupid and Nemesis both aim at him, an arrow flies from each bow; their aim is true; one sees that, one understands, they have both hit the same place in his heart, a sign that his love was the Nemesis that wrought vengeance." ―Johannes de Silentio, from_Either/Or: A Fragment of Life_
Joanna Penn|When you feel that creeping self-doubt, acknowledge it. Write down your feelings in your journal in your journal... and then continue with your writing.
Gugu Mona|We need to consciously remember that we have an unprecedented responsibility to protect the planet, because without it we have nowhere else to live.
Dean Cavanagh|If you want a vision of the future, imagine someone watching a boot stamping on a human face - forever...and ‘liking’ it.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You’re my master. And I am only here to serve you. That’s what I understand. And to be honest, I don’t think there’s anything else to know.
Marcelle Hinkson|If you can lead yourself when nobody is following, people will follow when you are not leading
Henna Inam, Wired for Authenticity: Seven Practices to Inspire, Adapt, & Lead|To be effortlessly yourself is a blessing, an ambrosia. It is like a few tiny little puffs of opium which lift you ever so slightly off the hard surface of the world.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Thorns|Memories are dangerous things. You turn them over and over, until you know every touch and corner, but still you'll find an edge to cut you.
Tom Brokaw|For me, peace should provide security to the Jewish people.
Debasish Mridha|If you have to fall in love, fall in love with the magnificent beauty of a sunset. That love will beautify yourself and your world.
Dolores O'Riordan|That was how we spoke, my mother and I: in puns and games and rhymes. In, you might say, lyrics. This was our tragedy. We were language's magpies by nature, stealing whatever sounded bright and shiny. We were tinpan alleycats, but the gift of music had been withheld. We could not sing along, though we always knew the words. Still, defiantly, we roared our tuneless roars, we fell off the high notes and were trampled by the low ones. And if bitter ices were the consequence, well, there were worse fates in the world than that.
Stevie Nicks|The man that hath no music in himself, Nor is not moved with concord of sweet sounds, is fit for treasons, stratagems and spoils.
Lailah Gifty Akita|O God, please give us grace to do the good we must do.
Paolo Giordano, The Solitude of Prime Numbers|Don't complain or blame to others, you are the one who selected wrong person,now get up ,wipe your tears and correct your statistics and now make a wiser choice. Learn to judge people, learn from your master(god,parents,teacher,best friend).
Jonathan Ball, Ex Machina|My sincere thanks to friends and family, especially my mother, father, brother, and Mandy, who continue to love and support me despite my obsessions.
Rob Lowe|My father was an engineer and my mother was a social worker, and they met as young socialists. That probably tells you everything you need to know about my attitude to money - I've never really been bothered about it.
Amanda Penland|God's Word will never pass away, but looking back to the Old Testament and since the time of Christ, with tears we must say that because of lack of fortitude and faithfulness on the part of God's people, God's Word has many times been allowed to be bent, to conform to the surrounding, passing, changing culture of that moment rather than to stand as the inerrant Word of God judging the form of the world spirit and the surrounding culture of that moment.
Joanna Shupe, The Lady Hellion|We had been separated by time and distance and events so long, it was as if we had to get to know each other again, but if it was possible to fall in love with the same person twice, I did.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you kiss her cheeks, she is your friend; if you kiss her lips, she is your lover; if you kiss her heart, she is your soul mate.
Megan Squires, Love Like Crazy|We're the summation of our histories, so if this guy is truly falling in love with you, he's falling for your past as much as he's falling for your present.
Gretchen Reynolds, The First 20 Minutes: The Surprising Science of How We Can Exercise Better, Train Smarter and Live Longer|If you move enough, your muscles change and grow. So does your mind. The brain initiates movement. But it is, in its turn, remade by movement. New cells are born; new vessels sprout. The same process operates body-­wide. No cell in your body is unaffected by motion. Your very DNA is changed.
Robert  Edeson|The proposition that primitive dream imagery might reproduce, albeit imperfectly, the experience of one's ancestors, including their terrors, was rather too existentially charged for post-modern sensitivities, for which the meaningless hypothesis of memory de-junking was much more appealing. Even worse, the notion that one's own ideation, one's own monsters, or indeed oneself as a monster, might be transmitted forward to future generations threatened deeply assumptions about the privacy of the mind and an individual's discretionary power of inviolable concealment over unedifying thoughts.
Gustavo Arellano, Ask a Mexican|I would argue that a truly developed country would be beyond Presidents and Kings. In a world with some semblance of equality, each liberal-minded woman, each gay person, and indeed almost every person could be their own President. In a world of equals, what real service does a ruler provide?
Shannon L. Alder|When I was a child, an angel came to say,A true friend is coming my warrior to sweep you away,It won’t be easy the path because it leads through hell,But if you’re faithful, it will be the greatest story to tell,You will move God’s daughters to a place of hope,Your story will teach everyone there is nothing they can’t cope,You will suffer a lot, but not one tear will you waste,Because for all that you do for me, you will be graced,For I am bringing you someone that wants to travel your trail,Someone you already met when you passed through heaven’s veil,A warrior, a friend that whispers your heart’s song,Someone that will run with you and pull your spirit along,Don’t you see the timing was love's fated throw,Because I put you both there to help one another grow,I am the writer of all great stories your chapters were written by me,You suffered, you cried because I needed you to see,That your faith in my ending goes far beyond two,It was going to change more hearts than both of you knew,So hush my child and wait for my loving hand,The last chapter is not written and still in the sand,It is up to you to finish, before the tide washes it away,All that is in your heart, I’ve put there for you to say,This is not about winning, loss or pain,I made you the way you are because true love stories are insane,I wrote you in heaven as I sat on its sandy shore,You know with all of my heart I loved you both more,There is no better ending two people seeing each other's heart,Together your spirits will never drift apart,Because two kindred spirits is what I made you to be,The waves and beach crashing together because of-- ME.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|We considered behaving, but it's against our nature.
Mathias Malzieu, La Mécanique du cœur|When you focus on someone's disability you'll overlook their abilities, beauty and uniqueness. Once you learn to accept and love them for who they are, you subconsciously learn to love yourself unconditionally.
D.J. MacHale|I love you Mark..." Courtney, PoR.I love you too Courtney..." Mark, PoR.
Samuel Adams|The liberties of our country, the freedoms of our civil Constitution are worth defending at all hazards; it is our duty to defend them against all attacks. We have received them as a fair inheritance from our worthy ancestors. They purchased them for us with toil and danger and expense of treasure and blood. It will bring a mark of everlasting infamy on the present generation – enlightened as it is – if we should suffer them to be wrested from us by violence without a struggle, or to be cheated out of them by the artifices of designing men.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|If he does go, the change will be doleful. Suppose he should be absent spring, summer, and autumn: how joyless sunshine and fine days will seem!
Ashley Capes, Never: Prequel to The Amber Isle|Julesa: "Are you a fool? Father will have you hung if he realises you've escaped."Never: "Everyone dies from something.
Preston Bradley|I've never met a person, I don't care what his condition, in whom I could not see possibilities. I don't care how much a man may consider himself a failure. I believe in him, for he can change the thing that is wrong in his life any time he is ready and prepared to do it. Whenever he develops the desire he can take away from his life the thing that is defeating it. The capacity for reformation and change lies within.
Gloria Macapagal Arroyo|There is often, in the affairs of government, more efficiency and wisdom in non-action than in action.
Ruta Sepetys, Salt to the Sea|Every nation has hidden history, countless stories preserved only by those who experienced them. Stories of war are often read and discussed worldwide by readers whose nations stood on opposite sides during battle. History divided us, but through reading we can be united in story, study, and remembrance. Books join us together as a global reading community, but more important, a global human community striving to learn from the past.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|Wyatt told me once that if tenderness were a disease, I’d be terminal.
Gavin G. Smith, A Quantum Mythology|The dragon marking rested, his fangs concealed and his eyes shut.	"Your dragon is pleased," she said.	"Indeed, he is.
Richelle Mead, The Golden Lily|Why on earth would you buy a car like this if you can't drive a stick? There are dozens of cars--new cars--that have automatic transmission. It'd be a million times easier." Adrian shrugged. "I like the color. It matches my living room.
Joseph Wood Krutch|Cats are rather delicate creatures and they are a subject to a good many different ailments, but I have never heard of one who has suffered from insomnia.
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|Push yourself to the brink of exhaustion into the crossroads of excitement and anxiety. Embrace the risks taken, and never acknowledge the shadows of doubt that stretch across your path. It is only there where you will discover a personal success that exceeds the pictures painted in your dreams
W. Somerset Maugham|It gives him spiritual freedom. To him life is a tragedy and by his gift of creation he enjoys the catharsis a purging of pity and terror, Which Aristotle tells is the object of art. Everything is transformed by his power into material and by writing it he can overcome it. Everything is grist to his mill. ... The artist is the only free man.
Robert Morgan|I really liked 'Blk Girl Art.' It's like a manifesto saying why I create, whether it's poetry or music.
Lorri Faye|You already have wings, you just have to trust that you can fly.
Daniel Abraham, The Dragon's Path|The notion of sitting down and conjuring up, not only words in which to clothe thoughts but thoughts worthy of being clothed--the whole thing was absurdly beyond his desires.
John Caudwell|I feel like if we can use the combination of basically data-driven hunches and bet on really first-class talent to deliver the shows, that I think we could do as well as the networks do, who basically have a 75 to 80 percent failure rate for new shows anyway - even after all that development and pilot work.
Strider Marcus Jones|Space and silence are two aspects of the same thing. The same no-thing. They are externalization of inner space and inner silence, which is stillness: the infinitely creative womb of all existence.
Isabel  Lopez, Isabel's Hand-Me-Down Dreams|He went on for some time while I sat listening in silence because I knew he was right, and like two people who have loved each other however imperfectly, who have tried to make a life together, however imperfectly, who have lived side by side and watched the wrinkles slowly form at the corner of the other's eyes, and watched a little drop of gray, as if poured from a jug, drop into the other's skin and spread itself evenly, listening to the other's coughs and sneezes and little collected mumblings, like two people who'd had one idea together and slowly allowed that idea to be replaced with two separate, less hopeful, less ambitious ideas, we spoke deep into the night, and the next day, and the next night. For forty days and forty nights, I want to say, but the fact of the matter is it only took three. One of us had loved the other more perfectly, had watched the other more closely, and one of us listened and the other hadn't, and one of us held on to the ambition of the one idea far longer than was reasonable, whereas the other, passing a garbage can one night, had casually thrown it away.
ELW-Reta Barnes|The closer you get to know someone, the more you see their true colors.
M.L. Stedman, The Light Between Oceans|If the war had taught her anything, it was to take nothing for granted: that it wasn’t safe to put off what mattered. Life could snatch away the things you treasured, and there was no getting them back.
Gayle Forman|Our love is an adventurous melody, our souls forever as one.
Mary Sage Nguyen|If you can't be an author, be a book
Aditya Bhaskara|If words are not music, they have failed your song.
Daniel Webster|I have no respect for the passion of equality, which seems to me merely idealizing envy.
Alan Cumming|We both lacked the same thing in our childhoods - the love of a father... We both sought to fill that lack in our adult lives with family and love, as everyone does, but also with thrills and sometimes periods of recklessness. Luckily, I have always come back from my recklessness. Tommy Darling did not.
Brian Klemmer, The Compassionate Samurai: Being Extraordinary in an Ordinary World|I would never want to reach out someday with a soft, uncallused hand-a hand never dirtied by serving-and shake the nail-pierced hand of Jesus.
Yuvraj Singh|Whenever the strength of God is not recognized as the source of our strength, we are breaking the First Commandment: Do not have any gods before me.
Edward Carpenter, The Intermediate Sex: A Study of Some Transitional Types of Men and Women|In the case of Michel Angelo we have an artist who with brush and chisel portrayed literally thousands of human forms; but with this peculiarity, that while scores and scores of his male figures are obviously suffused and inspired by a romantic sentiment, there is hardly one of his female figures that is so,—the latter being mostly representative of woman in her part as mother, or sufferer, or prophetess or poetess, or in old age, or in any aspect of strength or tenderness, except that which associates itself especially with romantic love. Yet the cleanliness and dignity of Michel Angelo's male figures are incontestable, and bear striking witness to that nobility of the sentiment in him, which we have already seen illustrated in his sonnets.
Mark     Thomas, 100 Acts of Minor Dissent|An Act of Dissent is simply a way of saying, 'No, I do not accept this and, as my silence may be construed as acquiescence, I would like to make a small gesture to indicate that you can all go fuck yourselves.
Sunday Adelaja|When we preach gospel of miracles instead of gospel of the kingdom, we are subverting gospel of the kingdom.
Lewis Carroll|Do you mean that you think you can find out the answer to it?" said the March Hare."Exactly so," said Alice."Then you should say what you mean," the March Hare went on."I do," Alice hastily replied; "at least--at least I mean what I say--that's the same thing, you know.""You might just as well say," added the Dormouse, which seemed to be talking in its sleep, "that 'I breathewhen I sleep' is the same thing as 'I sleep when I breathe!
Ruta Sepetys, Salt to the Sea|We cannot be too cautious, Hannelore. Just because someone knocks on the door doesn't mean you have to open it. Sometimes, sweet girl, there are wolves at the door. If we are not careful, they might eat us.
Ernest Vincent Wright, Gadsby|Oh, how an animal that is hurt looks up at you, John! An animal’s actions can inform you if it is in pain. It don’t hop and jump around as usual. No. You find a sad, crouching, cringing, small bunch of fur or hair, whining, and plainly asking you to aid it. It isn't hard to find out what is wrong, John; any man or woman who would pass by such a sight, just isn't worth knowing. I just can’t withstand it! Why, I think that not only animals, but plants can know pain. I carry a drink to many a poor, thirsty growing thing; or, if it is torn up I put it kindly back, and fix its soil up as comfortably as I can. Anything that is living, John, is worthy of Man’s aid.
Patricia Vanasse, Against All Odds|It’s all inside of you—what you want, who you are, and who you want to be. Just give it time.” He pulls away and helps me to my feet. “Nobody makes you, you. You make yourself.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever calls on the Savior, shall be saved.
sandeep kumar mishra|By the will art thou lost, by the will art thou found, by the will art thou free, captive, and bound.
Hanna Rosin|Love, the quest; marriage, the conquest; divorce, the inquest.
E.H. Majaw|If you have the courage to love, then you should have the courage to suffer, too.
Anna de Noailles, L'Offrande|Consider in his spiritual martyr this being who lies with closed eyes, dislocated like the victim of a brutal accident who no longer requires care or rescue. Count the stabbing wounds of the hideous disappointment in the human imagination. Auscultate this pensive desert where alternate the rale and the silence. Feel pity for the grief that calls not only for death, but for a disgracied death, and receive, o World, this weight of trampled dream in the paradise with no conscience of your vain eternity !
J.A. Konrath, Cherry Bomb|Fate is a future you didn't try hard enough ti change. If you want things to go your way, being smart and being strong are helpful, but you still have to work your ass off.
John Ruskin, Unto This Last and Other Writings|Nearly all our associations are determined by chance or necessity; and restricted within a narrow circle. We cannot know whom we would; and those whom we know, we cannot have at our side when we most need them. All the higher circles of human intelligence are, to those beneath, only momentarily and partially open... there is a society continually open to us, of people who will talk to us as long as we like, whatever our rank or occupation; — talk to us in the best words they can choose, and of the things nearest their hearts. And this society, because it is so numerous and so gentle, and can be kept waiting around us all day long, — kings and statesmen lingering patiently, not to grant audience, but to gain it! — in those plainly furnished and narrow ante-rooms, our bookcase shelves, — we make no account of that company, — perhaps never listen to a word they would say, all day long!
Debasish Mridha|We are born to be loved, we live to be loved, and we die to be loved; so life is for love.
Ty Dolla Sign|My dad put me with all the greatest people. It definitely helped me now, because I know so much more about music and composition. It's cool. I love Pops. I'm super thankful for everything he's done to help my career.
Marguerite Kaye, The Soldier's Rebel Lover|Vintage kisses," Finlay said. "If only they could be bottled, you would have an elixir beyond price.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|The patter of tentative footfalls reached my ears. I flipped on my side to face the door and saw Ansel wander by. I rolled onto my back, rubbing sleep from my eyes. I'd crashed on my bed as soons as I'd gotten back from school, collapsing under the weight of the day. The floorboards squeaked as Ansel passed by my door again. I caught his nervous glance in my direction before he hurried down the hall. 'Ansel, I'm not the sun; stop orbiting and get in here,' I called.
B.F. Skinner, Walden Two|Your liberals and radicals all want to govern. They want to try it their way-- to show that people will be happier if the power is wielded in a different way or for different purposes. But how do they know? Have they ever tried it? No, it's merely their guess.
Swami Sivananda|Pretty woman, I don't believe you, you're not the truth. No one could look as good as you, mercy.
Cusi Cram|Most of life’s big steps require a certain muddling through, a trusting that no one really knows the magical formula for the big firsts in life [Cram, Cusi, "‘One Life to Live’ and 14 Beautiful Boys to Kiss," Cafe, January 14, 2015].
Nicholas Sparks, Dear John|It's possible to go on, no matter how impossible it seems.
Mark Waid|There is a design behind the world that we are living in, which is veiled to most of us most of the time, but every once in a while, you catch a glimpse of it.
Emily Arden, The Gemini Effect: Deception: Book Three|The first time he wrapped his arms around her and bent his head to caress her lips with his, she was caught by surprise and felt a breathless tingle shoot through her. Was this it, she wondered?
Douglas Conant|Bill Gates can't control a high-level-energy dog, because his energy is very low, very calm. Very intellectual. A dog doesn't see that as leadership.
Anna B. Doe, Lost & Found|But, is it more important to stay true to yourself, to what you believe in, or give it up for someone you care about?”Lisa gives me a warm smile and her hand finds mine on the table.“There is no right answer to that.” She squeezes my hand hard. “It depends on so many things. You are the one who has to choose, to find the balance between what you believe in and what you care about. It’s a game with high risk—you can lose someone you care about but still have your pride, or…you can lose yourself for someone you care about.” She gets up from her seat. “The real question is—is ‘care’ good enough to be lost for?
Nicholas Stern|I think by planning an exercise regime, your diet follows to some extent.
G.I. Gurdjieff|Man must use what he has, not hope for what is not.
Alan W. Watts, The Way of Zen|It has been said that if you have Zen in your life,you have no fear, no doubt, no unnecessary craving, no extreme emotions. Neither illiberal attitudes nor egotistical actions trouble you. You serve humanity humbly, fulfilling your presence in this world with loving-kindness and observing your passing as a petal falling from a flower. Serene, you enjoy life in blissful tranquility. Such is the spirit of Zen.---Zen flesh, Zen bones.
Sahara Sanders|I had once tried to write, had once reveled in feeling, had let m crude imagination roam, but the impulse to dream had been slowly beaten out of me by experience. Now it surged up again and i hungered for books, new ways of looking and seeing. It was not a matter of believing or disbelieving what I read, but of feeling something new, of being affected by something that made the look of the world different.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|It’s time for a spring cleaning of your thoughts, it’s time to stop to just existing it’s time to start living.
Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down|We make patterns, we share moments.
Walt Disney Company|Around here, however, we don't look backwards for very long. We keep moving forward, opening up new doors and doing new things, because we're curious...and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.
Michael Azerrad|When you live in a safe place like Monte Carlo, you can walk home at any time of the night and you don't have to worry. I don't feel at risk there. If I drive myself, I can leave the car doors unlocked.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|You are always surrounded by wonder, whether you realise this or not.
Spike Lee|Young men of this class never do anything for themselves that they can get other people to do for them, and it is the infatuation, the devotion, the superstition of others that keeps them going. These others in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred are women.
John Piper, Jesus: The Only Way to God: Must You Hear the Gospel to Be Saved?|When God appoints the gospel of his Son as the universal remedy for the guilt and corruption of mankind, and we diminish that, the gospel is diminished. And you cannot diminish the gospel without being diminished yourself.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|Though I cannot entirely agree with you in supposing that extreme study has been the cause of my late indisposition, I must yet confess that the hill of science, like that of virtue, is in some instances climbed with labour. But when we get a little way up, the lovely prospects which open the eye make infinite amends for the steepness of the ascent. In short, I am wedded to these pursuits, as a man stipulates to take his wife; viz., for better, for worse, until death us do part. My thirst for knowledge is literally inextinguishable. And if I thus drink myself into a superior world, I cannot help it.
Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission|As a species, wise, harmonious progress is our mission.
W. Somerset Maugham, Christmas Holiday|In the first place it's not true that people improve as you know them better: they don't. That's why one should only have acquaintances and never make friends. An acquaintance shows you only the best of himself, he's considerate and polite, he conceals his defects behind a mask of social convention; but we grow so intimate with him that he throws the mask aside, get to know him so well that he doesn't trouble any longer to pretend; then you'll discover a being of such meanness, of such trivial nature, of such weakness, of such corruption, that you'd be aghast if you didn't realize that that was his nature and it was just as stupid to condemn him as to condemn the wolf because he ravens or the cobra because he strikes.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If people are not dancing to your tune, change the song.
Joseph Nye|For any movement to gain momentum, it must start with a small action. This action becomes multiplied by the masses, and is made tangible when leadership changes course due to the weight of the movement's voice.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|I cordially dislike allegory in all its manifestations, and always have done so since I grew old and wary enough to detect its presence. I much prefer history – true or feigned– with its varied applicability to the thought and experience of readers. I think that many confuse applicability with allegory, but the one resides in the freedom of the reader, and the other in the purposed domination of the author.
Sachin Kundalkar, Cobalt Blue|Whatever happens, happens for the best.' That's how any domestic counselling starts in a Marathi family. Everyone in every family has an inner psychiatrist who rises to the occasion with some home-made mottos, a few lines from Jagjit Singh ghazal. An older generation may quote Tukaram but underlying all this is the bedrock phase: Whatever happens, happens for the best.
David Petersen, Mouse Guard: Winter 1152|...since I realized that he (Picasso) lived in a self-enclosed world and that his solitude was therefore total, I wanted to explore my own solitude.
John Dryden, All for Love|Welcome, thou kind deceiver!Thou best of thieves: who, with an easy key,Dost open life, and, unperceived by us,Even steal us from ourselves.
Jonathan Sacks|I grew up like Huck Finn, always outdoors, exploring, collecting frogs - there was space everywhere. I want my kids to experience that too. I love being outside.
Steven Erikson|...so you have found me and would know the tale. When a poet speaks of truth to another poet, waht hope has truth? Let me ask this, then. DOes one find memory in invention? Or will you find invention in memory? Wich bows in servitude befor the other? Will the measure of greatness be weighed solely in details? Perhaps so, if details make up the full weft of the world, if themes are nothing more than the coomposite of lists perfectly ordered and unerring rendered; and if I should kneel before invention, as if it were memory made perfect.
Steven Magee|Fill the world with acid rain clouds and you will be in a new era of evolution, due to the changed electromagnetic frequencies emissions and light emissions from the lightning clouds. A new era of global environmental radiation!
Timothy Ferriss|One of the bigger misconceptions of learning is that many skills take a lifetime to get world-class at, or 10,000 hours to become world-class at.
Henry Ford|If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.
C.S. Lewis|St Thomas (Aqinas) loved books and lived on books... When asked for what he thanked God most, he answered simply, ‘I have understood every page I ever read’.
T. J. Miller|I tweet early in the morning when I wake up or late at night just to let you know that I have a show or what's on my mind, and that's it. I hate Snapchat and all of that. It's making kids so stupid.
Jacob M. Appel|If you give a man a hammer, he thinks he can solve all problems by pounding. Well, God gave men penises....
V. Pain, Hear Me Roar|Never let kindness be your weakness, never let your weaknesses be your downfal
Alex Gaskarth|Never underestimate a girl’s love for her favorite band. Never think even for a minute, that she won’t defend them to her death. Because it’s not just the music that makes that band her favorite. It’s the guys, the gals. It’s the fans. People whom of which she has interacted with thanks to the band. That band might of saved her life, or just made her smile everyday. That band has never broke her heart and has yet to leave her. No wonder she finds such joy in her music.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Because You Deserve Love|And I think missing you hurts the most when something funny happens. Because in that one moment I find myself laughing, and within the next second I want to tell or text you what happened. And then it hits me again, every single time, that you aren’t there anymore. That I lost that one thing that mattered to me.
Zelda Fitzgerald|Emptying the ashtrays was very expressive of myself. I just lump everything in a great heap which I have labeled ‘the past,’ and having thus emptied this deep reservoir that was once myself, I am ready to continue.
Peter S. Beagle, The Innkeeper's Song|You can win the victories you seek, Jorg. But only if you find better reasons to want them.
Rick Yancey, The Seal of Solomon|She looked up at him with dark, tragic eyes, and again he was struck by the illusion of beauty and innocence she presented. Instinct had him wanting to reach for her, to take her in his arms and offer comfort. Then his ribs twitched with pain and he remembered she was not all that innocent, no matter what her mother believed about her or how she presented herself. He called to mind an image of his sister and her torn remains, and of the monstrosity she had died giving birth to, and any pity he might have felt for Airie fled.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|No one can claim perfection, that's why everyone needs a second chance ad infinitum
Rie Warren, In His Command|Why fantasize about what you already experience? I go to the written word for places and faces that I don't get at home. Hot people in hot climates. Sex acts I can hardly imagine. Porn is about the unachievable ... and, therefore, the inherently desirable.
Hubert Martin|As I watched the sky morph shades of amber and amethyst, of fiery orange and smoldering pink, I always wondered if colors and images like these once inspired the greats before us to construct their beauty and masterpieces.
Carrie Snyder, Girl Runner|Running a race assigns a point to a sport that often feels very pointless. It's an exuberant payoff to months of tedium. It's a way of crafting an end boss for a particularly cumbersome video game. It's a fun, monstrous reason to keep putting one foot in front of the other. So, do yourself a favor: go build a monster.
John le Carré, Call for the Dead|Who says I have rules?" She waves off my question. "Oh, please. You have so many rules, your rules have rules.
Jacqueline Novogratz|I just don't want to live like I used to. And at some point, I'm going to put a gag order on myself in terms of talking about the past. I've got to slam the door and deal with the present and the future.
Jennifer McMahon, Don't Breathe a Word|...there was apparent in all a sort of anxiety, a softening of the heart, and a consciousness of some great, unfathomable mystery being accomplished... the most solemn mystery in the world was being accomplished. Evening passed, night came on. And the feeling of suspense and softening of the heart before the unfathomable did not wane, but grew more intense. No one slept.
Christopher Fowler, Bryant and May and the Memory of Blood|The true mark of English conversation is not being able to tell when you've been insulted. I think the more sophisticated society becomes, the more it hides behind the masks it manufactures.
Seamus Heaney, Stepping Stones: Interviews with Seamus Heaney|If you have the words, there's always a chance that you'll find the way.
Daniel Pennac, Comme un roman|Our children start out as good readers and will remain so if the adults around them nourish their enthusiasm instead of trying to prove themselves. If we stimulate their desire to learn before making them recite out loud; if we support them in their efforts instead of trying to catch them out; if we give up whole evenings instead of trying to save time; if we make the present come alive without threatening them with the future; if we refuse to turn pleasure into a chore but nurture it instead. If we do all this, we ourselves will rediscover the pleasure of giving freely-- because all cultural apprenticeship is free.
John Muir, Our National Parks|Thousands of tired, nerve-shaken, over-civilized people are beginning to find out that going to the mountains is going home; that wildness is a necessity; and that mountain parks and reservations are useful not only as fountains of timber and irrigating rivers, but as fountains of life. Awakening from the stupefying effects of the vice of over-industry and the deadly apathy of luxury, they are trying as best they can to mix and enrich their own little ongoings with those of Nature, and to get rid of rust and disease.
Sky Diamond|Believe in your dreams and when people doubt you, prove them wrong.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Murders in the Rue Morgue and Other Tales|Deal with your wins and losses alike. With tequila, lemon and a pinch of salt.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The State does not govern the market; in the market in which products are exchanged it may quite possibly be a powerful party, but nevertheless it is only one party of many, nothing more than that. All its attempts to transform the exchange-ratios between economic goods that are determined in the market can only be undertaken with the instruments of the market.
C.S. Lewis, God in the Dock|An honest man, armed with all the knowledge available to us now, could only state that in some sense, the origin of life appears at the moment to be almost a miracle, so many are the conditions which would have had to have been satisfied to get it going.
Keanu Reeves|And I came away from that experience, and it was a very difficult experience - I came to understand that you have to practice at being a good father and practice at being a good husband, just as you have to practice at being a good journalist.
John Niven|I asked a shrink: 'Everything is so great. Why am I still so angry?' He said, 'Anger doesn't go away.' I always thought it was kind of a good engine.
Paige Tyler, Wolf Trouble|It's going to be okay," she said.The woman slowly nodded, then started crying. Khaki pulled the woman against her numb shoulder, keeping an eye out as the sounds of sirens approached from a distance. About time.As the sirens got louder, Khaki wondered again why she wasn't in more pain. And why the hell had it taken backup so long to get here?
Suzette R. Hinton|It’s not enough to hear someone else’s voice or to sing someone else’s song or to play the note that you heard someone else play. I had to tune into my sound and by doing so, I have recovered not only the sound of my voice but the sound of my life.
A.S. Byatt, Possession|Above his head at street level, he saw an angled aileron of a scarlet Porsche, its jaunty fin more or less at the upper edge of his window frame. A pair of very soft, clean glistening black shoes appeared, followed by impeccably creased matt charcoal pinstriped light woollen legs, followed by the beautifully cut lower hem of a jacket, its black vent revealing a scarlet silk lining, its open front revealing a flat muscular stomach under a finely-striped red and white shirt. Val’s legs followed, in powder-blue stockings and saxe-blue shoes, under the limp hem of a crêpey mustard-coloured dress, printed with blue moony flowers. The four feet advanced and retreated, retreated and advanced, the male feet insisting towards the basement stairs, the female feet resisting, parrying. Roland opened the door and went into the area, fired mostly by what always got him, pure curiosity as to what the top half looked like.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You are never defeated in life, you are only a learner.
Stacey  Donovan, Dive|Nothing exists but my breath. I know this feeling. Usually it comes when something unexpected and momentously awful is about to happen, which doesn’t make sense now. I’m just going home.
Milind K|There is nothing such as Happiness, its just a state of mind that lasts for a fraction of seconds....!
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Fable for Another Time|I've got quite a memory. Engraved in my mind, things are. I can't forget anything...It's not a sign of intelligence...Nothing to boast about, memory...that's just how it is...
Marquis de Sade|...that tender compunction of the honest-minded, so different from the hateful intoxication of criminals...
Tim O'Brien|One of the places where we lived when I was growing up had this big wood out the back. And starting when I was about 8, I used to enjoy just walking alone through the wood late. Eleven p.m. Midnight. Later.
Robert Dallek|It's a privilege to serve the poor, to be servants of noble Africans, but I better belong in the rehearsal room or in the studio with my band. That's where I want to be and I still wake up in the morning with melodies in my head.
Shannon Hale, The Actor and the Housewife|I don't know how you persist in being so stubborn-""It's a superpower. I was bitten by a radioactive mule.
Diana Athill|Looking at things is never time wasted. If your children want to stand and stare, let them. When I was marvelling at the beauty of a painting or enjoying a great view it did not occur to me that the experience, however intense, would be of value many years later. But there it has remained, tucked away in hidden bits of my mind and now it comes, shouldering aside even the most passionate love affairs.
Vishwas Mudagal|When you don't have the pressure of pleasing someone else and do something because you love doing it, that's when the best works are born.
Hunter Murphy, Imogene in New Orleans|Toulouse Street ran one way toward the Mississippi River. Jackson looked over [Imogene's] head into one of those famous New Orleans courtyards, full of lush foliage, mossy brick, secrets, and wonder.
Ayana Mathis, The Twelve Tribes of Hattie|God wants every member of the Body of Christ to be a blessing one to another; that’s why, everyone has to be involved in a ministry.
Nalini Singh|To keep you is no benefit, to destroy you is no loss.
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|Surrender is not a weakness, but rather an empowering state of humility.
Alejandro Jodorowsky|I almost got a psychology degree, I almost got a philosophy degree. I kept changing it so they couldn't make me graduate. I studied anthropology and eastern religion, epistomology, and astronomy... I took every interesting course I could find for nine years.
Edward Lear, The Owl and the Pussycat|And hand in hand, on the edge of the sand, They danced by the light of the moon.
R.A.Delmonico|War is the echo that never dies. No society strives for war, they are always tricked into it.
Stephanie Hale, High School Hangover|Elizabeth smiled warmly. "For you I will allow it, Mr. Trask. How is your wife, sir? Still putting up with you, or has she finally come to her senses and run away?" Trask laughed, slapping his knee. "I see married life has not tamed that wit of yours, Miss Elizabeth! Well done! Your poor hus- band, to be saddled with such a wench!" Lizzy assumed a mournful face. "Yes, it is a tragic affair. It is merely a matter of time ere a cell at Bedlam will be his home.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I was once in darkness, but now, the light of God has shone upon me.
The Fart Blast|Where do you get that logic from? You're either getting the cheap-ass knock-off type of logic or getting fucking scammed right up the ass. And since you don't have any decent logic you can't even think to get better logic from the "logic" store.
Sunday Adelaja|God desires for the whole world to see Him, so that he can conquer the world and make it His footstool
Jean-Francois Lyotard|The fact that television and tourism have made the whole world accessible has created the illusion that we enjoy intimate knowledge of other places, when we barely scratch their surface. For the vast majority, the knowledge of Thailand or Sri Lanka acquired through tourism consists of little more than the whereabouts of the beach.
J.G. Ballard, The Atrocity Exhibition|When we age we shed many skins: ego, arrognace, dominance, self-opionated, unreliable, pessimism, rudeness, selfish, uncaring ... Wow, it's good to be old!
Mira Monroe, Magick|A superior brain without the saving essence of godliness may turn against the human race and drench the world in blood, or worse, it may loose ideas into the earth which will continue to curse mankind for centuries after it has turned to dust again.
Rivers Cuomo|I may have been sexy, but I was covered up total. There was something left to the imagination.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater|It was a lie but he believed in telling lies to people. Truth telling and medicine just didn't go together except in dire emergencies, if then.
Dry the River|He saw her right after the seventh-period bell rang. She seemed dressed for the sole purpose of blending in with the lockers, but she stood out, anyway. It didn’t matter that her wide blue eyes were narrowed or that her pretty mouth was twisted into a near snarl — she was blatantly beautiful. It was kind of sick the way Ed was preoccupied with beautiful girls these days.He felt a little sorry for her. (He was also preoccupied with finding ways of feeling sorry for people.) She was new and trying hard not to look it. She was confused and trying to look tough. It was endearing is what it was.
Anne Tyler|Girls did that then – knocked themselves out to support some man’s notion of his own genius. What was Gavin doing to help pay the rent? Not much, though she suspected him of dealing pot on the side. Once in a while they even smoked some of that, though not often, because it made Constance cough. It was all very romantic.
Ann Zwinger, Downcanyon: A Naturalist Explores the Colorado River through the Grand Canyon|The question haunted me, and the real answer came, as answers often do, not in the canyon but at an unlikely time and in an unexpected place, flying over the canyon at thirty thousand feet on my way to be a grandmother. My mind on other things, intending only to glance out, the exquisite smallness and delicacy of the river took me completely by surprise. In the hazy light of early morning, the canyon lay shrouded, the river flecked with glints of silver, reduced to a thin line of memory, blurred by a sudden realization that clouded my vision. The astonishing sense of connection with that river and canyon caught me completely unaware, and in a breath I understood the intense, protective loyalty so many people feel for the Colorado River in the Grand Canyon. It has to do with truth and beauty and love of this earth, the artifacts of a lifetime and the descant of a canyon wren at dawn.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|When we are preoccupied with wealth and material acquisitions, it chokes God's word in us and makes it unfruitful. But if we follow His plan of being prosperous you will enjoy the blessings of this life.
Robert Service|....They're called "better halves" for a reason, I guess. You can't have one half that's worse than you. It'd be a disaster.
Stefan Molyneux|Those who make conversations impossible, make escalation inevitable.
David Foster Wallace, A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again:  Essays and Arguments|This unlikely story begins on a sea that was a blue dream, as colorful as blue-silk stockings, and beneath a sky as blue as the irises of children's eyes. From the western half of the sky the sun was shying little golden disks at the sea--if you gazed intently enough you could see them skip from wave tip to wave tip until they joined a broad collar of golden coin that was collecting half a mile out and would eventually be a dazzling sunset.
Taylor Swift|How unjust then to meet that person you love, and be kept away from them only because ones bed is made of hay , and the other, feathers.
Dada Bhagwan|Unity does not exist in the world. Only when the Gnani Purush [the enlightened one] grants moksha [liberation], does unity arise. Unity cannot prevail without Gnan [knowledge of the self].
Sheldon L. Glashow, Charm of Physics: Collected Essays of Sheldon Glashow|We present a series of hypotheses and speculations, leading inescapably to the conclusion that SU(5) is the gauge group of the world — that all elementary particle forces (strong, weak, and electromagnetic) are different manifestations of the same fundamental interaction involving a single coupling strength, the fine-structure constant. Our hypotheses may be wrong and our speculations idle, but the uniqueness and simplicity of our scheme are reasons enough that it be taken seriously.
Herbert Hoover|Today, I am blessed to be living a dream. And yet, if it all went away tomorrow, I know I would still have peace.
James Hain Friswell|A scattering of pinpoint lights shows up in the blackness ahead. A town or village straddling the highway. The indicator on the speedometer begins to lose ground. The man glances in his mirror at the girl, a little anxiously as if this oncoming town were some kind of test to be met.An illuminated road sign flashes by: CAUTION! MAIN STREET AHEAD - SLOW UP The man nods grimly, as if agreeing with that first word. But not in the way it is meant.The lights grow bigger, spread out on either side. Street lights peer out here and there among the trees. The highway suddenly sprouts a plank sidewalk on each side of it. Dark store-windows glide by.With an instinctive gesture, the man dims his lights from blinding platinum to just a pale wash. A lunch-room window drifts by. ("Jane Brown's Body")
Anthony  Ryan, The Waking Fire|I've survived revolution, war, and over a decade on this continent," the Burgrave reflected. "But by all the ghosts of the hundred emperors, I think fatherhood will finally do me in.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|Be pure, live a conscientious life, defend your dignity and be loving to others.
Michael W. McConnell|Lack of culture equals to parallel lives, however through art, oneness, sanity and sense of belonging is restored.
Elizabeth  Taylor|Every teacher are once a student, Every professional are once an amateur, Every rich are once a poor, Every motorist are once a learner, Every friend are once a stranger, Every ex are once a lover, Every today are once a tomorrow, Every emigrate are once a citizen, Every dead are once alive, Every house are once a land, Every super star are once an upcoming, Every winner are once a dreamer and every start always have an end. Stay humble and Positive, afterall life is vanity- Goals Rider
Bobby Jindal|The Sabbath is a weekly cathedral raised up in my dining room, in my family, in my heart.
The Inkslinger|For me, stories are like WD-40 for the brain: they keep all the wheels and gears and clicky-things running smoothly. Without them, cognitive function becomes a bore.
Introvertly Bubbly|She may have been among them but she could never be one of them. She was without inclusion for-as-much as she was not "one of the girls" and she wasn't "one of the guys." She was an outsider gazing in, endlessly comfortless, while they wished they had what it took to be less like the others and more like her.
Brandy Heineman, Whispers in the Branches|And do you know the story about Haydn’s head? They cut it away from the still-warm cadaver so some insane scientist could take apart the brain and pinpoint the location of musical genius. And the Einstein Story? He’d carefully written his will with instructions to cremate him. They followed his orders, but his disciple, ever loyal and devoted, refused to live without the master’s gaze on him. Before the cremation, he took the eyes of the cadaver and put them in a bottle of alcohol to keep them watching him until the moment he should die himself. That’s why I said that the crematory fire is the only way our bodies can escape them. It’s the only absolute death. And I don’t want any other. Jean-Marc, I want an absolute death.
Bethany Wiggins, The Dragon's Price|For a split second I wonder what I am doing here on this battlefield, on the front line. I am a princess. I am soft and regal. I am quiet, forgotten Sorrowlynn, who never leaves her rooms. And yet I am so much more. I have the capacity to be anything. To be everything! This girl running to fight for the greater good is me. For the first time ever, I feel like I am living the life I was meant to be living all along.
Avijeet Das|I tend to have really interested conversations with employers. They enjoy my interviews and they always last a little longer than norm for i have so much to say and as one said, i am but a breath of fresh air. I was asked what motivates me?I told them my children.When i was a child, i wanted to be like Oprah. I want to be the kind of person my children will be aspire to be. I want my daughter to say she wants to be like me.
Hassan Nasrallah|...'undertow'. It describes (...) how underneath our own everyday lives - the shopping and squabbles and weeding and trips to the vet - there's a sense of being dragged slowly off, not against our will but regardless of it. And fighting the undertow, as children are quick to learn, is not usually the best way of getting back to the beach. Floating along with it, on the other hand, can be fatal. It's really the struggle, the argument with oneself, that interests...
Fidel Castro, History Will Absolve Me|The fact is, when men carry the same ideals in their hearts, nothing can isolate them - neither prison walls nor the sod of cemeteries. For single memory, a single spirit, a single idea, a single conscience, a single dignity will sustain them all.
Ally Carter, Out of Sight, Out of Time|I refused to teach Sunday school. When Archdeacon Henry Phillips, my last rector, died, I flatly refused again to join any church or sign any church creed. From my 30th year on I have increasingly regarded the church as an institution which defended such evils as slavery, color caste, exploitation of labor and war.
Bruno Goncalves, Descent into Mayhem|She had been too well-trained to allow her emotions to take control of her at the time, but the feelings were too strong to quietly recede into a regimen of critical thought. Deep inside her they stewed, logic and reason slowly boiling off. Reduced to their essence, her feelings became more potent, condensed into an emotional certainty. I should have saved them.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Nothing Is Important, Yet Everything Is Important
José Ortega y Gasset, The Revolt of the Masses|Are you ready to be less than a mere drop in the bucket--to be so totally insignificant that no one remembers you even if they think of those you served? Are you willing to give and be poured out until you are used up and exhausted--not seeking to be ministered to, but to minister?
Joanne Woodward|I like art with a sense of humor. I don't have a huge art education to understand everything. I don't think that means that art has to be watered down to the lowest common denominator, though. I don't think you have to go to college to be able appreciate great art, but I like art that doesn't take itself too seriously.
Billy Graham|I agree with Pierre Bayle and with Unamuno that when cold reason contemplates the world it finds not only an absence of God, but good reasons for supposing that there is no God at all. From this perspective, from what Unamuno called the 'tragic sense of life', from this despair, faith comes to the rescue, not only as something nonrational but in a sense irrational. For Unamuno the great symbol of a person of faith was his Spanish hero Don Quixote. Faith is indeed quixotic. It is absurd. Let us admit it. Let us concede to everything! To a rational mind the world looks like a world without God. It looks like a world with no hope for another life. To think otherwise, to believe in spite of appearances, is surely a kind of madness. The atheist sees clearly that windmills are in fact only windmills, that Dulcinea is just a poor country bumpkin with a homely face and an unpleasant smell. The atheist is a Sarah, justifiably laughing in her old age at Abraham's belief that God will give them a son.What can be said in reply? How can a fideist admit that faith is a kind of madness, a dream fed by passionate desire, and yet maintain that one is not mad to make the leap?
Christian Hunt, The Dawn of Grace|A curator treasures aged bibles, but the wise treasure the wisdom within.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Promise me this. When you find yourself in need of inspiration, bypass the roses that will clamor aimlessly for attention. And focus on the souls who have actually 'lived' among the thorns.
Kai Leakes, Sin Eaters|Oooo wee! You see that chump go flying? Look’eah, nothing like charred demon to make a brotha feel right. - Calvin Freeman (Sineaters‬:Devotion Book One)
Kevin Bacon|Well, Jeff Buckley for me is one of the greatest singers I've ever heard. And the reason why is he has an amazing range, amazing emotional power in his voice. And the music he put around it also just had this passion and this soul to it and this spirit to it that very few artists have, and he passed at a very young age.
Simone Weil|We have to endure the discordance between imagination and fact. It is better to say, “I am suffering,” than to say, “This landscape is ugly.
Latika Teotia|Don’t run after people or plead with them beseeching them to return. If they leave you they were never meant to be a part of your complete journey. However difficult you may find it initially, don’t break down. Take it as a sign from God. Perhaps they were hampering your growth, perhaps they had made you so dependent that your entire world revolved around them. You must accept this change … and move on … You need people in your life who are supposed to be there…according to your destiny. Keep your eyes open, someone better is coming along. Trust God!!!
David R. Smock, Interfaith Dialogue and Peacebuilding|When religious groups in a conflict eliminate the personal element and perceive themselves as representatives of collectives, heir actions tend to become more "radical" and "merciless." (Ch.3, by Jaco Cilliers, p. 48)
Dory Hollander, 101 Lies Men Tell Women -- And Why Women Believe Them|Women and men who have established no-lie relationships talk about them with reverence, even when they are not permanent and, in fact, even when they are not romantic. Why? In the no-lie relationship there is acceptance of who each partner is, rather than a shallow idealization. There is a genuine commitment to the relationship beyond the immediate. You each act as though you are in a real partnership that will last.
Kassandra Cross, Carrie's First Time: Taboo Older Man Younger Woman First Time Erotic Romance|I must go now”, she said slowly and slipped her hand from his. Aarav looked at her face.. the water droplets pretended to be some shining gems embedded on a fine piece of white marble and a few strands of wet hair across, like some graceful ancient art on it. It took him a while to understand what she said. She just smiled softly with a hint of shyness. He kept looking at her.. the strands still intact, bothering him for some unknown reason. He raised his hand slowly towards her face.. her smile ceased with the movement. His dark brown eyes laid firm on her black ones, hearts pounding like door knocks.. he touched her face with his finger.. she half closed her eyes.
André Alexis, Fifteen Dogs|He was a committed leader, capable of - or prone to - instinctive decisions. More: he could put aside thought in the service of forceful action. But in quiet moments his sensitivity sometimes led him to reconsider his own behaviour. In other words, Atticus had a conscience, and it was this that led him to what some would call faith.
Unarine Ramaru|Apology is not about saying I'm sorry, but it is about the meaning you put behind the apology and admitting that you are the wrong part.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|It's one of my inventions-a shampoo," Athena explained. "Anyway, I didn't know it would do"-she gestured toward the snakes-"that.
Ashley Mansour|...certain people have good, ordinary blood and others have an animated, lively sort of blood that comes to the face quickly.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Many marriages would have succeeded today but many of the individuals didn't have the equipment; the knowledge to use to fix the situation. No marriage is irreparable but most most people are just too tired to fix it. This why it is important for you to get understanding.In all your getting don't get love....get understanding first. Understand what it means to be a woman. Understand what it means to be with a woman. You need to understand the complexancy in a woman and the uniqueness in a man. Understand communication skills, understand how to manage emotions and how to handle anger, you have to understand the dynamics of disagreement , you have to understand how to handle unfaithfulness; broken trust, if you do not understand all these things, you will always be stocked in life.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Do not be tired of doing good things. Victory comes after the battle; the crown follows the fight; the same way, behind purposeful actions is a great deal of success. Don’t give up on the fight. Fight till them end; win till all is won.
Ricarda Huch, Quellen des Lebens|Das Einzige, wonach wir mit Leidenschaft trachten, ist das Anknüpfen menschlicher Beziehungen, nichts ist uns umgekehrt so schmerzlich als das Auflösen derselben. Unser Glück und Unglück hängt von unseren menschlichen Beziehungen ab.
Lydia Millet|For a long time, it was like I was part of some special forces unit: I'd land, meet everyone, five minutes later I'd have to do some amazing work, then - boom! - I'm out again. You know, playing supporting parts takes courage.
Stacey O'Neale, Mortal Enchantment|He smirked and sat up "Simmer down, Jelly Bean.
John Corey Whaley, Highly Illogical Behavior|I saw her note the way I hovered over the various ethnicities on the form. First the 'white' box, then to the airspace over the 'black' box, a kind of momentary hesitation, a protest of stillness, a staring into the abyss of everything I did not know about myself. She, like me, was made of halves.
Nancy Astor|Love in marriage should be the accomplishment of a beautiful dream, and not, as it too often is, the end.
Cecilia Ekbäck, Wolf Winter|It was like Nils had said, about the little lake on the mountain that had been turned into marsh and the large one that had remained a lake. A being was either strong enough to hold their ground or they became small and bottomless and started feeding on themselves. They turned into something they never saw coming. Something they never intended.
jane yates 2015|Every major religion documents the fact that we ourselves have to take action to achieve whatever we desire. So why leave it on luck when your thoughts, beliefs and actions create your destiny?
Debasish Mridha|When life presents you with a problem, show the courage, make yourself a hundred times bigger than the problem.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|One Saturday morning last May, I joined the presidential motorcade as it slipped out of the southern gate of the White House. A mostly white crowd had assembled. As the motorcade drove by, people cheered, held up their smartphones to record the procession, and waved American flags. To be within feet of the president seemed like the thrill of their lives. I was astounded. An old euphoria, which I could not immediately place, gathered up in me. And then I remembered, it was what I felt through much of 2008, as I watched Barack Obama’s star shoot across the political sky. I had never seen so many white people cheer on a black man who was neither an athlete nor an entertainer. And it seemed that they loved him for this, and I thought in those days, which now feel so long ago, that they might then love me, too, and love my wife, and love my child, and love us all in the manner that the God they so fervently cited had commanded.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Love is a two-way street, but not everyone deserves a license.
Leo Buscaglia|My mother's psychologist says I have an overactive anger switch, but people just keep pissing me off.
Carlyle Labuschagne, The Broken Destiny|She studied my face for a long minute. "Are you going to help my mom?" It was a simple question. But how do you tell a child that things just aren't that simple, that some questions don't have simple answers--or any answer at all?
Kim   Wright, City of Light|Time... is an essential requirement for effective research. An investigator may be given a palace to live in, a perfect laboratory to work in, he may be surrounded by all the conveniences money can provide; but if his time is taken from him he will remain sterile.
André Aciman, Call Me by Your Name|Was our intimacy paid for in the wrong currency? Or is intimacy the desired product no matter where you find it, how you acquire it, what you pay for it, black market, grey market, taxed, untaxed, under the table, over the counter.
Catherine Aird, Passing Strange|To exist as an interpreter of the law, you first have to follow that law yourself. Law is the glue that holds society together. It's flawed, but absolute, and corruption only hinders its progress.
James Rouse|I celebrate myself, and sing myself.
Bjorn Ulvaeus|What I find most interesting about the U.S. is this idea of equality. That's what I'm trying to do with immigration. If what the founding fathers said is true, that we are all equal, then let's fight for that.
Fred C. White|The Spirit of God breathes inspiration, while the carnal mind breeds vanity.
George Foreman|I've got some great stuff in my sports memorabilia collection. But my favorite thing by far is the robe. I actually have a Ric Flair robe with 'the Nature Boy' on the back. That's awesome. When I look at it, it brings back so many memories of my childhood and my teen years.
John D. MacDonald, Pale Gray for Guilt|It's a tricky, complex, indifferent society, Puss. It's a loophole world. And there are a lot of clever animals who know how to reach through the loopholes and pick the pockets of the unsuspecting.
Sunday Adelaja|Through our work and play, each of us eventually becomes a personification of what we cherish in life.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|No matter how far you have come... No matter how you survived your checkered past... Sometimes, you simply have to make a choice.
Little Richard|It is not the creation of wealth that is wrong, but the love of money for its own sake.
Abhijit Naskar|In this universe, all we perceive is a virtual reality created by the neurons.
Charlotte Beers, I'd Rather Be in Charge: A Legendary Business Leader's Roadmap for Achieving Pride, Power, and Joy at Work|Being in charge of your work life doesn't mean you always move with assurance and sublime self-confidence; it means you keep moving, continuing on your own path, even when you feel shaky and uncertain.
Pamela Meyer|I used to trust people easily, but now I'm a little careful because some experiences have taught me to not trust anyone blindly.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When you know how to handle people, handle people well, for you may need people one day! Don’t just shun them; don’t kill them! Don’t curse them; don’t harm them! Pray for them, for they are a good part of the story, both for the good and for the bed; get understanding, and disarm the armed who seems to be a threat with wit and wisdom!
Milan Kundera, Encounter|This may be impossible for you to believe," Colt said in a hushed voice, "but as recently as last year, I was a hyper, naive-albeit extremely good-looking-minor myself.""And now you're a persistent, outdoorsy, unshaven man-boy who cavorts with clones of your former self?"Colt plucked a round stone out of the water. "I prefer boy-man, but the rest of the sentence sounded fairly accurate.
V.S. Atbay|Let the wet earth embrace you firmly, soundly. She needs to be revived, she needs to beat like a heart full of adrenaline inside a chest.
Leo Burnett|There are two ways to extend a business. Take inventory of what you're good at and extend out from your skills. Or determine what your customers need and work backward, even if it requires learning new skills. Kindle is an example of working backward.
Carrie Jones, Need|Take it easy, friend," siad Peter, regaining his balance, quickly understanding the condition Henry w
Charmaine J Forde|Every country has a cultural legacy and religious practices for reasons that I don’t believe fall under the category of superstition, something that a religious scholar should understand.
Oprah Winfrey|The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
Jolene Stockman, Total Blueprint for World Domination|There is no real world, just the one you create.
Sarah Dessen, This Lullaby|Anything but chicken, and some honesty on the side, please.
Norman Maclean, A River Runs Through It and Other Stories|Burn, baby, burn,” she muttered in a hard, satisfied voice.I cleared my throat. “As much as I hate to interrupt the supreme satisfaction you’re taking in watching the mansion blaze to the ground, I’d reallylike to get out of here before the whole house collapses on top of us.
Christina Rossetti|All others are outside myself;I lock my door and bar them outThe turmoil, tedium, gad-about.I lock my door upon myself,And bar them out; but who shall wallSelf from myself, most loathed of all?If I could once lay down myself,And start self-purged upon the raceThat all must run ! Death runs apace.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|If we followed our feelings all the time, we'd be like cats chasin' their tails.
P. J. O'Rourke|When Ford sells a car, a dealer isn't allowed to take out the engine and put a different one in. When a newsstand sells the Washington Post, no one can go to the newsstand and pay them to rip out the classified section and put their own classified section in - if they could, they would do so.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I am created to know, love, and served my Creator.
Debasish Mridha|Oh my love! You are the light of love in the darkness. I am longing for you, you are my flower and freshness.
Steven Cuoco|When you focus on problems, you will have more problems. When you focus on having great opportunities, you will obtain great opportunities.
Charmaine J Forde|It took me thirty years to find myself, I had little wealth,  But I had my health
Dee Lestari, Perahu Kertas|What people say realistic, may not necessarily the same as what we think. At the end we will know which one Is ourselves, which one is not.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|With persistent focus and determined spirit, you can achieve the God-given goals.
Robin Hobb, Golden Fool|Focus your mind and you can create whatever you want. Sometimes, just believe and let the Universe work out the details. It may deliver the results in ways you could not have imagined.
Kemi Sogunle, Being Single: A State For The Fragile Heart: A Guide to Self-Love, Finding You and Purposeful Living|For every choice you make, there is a consequence to face. Choose wisely!
Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf|Good artists are always crazy, one way or another.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|Peter is suffering from an attack of nostalgia, she knows the symptoms. She mustn't join in otherwise she'll be swept away too, drowning in a quicksand of the past.
J.L. Aarne, The Man in the Long Black Coat|The Dark Angel had seen much over the course of the past millennia, the passing of hundreds of thousands of mortal lives. He felt neither remorse nor mercy for the enemies he had felled in the course of wars and battles. He did what he had to do and believed that the people of Earth did not deserve all the good things they had received. For him, most people were harmful parasites who, in the process of their brief mortal lives, tried to get ahead by climbing over each other and destroying their own homes. He looked down on them and their love of material things. He believed that the star of humankind was waning, and that its brief stay on Earth would serve, at most, to swell the ranks of slaves in the underworld, where eventually darkness would eat them away.
Neil LaBute|I live in a house with four women. Just shut up and say, Yes, ma'am.
Ramana Pemmaraju|You will love and admire the One who is honest and blunt in his views, as long as you're not his subject of viewpoint!
Anselm Feurbah|If someone gives you so-called good advice, do the opposite; you can be sure it will be the right thing nine out of 10 times.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Keeping the door that leads to your heart ajar is destructive as univited guests would move in and trample on your feelings, leaving you in great pains, but closing it always is a sure way to spot out the destructive and innovative guests.
John Mark Reynolds, The Great Books Reader: Excerpts and Essays on the Most Influential Books in Western Civilization|A leader is not authenticated by title or position, but by character and influence, most important by leading among the pack and not in front.
Henry Kuttner, Masters of Horror|Dr. Manning said he'd thought at first it might be sleeping sickness, or even narcolepsy, whatever that was, but - no, Pete was healthy enough physically. Manoel growled that the boy was bone-lazy, spending his time fishing and reading. Reading! No good could come of such things.'In a way you're right, Manoel,' Dr. Manning said hesitantly. 'It's natural for a boy to day-dream now and then, but I think Pedro does it too much. I've let him use my library whenever he wanted, but it seems... h'm... it seems he reads the wrong things. Fairy tales are very charming, but they don't help a boy to cope with real life.''Com certeza,' Manoel agreed. 'You mean he has crazy ideas in the head.''Oh, they're rather nice ideas,' Dr. Manning said. 'But they're only fairy tales, and they're beginning to seem true to Pete. You see, Manoel, there are really two worlds, the real one, and the one you make up inside your mind. Sometimes a boy - or even a man - gets to like his dream world so much he just forgets about the real one and lives in the one he's made up.''I know,' Manoel said. 'I have seen some who do that. It is a bad thing.''It would be bad for Pete. He's a very sensitive boy. If you live too much in dreams, you can't face real life squarely.'("Before I Wake...")
William Styron, Darkness Visible: A Memoir of Madness|There he must, despite the anguish devouring his brain, present a face approximating the one that is associated with ordinary events and companionship. He must try to utter small talk, and be responsive to questions, and knowingly nod and frown and, God help him, even smile. But it is a fierce trial attempting to speak a few simple words.
Cornel West, Race Matters|If you want to have an impact in your company, have a point of view that sometimes challenges the status quo but do the work required to make the point of view an informed one.
Nikola Tesla|I don't think immortality is necessarily the key to understanding the world. You have to be careful with what you think you're achieving. I'm all for science discovering amazing and fantastic things about our world, but I think the motivations behind it are slightly askew.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|With proactive support and full engagement of top leaders, Change Management can become an enjoyable voyage to discover the new landscape of businesses.
Matt Lauer|Well, you need the villain. If you don't have a villain, the good guy can stay home.
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|I've found my productive-writing-to-screwing-around ratio to be one to seven. So, for every eight hour day of writing, there is only one good productive hour of work being done. The other seven hours are preparing for writing: pacing around the house, collapsing cardboard bxes for recycling, reading the DVD extras pamphlet from BBC Pride & Prejudice, getting snacks lined up for writing, and YouTubing toddlers who learned the 'Single Ladies' dance. I know. Isn't that horrible? So, basically, writing this piece took me the time between Thanksgiving and Christmas.
Will Once, Global Domination for Beginners|Act that way and slowly but surely I will fade away. All the dawns and all the twilights will rob me, piece by piece, of myself, and before long my very life will be shaved away completely - and I would end up nothing.
Nikki Rowe|Somewhere, someone is search for the pieces of you that mold well with theirs.
Janna Levin, Black Hole Blues and Other Songs from Outer Space|Only three constants are significant for star formation: the gravitational constant, the fine structure constant, and a constant that governs nuclear reaction rates.
Daria Snadowsky, Anatomy of a Single Girl|Tell her that you love her hair, that you love her skin, her lips, because, in truth, you love them more than you love your own.
Seré Prince Halverson, All the Winters After|... that same hardware and tackle shop his dad got lost in for hours while Kache waited in the truck, writing lyrics on the backs of old envelopes his mom kept in the glove compartment for blotting her lipstick. Kache had written around the red blooms of her lip prints.
Peter James, Not Dead Yet|Lorcan rubbed his head. “Am I asking too much to want the little bitch dead? Am I?” It seemed Hefaidd-Hen learned long ago not to answer certain questions. “All I want is for her to suffer a painful, horrifying death. And for her head to be on a spike in front of my castle. That’s all I want.
Chris Colfer, Stranger Than Fanfiction|You can change a body, but you can't change a soul. The heart wants what it wants.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|Therefore, dear Sir, love your solitude and try to sing out with the pain it causes you. For those who are near you are far away... and this shows that the space around you is beginning to grow vast.... be happy about your growth, in which of course you can't take anyone with you, and be gentle with those who stay behind; be confident and calm in front of them and don't torment them with your doubts and don't frighten them with your faith or joy, which they wouldn't be able to comprehend. Seek out some simple and true feeling of what you have in common with them, which doesn't necessarily have to alter when you yourself change again and again; when you see them, love life in a form that is not your own and be indulgent toward those who are growing old, who are afraid of the aloneness that you trust.... and don't expect any understanding; but believe in a love that is being stored up for you like an inheritance, and have faith that in this love there is a strength and a blessing so large that you can travel as far as you wish without having to step outside it.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|How can a full grown man carry bomb and kill many innocent people including himself? He was promised life after death. Many Virgins, no sickness. No pain. Because he hates his life on earth here. Sad no? No man is really looking for religion, we're all looking for a better life here and beyond.WHAT AM I DOING FOR TO GAIN THIS LIFE ETERNAL? IT WAS GIVEN ME FREELY BY GRACE BUT WHAT AM I DOING? HOW FAR CAN I GO?
Rachel Hauck, The Writing Desk|Percival pinched his lips, sending his laugh to his eyes.
Allen Guy Wilcox|The author's mentor advises the NAKED method of breaking the ice at the first meeting: Name, Address, Kin, Experience, and Dreams.
Saša Stanišić, How the Soldier Repairs the Gramophone|If I were a magician who could make things possible, then pictures could talk while we painted them. If I were a magaician who could make things possible, then houses could keep their promises. And they would have to promise not to lose their roofs or go up in flames. If I were a magician who could make things possible, the scars made in them by bullet holes would close up again over the years.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|The “result” of micromanagement is perhaps tangible in the short run, but more often causes damage for the long term.
Osho, Hsin Hsin Ming, the Book of Nothing: Discourses on the Faith Mind of Sosan|The most dangerous thing about an academic education is that it enables my tendency to over-intellectualize stuff, to get lost in abstract thinking instead of simply paying attention to what’s going on in front of me.
Gabrielle Aplin|Every step of the road was just as she'd dreamt it all the time she'd been away. Every step took her further away from the smoke and the noise and the loneliness and fear of the city she'd left behind. Every step drew her deeper into the hollows of the landscape, the green hills and shining rivers and mist-tangled treetops.
Hilal Hamdaan|I’m afraid you cannot leave,' said Zarniwoop, 'you are entwined in the Improbability Field. You cannot escape.' He smiled the smile that Zaphod had wanted to hit and this time Zaphod hit it.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|After a long analysis of Robson’s suicide, we concluded that it could only be considered philosophical in an arithmetical sense of the term: he, being about to cause an increase of one in the human population, had decided it was his ethical duty to keep the planet’s numbers constant.
J.I. Packer, Knowing God|Guidance, like all God's acts of blessing under the covenant of grace, is a sovereign act. Not merely does God will to guide us in the sense of showing us his way, that we may tread it; he wills also to guide us in the more fundamental sense of ensuring that, whatever happens, whatever mistakes we may make, we shall come safely home. Slippings and strayings there will be, no doubt, but the everlasting arms are beneath us; we shall be caught, rescued, restored. This is God's promise; this is how good he is.
James Dashner, The Maze Runner|BE HAPPY YOU CAN HAVE THE RICE,MANY CAN'T AFFORD THE PRICE.I CAN CONTROL MY ANGER,WHAT WILL I DO IN HUNGER ?
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|The Earth was not dead. She had been sick, yes, weakened by an infestation. Now she was ridding herself of it. For those who remained alive the choice was a simple one, whether they realised it yet or not: Work with the land-- respect it and give back to it-- or die.
Jodi Picoult, Leaving Time|Do you know what made me fall in love with you?" George asked suddenly. Anne shook her head, puzzled that he should ask her this now. "I heard you laugh, down the hall, just before I got to Spanish class that first day. I couldn't see you. I just heard this fabulous laugh, like a whole octave, top to bottom. And I had to hear it again.
Catherine Gilbert Murdock, Dairy Queen|Everything comes at the right time, but if the right time is too late to be patient, go earlier before it becomes too late.
Charlene A. Wilson|Believe in the magic that's in you, its potential, what it can achieve. But most of all believe in yourself and create a world where dreams become reality.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you look at a rose try to focus on its beauty, not its thorns.
Arthur Ashe|The more you trust your intuition, the more empowered you become, the stronger you become, and the happier you become.
Jimmy Fallon|Dating is kind of hard. Like dinner or something like that. Like a forced awkward situation is very strange. Especially for me, for some reason.
Witold Gombrowicz, Diary|A talent is no talent, unless it is used for the benefit of other people.
E.B. White|I came up stairs into the world, for I was born in a cellar.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|These politicians impressed him as being the most shortsighted and sceptical men he had ever met. They lived in a little world that was bounded on the one side by "office" and on the other by the constituencies, and they seemed unable to imagine that it was not an eternal world. One tall man, he observed, in the year of grace 1941 was wearing a long frock-coat and a peculiar half-stiff collar reminiscent of that great parliamentary hand, Mr. Gladstone. They talked with one another about divisions; the government majority had dropped to twenty; and they talked about a scene in the House. The P.M.'s manners were becoming intolerable. Then with an air of relaxation they turned to Rud. The possibility of altering opinions in the constituencies seemed a very theoretical one to them. No doubt there were these waves of opinion in the country, and an intelligent parliamentary politician observed them and dodged about among them, but it was quite outside their technique to consider how the pressures of opinion could accumulate and be directed.
David Levithan, Another Day|Motherhood is still the great unknown. For some, it brings incomparable happiness and enriches their identity. Others manage as best they can to reconcile contradictory demands.
Hans Stanley|Love corrupts and absolute love corrupts absolutely. The unreasonable systems of men, that is.
Jamie Magee, Insight|Felix has always believed that if there is one thing in life that is fated it is our birth, that far-fetched conspiracy of circumstances which have to occur in order for us to get born.
Nur Bedeir|We should learn from flowers, earthly stars which spend their entire lives shining, shining and growing despite all the difficulties they encounter. They know how to listen and understand the whispers of time, for it is an eternal friend that teaches the importance of friendship and sparkling hope.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Yes, the brutalities of progress are called revolutions. When they are over, this is recognised: that the human race has been harshly treated, but that it has advanced.
Gore Vidal|I think bad politics are incredibly dangerous, so it's important to make sure that people are communicating well. Culture and morale are super important. It's best to not force it, but let it happen organically and genuinely.
Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic|In fact the Gods were as puzzled by all this as the wizards were, but they were powerless to do anything and in any case were engaged in an eons-old battle with the Ice Giants, who had refused to return the lawnmower.
Nora Roberts, Angels Fall|Well, I'd have more zing with George Clooney and Harrison Ford in a threesome, but neither of us are going to get that wish.
Jalaluddin Rumi|When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy.
Kenya Wright, Fire Baptized|Maybe we'll have vampire prom."He shot me an appalled look. "What is this, Twilight?
Dan Simmons, Hyperion|Prison always has been a good place for writers, killing, as it does, the twin demons of mobility and diversion
Lorrie Moore, Who Will Run the Frog Hospital?|I was Baptist and had always prayed, in a damp squint, for things not to happen. Sils was a Catholic, and so she prayed for things to happen, for things to come true. She prayed for love here and now. I prayed for no guns.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh|Witch' is just a religion, okay? No baby-sacrificing, no Black Masses, no sending imps out to scare the dog-snot out of kids, trying to make them think they're crazy. We don't do things like that. Our number-one law is 'Have fun in this lifetime, but don't hurt anybody.'Nice little paraphrase of "An it harm none, do as ye will" if I do say so myself.
Bernice Morgan|Work, he tells them one night, is a kind of prayer.
Domonique Bertolucci|Be generous with yourtime and energy. The harderit is to give, the morethe other person deserves it.
Holly Lisle, Hunting the Corrigan's Blood|It makes Brooke feel strange in her stomach. It is like the feeling when she reads a book like the one about the man with the bomb, or thinks a sentence, just any old sentence like: the girl ran across the park, and unless you add the describing word then the man or the girl are definitely not black, they are white, even though no one has mentioned white, like when you take the the out of a headline and people just assume it's there anyway. Though if it were a sentence about Brooke herself you'd have to add the equivalent describing word and that's how you'd know. The black girl ran across the park.
Robert Hughes, The Shock of the New|In a pocket of his knapsack he'd found a last half packet of cocoa and he fixed it for the boy and then poured his own cup with hot water and sat blowing at the rim.You promised not to do that, the boy said.What?You know what, Papa.He poured the hot water back into the pan and took the boy's cup and poured some of the cocoa into his own and then handed it back.I have to watch you all the time, the boy said.
William Shakespeare|Hatred, like a bush fire, ultimately consumes those who propagate it, leaving nothing but scorched, barren earth behind in their hearts. Love, the greatest of reckless endeavours, inspires men to greatness in the face of seemingly insurmountable odds... Maybe this book is just that, a reckless endeavour of the heart.
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|Perhaps if you know you are insane then you are not insane. Or you are becoming sane, finally.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|When you are unemployed, weekends are seven days long.
Arnold Schwarzenegger|Instead of a national curriculum for education, what is really needed is an individual curriculum for every child.
Bharati Mukherjee|They say that what doesn't kill you makes you stronger and I've learnt a great deal, but you can never predict the future, so the best thing is just to do whatever you're asked to do to the best of your ability.
Peter Rollins, The Idolatry of God: Breaking the Addiction to Certainty and Satisfaction|Sometimes people graduate but they don't leave. They hang around for years, for no reason. I would think of ghosts like that, I decided.
T.H. White|Sometimes it seems safer to have just enough God to get to heaven, but not so much that he radically alters our lives.
Chris Mentillo|During my tenure at Bradford College, located in Haverhill Massachusetts - Assemblies of God, and Northpoint Bible College had not yet taken over. The school was very prestigious and expensive, but was worth every penny spent, and left me with an experience of which I shall indeed never forget. I say this for a couple of reasons. First, my degree major was in creative arts (creative writing) and psychology as my minor. Later in life, I was able to use my degree to become an award-winning, and best-selling horror author, and producer. Something by the way for which I am very proud of today. I truly owe this all from what I learned at this remarkable school.""So indeed I have great things to speak of when harping back to my Bradford college days. In addition, I was also able to make wonderful connections with many famous people who's sons and daughters attended this school. One of my roommates was David Charles who is Bob Charle's son. Bob Charles was a famous professional golfer." "To date, pondering on my college days spent at Bradford College has given me an appreciation for which I am very grateful for. I wanted to say, "thank you" for being part of the reason why I have prospered." "I am a proud graduate of Bradford, and all others whom also attended should also be more than proud of their attendance there. Thank you again, and God Bless you. one of my other roommates was Japanese chap, and his father was some kind of high political ruler of the country at the time. Thinking back on all this makes me proud of having been affiliated with Bradford College. Thank you.
Helen Macdonald, H is for Hawk|At age four I was a camera. I took pictures with my eyes. I framed my photo within my vision and blinked my eyes to snap the shutter of my memory. Since that time, I've been impersonating inanimate objects at every opportunity.
Thomas  Gordon|1 Minute Wisdom: Rethink Your Mindset because how you view, filter, interpret and automatically give meaning your experiences; is what you'll believe them to be.
Erik Pevernagie|We may wonder what is going on in the back of the mind and what betides in the mood of some people who live on the edge of isolation and emotional poverty. They belong to life’s outcasts: deserted by affection, deprived of physical or lingual contact and finally reduced to silence. ("Why didn't he ask ? ")
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|The older I grow and the more I abandon myself to God's will, the lessI value intelligence that wants to know and will that wants to do; andas the only element of salvation I recognize faith, which can wait patiently,without asking too many questions.
