P.C. Cast|Damien has died and gone straight to gay boy heaven,' Shaunee said...
Debasish Mridha|The more you get lost in love, the more love you will find to enjoy and appreciate.
Walter Mosley, When the Thrill Is Gone|Blood may be thicker than water, but family has them both beat.
Phil Robertson|Although oyster mushrooms have been studied extensively and support health in a number of ways, it is also extremely important to always cook oyster mushrooms!
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|Then he asked if I didn’t like things changing. And I said I wouldn’t mind things changing if I became an astronaut, for example, which is one of the biggest changes you can imagine, apart from becoming a girl or dying.
Jane Austen, Emma|but a sanguine temper, though for ever expecting more good than occurs, does not always pay for its hopes by any proportionate depression. it soon flies over the present failure, and begins to hope again.
Fakeer Ishavardas|I had an enemy - myself. Getting rid of the ego-self, in came the Self. Now, here, there, everywhere is nothing else. Just One Self.
Jacqueline Francis - The Journal|It took me a long time and a lot of heartache to realize that just because you love someone, doesn’t mean they deserve it.
Anonymous|He has one in a million chance of being with her, yet he dreams about that single chance every night.
Keith A. Mathison, Postmillennialism|Finally, it is wrong to say that "nothing" is more basic to the identity of the church than suffering. Nothing is more basic to the identity of the institutional church than the preaching of the gospel, the correct administration of the sacraments, and the worship of God in Spirit and in truth (Westminster Confession of Faith, 25.4). Nothing is more basic to the identity of the individual Christian than faith, hope, obedience, and love, the fruit of the Spirit (cf. 1 Cor. 13:4-13; Gal. 5:22-24; 1 John 2:3; 3:10, 24; 4:7-21; 5:1-3).
Dennis Prager, Think a Second Time|If [a man] spent his money, say, in giving parties for his friends, they (we may hope) would get pleasure, and so would all those upon whom he spent money, such as the butcher, the baker, and the bootlegger. But if he spends it (let us say) upon laying down rails for surface cars in some place where surface cars turn out not to be wanted, he has diverted a mass of labor into channels where it gives pleasure to no one. Nevertheless, when he becomes poor through failure of his investment he will be regarded as a victim of undeserved misfortune, whereas the gay spendthrift, who has spent his money philanthropically, will be despised as a fool and a frivolous person.
Elora Bishop, Braided: A Lesbian Rapunzel|It's in my blood, as magic is in yours." His mouth is still smiling, but his tone is somber. "I couldn't stop writing even if I wanted to.
Kathryn Minshew|Perfect heroes are cool, but no one can really empathize or identify with them.
Kele Moon, Finding Eden|S and M is only the expression in the bedroom of an oppressive-submissive relation which can happen also in the kitchen or at the factory, can happen between people of any gender. There is obviously something titillating about these relationships, but it isn't the sexual components that makes them ugly, they're uglier elsewhere. Nothing sexual is depraved. Only cruelty is depraved, and that's another matter.
Kōji Suzuki, Spiral|There was no more meaningless phrase in all of language than "Cheer up!" The only way to get someone to cheer up was to help them forget, and saying "cheer up" had quite the opposite effect, only reminding the person why he or she was depressed in the first place.
Mary DeTurris Poust, Cravings: A Catholic Wrestles with Food, Self-Image, and God|Sherrie would be there, and the last time I’d seen her at a social event she burst into tears when she saw me and ran out of the room. You’re upset, I’d yelled after her, meanly.
Dean Karnazes|We knew not where we were going. We only knew that we must run, run to the end of the world, run to the end of our days.
Jacqueline Winspear, Messenger of Truth|She closed her eyes, silently continuing the pleas that she be given words that might soothe, words that would begin the healing of bereaved parents. She had seen, when she entered the kitchen, the chasm of sorrow that divided man and wife already, each deep in their own wretched suffering, neither knowing what to say to the other. She knew that to begin to talk about what had happened was a key to acknowledging their loss, and that such acceptance would in turn be a means to enduring the days and months ahead.
Betty Buckley|Democracy not only requires equality but also an unshakable conviction in the value of each person, who is then equal.
Hillary Clinton|In politics, as in religion, it is equally absurd to aim at making proselytes by fire and sword. Heresies in either can rarely be cured by persecution.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Without continuous encouragement, we may give up.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Let us not fear our wild thoughts for they can give rise to wondrous contemplation, creative endeavour, life changing ideas, momentous bliss.
Saffron A. Kent, The Unrequited|I’m his puppet and he is my invisible master, holding my strings from miles away.
Shayana K.|If got chance, 90% of married women in this world possess the power to manage home, child and career simultaneously, and many are still doing it. The challenge here is that what percent of married men has the will to say - I will help you out.
Jodi Picoult, Plain Truth|The English judged a person so that they'd be justified in casting her out. The Amish judged a person so that they'd be justified in welcoming her back. Where I'm from, if someone is accused of sinning, it's not so that others can place blame. It's so that the person can make amends and move on.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Being poor in the Spirit means you are humble, gentle, meek, God-fearing,kind and exhibit the fruits of the Spirit but being Spiritually poor is lacking in every thing that pertains to life and godliness.
H. Norman Wright|Do you wonder that I avow this to you? Know, that in the course of your future life you will often find yourself elected the involuntary confidant of your acquaintances' secrets: people will instinctively find out, as I have done, that it is not your forte to tell of yourself, but to listen while others talk of themselves; they will feel, too, that you listen with no malevolent scorn of their indiscretion, but with a kind of innate sympathy; not the less comforting and encouraging because it is very unobtrusive in its manifestations.""How do you know? -- how can you guess all this, sir?""I know it well; therefore I proceed almost as freely as if I were writing my thoughts in a diary.
Melissa Rosenberg|Does anyone want to see a person who's making the money that the newspapers say I'm making complaining, 'Woe is me, my life is terrible, and people are being unfair?' No one would've had any patience for that. I wouldn't have any patience for that.
Jonathan Haidt, The Righteous Mind: Why Good People are Divided by Politics and Religion|When strangers meet, great allowances should be made for differences in custom and training.
Joe Abercrombie, Last Argument of Kings|Bang! The end of his little finger, now, and three more pieces of the rest. His middle finger was down to the knuckle, almost. Severard stared, his eyes with with horror, his breath coming short, fast gasps. Shock, amazement, stunned terror. Glokta leaned down to his ear. 'I hope you weren't planning to take up the violin, Severard. You'll be lucky if you can play a fucking gong by the time we're done here.
Gabriel Dibble|Passion is good, but Pros have purpose and realism.
Sofia Samatar, A Stranger in Olondria|But preserve your mistrust of the page, for a book is a fortress, a place of weeping, the key to a desert, a river that has no bridge, a garden of spears.
Justina Chen, North of Beautiful|Can you play the piano like Beethoven? Or sing like Carly Simon? Can you take fie pages' worth of quotes and turn them into a usable story ten minutes before deadline? I don't think so, unless you have more hidden talents I don't know about. We all have our special sills. They don't make us better or worse than each other. Just different
Judy Balan, Sophie Says|Who decided it's a phobia in the first place? What if I just don't want to get married ever. Just like I don't want to live in Jharkhand ever. Somehow I can say that as loud as I want and as many times as I want, yet nobody will ask me to see the shrink about my Jharkhand phobia. Why?
Alaina Stanford, Forbidden Quest|I'm going to be a fairy.” Sarah announced, studying her file."What a surprise.” Nicole mumbled, closing the door.
Rachel Aaron, The Spirit Thief|First rule of thievery,' Eli said, grinning, 'only run if you're not coming back.' (...) 'First rule of thievery, never use the same entrance twice.' Miranda rolled her eyes. 'How many 'first rules' of thievery do you have?' 'When one mistake can mean your head on a pike, every rule's a first rule,' Eli said cheerfully.
Robert Pogue Harrison, The Dominion of the Dead|If nothing else, a house is a place to keep books in.
Sylvia Plath|When I say I must write, I don't mean I must publish. There is a great difference. the important thing is the chaotic form given to my chaotic experience, which is, as it was for James Joyce, my kind of religion, and necessary for me...as the confession and absolution for a Catholic in church.
Guy P. Harrison|Why do many believers insist on repeatedly pointing to the crimes of 20th century dictators who led officially atheistic societies as some sort of evidence of their god's existence? It makes no sense.If the rivers of blood on Stalin's hands and Mao's hands, for example, are supposed to prove there is a god, then what do the oceans of blood on the hands of several thousand years' worth of religious kings, queens, presidents, popes, priests, generals, Crusadersm jihadists and tribal chiefs prove? It's not, of course, but if bodycount is somehow the measure of a god's likelihood of existence, then believers lose.It is clear that humans are quite capable of killing with or without images of gods bouncing around in their heads. If anything, however, history suggests that the concept of gods makes the idea of massacring your fellow man (and women and children, too, of course) a lot easier to act upon.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Our professional competence and pride should rest not alone in our possession of knowledge but as well in our ability to communicate it. Of course we shall carry on our research, and of course we shall applaud the colleague who 'produces,' but we shan't be happy if he offers that as a substitute for inspiring young people with a desire for knowledge, a sense of taste, and a regard for virtue.
Michael Foley, The Age Of Absurdity: Why Modern Life Makes It Hard To Be Happy|The 1970s was the decade of liberation, of anger at injustice and demands for recognition and rights. But over time, the demand for specific rights degraded into a generalized sense of entitlement, the demand for specific recognition into a generalized demand for attention and the anger at specific injustice into a generalized feeling of grievance and resentment. The result is a culture of entitlement, attention-seeking and complaint.
Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment|See if you can catch yourself complaining, in either speech or thought, about a situation you find yourself in, what other people do or say, your surroundings, your life situation, even the weather. To complain is always nonacceptance of what is. It invariably carries an unconscious negative charge. When you complain, you make yourself into a victim. When you speak out, you are in your power. So change the situation by taking action or by speaking out if necessary or possible; leave the situation or accept it. All else is madness.
David McCullough, The Greater Journey: Americans in Paris|We who are residing in a foreign country, away from the immediate scene of action, perhaps can feel more deeply than those at home the evil effects of the present distracted condition of our country.
Sun Yat-sen|When I was an adolescent in England, at school we had to read 'Death of a Salesman.' I remember feeling incredibly moved by the portrayal of these people and the idea with which Miller broached the whole subject of failure or failed systems, or the way that people are crushed by a system in which they find themselves.
Deborah Wilde, The Unlikeable Demon Hunter|The idea that you are not good enough and that people will not like you is something that has been ingrained into your mind over many years. You have hundreds of experiences that you can call up as evidence of the fact that people will not like you -- and that things will not turn out well. These ideas are incredibly convincing. They compel us to hesitate, to shy away, and to avoid the situations -- and people -- that we find frightening. This sets up a reinforcing cycle, where we avoid reaching out, don't get good responses from others as a result, and then gain further evidence that we are not worthy. In order to truly overcome your social anxiety at a deep, gut level, you must repeatedly take bold action. It is only through trying something new, and with a different perspective, that you learn to see the world and the people around you in a different light.
Tamara Hughes, His Pirate Seductress|She laughed, and the sound pierced his heart.
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|Instead of spending your dear energy on hating enemies, Utilize this energy to love your friends a little harder truly.[229]	- 4 (Thoughts)
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We ought to love, encourage and support each other.
Emily Rodda, The Forests of Silence|Rover did not know in the least where the moon's path led to, and at present he was much too frightened and excited to ask, and anyway he was beginning to get used to extraordinary things happening to him.
Assata Shakur, Assata: An Autobiography|Leaders who do not act dialogically, but insist on imposing their decisions, do not organize the people--they manipulate them. They do not liberate, nor are they liberated: they oppress.
Lois Mowday Rabey, Snare: Understanding Emotional and Sexual Entanglements|Those who devote themselves to the study of Sacred Scripture should always remember that the various hermeneutical approaches have their own philosophical underpinnings, which need to be carefully evaluated before they are applied to the sacred texts.
Jule Warner|Isn't it a good thing we don't know everything? If we did, we wouldn't have a reason to have curiosity, and curiosity is like imagination, taking us back to the time when we were just children in our own fantasylands.
Robin Bielman, Risky Surrender|Then Ben’s mouth descended again and her thoughts, as fickle as tiny fish, swam out of her head. Gentle brushes of his lips turned into more insistent strokes of his mouth. Sexually frustrated widow or not, there was little doubt the man could kiss her into a melted puddle of goo.
Gene Wolfe, The Shadow of the Torturer|Master Palaemon's hand, dry and wrinkled as a mummy's, groped until it found mine. "Among the initiates of religion it is said, 'You are an epopt always.' The reference is not only to knowledge but to their chrism, whose mark, being invisible, is ineradicable. You know our chrism."I nodded again."Less even than theirs can it be washed away. Should you leave now, men will only say, 'He was nurtured by the torturers.' But when you have been anointed they will say, 'He is a torturer.' You may follow the plow or the drum, but still you will hear, 'He is a torturer.' Do you understand that?
Lailah Gifty Akita|There comes a sacred moment, when a man must cry out to his Saviour, this is time of surrender to the son of Man.
Debi Thomas|We all keep dreaming, and luckily, dreams come true.
Steven M. Greer|Of all the problems which will have to be faced in the future, in my opinion, the most difficult will be those concerning the treatment of the inferior races of mankind.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|An attempt is sometimes made to demonstrate the desirability of measures directed against speculation by reference to the fact that there are times when there is nobody in opposition to the bears in the foreign-exchange market so that they alone are able to determine the rate of exchange. That, of course, is not correct. Yet it must be noticed that speculation has a peculiar effect in the case of a currency whose progressive depreciation is to be expected while it is impossible to foresee when the depreciation will stop, if at all. While, in general, speculation reduces the gap between the highest and lowest prices without altering the average price-level, here, where the movement will presumably continue in the same direction, this naturally can not be the case. The effect of speculation here is to permit the fluctuation, which would otherwise proceed more uniformly, to proceed by fits and starts with the interposition of pauses.
Diane Ackerman, A Natural History of Love|When I set a glass prism on a windowsill and allow the sun to flood through it, a spectrum of colors dances on the floor. What we call "white" is a rainbow of colored rays packed into a small space. The prism sets them free. Love is the white light of emotion.
Caleb Carr, The Angel of Darkness|She has that quality, does the Hudson, as I imagine all great rivers do: the deep, abiding sense that those activities what take place on shore among human beings are of the moment, passing, and aren't the stories by way of which the greater tale of this planet will, in the end, be told.
Richelle Mead, Succubus Heat|I don't care," said Seth. "I would have done it. I would have sold my soul for you. You and me...I told you. Something's always going to keep us near each other...even if we aren't together.
Andrew Wilson, Patricia Highsmith, Ζωή στο σκοτάδι|The artistic life is a long and lovely suicide precisely because it involves the negation of self; as Highsmith imagined herself as her characters, so Ripley takes on the personae of others and in doing so metamorphoses himself into a 'living' work of art. A return to the 'real life' after a period of creativity resulted in a fall in spirits, an agony Highsmith felt acutely. She voiced this pain in the novel via Bernard's quotation of an excerpt from Derwatt's notebook: 'There is no depression for the artist except that caused by a return to the self'.
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|Books required no interchanges of thoughts and feelings, no trading of expectations, no traffic of words, no menace of real loss. Reading books required far less energy than reading people; the pages seldom disappointed him and they never died.
Willam Law|He cupped my face in his hands and wiped my tears with his thumbs."Better?""Yes."He looked into my eyes and said, "I'll never leave you alone, Anna. Not if I can help it.
Samuel Johnson, The Life of Samuel Johnson, Vol 2|I’m not comfortable in this stadium,” I explained, trying to look calm.“I know. And you hate Fang looking at those girls. But we’re still havingfun, and Fang still loves you, and you’ll still save the world. Okay?
Donalyn Miller, The Book Whisperer: Awakening the Inner Reader in Every Child|Now the choices you make are not about finding your path. Rather, they are choices to open the path you have found.
Ashton Kutcher|You know, I think that romance sort of coincides with effort, so you can fall flat on your face, but as long as you're making a great effort, I think it comes off as romantic.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Treasure Island|As my future crumbled before my eyes, I grasped for the rope. My entire life's struggle was ending here, in plain view of my enemies. How was it possible? Had had I let things come to this?
Katherine Dunn|My dad was a roofer when I was young. I believe he owned his own roofing company in Florida. And then he fell through a roof, broke his back. Permanently. I mean, he's not paralyzed or anything, but he's had to deal with pain for all of his life since then.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Challenge yourself today, to improve, for a better tomorrow than yesterday.
Yulia Tymoshenko|There are divers men who make a great show of loyalty, and pretend to such discretion in the hidden things they hear, that at the end folk come to put faith in them.
Edger Allen Poe|Do what we will, we are alone. The sooner we learn that, the better; and the more we are fit to be alone with ourselves, the more we are respectful to the individuality of others, and therefore the more we are fit to associate with our kind. This was a paradox she would have to learn for ourselves.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Failure is your best asset, complacency is your worst liability, and talent is your greatest capital.
Karen Armstrong, The Case for God|History proves beyond any possibility of doubt that no religion has ever given a stimulus to scientific progress comparable to that of Islam. The encouragement which learning and scientific research received from Islamic theology resulted in the splendid cultural achievements in the days of the Umayyads and Abbasids and the Arab rule in Sicily and Spain. I do not mention this in order that we might boast of those glorious memories at a time when the Islamic world has forsaken its own traditions and reverted to spiritual blindness and intellectual poverty. We have no right, in our present misery, to boast of past glories. But we must realize that it was the negligence of the Muslims and not any deficiency in the teachings of Islam that caused our present decay. Islam has never been a barrier to progress and science. It appreciates the intellectual activities of man to such a degree as to place him above the angels. No other religion ever went so far in asserting the dominance of reason and, consequently, of learning, above all other manifestations of human life.
Mehek Bassi|It’s funny, how for an entire lifetime we keep thinking ‘How’ will our life-partner look like, how will he be? How will he react to a particular situation? How will he get angry, and how will we love and pamper him? We have so many questions like if he will accept me the way I am? Or if I have to change for him? We all have made plans for our future, subconsciously. We don’t exactly plan out everything with a pen and paper, it’s something that happens automatically, just like an involuntary action. Whenever we are alone and our mood is good, we usually think about our life with our partner. The days and nights in his arms, and the time that we will reserve for him.But when all that turns into reality, it’s strikingly different. Everything that you thought, seems to be a joke, and life laughs at you from a distance! You are helpless and can’t do anything about it, but have to accept it the way it is. You are totally caught into a web of dilemmas and problems before you realize that this is the time you waited for, and that this is the time you dreamt about! You have to make efforts, compromises, sacrifices and you have to change yourselves too sometimes to make things work.You can never expect to get a partner exactly the way you thought or dreamt about. It’s always different in reality and it’s always tough to make both ends meet for a relationship to work, but you have to! It’s your relationship, if you won’t work for it, who else will?
Farzana Zahid, The Prince and The Fairy|When two hearts believe, love makes things possible.
John Madden|So never give in,” continued the girl, and restated again and again the vague yet convincing plea that the Invisible lodges against the Visible. Her excitement grew as she tried to cut the rope that fastened Leonard to the earth. Woven of bitter experience, it resisted her. Presently the waitress entered and gave her a letter from Margaret. Another note, addressed to Leonard, was inside. They read them, listening to the murmurings of the river.
Alan Dershowitz|America stood at the summit of power, emerging from the Cold War as an economic, cultural and military force without equal.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|I am a fan of overdoing something, but not running it into the ground. They are complete opposites with only a fine line separating them.
Tina Packer, Women of Will: Following the Feminine in Shakespeare's Plays|[Talking about Othello] His dying words are about the service he has done to the state -not what he has done to Desdemona. (...) He acknowledges not love but the power structure (...). Othello believes his fellow officer [Iago] rather than his wife, believes death is suitable punishment for infidelity (...).It makes me uneasy that we so easily state that Othello is a play about race. Race is one of its ingredients, but the most pervasive subject that Shakespeare is tackling is sexism. The two women [Desdemona and Emilia, Iago's wife] end up dead. Bianca, the third woman in the play, Cassio's mistress, ends up in jail for something she never did, and nobody bothers to get her out. Iago, the symbol of evil, remains alive. Brabantio, Desdemona's father, dies of a broken heart because of his daughter's disobedience. And everyone is very regretful about what has happened. But no one, other than Emilia, has pointed out that there is a terrible double standard, something rotten in the system itself.
Raymond Chandler, The Big Sleep|Being a copper I like to see the law win. I'd like to see the flashy well-dressed mugs like Eddie Mars spoiling their manicures in the rock quarry at Folsom, alongside of the poor little slum-bred guys that got knocked over on their first caper amd never had a break since. That's what I'd like. You and me both lived too long to think I'm likely to see it happen. Not in this town, not in any town half this size, in any part of this wide, green and beautiful U.S.A. We just don't run our country that way.
Sweden Reese, The Southern Gentleman: Protective Instinct|Anticipation is foreplay, and...pain is the purest form of pleasure
Brother Andrew, God's Smuggler|...once again I saw that incredulous question, that dawning hope: We are not alone, then? We have brothers in other places? We have friends we never knew?
Victor Borge|I normally don't do requests. Unless, of course, I have been asked to do so.
John Taliaferro, All the Great Prizes : The Life of John Hay, from Lincoln to Roosevelt|I like to introduce myself, because THEN I can get in all the facts." The usually self-deprecating John Hay on the ironic formality of signing his own commission as Secretary of State.
The Sinking of the Titanic and Great Sea Disasters|The honourable are moved, by the nobility of another's sacrifice. The wicked are moved only by causing it.
Christina Rasmussen, Second Firsts Live Laugh and Love Again|I have lived in the shadow of loss—the kind of loss that can paralyze you forever.I have grieved like a professional mourner—in every waking moment, draining every ounce of my life force.I died—without leaving my body.But I came back, and now it’s your turn.I have learned to remember my past—without living in it.I am strong, electric, and alive, because I chose to dance, to laugh, to love, and tolive again.I have learned that you can’t re-create the life you once had—you have toreinvent a life for yourself.And that reinvention is a gift, not a curse.I believe your future self is a work of art and that science can help you create it. If you’re lost . . . if you’re gone . . . if you can barely absorb the words on thispage . . . I want you to hold this truth in your heart: when it’s your time to go, you won’t wish you had spent more time grieving; you’ll wish you had spent more time living.That’s why I’m here. And why you are, too. Let’s live like our lives depend on it.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|September suddenly realized something. "But Ell, Orrery begins with O! How can you know so much about it?"The Wyverary soared high, his neck stretching into a long red ribbon, full of words and pies and relief and flying."I'm growing up!" he cried.
Nicholas A. McGirr|Happiness does not come in large incomes or the most exotic home, it comes in small doses of a great self esteem which can be built upon the strengths of an individual.
Belsebuub, Gazing into the Eternal: Reflections upon a Deeper Purpose to Living|Each person is a speck of consciousness that is attempting to awaken and return to its point of origin, to the source. That is life’s true journey and story.
Tony Bennett|I grew up doing all that stuff because I was obsessed with the '50s. I had sock hops for birthday parties. So I've always done The Twist and stuff. It was pretty natural and, with my parents doing it all the time, I'd just copy them. Not very pretty.
Sara Niles, Torn From the Inside Out|My childhood was one of both poverty and plenty, suffering and joy. I was taken out of poverty, both financial and emotional, and lavished with love. I was given a gift I could never repay if I lived a thousand lifetimes, it was the gift of hope and trust, given to me by my uncle who believed in me so strongly that I began to believe in myself.
Hans Jürgen Eysenck, Intelligence: A New Look|I had become too accustomed to the pseudo-Left new style, whereby if your opponent thought he had identified your lowest possible motive, he was quite certain that he had isolated the only real one. This vulgar method, which is now the norm and the standard in much non-Left journalism as well, is designed to have the effect of making any noisy moron into a master analyst.
Chris Daughtry|I read a lot; fiction and non-fiction are the mediums I find most edifying and inspiring. I watch movies and listen to music and take lots and lots of walks. Nature is a nice reset button for me, it's how I get a lot of thinking done.
Anthony Liccione|A friend is the wax that keeps the flame lit, an enemy is the wind that blows it out.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|The further you go, the more you have to be proud of. At the same time, in order to come a long way, you have to be behind to begin with. IN the end, though maybe it's not how you reach a place that matters. Just that you get there at all.
John D. Barrow, The Constants of Nature: The Numbers That Encode the Deepest Secrets of the Universe|While we have very serious problems with the universe, it is most illogical and most stupid to make wars among ourselves! Let there be peace on earth so that we can fight with the real enemy: The ever-changing unreliable universe!
Patricia Troyer, Reconnecting and Tuning In: Recognizing Pure Intuition|Last chance to success is right before your last breath, when you sign away your will. Have patience to declare it as 'the last chance
Nancy Horan, Loving Frank|It's wonderful to feel desired. There's a sense of power in it, really.
Susan Juby, The Truth Commission|At least as coherent as the Gettysburg Address backwards in Albanian, anyway.
Marilynne Robinson|There are so many works of the mind, so much humanity, that to disburden ourselves of ourselves is an understandable temptation. Open a book and a voice speaks. A world, more or less alien or welcoming, emerges to enrich a reader's store of hypotheses about how life is to be understood. As with scientific hypotheses, even failure is meaningful, a test of the boundaries of credibility. So many voices, so many worlds, we can weary of them. If there were only one human query to be heard in the universe, and it was only the sort of thing we were always inclined to wonder about--Where did all this come from? or, Why could we never refrain from war?--we would hear in it a beauty that would overwhelm us. So frail a sound, so brave, so deeply inflected by the burden of thought, that we would ask, Whose voice is this? We would feel a barely tolerable loneliness, hers and ours. And if there were another hearer, not one of us, how starkly that hearer would apprehend what we are and were.
John Irving, A Widow for One Year|It galls me that seeking out the seedy, the sordid, the sexual, and the deviant is the expected (if not altogether acceptable) behavior of male writers; it would surely benefit me, as a writer, if I had the courage to seek out more of the seedy, the sordid, the sexual, and the deviant myself. But women who seek out such things are made to feel ashamed, or else they sound stridently ridiculous in defending themselves -- as if they're bragging. ... Yet there are subjects that remain off-limits for women writers. It's not unlike that dichotomy which exists regarding one's sexual past: it is permissible, even attractive, for a man to have had one, but if a woman has had a sexual past, she'd better keep quiet about it.
Vladimir Putin|I wouldn't dream of watching motor racing, cycling, or golf - which aren't truly sports anyway.
Baba Kalyani|From an operational perspective, exports challenge companies to design, develop, manufacture and supply products to discerning customers in global markets. This, in turn, motivates companies to scale up the value chain, which results in higher realisations.
Barton Gellman|Enclosed by a sand berm four miles around and 160 feet high, the Baghdad Nuclear Research Facility entombs what remains of reactors bombed by Israel in 1981 and the United States in 1991. It has stored industrial and medical wastes, along with spent reactor fuel.
James Rozoff, Stories Light And Dark: Ten Short Stories|When you strive to possess, there is always a reward waiting for you both in heaven and on earth.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|Build a heterogeneous team to close three gaps in innovation management - idea gaps, collaboration gaps, and implementation gaps
Jon Ronson, So You've Been Publicly Shamed|I favour humans over ideology, but right now the ideologues are winning, and they're creating a stage for constant artificial high dramas, where everyone is either a magnificent hero or a sickening villain. We can lead good, ethical lives, but some bad phraseology in a Tweet can overwhelm it all - even though we know that's not how we should define our fellow humans. What's true about our fellow humans is that we are clever and stupid. We are grey areas.And so ... when you see an unfair or an ambiguous shaming unfold, speak up on behalf of the shamed person. A babble of opposing voices - that's democracy.The great thing about social media was how it gave a voice to voiceless people. Let's not turn it into a world where the smartest way to survive is to go back to being voiceless.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|If it was my business, I wouldn't talk about it. It is very vulgar to talk about one's business. Only people like stockbroker's do that, and then merely at dinner parties.
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|Oh, thank the gods. Now I can talk to someone about clothes without being asked how so-and-so would approve of it, or gobble down a box of chocolates without someone telling me I’d better watch my figure—tell me you like chocolates. You do, right? I remember stealing a box from your room once when you were out killing someone. They were delicious.” Aelin waved a hand toward the boxes of goodies on the table. “You brought chocolate—as far as I’m concerned, you’re my new favorite person.
Victor Hugo, Ninety-Three|I am grateful for the rare opportunities to look at my circumstances from a higher perspective, one detached from the dim outlook I normally insist on seeing. These periodic glimpses show me life's grandeur.
Jack Ma|The five steps in teaching an employee new skills are preparation, explanation, showing, observation and supervision.
Neil Livingstone|Chernobyl, an accident or the most successful anti-Marxist attack in recorded history?
Adlai E. Stevenson|The country is filled with energetic and enterprising men, rendered desperate by being reduced from affluence to poverty through the vicissitudes of the times. They will give an impulse to smuggling unknown to the country heretofore.
James Whistler|I love the fact that so many of my readers are intelligent, exceptional, accomplished people with an open-minded love of diversity. But even more than that, I love it when my readers find lasting friendship with others of my readers - knowing that they met through their mutual affection for my books and characters makes me happy!
Virginia McKevitt, The Hunted|As for peace, it was never free and laws were made to be broken. Peacemaker or lawbreaker, someone, somewhere always paid the price no matter what side of the words they were on.
David Levithan, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|I wish I could remember the moment when I was a kid and I discovered that the letters linked into words, and that the words linked to real things. What a revelation that must have been. We don't have the words for it, since we hadn't yet learned the words. It must have been astonishing, to be given the key to the kingdom and see it turn in our hands so easily.
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|Blue was perfectly aware that it was possible to have a friendship that wasn't all-encompassing, that wasn't blinding, deafening, maddening, quickening. It was just that now that she'd had this kind, she didn't want another.
Madeleine L'Engle, Bright Evening Star: Mystery of the Incarnation|I loved him in a way I doubt I will ever love another man, and I know that because I’ve hated him more than I’ve ever hated anyone before. Hate is a product of failed love only when you can’t find it in you to let go. And you know what? I fucking hate him because I love him.
Michelle Rowen, Fanged & Fabulous|Do I feel ancient to you now?" he murmered. "Too different from the person you loved before you knew this?" Her eyes were already glowing green, and her full lips parted. "No, you don't feel too ancient." Her voice was husky. "Or too different. You feel like mine. Whoever you were, whoever you are...you're mine." Mencheres smiled, his fangs stretching to their full length. "So you have spoken, so it shall be decreed. For all eternity.
Kristy Cambron, The Illusionist's Apprentice|When we read tales of atrocity, we all want to be the one who stood firm, who would not bend, who shouted the truth in the face of the dictator.Vsevolod Meyerhold came as close as anyone to achieving this. It is important to know of the full horror of his sacrifice. It is easy for all to imagine we are heroes when we are sitting in our kitchens, dreaming of distant suffering.- Symphony for the City of the Dead: Dmitri Shostakovich and the Siege of Leningrad
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|I'm proud of you. You could have run away, but you didn't. That's what most of us do when we have to face a giant.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Book of Love: Poems of Ecstasy and Longing|I love you just the way you arebut you don't see you like I do.You shouldn't try so hard to be perfect.Trust me, perfect should try to be you.
Jenna Jameson, How to Make Love Like a Porn Star: A Cautionary Tale|I don't ever want to get old. Spare me that. Have you the power? No, even you don't have the power, alas.
Pope Benedict XVI|The human spirit is so utterly one with the body that the term "form" can be used of the body and retain its proper meaning. Conversely, the form of the body is spirit, and this is what makes the human being a person.
Rainbow Rowell|I once took the key off my girlfriend's key ring so that I could surprise her when she got home. So I did this whole romantic setup in our bedroom with flowers and rose petals. She was so mad when she got home, but then when she walked in, she was so surprised.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|If there were a master of stupidity in this world, I would really love to listen to his success story.
Gugu Mona|Don't be discouraged when people leave your life because you can still fulfill your God given purpose without them. Remember that your destiny is not tied to any human being, but in line with God's purpose.
Anna Lyndsey, Girl in the Dark|...There is a duty of solidarity among all us impossible, near-invisible people: a duty, out of sheer cussedness, not to disappear completely, simply to ease the conscience of the rest.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Poetry is inspired by the elements of random thoughts, an overflow of gazing at the unseen.
Cameron Dokey|A story is alive, as you and I are. It is rounded by muscle and sinew. Rushed with blood. Layered with skin, both rough and smooth. At its core lies soft marrow of hard, white bone. A story beats with the heart of every person who has ever strained ears to listen. On the breath of the storyteller, it soars. Until its images and deeds become so real you can see them in the air, shimmering like oases on the horizon line. A story can fly like a bee, so straight and swift you catch only the hum of its passing. Or move so slowly it seems motionless, curled in upon itself like a snake in the sun. It can vanish like smoke before the wind. Linger like perfume in the nose. Change with every telling, yet always remain the same.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible: Volume 1|When you lack the courage to publicly defend biblical truth, it is a clear testimony that you lack the Holy Spirit. The gift of the Holy Spirit is a gift of no fear.
Anihyr Moonstar|I suppose...my experience with organized faith of any stripe is somewhat stilted," Baisyl admitted. 'As far as my eyes have seen, it's a conglomeration of power-hungry men who self-appoint themselves the sole dictators of how others should live their lives in order to best please forces far beyond their control..
Percy Bysshe Shelley|Judaism boasts of no exclusive revelation of eternal truths that are indispensable to salvation, of no revealed religion in the sense in which that term is usually understood.
|A mind that opens its door to fears, doubts, grudges, jealousy and anger, compromises its peace in return.
John Lewis|Faith is the highest passion in a human being. Many in every generation may not come that far, but none comes further.
Abu al-Ala al-Ma'arri, Birds Through a Ceiling of Alabaster: Three Abbasid Poets|Hold tight to what is most yourself,Don't squander it, don't let your lifeBe governed by what disturbs you.
Stephen Covey|But early on I saw this: You are wasting time by suffering twice. I mention this only to show how many things the mind cannot will itself to do, even if it wants to.
Abdul'Rauf Hashmi|Find someone who will change your life, not just your relationship status.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|For some, putting in the time or work to be prepared and live deliberately is natural. For others? It’s work. However, as in the words of Thomas Jefferson, "If you want something you have never had, you must be willing to do something you have never done.
Enrique Iglesias|A friend is a beloved mystery; dearest always because he is not ourself, and has something in him which it is impossible for us to fathom. If it were not so, friendship would lose its chief zest.
Michael Holbrook, Sublimity's Treasure: A Tale of Peculiar Findings, Discovery, & Hope|When I got home, my roof was gone. Overnight the weight of the snow became too much to carry. What tipped the scale? Think about it: there must have been a final snowflake that did it, a fraction of a fraction of a fraction of a milligram that made all the difference.
Ally Carter, Only the Good Spy Young|You look disappointed to see me, Zach," Macey teased. "Don't you like my jacket?
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|As for us, we respect the past here and there, and we spare it, above all, provided that it consents to be dead. If it insists on being alive, we attack it, and we try to kill it.
Blaise Pascal, Pensées|Social mores, he argued, rules of protocol, concepts of rectitude and honor had no objective basis. They were only reflections of public and private fears.
Bernard Cornwell, Death of Kings|Men do not relish the shield wall. They do not rush to death's embrace. You look ahead and see the overlapping shields, the helmets, the glint of axes and spears and swords, and you know you must go into the reach of those blades, into the place of death, and it takes time to summon the courage, to heat the blood, to let the madness overtake caution.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|So what do you want?" asked Myrtle."I want to help evolution."Evolution did not fill Faith with the same horror her father had felt. Why should she weep to hear that nothing was set in stone? Everything could change. Everything could get better. Everything was getting better, inch by inch, so slowly that she could not see it, but knowing it gave her strength.
Carol Ann Duffy|I don't think I've ever read poetry, ever.
Will Rogers|I think that it [the Church] stands for everything most hostile to the mental emancipation and stimulation of mankind. It is the completest, most highly organized system of prejudices and antagonisms in existence. Everywhere in the world there are ignorance and prejudice, but the greatest complex of these, with the most extensive prestige and the most intimate entanglement with traditional institutions, is the Roman Catholic Church. It presents many faces towards the world, but everywhere it is systematic in its fight against freedom.
Monique DeVere, Sexiest Eye Candy|She wanted -- needed -- a McCall induced orgasm.And if he kept kissing her like she was the sexiest thing in the world, she might have one in the next half a minute.
Thisuri Wanniarachchi, COLOMBO STREETS|Today even the attitude of the Southern whites toward the blacks is not, as so many assume, in all cases the same; the ignorant Southerner hates the Negro, the workingmen fear his competition, the money-makers wish to use him as a laborer, some of the educated see a menace in his upward development, while others—usually the sons of the masters—wish to help him to rise.
Elizabeth Fama, Monstrous Beauty|I thought at first that she was just dead. Just darkness...I thought about the slow process of becoming bone and then fossil and then coal that will, in millions of years, be mined by humans of the future, and how they would heat their homes with her and then she would be smoke billowing out of a smokestack, coating the atmosphere. I still that think that, sometimes, maybe "the afterlife" is just something we made up to ease the pain of loss, to make our time in the labyrinth bearable. But ultimately I do not believe that she was only matter...I believe now that we are greater than the sum of our parts. If you take her genetic code and you add her life experiences and the relationships she had with people, and then you take the size and shape of her body, you do not get her. There is something else there entirely. There is a part of her greater than the sum of her knowable parts. And that part has to go somewhere, because it cannot be destroyed...energy is never created and never destroyed. We cannot be born and cannot die. Like all energy, we can only change shapes and sizes and manifestations... Thomas Edison's last words were: It's very beautiful over there." I don't know where there is, but I believe it's somewhere, and I hope it's beautiful.
Scott Walker|For students, understanding the separate and unique functions of each branch of government can help them understand how different kinds of government officials can help solve different kinds of problems.
Arthur Schopenhauer, The Basis of Morality|Boundless compassion for all living beings is the surest and most certain guarantee of pure moral conduct, and needs no casuistry. Whoever is filled with it will assuredly injure no one, do harm to no one, encroach on no man's rights; he will rather have regard for every one, forgive every one, help every one as far as he can, and all his actions will bear the stamp of justice and loving-kindness.
Dominic Riccitello|Who knows if you’re alive anymore, but better yet, who knows if I’m even alive anymore?
Chloe Thurlow, Snow Falls Softly|Love happens once – you get it or you lose it but be rest assured, you never come out of it.
Jean Vanier, Community And Growth|When people love each other, they are content with very little. When we have light and joy in our hearts, we don't need material wealth. The most loving communities are often the poorest. If our own life is luxurious and wasteful, we can't approach poor people. If we love people, we want to identify with them and share with them.
Charles Dickens|I can be fascinated with very little things. The clouds stimulate my imagination, and sometimes I just sit somewhere and go on dreaming for a long time. Your head is also a computer. When you're dreaming, you are simulating a world in which you are living.
Arika Okrent, In the Land of Invented Languages: Esperanto Rock Stars, Klingon Poets, Loglan Lovers, and the Mad Dreamers Who Tried to Build a Perfect Language|In a language as idiomatically stressed as English, opportunities for misreadings are bound to arise. By a mere backward movement of stress, a verb can become a noun, an act a thing. To refuse, to insist on saying no to what you believe is wrong, becomes at a stroke refuse, an insurmountable pile of garbage.
Bruce Lee|Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one
Terri Garey|Come what come may, time and the hour run through the roughest day.
Sherry A. Rogers, The High Blood Pressure Hoax|Food allergy is one of the least diagnosed and most prevalent causes of symptoms, especially depression.
Ben Edlund|Shepherd Book: What are we up to, sweetheart? River: Fixing your Bible. Book: I, um... What? River: Bible's broken. Contradictions, false logistics - doesn't make sense. Shepherd Book: No, no. You-you-you can't... River: So we'll integrate non-progressional evolution theory with God's creation of Eden. Eleven inherent metaphoric parallels already there. Eleven. Important number. Prime number. One goes into the house of eleven eleven times, but always comes out one. Noah's ark is a problem. Shepherd Book: Really? River: We'll have to call it early quantum state phenomenon. Only way to fit 5000 species of mammal on the same boat. Shepherd Book: River, you don't fix the Bible. River: It's broken. It doesn't make sense. Book: It's not about making sense. It's about believing in something, and letting that belief be real enough to change your life. It's about faith. You don't fix faith, River. It fixes you.
Linda W. Yezak|Action is the pulse of any good story, but the character is the heart. If the action has no consequence to the character, the story loses heart.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Happiness has only one colour: The Bright! The bright of red, the bright of green, the bright of any colour! Happiness is bright! It shines, it sparkles, it glints!
Kat Green, Strings|Luke, shut up. Yes, he could give me everything material," - she rested her hand over his heart - "but he couldn't give me this." She smiled at him, yet she was still tearful. "It wouldn't matter if you don't make another penny from music. We could be living in a cardboard box and begging, I don't care. I just want you, nothing else.""I love you so much it hurts," Luke whispered.
Jessi Klein, You'll Grow Out of It|Ma'am is yet another horrible-sounding word in the lexicon of words that women are stuck with to describe various aspects of their body/life/mental state/hair. Vagina. Moist. Fallopian tubes. Yeast infection. Clitoris. Frizz. These are all terrible words, and yet they are our assigned descriptors. Who made up these words? Women certainly didn't. If, at the beginning of time, right after making vaginas, God had asked me, 'What would you like your most intimate and enjoyable part of yourself to be called?',' I most certainly wouldn't have said, 'Vagina.' No woman would, because vagina sounds like a First World War term that was invented to describe a trench that has been mostly blown apart but is still in use. Even off the very top of my head I feel like I could have come up with something better, like for instance the word papoose, which actually as I'm typing it feels like an incredibly brilliant word for vagina.
Sarah Ruhl, Chekhov's Three Sisters & Woolf's Orlando|I half-expect to check out, but I'm really there for it. It's not like at the dance, angry and forced. It's terrible in its gentleness and he's just wasting it on me.
Laura Lam, Shadowplay|It doesn't matter if you do everything right, if you dress the right way and act the right way and follow all the rules, because evil will find you anyway. Evil's resourceful that way.
Charles Kingsley|There is nothing more wonderful than a book. It may be a message to us from the dead, from human souls we never saw who lived perhaps thousands of miles away, and yet these little sheets of paper speak to us, arouse us, teach us, open our hearts and in turn open their hearts to us like brothers. Without books, God is silent, justice dormant, philosophy lame.
J. Saman, Start Again|We run in silence, enjoying the sunrise over the ocean and I swear there are few things more beautiful than this. Pinks and purples and yellows fill the sky, bathing us in light. The salty breeze brushes my skin, sticking to my moistened flesh.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|That's coral!" she cried in astonishment. "We must be down in the deeps of the sea!"Well, wasn't that what you wanted?" said the trout. "I thought you wished you could see the sea!"I did," said Jane, looking very surprised. "But I never expected the wish to come true."Great oceans! Why bother to wish it then? I call that simply a waste of time. But come on! Mustn't be late for the party!
Andy Paula|A good man never makes excuses, a smart man is never in a position to need one.
C. JoyBell C.|Hold onto your innocence of heart, at all costs! Because it is the spark of deity that you are born with. Don’t let the trolls steal your divineness.
Phil 'Philosofree' Cheney|Imagination is tapping into the subconscious in a form of open play. That is why art or music therapy, which encourages a person to take up brushes and paint or an instrument, and just express themselves, is so powerful.
Marcel Proust, The Guermantes Way|Poets claim that we recapture for a moment the self that we were long ago when we enter some house or garden in which we used to live in our youth. But these are most hazardous pilgrimages, which end as often in disappointment as in success. It is in ourselves that we should rather seek to find those fixed places, contemporaneous with different years. And great fatigue followed by a good night's rest can to a certain extent help us to do so. For in order to make us descend into the most subterranean galleries of sleep, where no reflexion from overnight, no gleam of memory comes to light up the interior monologue—if the latter does not itself cease—fatigue followed by rest will so thoroughly turn over the soil and penetrate the bedrock of our bodies that we discover down there, where our muscles plunge and twist in their ramifications and breathe in new life, the garden where we played in our childhood. There is no need to travel in order to see it again; we must dig down inwardly to discover it. What once covered the earth is no longer above but beneath it; a mere excursion does not suffice for a visit to the dead city: excavation is necessary also. But we shall see how certain fugitive and fortuitous impressions carry us back even more effectively to the past, with a more delicate precision, with a more light-winged, more immaterial, more headlong, more unerring, more immortal flight, than these organic dislocations.
Svante Arrhenius, Theories of Solutions|In a great number of the cosmogonic myths the world is said to have developed from a great water, which was the prime matter. In many cases, as for instance in an Indian myth, this prime matter is indicated as a solution, out of which the solid earth crystallized out.
Pearl S. Buck, The Big Wave|Fear alone makes man weak. If you are afraid, your hands tremble, your feet falter, and your brain cannot tell hands and feet what to do.
Maria Montessori|My social philosophy may be said to be enshrined in three words: liberty, equality and fraternity. Let no one, however, say that I have borrowed by philosophy from the French Revolution. I have not. My philosophy has roots in religion and not in political science. I have derived them from the teachings of my Master, the Buddha.
Diane Ackerman|It began in mystery and it will end in mystery, but what a rare and beautiful country lies in between.
Karen Karbo, Julia Child Rules: Lessons on Savoring Life|Work and you’ll get what you need, work harder and you’ll get what you want.
Adelheid Manefeldt, Consequence|When you’re a kid, you don’t think about big stuff that could change your life. You think about small things that might terrify you –like a bad report card or missing a goal in front of all your friends or your friends no longer wanting to play with you. Because that's the biggest stuff you know. The biggest disappointments are all tied to this small little universe of yours, because bigger things cannot fit into a small universe. If you wanted bigger things in there you needed to have more room –or make more room. Perhaps you thought about your parents or your pets dying, which was rare. But all you knew was you would be terribly sad and lonely. And on those occasions when people or pets actually died, someone usually came along and distracted you from feeling too much of your actual feelings. Grownups did that –they never left you alone to feel alone or think alone too much. They tended to think you are too small to know how to think and feel in big heaps, so they took parts of your heap onto themselves. To help – but in the long run –it doesn’t help at all. Because if you do not see, or feel or think, or taste the bitter things in life, you don’t know they exist. You have not seen enough of the world to know how terrible it could be. And unfortunately for Sam, this inability to process change persisted into adulthood.
David Friedman|I have long held that there are two fundamental views of children: That they are pets who can talk, or that they are small people who do not yet know very much. The wrong one is winning.
Joris-Karl Huysmans, Against Nature|Hem, you know I don't think that owner's wife where you live likes me. She wouldn't let me wait upstairs for you.''I'll tell her,' I said.'Don't bother. I can always wait here. It's very pleasant in the sun now, isn't it?''It's fall now,' I said. 'I don't think you dress warmly enough.''It's only cool in the evening,' Evan said. 'I'll wear my coat.''Do you know where it is?''No. But it's somewhere safe.''How do you know?''Because I left the poem in it.
Thornton Wilder|If you write to impress it will always be bad, but if you write to express it will be good
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|You want to be able to say, for example, “I will know I am successful if these three things happen.
Kendare Blake, Anna Dressed in Blood|The rhythm of the footsteps, the sound of whatever is coming down the ladder is driving both me and my mom steadily toward peeing our pants.
Lemony Snicket|In love, as in life, one misheard word can be tremendously important. If you tell someone you love them, for instance, you must be absolutely certain that they have replied "I love you back" and not "I love your back" before you continue the conversation.
Eric Hoffer, The True Believer: Thoughts on the Nature of Mass Movements|He wasn’t dealing with underage girls or porn, just spreading the word of jihad to young, impressionable people, which, unfortunately, was not a crime.
Frédéric Vandenberghe|Constitutions should consist only of general provisions; the reason is that they must necessarily be permanent, and that they cannot calculate for the possible change of things
Carl Sutton, Selective Mutism In Our Own Words: Experiences in Childhood and Adulthood|Left alone, no matter at what age or under what circumstance, you have to remake your life.
Donda West|To me, being appropriatedoes not always mean conforming. Often it means justthe opposite. Sometimes, refusing to conform and even confrontingis not only appropriate but necessary to change theworld for the better.
Erin O'Riordan, Cut|We tried to make a heaven of earth,But the earth is just a stage, a school,Where we wear our masks and play our rolesAnd teach each other how to love.
Kelley Armstrong, Bitten|What is it with you and that book?"Rafael laughed. "We have a personal relationship.
Abraham Cowley|May I a small house and large garden have;And a few friends,And many books, both true.
Herman Koch|Something in me whispered that I needed to stop thinking, that I should above all not go too farwith thinking. But that never worked; I always thought things through to the end, to their mostextreme consequence.
J.R. Ward, Lover Unleashed|What’s next? The size of my cock?” “Hey, even pencils can get the job done—I’ve heard the moaning from your room to prove it.
Elizabeth Marie Pope, The Perilous Gard|I want to hold you like a kitten in my shirt, and still I want to spread your thighs and plow ye like a rotting bull. I dinna understand myself.
Andrei Bely, The Silver Age of Russian Culture: An Anthology|Adam Antonovich's father was a tubby tyrant with a triple chin and chinks where his eyes should have been. All his life he had amassed money. In old age he had exchanged it for space; his estates grew, grew and swelled.("Adam")
Luggs, Heaven Won't Wait|His biggest gripe with religion was the concept of heaven, of paradise, that we could only get there after we died. He said any philosophy that cared more about life after death than life before death wasn’t anything he could believe in. That’s why he called this farm Paradise. He said Paradise was ours if we wanted it. It was ours to make in the here and now, not something out there in the future that we had to wait for.
Vernon McLellan|Some of us are like the Dead Sea, always taking in but never giving out, because we are not rightly related to the Lord Jesus.
Kakeru Yuiga|We, the people with special powers use our abilities for peace. That's the mission that was given to us by the World.
Molly Looby, Playing with Reality:|My heart was still beating, I was still breathing, but was living something more?
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|For some of us, books are as important as almost anything else on earth. What a miracle it is that out of these small, flat, rigid squares of paper unfolds world after world after world, worlds that sing to you, comfort and quiet or excite you. Books help us understand who we are and how we are to behave. They show us what community and friendship mean; they show us how to live and die.
Emily Maguire, Taming the Beast|Michael was still an enigma, wrapped in a riddle, coated in yum. Only now the enigma was a little less mysterious; I was a few clues closer to solving the riddle - but damn, that man would always be coated in yum.
Tina Fey|And, you know, politics aside, the success of Sarah Palin and women like her is good for all women - except, of course —those who will end up, you know, like, paying for their own rape ‘kit ‘n’ stuff, But for everybody else, it’s a win-win. Unless you’re a gay woman who wants to marry your partner of 20 years - whatever. But for most women, the success of conservative women is good for all of us. Unless you believe in evolution. You know - actually, I take it back. The whole thing’s a disaster.
Ali ibn Abi Talib|Our generation is realistic, for we have come to know man as he really is. After all, man is that being who invented the gas chambers of Auschwitz; however, he is also that being who entered those gas chambers upright, with the Lord's Prayer or the Shema Yisrael on his lips.
Shauna Niequist, Bittersweet: Thoughts on Change, Grace, and Learning the Hard Way|Be grateful with what you have, So you will live your life without regret.
Ellen Ochoa|Astronauts are very professional and when they're preparing for launch, they prepare for it as the most serious endeavor of our lives.
Klaus Mann, Mephisto|M. Larue almost fell upon the neck of Höfgen, so delighted was he to see him again. "Oh, oh, mon très cher ami! Enchanté - charmed to see you again." There was a shaking of hands and cordial laughter. Wasn't it a pleasure for M. Larue to live in the new Germany? Wasn't his new love in his well-fitting SS uniform much prettier than any of those dirty Communist youths in days gone by? Bonsoir, mon cher, I am utterly delighted - long live the Führer. That very evening, Larue insisted, he would send a report to Paris saying how happy and peace-loving everyone was in Berlin. No one has any wicked, aggressive thoughts.
Jane Addams|True peace is not merely the absence of war, it is the presence of justice.
Paulo Coelho, The Pilgrimage|Travelers, there is no path, paths are made by walking.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|What a joyful journey, to travel with the Lord.
John Woo|Every presidential candidate highlights patriotism, but Mr. Romney's is backed by the Mormon belief that the United States was chosen by God to play a special role in history, its Constitution divinely inspired.
Adam Haslett, Imagine Me Gone|Sound systems are what turn cars into escape vehicles, even if you've got nowhere to go.
Diane Hendricks|Don't ever break someone's trust. Once you do, then nobody wants to do business with you.
Kate Clinton|I always wrote music for my friends, but my focus was on playing piano. I didn't think I'd be quite good enough to be a soloist, but I believed that if I worked hard enough, I could work as a player, a teacher.
L. Frank Baum, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz|I think you are wrong to want a heart. It makes most people unhappy. If you only knew it, you are in luck not to have a heart.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We testify about wonders of Saviour, Jesus Christ, the Son of God.
Farshad Asl|I only have one plan, to give it my all ... I AM AN ENTREPRENEUR.
Joe L. Wheeler, Abraham Lincoln, a Man of Faith and Courage: Stories of Our Most Admired President|When Lincoln was asked if God was on the Union’s side, Lincoln’s unvarying response was that what was really important was whether they were on God’s side.
Tessa Dare, One Dance with a Duke|It's never been my desire to conquer you, Amelia. If you leave this room with me, it must be at my side. As my wife, my lover, my partner ...” His thumb brushed her lip. “My dearest friend.
L.A. Weatherly, Broken Sky|Experiences and memories make us who we are, not just our genes.
Michelle Obama|When I get the chance to make my favorite breakfast on the weekend, I often choose to make pancakes.
Anastasia Bolinder|Adventures call a valiant few, happenstance upon calls many.
Laura Dern|I am definitely romantic, and I love romantic stories - that's why I keep making romantic movies.
Karen Amanda Hooper, Tangled Tides|can you see how amazing the Sun in Winter? so beautiful like a miracle", and he looked at me and said "The Sun is like a miracle just in Winter, but you are a mirace in my life".
Agnostic Zetetic|If it’s convenient to love you, you’re lying to someone about who you are or what you need.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|I love mankind, he said, "but I find to my amazement that the more I love mankind as a whole, the less I love man in particular.
Robert Louis Stevenson|For the life of me, I don't understand what honest motive there is in putting this in front of this body to philosophically debate marriage on a constitutional amendment that is not going to happen, and which is enormously divisive in all of our communities.
Andrew Sullivan|Neatness begets order; but from order to taste there is the same difference as from taste to genius, or from love to friendship.
Joni Mitchell|I studied with Sandy Meisner at the Neighborhood Playhouse. I was in the last class to study with him before he had his larynx removed, so I actually remember the sound of his voice. He was an incredible teacher.
Farshad Asl|As an entrepreneur you own your business, you expand your brand, you increase your impact, you live with no excuses, and you enjoy your intentional growth daily.
Ted Allen|Throughout its history, the members of Shearith Israel have observed Thanksgiving by reciting in synagogue the same psalms of praise and gratitude sung by Jews all over the world on festive days like Hanukkah.
Sunday Adelaja|People should see genuine, authentic love in the church
Muhammad Yunus|The number one benefit of information technology is that it empowers people to do what they want to do. It lets people be creative. It lets people be productive. It lets people learn things they didn't think they could learn before, and so in a sense it is all about potential.
Gabe A. Lopez|In the end it comes down to two rival versions of the English middle afternoon. Post-Barrett, Pink Floyd kept on in a middle-afternoonish vein, but they fell in love with the idea of portentous storm clouds in the offing somewhere over Grantchester....Barrett's afternoonishness was far more supple and engaging. It superimposed the hippie cult of eternal solstice on the pre-teatime daydreams of one's childhood, occasioned by a slick of sunlight on a chest of drawers....His afternoonishness is lit by an importunate adult intelligence that can't quite get back to the place it longs to be....Barrett created the same precocious longing in adolescents."I remember 'See Emily Play' drifting across a school corridor in 1967...and I remember the powerful wish to stay suspended indefinitely in that music...I also remember the quasi-adult intimation that this wasn't pos
Jeff Tweedy|My music is so often like a lullaby I write to myself to make sense of things I can't tie together, or things I've lost, or things I'll never have.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Until you are Tried and Tested, Your Greatness will have no meaning
Rebecca McNutt, Super 8: The Sequel to Smog City|I'm sure my parents must be proud. Or horrified. Or are bitterly arguing about whether they're proud or horrified, and have already hired lawyers to resolve the dispute. -Hayden Upchurch
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|People of the hundred," he said, using an ancient Herrani phrase Arin was surprised he knew, "who leads you?"So many cried Arin's name that it no longer sounded like his name.
Jay Woodman|in so far as we cherish the tangibles, we must value the intangibles. The intangibles, though as latent as they may seem to be, they are solemnly tangible.
Mark Grist|If a tree falls in the woods when no one is there, does it still make a noise? If a girl dies in the woods when no one is there, does anyone care? If no one knows I am here, do I even exist?
Debasish Mridha|Do your own thing with love and passion. You will be happy, no matter the result of your action.
Alistair Cross, Beautiful Monster|Carroll was eleven years old when he saw The Haunting in The Oregon Theater. He had gone with his cousins, but when the lights went down, his companions were swallowed by the dark and Carroll found himself essentially alone, shut tight into his own suffocating cabinet of shadows. At times, it required all his will not to hide his eyes, yet his insides churned with a nervous-sick frisson of pleasure. When the lights finally came up, his nerve endings were ringing, as if he had for a moment grabbed a copper wire with live current in it. It was a sensation for which he had developed a compulsion.Later, when he was a professional and it was his business, his feelings were more muted - not gone, but experienced distantly, more like the memory of an emotion than the thing itself. More recently, even the memory had fled, and in its place was a deadening amnesia, a numb disinterest when he looked at the piles of magazines on his coffee table. Or no - he was overcome with dread, but the wrong kind of dread.("Best New Horror")
Brooke Janser (12-24)|A lot of people will ask me “Whats depression like?”. 	Its the same answer every time. “Its shitty...”. But you know whats its really like? Its like a bundle of dark clouds falling over your head, raining constantly. So your drenched. You cant function properly, you can’t do the things you love because your fingers slip and you mess up. Your clothes metaphorically are like your life, you try to change them, but they only stay dry for a few seconds, then its the same old story all over again. And no one, I repeat no one, wants to be near you. 	Your a wet, soaking, depressed and helpless kitten lost in depressions firm grip. Its like a stalker, it follows you. Everywhere you go, Its waiting for you. You can’t leave it. You can’t ignore it. Its always there. Thats what makes it so scary. You can never get away from it, unless, someone pushes those fiery and dark clouds away. If their willing to sacrifice everything just to make you happy. 	Even if that means taking those clouds upon themselves.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|...but with the hours I sometimes kept at the coffeehouse I had to have learned to take naps during the day or die, and I had learned to take naps. Up until five months ago "something or other or die" had always seemed like a plain choice in favor of the something or other.
David Brier, The Lucky Brand|Cookie cutters are for baking, not branding.
Deyth Banger|Oftentimes we feel like we can't say no, but YOU'LL LOWER YOUR STRESS BY NOT SAYING YES all of the time.
John Ajvide Lindqvist, Låt de gamla drömmarna dö|Vendetta is the word, except it isn't strong enough.
Mae West|Of all the properties which belong to honorable men, not one is so highly prized as that of character.
Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay|The next day I had a hangover.I realised that if getting drunk was how people forgot they were mortal, then hangovers were how they remembered.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|No matter how hard they try, they'll never create anything so perfectly beautiful as what plays out in my own imagination.
Walter Mosley, Devil in a Blue Dress|Chirren is the most dangerous creatures on the earth, with the exception of young girls between the ages of fifteen and forty-two.
Travis Barker|It's really unfair to working women in America who read celebrity news and think, 'Why can't I lose weight when I've had a baby?' Well, everyone you're reading about has money for a trainer and a chef. That doesn't make it realistic.
Terry Eagleton, Literary Theory: An Introduction|When people are treated like a product, they become obsessed with materialism.
Debbie Ford, The Best Year of Your Life: Dream It, Plan It, Live It|To this day, I remain awestruck by the fact that human beings are capable of this type of metamorphosis. We don’t have to stay stuck displaying the same personality traits over the course of our lifetime but are free to transform into higher expressions of ourselves. Today I can honestly say that I know beyond the shadow of a doubt that human beings are capable of making radical and lasting change. After a decade of coaching individuals and leading groups, I have discovered that if I don’t buy into people’s perceptions of who they are and what they are capable of, I can bypass their public personas and see who they are in their highest expression. With a little effort, I can see their magnificence and their potential no matter what they look like or what condition their emotional, spiritual, or financial world is in. I can see through their acts, their personas, their fears and insecurities. I can see who they are apart from the baggage they carry around. The undeniable fact is that underneath all of our public personas, we already are that which we desire to be. Our only job is to see past our own limitations so that we can return to that which we already are.
Doctrine and Covenants 88 118|If the sky has turned a darkened grey and the sea threatens to spill the occupants in the boat, know that the Lord God made the storm still, and though you shall face storms in your life the Lord God will still them with his hand. When you are alone, Jesus will have his arms wrapped around you, holding you tightly, the angels shall call out your name when you feel that you have been deaf, and you shall see the light of Heaven when you think you are blind. When you feel your dreams are broken it does not do well to cast yourself into misery but look at the brighter side of life, and see all the Lord has blessed you with!
Carlos Salinas, The Little Book of Big Quotes|If you mould yourself according to time and let yourself flow with the changingcircumstances, see, what you will soon transform into.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|I'll just have them change the entry in the demonology textbook from 'almost extinct' to 'not extinct enough for Alec. He prefers his monsters really, really extinct.' Will that make you happy?
Melissa de la Cruz, Keys to the Repository|It's a lot easier to say when something ended rather than when it began. Most of us can recognize the end from a mile away, but the beginning always slips up on us, lulling us into thinking what we're living through is yet another moment, in yet another day.
Abdullah of Saudi Arabia|Wherever men and women are persecuted because of their race, religion, or political views, that place must - at that moment - become the center of the universe.
Peter Høeg, Smilla's Sense of Snow|On closer examination, we are simply a banal tragedy spread over two generations.
Chanakya|Lose not yourself in a far off time, seize the moment that is thine.
David  Kirk, Child of Vengeance|For the past couple of nights when I'd lain down beside her, after she'd called asleep and I knew she couldn't hear me, I'd promised her that she'd never have to forgive me again if she could do it one last time.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|Thirty years ago my older brother, who was ten years old at the time, was trying to get a report written on birds that he'd had three months to write, which was due the next day. We were out at our family cabin in Bolinas, and he was at the kitchen table close to tears, surrounded by binder paper and pencils and unopened books about birds, immobilized by the hugeness of the task ahead. Then my father sat down beside him put his arm around my brother's shoulder, and said, "Bird by bird, buddy. Just take it bird by bird.
S.L. Whyte, Stelladaur: Finding Tir Na Nog|Yes,it is remarkable how far a person can travel by sea.
Katherine McIntyre, Poisoned Apple|A covenant is a bond in blood sovereignly administered. When God enters into a covenantal relationship with men, he sovereignly institutes a life-and-death bond. A covenant is a bond in blood, or a bond of life and death, sovereignly administered.
Cecelia Ahern, Thanks for the Memories|Oh, it's called, em...' Kate thinks, 'I can't remember what it's called.''You're the same as me,' Dad says to her. 'You've got CRAFT too.''What's that?''Can't. Remember. A. Fuc-
Brittney Joy, Lucy's Chance|Lucky for me, all four of his hooves missed my body as they found the ground. I picked my head up, thankful I didn't get stomped, and watched the steer run off along the fence. Mental note: cows are not like horses. Don't let the big brown eyes fool you.
Deborah Wilde, The Unlikeable Demon Hunter|Even though his ass extended past the seat, it was so rock hard that it didn’t droop over the sides. I checked twice to make sure.
Harry Browne|When it comes to controlling human beings, there is no better instrument than lies. Because you see, humans live by beliefs. And beliefs can be manipulated. The power to manipulate beliefs is the only thing that counts.
Emily Arden, Lie to me: Deception: Book Two|Love is a blend of heart and mind, it creates a euphoric fusion of energy and intellect, to induce a transformation in life as the Rays of Love gradually befall.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|In some ways the operation of the feminine stereotype is so obvious and for many women entirely unattainable, that it can be easily reacted against. It takes a great deal of courage and independence to decide to design your own image instead of the one that society rewards, but it gets easier as you go along. Of course, a woman who goes her own way will find her conditioning is ineradicable, but she at least can recognize its operation and choose to counteract it, whereas a man might find that he was being more subtly deluded.
Robert James Waller, The Bridges of Madison County|her heart was the defendant,in the court waiting for the last decision and the judge was th mind.is it the end of love
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Challenges make us grow in faith, in spirit and in strength.
Farooq Shah|My mother is a never ending song in my heart of comfort, happiness, and being.I may sometimes forget the words but I always remember the tune.I love my mom!
Ron Brackin|When you spend your life taking care of mudmen, you can't help getting a little dirty yourself.
Stephanie Staal|The feminist story, she reminded me, is a counternarrative, a narrative of disobedience, a chronicle of battle, nto of surrender. Women who do not fit the mold are too often maneuvered, manipulated, and mangled into some culturally safe archetype. The makers of history transformed perpetua intoa cold, unfeeling mother - a villan of sorts. But who is to say that becoming a mother didn't also push Perpetua to become a martyr, didn't cause her to passionatley uphold her religious ideals because she wanted to offer her son the greatest gift she could - an ideal? Maybe, in the end, Perpetua's maternal instincts were precisely what gave her the strength to confront the burliest Roman gladiator and the to lie down with dignity?
Paul David Washer|Why would we want fame, when God promises us glory? Why would we be seeking the wealth of the world when the wealth of heaven is ours? Why would we run for a crown that will perish with time, when we're called to win a crown that is imperishable?
G.K. Chesterton, Five Types|I tended to do anything as long as it felt like an adventure, and to stop when it felt like work. Which meant that life did not feel like work.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the sky never grew dark, we would not be able to clearly see the stars.
Jay-Z|Black and awkward is the worst, because black people are stereotyped as being anything but awkward in mainstream media... Black people are always portrayed to be cool or overly dramatic, anything but awkward.
Nathan Reese Maher|Do we not each dream of dreams? Do we not dance on the notes of lostmemories? Then are we not each dreamers of tomorrow and yesterday, since dreamsplay when time is askew? Are we not all adrift in the constant sea of trial and when all is done, do we not all yearn for ships to carry us home?
Mihailo Markovic, Contemporary Marx|The pygmies, for example, or the Mindoro of the Philippines, do not want equal rights – they just want to be left alone.
Yukio Mishima, The Temple of the Golden Pavilion|And the answer is: You are wrong. The Faeries are not gone. But they are no longer what they were. I watched it and did not help them, though I could have. I cheered. I cheered and I wept and I was glad. Perhaps I should not have been. Perhaps laughing at agony is a Fairy's game and I should not have moved my pieces on their board.
Virginia Postrel|Evil is a source of moral intelligence in the sense that we need to learn from our shadow, from our dark side, in order to be good.
Brian de Haaff, Lovability: How to Build a Business That People Love and Be Happy Doing It|If your customers love you, they will not only remain fiercely loyal but become your most powerful marketing asset. Lovability is the greatest predictor of business success.
Lilly Singh|The next time you see a spider web, please, pause and look a little closer. You'll be seeing one of the most high-performance materials known to man.
Shashi Deshpande, In the Country of Deceit|Forgetting isn’t the key to moving on. Remembering is, because only once we’ve remembered can we forget.
Edith Bouvier Beale|This is the best thing to wear for today, you understand. Because I don't like women in skirts and the best thing is to wear pantyhose or some pants under a short skirt, I think. Then you have the pants under the skirt and then you can pull the stockings up over the pants underneath the skirt. And you can always take off the skirt and use it as a cape. So I think this is the best costume for today.
Dada Bhagwan|God is where there are no ‘fees’ being charged, where there is no botheration and where there is no scolding; that is where God is.
Leo Burnett|In art, all who have done something other than their predecessors have merited the epithet of revolutionary; and it is they alone who are masters.
Polly Horvath, My One Hundred Adventures|His eyes passed over the solid shapes of the instruments and computers that lined the bridge. They winked away innocently at him. He stared out at the stars, but none of them said a word.
Chuck Palahniuk, Make Something Up: Stories You Can't Unread|When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, an hundred.
Christopher Paolini|I'm sorry you don't want to know me anymore. I will spend the rest of my life regretting the fact that I wasted my second chance to know you. And I will always be conscious of your absence."- Gabriel to Julia.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|Little by little she had been discovering the uncertainty of her husband's step, his mood changes, the gaps in his memory, his recent habit of sobbing while he slept, but she did not identify these as the unequivocal signs of final decay but rather as a happy return to childhood.
Lemony Snicket, Shouldn't You Be in School?|When you find the sort of people who will show up to give you a ride exactly when they've promised to do so, hold on to them for dear life.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Birds of Passage|I promise that this won't be our last night together, that there will be lots of nights together. I'm promising that we will see each other again, and I'm going to do everything I can to make sure that happens in less than a year." He gently brushed the hair back from my face, looking in my eyes. "And I promise you that I'm going to love you, forever. Na'u 'oe, nau ko'u. You're mine and I'm yours. I'm promising you mau loa. I'm promising you forever." - Kai
Stanisław Lem, Solaris|Man has gone out to explore other worlds and other civilizations without having explored his own labyrinth of dark passages and secret chambers, and without finding what lies behind doorways that he himself has sealed.
Chris Greenhalgh, Coco Chanel & Igor Stravinsky|No Matter How Smart A Lie Is Structured, Eventually The Truth Shall prevail.
Kris Kidd, Return to Sender|And once when we were walking on Bredon Hill, we met a bedraggled and exhausted fox. 'Oh, poor thing,' Jack said. 'What shall we do when the hunt comes up? I can already hear them. Oh, I know -- I have an idea.' He cupped his hands and shouted to the first riders, "Hallo, yoicks, gone that way," and pointed in the direction opposite to the one the fox had taken. The whole hunt followed his directions. There followed a long discussion about when lying was morally justifiable, but he boasted delightedly later to my wife that he had saved the life of a poor fox and showed no trace of guilt.
Steven Redhead, Keys to Creating Your Reality|Don't become a prisoner of your own reality, set yourself free by creating a life worth living.
Leon Trotsky, Terrorism and Communism: A Reply to Karl Kautsky|My belief assumed a form that it commonly assumes among the educated people of our time. This belief was expressed by the word "progress." At the time it seemed to me that this word had meaning. Like any living individual, I was tormented by questions of how to live better. I still had not understood that in answering that one must live according to progress, I was talking just like a person being carried along in a boat by the waves and the wind; without really answering, such a person replies to the only important question-"Where are we to steer?"-by saying, "We are being carried somewhere.
Serj Tankian|Cause I am strong and I can prove itAnd I got my dreams to see me throughIt's just a mountain, I can move itAnd with faith enough there's nothing I can't doAnd I can see the light of a clear blue morningAnd I can see the light of brand new dayI can see the light of a clear blue morningAnd everything's gonna be all rightIt's gonna be okay [lyrics from "Light of a Clear Blue Morning"]
Kelley Armstrong, Visions|Stray cats are like two-timing men. He got tired of you and took off. He doesn't find anyone new? He'll come slinking back. By then, if you're smart, you'll have decided you're better without him.
Elizabeth George, Loving God with All Your Mind|When we view ourselves through the lens of God's Word, we better understand God's love for us and the worth we have in His eyes.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|If I were to make a list of focus for well-being, I would begin with lifestyle (the totality of one’s circumstance and how that is engaged, including job and relationships, and proximity to nature), attending to the physical functions correctly (posture, breathing, exercise, food, rest, etc.), consistent expression of your natural range of qualities, working and playing well and hard, and designing things so that you are doing what compels you. Obviously, you can’t give this list out as a prescription for physical problems and diseases, but then again, it is probably the correct prescription. If one were to follow it, any specific problem, even extreme, would almost certainly resolve itself.
William Giraldi, Busy Monsters|Be sweet to one another. Stay in this beauty and brawl against the world's power of pulling apart. Recall Old Testament terminology: covenant, sacred, sacrifice. And mind always that Adam wasn’t a schlep fruitily duped by Eve. He turned his back on God because he knew that a paradise without her was no paradise at all.
Mario Botta|Time travel used to be thought of as just science fiction, but Einstein's general theory of relativity allows for the possibility that we could warp space-time so much that you could go off in a rocket and return before you set out.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|When having lunch or dinner at a long rectangular table, I prefer to take a middle chair so that I can turn to my left or to my right to make meaningful conversation with the people in attendance. When I have been seated at the very end, it can prove to be difficult to speak, hear, and connect with everyone there. Think ahead, and whenever possible, put yourself in the middle of the action!
David Suzuki|Living on through loss seems by contrast as bad or worse; it means experiencing environmental deterioration, steady decline in human well-being, and increasing constraint on future human action consciously and slowly while realizing that they are likely to continue for generations after one is gone.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|Thomas jabbed a thumb over his shoulder and raised his eyebrows."You met our new friend?" Miho responded, a smirk flashing across his face. "Real piece of work, this guy. I gotta get me one of those shuck suits. Fancy stuff.""Am I awake?" Thomas asked."You're awake. Now eat—you look horrible. Almost as bad as Rat Man over there, reading his book.
Frederic Manning|We are here in a wood of little beeches: And the leaves are like black lace Against a sky of nacre. One bough of clear promise Across the moon. It is in this wise that God speaketh unto me. He layeth hands of healing upon my flesh, Stilling it in an eternal peace, Until my soul reaches out myriad and infinite hands Toward him, And is eased of its hunger. And I know that this passes: This implacable fury and torment of men, As a thing insensate and vain: And the stillness hath said unto me, Over the tumult of sounds and shaken flame, Out of the terrible beauty of wrath, I alone am eternal. One bough of clear promise Across the moon
Enza Vita|Even amazing states of bliss, peace, clarity and spaciousness have nothing to do with awakening as these are just experiences coming and going in the impersonal awareness that you are.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|The will to dream, the courage to act and the hope to win are the stuffs that make life meaningful! Create the life you wish to live and live it fully!
Jake Wood, Among You: The Extraordinary True Story of a Soldier Broken By War|Failure is another emotion I cannot stand to feel, because in adult life I have conditioned myself not to fail at anything. Failure takes me straight back to the feelings of worthlessness I grew up with as a stammering, reclusive little boy.
Mimi Strong, The Kissing Coach|I wanted to bring Lissa back, and I wanted to return to Adrian's arms again, return to his lips and all this life..."Hathaway! Good God, do I have to hose you down?
Dermot Healy, Sudden Times|I make my way back whistling. Gerry nods towards Mrs Brady who is standing beside the trolleys.Morning, Mrs Brady, I say cheerfully.I push her provisions out to the car.Things are something terrible, she says. You can't trust anybody.No.It's come to a sorry pass.It has.There's hormones in the beef and tranquillizers in the bacon. There's men with breasts and women with mickeys. All from eating meat.Now.I steer a path between a crowd of people while she keeps step alongside.Can you believe it - they're feeding the pigs Valium. If you boil a bit of bacon you have to lie down afterwards. Dear oh dear.Yes, I nod.The thought of food makes me ill.The pigs are getting depressed in those sheds. If they get depressed they lose weight. So they tranquillize them. Where will it end?I don't know, Mrs Brady, I say. I begin filling the boot. That's why I started buying lamb. Then along came Chernobyl. Now you can't even have lamb stew or you'll light up at night! I swear. And when they've left you with nothing safe to eat, next thing they come along and tell you you can't live in your own house.I haven't heard of that one, Mrs Brady.Listen to me. She took my elbow. It could all happen that you're in your own house and the next thing is there's radiation bubbling under the floorboards.What?It comes right at you through the foundations. Watch the yogurts. Did you hear of th
Betsy Cornwell, Mechanica|I have to believe it’s right to be a warm voice, a companion if I can be, as soon as ever I find a friend.
Debasish Mridha|To get rid of stress, be yourself and relax.
Guy Mankowski, How I Left the National Grid: A post-punk novel|Even your sweetest character has claws, no matter how well they may be retracted and hidden (hidden even from herself).
CeeLo Green|All right. Talk to me darlin'. You're not insane. A little crazy, but not insane. And this...everything you've gotten...in the last few days...do you know how many people would kill for this?""But...
Linda Morris, The Mason Dixon Line|See, the thing is, I had a little misunderstanding with Trent Gibson in Pre-Calculus earlier. I dropped my textbook on his face—accidentally, while we were discussing some…equations—and he thought I was trying to brain him. So of course, he narked to Shoemaker, and apparently accidents are grounds for disciplinary action these days.
William Feather|As with all commandments, gratitude is a description of a successful mode of living. The thankful heart opens our eyes to a multitude of blessings that continually surround us.
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|Things can be added, but that doesn't mean that anything is missing.
Patch Adams|I take a massage each week. This isn't an indulgence, it's an investment in your full creative expression/productivity/passion and sustained good health.
Rowan Williams|For my parents' generation, the idea was not that marriage was about some kind of idealized, romantic love; it was a partnership. It's about creating family; it's about creating offspring. Indian culture is essentially much more of a 'we' culture. It's a communal culture where you do what's best for the community - you procreate.
Francine Pascal, Fearless|He slowed down a bit more. "Gaia, how do you know these things?" She shrugged. "I'm smart." "And modest, too." "Modesty is a waste of time," she pronounced. "I'll keep that in mind.
Louisa May Alcott, Jo's Boys|Beauty of style and harmony and grace and good rhythm depend on simplicity – I mean the true simplicity of a rightly and nobly ordered mind and character, not that other simplicity which is only a euphemism for folly.
Jeffrey Fry|Most people fail not necessarily because who they are, but whom they are with.
Kalyan C. Kankanala, Pirates of Bollywood|I am a Pirate, A Pirate of Bollywood
Terry Pratchett|Current theories on the creation of the Universe state that, if it were created at all and didn't just start, as it were, unofficially, it came to being between ten and twenty thousand million years ago. By the same token the earth itself is generally supposed to be about four and a half thousand million years old.These dates are incorrect.Medieval Jewish scholars put the date of the Creation at 3760BC. Greek Orthodox theologians put Creation as far back as 5508BC.These suggestions are also incorrect.Archbishop James Usher (1580-1656) published Annales Veteris et Novi Testamenti in 1654, which suggested that the Heaven and the Earth were created in 4004BC. One of his aides took the calculation further, and was able to announce triumphantly that the Earth was created on Sunday the 21st of October, 4004BC, at exactly 9.00 a.m., because God liked to get work done early in the morning while he was feeling fresh.This too was incorrect. By almost a quarter of an hour.The whole business with the fossilized dinosaur skeletons was a joke the paleontologists haven't seen yet.
Robert Schuller|She is trying to be brave, but no one knows what brave looks like inside this particular moment.
Debasish Mridha|I have no wealth or splendors to give, but I have love and smiles to share.
Lord Dunsany, The King of Elfland's Daughter|There passed a child of four, a small girl on a footpath over the fields, going home in the evening to Erl. They looked at each other with round eyes."Hullo," said the child."Hullo, child of men," said the troll.. . . "What are you?" said the child."A troll of Elfland," answered the troll. "So I thought," said the child."Where are you going, child of men?" the troll asked."To the houses," the child replied."We don't want to go there," said the troll."N-no," said the child."Come to Elfland," the troll said.The child thought for a while. Other children had gone, and the elves always sent a changeling in their place, so that nobody quite missed them and nobody really knew. She thought awhile of the wonder and wildness of Elfland, and then of her own house."N-no," said the child."Why not?" said the troll."Mother made a jam roll this morning," said the child. And she walked on gravely home. Had it not been for that chance jam roll she had gone to Elfland."Jam!" said the troll contemptuously and thought of the tarns of Elfland, the great lily-leaves lying flat upon their solemn waters, the huge blue lilies towering into the elf-light above the green deep tarns: for jam this child had forsaken them!
Steve Hagen, Buddhism Plain and Simple|Individuals create themselves through their moral choices. By freely and repeatedly choosing certain sorts of things, an individual shapes their character, and through their character their future.
Aberjhani, Illuminated Corners: Collected Essays and Articles Volume I.|Poetry looking in the mirror sees art, and art looking in a mirror sings poetry.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Having this, we want that.Owning some, we want more.Standing here, we wish to be there.If it's impossible, we struggle to make it happen.Why are we like this? Why not be content with some, here, and now? Why is enough not enough? Because humans are ambitious creatures not meant to be idle or fruitless. We strive to learn, to grow, to achieve, to amass; therefore, we will never be content.
William Congreve|A man reserves his true and deepest love not for the species of woman in whose company he finds himself electrified and enkindled, but for that one in whose company he may feel tenderly drowsy.
Charles  Hart, The Phantom of the Opera: Piano/Vocal|Softly, deftly, music shall caress you. Hear it, feel it, Secretly possess you.
Jamie Vardy|In Hollywood today, it's cool for guys to wear nail polish and earrings in their lips and tongues. I don't get it.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|The cause of my profound sense of incompatibility with others is, I believe, that most people think with their feelings, whereas I feel with my thoughts.For the ordinary man, to feel is to live, and to think is to know how to live. For me, to think is to live, and to feel is merely food for thought.
Lawrenz Mejia|When you get the red letters right, it all makes sense.
Ronald A. Heifetz, The Practice of Adaptive Leadership: Tools and Tactics for Changing Your Organization and the World|What people resist is not change per se, but loss.
Joyce Meyer|The 'public' scares me, but people I trust.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|If pain sometimes shatters the creature's false self sufficiency, yet in supreme Trial or Sacrifice' it teaches him the self-sufficiency which really ought to be his - the 'strength which, if Heaven gave it may be called his own': for then, in the absence of all merely natural motives and supports he acts in that strength, and that alone, which God confers upon him through his subjected will. Human will becomes truly creative and truly our own when it is wholly God's, and this is one of the many senses in which he that loses his soul shall find it. In all other acts our will is fed through nature, that is, through created things other than the self - through the desires which our physical organism and our heredity supply to us. When we act from ourselves alone, that is, from God in ourselves - we are collaborators in, or live instruments of creation: and that is why such an act undoes with 'backward mutters of deserving power' the uncreative spell which Adam laid upon his species.
Katie Reus, Hunter Reborn|The ten-year-old shifter wore long flannel pajama pants and a T-shirt, his blond hair sticking up everywhere in the most adorable way. "No, I'm thirsty. I didn't mean to both you --""You're not bothering us," Teresa interjected. Ryan didn't seem to want to let her go, but she didn't care. She needed distance from this male if she wanted to think straight. "I just stopped by to ..." Her brain chose that moment to malfunction. She couldn't even think of a decent lie."To kiss Ryan?" the boy asked, all innocence.
Renee Fleming|I want to do action, romantic comedy, and I love drama.
Julie Klassen, The Maid of Fairbourne Hall|It was like we were both trying to hold onto something that was slipping through our fingers, and we didn't understand why. I understood more than him, of course, but just barely. I would never fully understand how I could have ever strayed from such a warm, sensitive and caring soul.
Tanzy Sayadi, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Dreaming of another time,Dreaming of clasping your hands so tight,Dreaming of another time,Dreaming of the shipwreck that is in my heart would end
Charles Bukowski, You Get So Alone at Times That it Just Makes Sense|darkness falls upon Humanityand faces become terriblethingsthat wanted more than therewas.all our days are marked withunexpectedaffronts - somedisastrous, othersless sobut the process iswearing andcontinuous.attrition rules.most givewayleavingempty spaceswhere people shouldbe.and nowas we ready to self-destructthere is very little left tokillwhich makes the tragedyless and moremuch muchmore.
Carlos Wallace|Friendship is greater than the colonial and dominating race ideologies of hundreds of years." -"Some of My Best Friends
John Dewey|Military deployments have never been something to enjoy, but the consequence of the actions, the shared nature of the sacrifices, and the nobility of the cause are invigorating. To be clear, I'm not talking about the killing and the death; rather, the sense of purpose that pervades every action, reaction, and outcome.
Mindy Kaling, Why Not Me?|There was no whimsical ‘sip of wine at Thanksgiving’ for us kids while we were still teenagers. This was the Clinton era, and my parents were already worried about the moral deterioration of the country.
Piper Kerman|No matter how stupid, how pointless, how painful my current situation was, as I listened to Mixtape every week I couldn't deny the love I still felt for that reckless, audacious fool who was still me, if only in my mind.
Mitch Kapor|I'm not into fashion, but I like design. I wear the same shoes every day.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|I shall always be a flower girl to Professor Higgins, because he always treats me as a flower girl, and always will; but I know I can be a lady to you, because you always treat me as a lady, and always will.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|For, so inconsistent is human nature, especially in the ideal, that not to undertake a thing at all seems better than to undertake and come short.
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|When you are mindful of Spirit and connecting to the breath with an open heart, that is yoga.
Jaan Tallinn|We can't really know ourselves because we have not created ourselves. But we can know computers, we can know cars, because anything that we made, we can understand.
Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland|It seems to me that the idea of a personal God is an anthropological concept which I cannot take seriously. I also cannot imagine some will or goal outside the human sphere... Science has been charged with undermining morality, but the charge is unjust. A man's ethical behavior should be based effectually on sympathy, education, and social ties and needs; no religious basis is necessary. Man would indeed be in a poor way if he had to be restrained by fear of punishment and hope of reward after death.
Rebecca Eanes, The Newbie's Guide to Positive Parenting|Tantrums are not bad behavior. Tantrums are an expression of emotion that became too much for the child to bear. No punishment is required. What your child needs is compassion and safe, loving arms to unload in.
Jaclyn Moriarty, A Corner of White|The limitless, lowering sky, the long stretches of motionless empty prairie, the silence, complete right down to the absence of birdsong -- who knows what decides a man to leave most of his words unspoken?
Will Advise|To storm, a mind, it must be balanced,by what can't be it must be challenged...
Marcus Brigstocke|Thinking must never submit itself, neither to a dogma, nor to a party, nor to a passion, nor to an interest, nor to a preconceived idea, nor to whatever it may be, if not to facts themselves, because, for it, to submit would be to cease to be.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we knew all the answers, we won’t ask questions.
Heinrich Heine, Die Harzreise|Everything happens for a reason, and nothing is an accident. It is all part of a much larger divine plan.
Matt Fitzgerald, RUN: The Mind-Body Method of Running by Feel|You don't become a runner by winning a morning workout. The only true way is to marshal the ferocity of your ambition over the course of many day, weeks, months, and (if you could finally come to accept it) years. The Trial of Miles; Miles of Trials.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|But while I was sitting down, I saw something that drove me crazy. Somebody'd written 'fuck you' on the wall. It drove me damn near crazy. I thought how Phoebe and all the other little kids would see it, and how they'd wonder what the hell it meant, and then finally some dirty kid would tell them— all cockeyed naturally— what it meant, and how they'd all think about it and maybe even worry about it for a couple of days. I kept wanting to kill whoever'd written it.
Sanchita Pandey, Voyage to Happiness!|Any negative thought will give rise to negative vibrations which tend to reach an individual even before you open your mouth! So, entertain positive thoughts about individuals you want to build relations with.
Tamara Kučan, Indigo|Đavo ti neće naplatiti ulaz, ali će ti uvek naplatiti izlaz. Makar će pokušati. Zapravo, on je nepopravljivi optimi­sta! Možeš da mu okreneš leđa. On tebi neće nikada. Stalno će te posećivati, svraćati na čaj, da vidi da li si se predomislio, da li si možda slab da ponovo poveruješ u njegovu istinu.
Megan McKenna, The New Stations of the Cross: The Way of the Cross According to Scripture|Jesus enters the garden, in preparation, intending to face his fears by facing his God, his Father, His greatest fear is to offend his Father, to disobey his own calling, its integrity, and the word of God on his life.
Jessica Khoury, Vitro|It's a limitless new world, and we are only just beginning to explore it.
Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf|Nobody had been more surprised than Jack to discover that when he was happy, he wanted to make others happy. What a soggy lot of rubbish, but there you had it.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|You know, when you're young, you have moments of such happiness, you think you're living in someplace magical, like Atlantis must have been. Then we grow up, and our hearts break in two."Ted Brautigan, Hearts in Atlantis
Roy  Bennett|When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.
Nikki Rowe|She knew it was time, What for was the mystery but focused; she remained.She turned her back on anythingthat no longer served her strengths nor taught her vital lessons with her weaknesses.She said no without explanation & assigned validation back just to parking spots. She was fierce but gentle and authentic in her approach to live even if it meant standing alone.She knew the hard days weren't over but stood proud that she had already survived some of the worst. She laughed in the midst of a mindfuck & gathered her worth with all the pieces of herself that have held her together throughout the years. She knew it was timeWhat for was the mystery, but focused; she remained. She learnt that motherhood provided unconditional love doesn't have boundaries, it's pure in all its forms. Family are rare connections.Friendships are like shoes, not all will fit but when some do it's like you have won the lotto. She learnt that every love was different and how important it was to keep her heart open for the possibility of being able to experience it just one more time.
Steve Rasnic Tem|You’re worried about what-ifs. Well, what if you stopped worrying?
Leo Babauta|At the end of the day, the questions we ask of ourselves determine the type of people that we will become.
Garth Nix, Lirael|‎"It always seemed somehow less real here... a really detailed dream, but sort of washed out, like a thin watercolor. Softer, somehow, even with their electric light and engines and everything. I guess it was because there was hardly any magic.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|Here are all these people, full of heartache or hatred or desire, and we all have our troubles and the school year is filled with vulgarity and triviality and consequence, and there are all these teachers and kids of every shape and size, and there's this life we're struggling through full of shouting and tears and fights and break-ups and dashed hopes and unexpected luck -- it all disappears, just like that, when the choir begins to sing. Everyday life vanishes into song, you are suddenly overcome with a feeling of brotherhood, of deep solidarity, even love, and it diffuses the ugliness of everyday life into a spirit of perfect communion.
Ken Keyes Jr., Handbook to Higher Consciousness|Her love... so unconditional, so unapologetic; reminds me that I am worth so much more than the standard I have set for myself.
J.C. Owens, The Emperor's Wolf|I think I finally understand the saying like a moth to a flame. I’m the moth. My heart flutters like the paper thin wings. And he is the flame, incendiary, scorching my soul.He inhales so heavily, like he’s been holding his breath under water. He presses his lips against mine and tugs at my hair gently. My head falls back and my mouth falls open. His tongue, slick as silver, dances with mine.I’m wrong. I’m not a moth. I’m Icarus and I’ve flown too close to the sun.
Robert Crumb|We all live in the same house, we all must be part of the effort to hold down our little house. When you see something that is not right, not fair, not just... do something about it. Say something. Have the courage. Have the backbone. Get in the way. Walk with the wind. It's all going to work out.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Oleanders have attractive flowers, they decorate nature beautifully, but they are poisonous; and a woman is an oleander; it’s all right to watch her once in a while, but then you must walk away without touching her; if you ever try to taste her even once, you’ll head for hell!
Leigh Bardugo, Shadow and Bone|I don't care if you danced naked on the roof of the Little Palace with him. I love you, Alina, even the part of you that loved him.
Leslie Ludy, Set-Apart Femininity: God's Sacred Intent for Every Young Woman|It has been said by many great Christians that prayer is our secret weapon. If we desire to be free from every enemy stronghold over our lives and fully fortified to live the superhuman existences God intended us to live, then we must learn how to pray.
Clint Van Winkle, Soft Spots: A Marine's Memoir of Combat and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder|Clever wives are mostly silent ,alert and pay equal attention to limiting the kind and degree of emotions of family which creates and destroy HOMES.
John  Aubrey, Brief Lives|This Earle of Oxford, making of his low obeisance to Queen Elizabeth, happened to let a Fart, at which he was so abashed and ashamed that he went to Travell, 7 yeares. On his returne the Queen welcomed him home, and sayd, My Lord, I had forgott the Fart.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|Ain't you thinkin' what's it gonna be like when we get there? Ain't you scared it won't be nice like we thought?No, she said quickly. No, I ain't. You can't do that. I can't do that. It's too much - livin' too many lives. Up ahead they's a thousan' lives we might live, but when it comes, it'll on'y be one.
Mehmet Murat ildan, William Shakespeare|It's said that there's three sides to a story: yours, mine, and the truth. Check out God in Wingtip Shoes and The Prison Plumb Line to explore all three.
B.R. Sanders|When you’re very young and you’re different, you begin to believe that no one has ever been as different as you and that no one has ever felt that difference as keenly as you.
Nisargadatta Maharaj, I Am That: Talks with Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj|Your expectation of something unique and dramatic, of some wonderful explosion, is merely hindering and delaying your Self Realization. You are not to expect an explosion, for the explosion has already happened - at the moment when you were born, when you realized yourself as Being-Knowing-Feeling. There is only one mistake you are making: you take the inner for the outer and the outer for the inner. What is in you, you take to be outside you and what is outside, you take to be in you. The mind and feelings are external, but you take them to be intimate. You believe the world to be objective, while it is entirely a projection of your psyche. That is the basic confusion and no new explosion will set it right! You have to think yourself out of it. There is no other way.
Hubert Martin|She was carmine shadows reflecting from my crimson words. Every pulse sent a velvet ripple through the shade. Every breath, a scarlet pause.
Chuck Black, Kingdom's Quest|The time of my departure is here. Place your hand gently on the soil beside my own, and feel the rumble of the earth beneath. The power of a thousand thousands is coming... evil warriors fighting against the Noble One. Here I stand with Him. Take up your sword and come with me, for the Prince is calling. And if you do not go... who will?
Claire North, The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August|This is the squalid, or moving, part of the story, and the scene changes. The people change, too. I'm still around, but from here on in, for reasons I'm not at liberty to disclose, I've disguised myself so cunningly that even the cleverest reader will fail to recognize me.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Be careful what you choose to experience, because you never remain the same person as earlier. Something intrinsically changes you forever!
Channing Pollock|We managed to write chapter one. Chapter two, we will have a child a parent can take home and raise as a cloned child.
John Flanagan, Halt's Peril|Isn't that someone we know?" asked Horace. He pointed to where a cloaked figure sat by the side of the road a few hundred meters away, arms wrapped around his knees. Close by him, a small shaggy horse cropped the grass growing at the edge of the drainage ditch that ran beside the road."So it is," Halt replied. "And he seems to have brought Will with him.
Shannon L. Alder|Writing isn’t necessarily a gift it is a passion. You can write a one page masterpiece to 99 pages of crap. What keeps you coming back is that Zen moment when you enlightened your own self with a few cleverly arranged words and saved yourself a $200 trip to the shrink, by simply buying a #2 pencil.
T.J. Kirk|Iniquity it is; but pass the can.	My lad, no pair of kings our mothers bore;Our only portion is the estate of man:	We want the moon, but we shall get no more. (Last Poems, IX)
Caroline Walken|From my new WIP, Behind the Fan. “Come with me.” His breath is warm; his lips lightly touch her ear, it gives her a delicious tingle. This seduction is no accident.“Baby we can be anywhere, we will start new. Dottie, all I need is you.”She opens her eyes, he turns when he feels the flutter of her lashes. She expects another plea instead; he kisses her. Soft and slow his lips pulling her down deeper into a sweet chasm. This assault on her proprieties will be slow and subdued. He has after all proven that he is a patient man. Those musicians’ finger will trail on the column of her neck first. The touch is warm, soft nevertheless deliberate. Do the top buttons of her blouse come undone on their own accord or has he banished them? She is never sure but before she can register the affect, he lightly strokes the swell of her breast. It is sinful; no matter how often she confesses her weakness to the priest, she is never stronger. Her body willingly betrays her; she will roam her hands down his back, beyond the tapered waist to the hard orbs of his backside. She herself is no innocent, she revels in his plead for more. She is going to hell she wished she cared for her soul.“Honey leap with me, we will land safely I promise you.”“Oh God, Nicky you know it is never this simple.”Nick leans back enough to look into her eyes; she feels he can see damn near to her soul. She prays he will stay but knows her appeal is futile. He feels colder already, it does not matter how she tries to hold on he is already leaving. Leaving her behind.
Antonin Artaud|If there was one thing I feared as I was growing up . . . No, that's stupid. I feared hundreds of things: the dark, the death of my father, the possibility that I might rejoice the death of my mother, sums involving vernier calipers, groups of schoolboys with nothing much to do, death by drowning. But of all these, I feared the most the possibility that I might go mad too.
Robert Peate|Do you want to know the cause of war? It is capitalism, greed, the dirty hunger for dollars. Take away the capitalist, and you will sweep war from the earth.
Christine Warren, Stone Cold Lover|Religious figures, gargoyles, and grotesques, she though, looked fine on Gothic cathedrals, but she'd always spent more time looking at the murals inside the buildings than the carvings outside.So why did this one seem to have captured all her attention?
Sunday Adelaja|Loves JudgeA man once hunted; saved by a woman; summoned for past judgment, could only say,“For love, it was all worth it.
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|Suppose after all that death does end all. Next to eternal joy, next to being forever with those we love and those who have loved us, next to that, is to be wrapt in the dreamless drapery of eternal peace. Next to eternal life is eternal sleep.Upon the shadowy shore of death the sea of trouble casts no wave. Eyes that have been curtained by the everlasting dark, will never know again the burning touch of tears. Lips touched by eternal silence will never speak again the broken words of grief. Hearts of dust do not break. The dead do not weep. Within the tomb no veiled and weeping sorrow sits, and in the rayless gloom is crouched no shuddering fear.I had rather think of those I have loved, and lost, as having returned to earth, as having become a part of the elemental wealth of the world – I would rather think of them as unconscious dust, I would rather dream of them as gurgling in the streams, floating in the clouds, bursting in the foam of light upon the shores of worlds, I would rather think of them as the lost visions of a forgotten night, than to have even the faintest fear that their naked souls have been clutched by an orthodox god.I will leave my dead where nature leaves them. Whatever flower of hope springs up in my heart I will cherish, I will give it breath of sighs and rain of tears. But I cannot believe that there is any being in this universe who has created a human soul for eternal pain. I would rather that every god would destroy himself; I would rather that we all should go to eternal chaos, to black and starless night, than that just one soul should suffer eternal agony.I have made up my mind that if there is a God, he will be merciful to the merciful.Upon that rock I stand. –That he will not torture the forgiving. –Upon that rock I stand. –That every man should be true to himself, and that there is no world, no star, in which honesty is a crime.Upon that rock I stand.The honest man, the good woman, the happy child, have nothing to fear, either in this world or the world to come.Upon that rock I stand.
David Gemmell, Dark Moon|The truth. Men will blind themselves with hot irons, rather than face it.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|You’re as plain as the nose on your face,” said Mr. Pennyworth. “And your nose is remarkably obvious. As is the rest of your face, young man. As are you. For the sake of all that is holy, empty your mind. Now. You are an empty alleyway. You are a vacant doorway. You are nothing. Eyes will not see you. Minds will not hold you. Where you are is nothing and nobody.
Lisi Harrison, Monster High|Her purse was a weight, ballast; it tethered her to the earth as her mind floated away.
C.J. Duggan, The Boys of Summer|I may have been buzzed last night, but I remember everything. I can't promise you that I won't want to drive you home, or kiss you like crazy again. Because I will. I do.
Elif Shafak|Creativity is contagious. And so is banality. Criticism is an art in itself. Don’t let the dullness around destroy the creativity within. T.S. Eliot said, “honest criticism and sensitive appreciation is directed not upon the poet but upon the poetry.” Good to remember…
Adam Gidwitz, The Grimm Conclusion|A trap, like a goodstory, needs to hint at greater things without revealing themuntil the prey is snared.
Bernard Cornwell, The Last Kingdom|Foolishness is more than being stupid, that deadly combination of arrogance and ignorance.
Ikechukwu Izuakor|When words are too heavy for the mouth, the soul weeps in agony
Thomas Cochrane|When I severe my connections with the A.I.A. I do so with my own self respect, as a matter of pride and I am sure within your knowledge of my character.
|You would make a greater impact in the world, if you would engage in attending to the demands of your inner positive voices.
Jackie French, Lady Dance|Lady Dance's music wasn't a magic charm. I'd misunderstood. We had all failed to understand. The song and dance didn't stop us dying. It just stopped the fear of death swallowing us up while we were still alive. 'Rejoice,' came the soft voice of Lady Dance in my mind. 'Watch the moon and stars...' Death had ruled my life till I met Lady Dance. Her dance had set me free.
Dazai Osamu, Shayou|My heart had melted into something akin to a sensation of happiness, peace of mind one might even say, at the realization that I had now reached the very bottom of agony.
Wadada Leo Smith|You don't get happy by sitting around going on, 'Oh this is a horrible situation, what to do?' You've got to find the courage to change that. I think change is extremely hard for people.
Randy Alcorn|In the silence punctuated only by their footsteps, both men thought not of themselves but of a Man who once made a long,lonely march up a hill, who in the world's worst hour did the most courageous thing ever done.At the end of His climb,He spread out His arms and permitted guilty men to drive nails into His hands and feet. He endured untold agony to give undeserving men- like Mike Hollis, Derrick Freeman, Nathan Hayes, and Adam Mitchell- a second chance.To most people none of this - not what these men were doing now, nor what He did two thousand years ago-made sense.From the outside, grace and truth,honor and courage,seldom do.
Jonathan Galassi, Muse|Laurel returned to CJ's bedroom. "Do you want me to remove your clothes?"	"Hell, yeah," he said, and the growly expression immediately vanished.
OMOSOHWOFA CASEY|Anger is very deadly. It leads to intolerance and this causes depression.I have discovered people who are temperamental need help so they can overcome such challenges.Running away from challenges doesn't help but confronting the challenges.In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher. If you must learn how to control your anger, you must practice it by being around those who usually provoke you the most.How you respond to their provocation should be rated by you on different occasions, you compare your latest reaction with your past, assess them and think of better ways to improve next time.Overcoming anger and intolerance is very difficult, but it is possible...it is just a gradual process but change is assured.Taking advice is easy but following the instructions is difficult but with time, if one is ready to overcome anger, it will be a thing of the past.Don't give up on yourself!
Toni Morrison, God Help the Child|In time the whole family perked up like Sesame Street puppets, hoping that cheer, if worked at hard enough, could sugar the living and quiet the dead.
Cheryl L. Ilov|When you know what you're doing, you can do what you want." -Moshe Feldenkrais
Gottfried Leibniz|If you tell the truth about how you're feeling, it becomes funny.
Steve Jobs|Far better is it to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure... than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much, because they live in a gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat.
Martin Scorsese|Fatigue is what we experience, but it is what a match is to an atomic bomb.
Paul Berman|When you aren't sure what it is you hate or why you even hate it, it's hard to hold onto the details...you just hold on to the feelings.
Ben E. King|The only things Mick and I disagree about is the band, the music and what we do.
Rachel Held Evans, Searching for Sunday: Loving, Leaving, and Finding the Church|Seems to me that for you, evangelicalism is like the boyfriend you broke up with two years ago, but whose Facebook page you still check compulsively.
Stephenie Meyer, Breaking Dawn|Life sucks, and then you die.Yeah, I should be so lucky.
Honoré de Balzac|I reckon if you care for someone and you can't have their love, you can either be a spiteful bastard about it or you can try your damnedest to make sure they're going to find some happiness in the world.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|There is no such thing as unrequited love; the phrase ought to be stricken from the lexicon. Love is a thing shared, an intertwining of essential separateness into something not quite alone. There is nothing like it under the heavens. Like bread, it will not be made with flour or water alone; the recipe requires both. Guarding each other’s vulnerability provides the yeast that makes it rise, and salt from the tears that caring brings lends the finishing touch.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.|We must think things not words, or at least we must constantly translate our words into the facts for which they stand, if we are to keep to the real and the true.
James Hutton|To a naturalist nothing is indifferent; the humble moss that creeps upon the stone is equally interesting as the lofty pine which so beautifully adorns the valley or the mountain: but to a naturalist who is reading in the face of the rocks the annals of a former world, the mossy covering which obstructs his view, and renders indistinguishable the different species of stone, is no less than a serious subject of regret.
Matthew McConaughey|Bin Laden wasn't all that central to the terrorist network any more, but taking him down created a kind of national catharsis. It's been a really, really long time since we had something to celebrate that didn't involve a sports team. I'd rather it had been a non-death-related occasion, but we'll take what we can get.
Mary Astell|If all men are born free, how is it that all women are born slaves?
Flora Rheta Schreiber, Sybil: The Classic True Story of a Woman Possessed by Sixteen Personalities|A refusal on the part of psychiatrists and therapists to validate the horrors of their patients' tortured past implies a refusal to take seriously the unconscious psychological mechanisms that individuals need to use to protect themselves from the unspeakable. Such a denial is, however, no longer ethical, for it is in the human capacity to dissociate that lies part of the secret of both childhood abuse and the horrors of the Nazi genocide, both forms of human violence so often carried out by 'respectable' men and women.
Oscar Wilde|I can write no stately proemAs a prelude to my lay;From a poet to a poemI would dare to say.For if of these fallen petalsOne to you seem fair,Love will waft it till it settlesOn your hair.And when wind and winter hardenAll the loveless land,It will whisper of the garden,You will understand.
John C. Polanyi|until he who possesses sapience comes, the one with knowledge shall be the hero
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|She looks honestly upset, but then, I’ve learned that I can’t read her. The problem with a really excellent liar is that you have to just assume they’re always lying.
Tracy McMillan|I'm just going to go live life. I'm going to go enjoy life. I have nothing left to hide. I am kind of a free person, a free soul.
Pooja Hegde|The first 'D' is to dream: dream big - not for yourself, but for the country and for the world. The second 'D' is to discover: discover your full potential and the opportunities that surround you; and the third 'D' is to do. 'Do' means to act on your dreams and make best use of the opportunities you have discovered.
Valery Bryusov|I put my faith in something unknown, beyond the moon, sun, and stars, one day I will own. I put my faith in something, renew. Beyond the rivers, deserts, mountains and valleys.One day it shall become new. I cannot renounce the struggle But yes, it’s what this destiny holds The pain is worst. My heart is whole and will not burst.I live on sweet nothing.I am tired of hope, when this dream is not in the scope. I told the pope, he told me to hold on to life and use the rope.I put my faith in you, this is too good to be true.
Vinita Kinra|You should not be too proud and accept help when it is offered, Lenora. Being overconfident will lead to your defeat if not careful
Max Frisch, Man in the Holocene|The ants Geiser recently observed under a dripping fir tree are not concerned with what anyone might know about them; nor were the dinosaurs, which died out before a human being set eyes on them. All the papers, whether on the wall or on the carpet, can go. Who cares about the Holocene? Nature needs no names. Geiser knows that. The rocks do not need his memory.
M. Scott Peck|Smoke the pipe of peace, bury the tomahawk, and become one nation.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|My husband has never been one to catch the subtleties of a situation. He called every Valentine's Day to ask if I wanted him to stop on the way home to get a card. Every year I said no, don't bother, and he'd say something like, "Okay, but I want to go on record I asked, so you can't say I'm not romantic." I never did point out that any chance the gesture had of being romantic was lost when he asked whether he had to do it.
Emmanuelle de Maupassant, The Gentlemen's Club|An ‘usband should be plain enough to sit at his settle, and simple-minded enough to accept the stew on his plate, rather than looking round ev’ry corner for a more succulent chop,’ declares Elsie.
Jason Medina, A Ghost In New Orleans|He's a nightmare," she said.	"I can be, too." Rook answered, his red eyes glowing. "Just try me.
Zig Ziglar|If you want to increase your success rate, double your failure rate.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|No army is comprised of all the same kinds of units or types of troops. There is power in diversity. If you always see only one choice, or use only one option, you will surely lose more than you win.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy inner joy and happiness, let us use our conscience to create peace and harmony in this world.
Walter Dean Myers|I like 'Zorro.' I like people you can believe that don't have those stupid powers. That is the beauty of Zorro. He's just a guy working for the people, to save the people.
GloZell|I believe China is a major trade violator. The Chinese break all the rules. They counterfeit our goods, steal our international property rights, and hack the computers of our industries and government. Something must be done about it.
Witness Lee, An Autobiography Of A Person In Spirit|Second Corinthians speaks concerning the ministry, which is constituted with, and produced and formed by, the experiences of the riches of Christ through sufferings, consuming pressures, and the killing work of the cross. The ministry is not merely a matter of gift. A person may be able to speak fluently and eloquently and give many good illustrations and proverbs, but this is just a gift. What the church, the Body, needs today is the ministry.
Bacon Francis 1561-1626 Francis|Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be chewed and digested; that is, some books are to be read only in parts; others to be read, but not curiously; and some few to be read wholly, and with diligence and attention. Some books also may be read by deputy, and extracts made of them by others; but that would be only in the less important arguments, and the meaner sort of books, else distilled books are like common distilled waters, flashy things. Reading maketh a full man; conference a ready man; and writing an exact man. And therefore, if a man write little, he had need have a great memory; if he confer little, he had need have a present wit: and if he read little, he had need have much cunning, to seem to know, that he doth not. Histories make men wise; poets witty; the mathematics subtile; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.----Alcuni libri devono essere gustati, altri masticati e digeriti, vale a dire che alcuni libri vanno letti solo in parte, altri senza curiosità, e altri per intero, con diligenza ed attenzione. Alcuni libri possono essere letti da altri e se ne possono fare degli estratti, ma ciò riguarderebbe solo argomenti di scarsa importanza o di libri secondari perché altrimenti i libri sintetizzati sono come l’acqua distillata, evanescente. La lettura completa la formazione di un uomo; il parlare lo fa abile, e la scrittura lo trasforma in un uomo preciso. E, pertanto, se un uomo scrive poco, deve avere una grande memoria, se parla poco ha bisogno di uno spirito arguto; se legge poco deve avere bisogno di molta astuzia in modo da far sembrare di sapere quello che non sa. Le storie fanno gli uomini saggi; i poeti arguti; la matematica sottile; la filosofia naturale profondi; la logica e la retorica abili nella discussione.
Madhuri Dixit|Stewardesses are still paid so little that in many cases, new hires qualify for food stamps.
Debi Gliori, No Matter What|I am the eye that beholds... And I am the dreamer that paints the stars in the night sky... For I am the one they call artist, and you call Love.
Maureen Brady|Even if our survival skills have become impediments we would like to let go of because they have ceased to serve us, we can still love ourselves with them. In appreciation of our survival, we can be awed at how our resources brought us through, even when these resources were things like indifference, a wall of rage, a cold heart…We learn to embrace ourselves as humans with faults and problems.
Diana Lynn|I always challenge myself. I get out in deep water and I always try to get back. But I get hung up. The audience never knows, but that's when I smile the most, when I show the most ivory.
Fran Lebowitz|In real life, I assure you, there is no such thing as algebra. 
Joey Lawsin|Macromanage, Not Micromanage
Ashim Shanker|What are the units of ontology really that I should be a part of a whole, but not be, in all my awareness, chiefly the whole unto itself?
James K.A. Smith, You Are What You Love: The Spiritual Power of Habit|We have created youth ministry that confuses extroversion with faithfulness. We have effectively communicated to young people that sincerely following Jesus is synonymous with being 'fired up' for Jesus, with being excited for Jesus, as if discipleship were synonymous with fostering an exuberant, perky, cheerful, hurray-for-Jesus disposition like what we might find in the glee club or at a pep rally.
Plato|One of the unsettling things about my journey, mentally, physically, and emotionally, was that I wasn’t sure when or where it was going to end. I didn’t know what I was going to do with my life. I felt that I was starting over and over again. I was always on the move, always going somewhere. While we walked, I sometimes lagged behind, thinking about these things. To survive each passing day was my goal in life. At villages where we managed to find some happiness by being treated to food or fresh water, I knew that it was temporary and that we were only passing through. So I couldn’t bring myself to be completely happy. It was much easier to be sad than to go back and forth between emotions, and this gave me the determination I needed to keep moving. I was never disappointed, since I always expected the worst to happen. There were nights when I couldn’t sleep but stared into the darkest night until my eyes could see clearly through it. I thought about where my family was and whether they were alive.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|A person may be proud without being vain. Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us.
George Washington Carver|In El Salvador, when neighbors were disappeared, tortured or killed, people doubted their own knowledge of the victims, and worried there must have been some secret guilt involved to deserve such punishment! That's how political terror succeeds.
Charlie Dent|Freedom of speech and thought matters, especially when it is speech and thought with which we disagree. The moment the majority decides to destroy people for engaging in thought it dislikes, thought crime becomes a reality.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Fear makes the possible look impossible;faith makes the impossible, possible.
|Don't be afraid to give your dream a try. Even if you fail, give it another try and several more until you excel. Success always comes from the willingness to never stop trying.
Philip K. Dick|[T]he term 'nonhuman' grates on me, since it lumps millions of species together by an absence, as if they were missing something. Poor things, they are nonhuman! When students embrace this jargon in their writing, I cannot resist sarcastic corrections in the margin saying that for completeness's sake, they should add that the animals they are talking about are also nonpenguin, nonhyena, and a whole lot more.
Witi Ihimaera, Nights In The Gardens Of Spain|Independence and free thought is what makes a person grow. By giving people the freedom and space to figure out who they are and be that, you give them the power to grow.
Lewis Black|They're so broke that they've actually cut essential services. In many places, they've cut policemen, because, who the fuck needs them? Or firemen, son of a bitch, it's much more fun watching something burn down.
Bobbie Ann Mason|Smokey Robinson writes the heartfelt songs, whereas it was my job to write the songs about weakness and failure in love.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I would suggest that the prisons I incessantly create are not designed to lock me in, rather they are designed to lock the world out. And the oddity is that either way, I am a prisoner who has sentenced himself to a prison within which I do not belong.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Forget organized religions. Forget scriptures. Forget Gods, Fathers, Sons and Spirits. Forget all dogmas taught by the representatives of theoretical religion, and then only you shall be able to visualize the true core of religion.
Anaïs Nin, Incest: From a Journal of Love|Reality doesn't impress me. I only believe in intoxication, in ecstasy, and when ordinary life shackles me, I escape, one way or another. No more walls.
Eliza Manningham-Buller, Securing Freedom: The Former Head of MI5 on Freedom, Intelligence, the Rule of Law, Torture and Security|It seemed to me that transhumanism was an expression of the profound human longing to transcend the confusion and desire and impotence and sickness of the body, cowering in the darkening shadow of its own decay. This longing had historically been the domain of religion, and was now the increasingly fertile terrain of technology.
Jon Ng, Dear Time: Circle of Life|Thing to know about the Reaches....It’s always trying to kill you. Even the empty places between the stars."Asher Corsair, Allies and Enemies: Rogues
Ted Nelson|Everybody wants you to do good things, but in a small town you pretty much graduate and get married. Mostly you marry, have children and go to their football games.
Katherine Boo, Behind the Beautiful Forevers: Life, Death, and Hope in a Mumbai Undercity|.. becoming attached to a country involves pressing, uncomfortable questions about justice and opportunity for its least powerful citizens.
Brittany Snow|As long as your intentions are solid and about growth and progression and being productive and not being idle, then you're doing good in my book.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If you are really angry, then you must be willing to pay the price of being alone or be remanded for someone else to have their freedom, illumination and justice.
Nikola Tesla|We need to give each other the space to grow, to be ourselves, to exercise our diversity. We need to give each other space so that we may both give and receive such beautiful things as ideas, openness, dignity, joy, healing, and inclusion.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is inside us, it's a natural state of mind;to find it, we create war, destroy the world like a blind.
Nikki Rowe|Be captivated by your hearts desire, not distracted by your minds fear.
Virginia Alison|There are as many kinds of kisses as there are people on earth, as there are permutations and combinations of those people. No two people kiss alike—no two people fuck alike—but somehow the kiss is more personal, more individualized than the fuck.
Jamaica Kincaid, The Autobiography of My Mother|It is sad that unless you are born a god, your life,from its very beginning, is a mystery to you.
Tom Hodgkinson, How to Be Idle|Our dreams take us into other worlds, alternative realities that help us make sense of day-to-day realities.
Non Pratt, Remix|Even so, [... in the silence after a winter storm has ceased to howl, in the soft whisper of a morning snowfall, in the way the moonlight sparkles over new-fallen snow, you can feel when she has been near by, ever searching. You can sense the presence of the Winter Child.
Alan W. Watts|Naturally, for a person who finds his identity in something other than his full organism is less than half a man. He is cut off from complete participation in nature. Instead of being a body, he 'has' a body. Instead of living and loving he 'has' instincts for survival and copulation.
Kristy Cambron, A Sparrow in Terezin|You're thinking I'm a changed man. That God has changed me. And that regardless of the fact that my father has left so much damage in his wake, I shouldn't hate him for it. You're telling me to think to the future ... That I shouldn't hold bitterness against the father who left ... And you hope that i can finally forgive him, which is something I've never quite been able to do." "Goodness," Sera beamed back at him. "I thought all that? I'm much wiser than I give myself credit for.
Millie|Listen, whatever you see and love—that’s where you are.
Stacey Marie Brown, Darkness of Light|Holy shit! Can we say unstable? Was I the only sane one around here? Well, I guess that really wasn’t setting the standard very high." -Ember, Darkness Of Light
Christopher West|All the hungers we have for love, for union, for happiness are given by God to lead us to him. The difference between a saint and the greatest sinner is where they go to satisfy that hunger.
Carl Jung|I realized if you can change a classroom, you can change a community, and if you change enough communities you can change the world.
Laura Kreitzer, Fallen Legion|I mean,” her mother paused to choose her words, “maybe you’ll get involved in some school related activities, or join a team, or maybe meet a nice boy.”“Ugh,” Keely groaned, “I don’t have time for that stuff mom. We’ve talked about this.”“Because of the little ghost...searching…thingy you and Tad do?” “It’s called paranormal investigation mom.”“It’s called being antisocial.
N. R. Narayana Murthy|Everyone who's ever taken a shower has an idea. It's the person who gets out of the shower, dries off and does something about it who makes a difference.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|As we know from the study of history, no new system can impose itself upon a previous one without incorporating many of the elements to be found in the latter...
A.F. Stewart, Fairy Tale Fusion|We can't give you any further information," the fairies replied. "Be satisfied, madam, with the assurance that your daughter will be happy." She thanked them very much and did not forget to give them many presents. Although the fairies were quite rich, they always liked people to give them something. Throughout the world this custom has been passed down from that day to our own, and time has not altered it in the least.("Green Serpent")
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|All men are fools, if truth be told, but the ones in motley are more amusing than ones with crowns.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|If you let yourself abandon the I-should-know-this-already attitude and simply accept your ignorance without giving yourself a hard time about it, then you can learn whatever it is you need to learn.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|There is absolutely nothing feminine about the colour pink, or, anything bad-luck'ish about the colour black — in itself.
Paula Weston, Haze|There’s something in my voice that brings him back to me, overrides his buzz. ‘Gaby’—all traces of playfulness have gone—‘if anything ever happens to me, you’ll be fine. You’re strong enough to look after yourself. I hate to admit it, but you don’t need me. Never did.’ A smile. ‘But listen, nothing is going to happen today. It’s all good.’‘Jude, we’re high enough up to get a nose bleed.’‘So come with me.’I blink. ‘Fuck off.’‘I mean it. We can do this together.’ He raises his eyebrows at the girl who checked his harness. She nods.I risk looking over the side. There’s a river far beneath us. So far down we can’t hear it. My entire body goes numb.‘You’ve got about thirty seconds and then I’m going on my own.’What a choice: watch my brother jump out of this car or put aside my own fear and go with him. Share the recklessness. Why didn’t we go to Paris? We’d be arguing over where to buy cheese right now.Adrenaline begins to burn through me. ‘Screw it.’Jude breaks into a wide smile. ‘Seriously?’I glance at the yawning space beneath us. ‘Hurry up before I change my mind.
Jackson Burnett, The Past Never Ends|He recognized it and knew it. In others—clients, witnesses, or sometimes adversaries, he had seen or heard it: A gesture, a phrase, or a tone which exposed unintended truth in the beat of a second.
Lisa Kleypas, Someone to Watch Over Me|Women. You'll interpret anything as love. You see a man wearing an idiotic expression, and you assume he's been struck by Cupid's arrow when in reality, he's digesting a bad turnip.
Donna Augustine, Karma|Would it be possible to speak to this Universe person?""I'm sure that they will understand that there is a personality conflict." It was time to bump my complaint to upper management."No one speaks to the Universe.""Then how do you know what to do?" I leaned in a little."Simple. Through my orders." His eyes started to twitch. "Which you get how?""My memos.
Robin Hobb, Ship of Destiny|This document [the Reconstruction and Development Programme] was translated into a simpler manifesto called 'A Better Life for All', which in turn became the ANC's campaign slogan.
Alexis de Tocqueville|If you're soft and fuzzy, like our little characters, you become the skinny kid on the beach, and people in this business don't mind kicking sand in your face.
Michael Ben Zehabe, A Commentary on Jonah|There is a payoff for examining the divine author's literary style. It will tell you something about Him. Whereas, Jonah's actions are extensively described and laboriously detailed, God's reactions (although miraculous) are only described in sparse, minimalist terms.God seems much more amused by Jonah than Jonah is with God. Every miracle is directed at Jonah. Yet, very little copy is used to described God's miracles. Although God's miracles are much more astonishing than Jonah's immature fits of rebellion, more copy is dedicated to Jonah.
Sushil Singh|i am not oxytocin but i will try to become, because I am Live In oxytocin Society
Kristin Walker, A Match Made in High School|Your name?"The movements of the man's mouth didn't quite match what he was saying, so seeing him speak was a bit like watching a badly dubbed film."Alex Gardiner," Alex said. "Your real name?""I just told you.""You lied. Your real name is Alex Rider.""Why ask if you think you know?
Georgette Heyer, The Grand Sophy|He would not object, he said, to accepting a post as a librarian. But as Cecilia was unable to imagine that her father or her brother would feel any marked degree of satisfaction in giving her in marriage to a librarian, this very handsome concession on Mr Fawnhope's part merely added to her despondency.
Tati-Ana Mercedes|Confidence is being able to say ‘Fuck you, I’m the shit’ without opening your mouth, say it with your walk, with your smile, say it with your entire being.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Future strong leadership means being willing to stand alone. Often, the times we feel most vulnerable are when we stand alone, before others join us. When we choose to be the first voice echoing above the silence. Standing strong, alone.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Dawn and Rescue|The woman laughed again. She was the loudest person in the cave. Eena wondered if perhaps she was talking to a female Ghengat. Curiosity got the best of her and she turned around to look, surprised to find neither a Ghengat nor a Harrowbethian woman, but a Mishmorat. A striking, cheetah-spotted Mishmorat with straight lengths of charcoal hair and the most alluring dark eyes in existence. This bronzed female was the same size as Eena but observably more muscular. She appeared to be a mix of cheetah, Arabian princess, and gladiator in tight-fitting pants. Eena paused, dropping the stone in her hands. “Kira?” she breathed.“Hmmm,” the woman grumbled. Her painted eyes scrunched with displeasure. The look was still stunning. “I see my reputation precedes me.” Eena gawked as if a legendary ghost had been resurrected. “You’re alive?
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|One day in my pharmacology class, we were discussing the possibility of legalizing marijuana. The class was pretty evenly divided between those that advocated legalizing marijuana and those that did not. The professor said he wanted to hear from a few people on both sides of the argument. A couple students had the opportunity to stand in front of the class and present their arguments. One student got up and spoke about how any kind of marijuana use was morally wrong and how nobody in the class could give him any example of someone who needed marijuana.	A small girl in the back of the classroom raised her hand and said that she didn’t want to get up, but just wanted to comment that there are SOME situations in which people might need marijuana. The same boy from before spoke up and said that she needed to back up her statements and that he still stood by the fact that there wasn’t anyone who truly needed marijuana. 	The same girl in the back of the classroom slowly stood up. As she raised her head to look at the boy, I could physically see her calling on every drop of confidence in her body. She told us that her husband had cancer. She started to tear up, as she related how he couldn’t take any of the painkillers to deal with the radiation and chemotherapy treatments. His body was allergic and would have violent reactions to them. She told us how he had finally given in and tried marijuana. Not only did it help him to feel better, but it allowed him to have enough of an appetite to get the nutrients he so desperately needed.	She started to sob as she told us that for the past month she had to meet with drug dealers to buy her husband the only medicine that would take the pain away. She struggled every day because according to society, she was a criminal, but she was willing to do anything she could to help her sick husband. Sobbing uncontrollably now, she ran out of the classroom. The whole classroom sat there in silence for a few minutes. Eventually, my professor asked, “Is there anyone that thinks this girl is doing something wrong?” Not one person raised their hand.
Jane Yolen, Things to Say to a Dead Man: Poems at the End of a Marriage and After|from Taking Your Clothes to the Salvation Army:Okay, so strangers will be grateful for this, will wear the socks to keep their feet warm, blow their noses in your handkerchiefs, pull up the shorts, tuck in the size large shirts (too small for our boys, too big for our daughter), and bits of you will be out there, engaging in a life you no longer have.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|We are working well when we use ourselves as the fellow creatures of the plants, animals, materials, and other people we are working with. Such work is unifying, healing. It brings us home from pride and from despair, and places us responsible within the human estate. It defines us as we are: not too good to work with our bodies, but too good to work poorly or joylessly or selfishly or alone. (pg. 134, The Body and the Earth)
Richard Dawkins|The world and the universe is an extremely beautiful place, and the more we understand about it the more beautiful does it appear. It is an immensely exciting experience to be born in the world, born in the universe, and look around you and realise that before you die you have the opportunity of understanding an immense amount about that world and about that universe and about life and about why we're here. We have the opportunity of understanding far, far more than any of our predecessors ever. That is such an exciting possibility, it would be such a shame to blow it and end your life not having understood what there is to understand.
China Miéville, King Rat|I know how you feel. But people can't surpass their true design. Our talents, our gifts. All programmed into us from the start. I know this because since birth... I was made to destroy.
Jacques Bonnet, Phantoms on the Bookshelves|Hundreds of thousands of people live in my library. Some are real, others are fictional. The real ones are the so-called imaginary characters in works of literature, the fictional ones are their authors. We know everything about the former, or at least as much as we are meant to know, everything that is written about a given character in a novel, a story or a poem in which she or he figures...The rest doesn't matter. Nothing is hidden from us. For us, a novel's characters are real. (p. 80
St. Charles Borromeo|As they perform this ritual, I almost have to turn away, thinking again what a boomeranging, out-of-body experience it is to watch a religious childhood from the outside, when before I was in the very marrow of it.
Fakeer Ishavardas|People do change. And no matter how close we once were, and how much we opened up to each other, maybe neither if us know anything substantial about the other.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Freedom from the Known|In order to observe the movement of your own mind and heart, of your whole being, you must have a free mind, not a mind that agrees and disagrees, taking sides in an argument, disputing over mere words, but rather following with an intention to understand - a very difficult thing to do because most of us don't know how to look at, or listen to, our own being any more than we know how to look at the beauty of a river or listen to the breeze among the trees
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|There are times when eye contact can move to the dark side and become creepy, hostile, rude, or condescending. When it is overused or made for the wrong reasons, eye contact can make others feel uncomfortable and leave a terrible impression . . . •	obsessive staring•	mocking•	too much intensity •	inappropriate focus•	averting eyes•	obvious contempt •	gawking, ogling •	casting the "evil eye"•	over-watching•	intimidating•	unwelcome looks•	rolling the eyes
Scott Mackay, Phytosphere|Depend on the rabbit's foot if you will, but remember it didn't work for the rabbit
Bill Watterson|At school, new ideas are thrust at you every day. Out in the world, you'll have to find your inner motivation to seek for new ideas on your own.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Are Women Human? Astute and Witty Essays on the Role of Women in Society|In reaction against the age-old slogan, "woman is the weaker vessel," or the still more offensive, "woman is a divine creature," we have, I think, allowed ourselves to drift into asserting that "a woman is as good as a man," without always pausing to think what exactly we mean by that. What, I feel, we ought to mean is something so obvious that it is apt to escape attention altogether, viz: (...) that a woman is just as much an ordinary human being as a man, with the same individual preferences, and with just as much right to the tastes and preferences of an individual. What is repugnant to every human being is to be reckoned always as a member of a class and not as an individual person.
DINESH DEVIREDDY|To all the defiant stoics, laughing and fighting lonesome battles in the face of adversity.
Marie Treanor, Blood on Silk|I press my face against his chest, inhale his scent, take comfort from it. "I'm so sorry, Victor. I'm not sure I realized how truly awful this is for you.""It could be worse. I might not have you."I sink against him."Trust me," he whispers.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Her smile grew bitter as desert brine. "The gods may forgive Ista all day long. But if Ista does not forgive Ista, the gods may go hang themselves.
Lenise Lee, RISE|If you have no idea what I’m about to do, just watch and wait..then you’ll see time spin to a stop right before your eyes..and you’ll forget that world you once knew
Matshona Dhliwayo|There is always hope and room for faith. Unless, of course, you trust the voice that screams otherwise, while ignoring the whisper that knows this to be true.
Jason Silva|It's only when you risk failure that you discover things. When you play it safe, you're not expressing the utmost of your human experience.
William Cowper|For it's Tommy this an' Tommy that  and "Chuck 'im out  the brute." But it's "Savior of 'is country " when the guns begin to shoot.
Emma Frances Dawson, An Itinerant House, And Other Ghost Stories|It is as easy to find a lover as to keep a friend, but as hard to find a friend as to keep a lover.
Joshua David Stone, A Beginner's Guide to the Path of Ascension (The Ascension Series)|We are not trapped by our thoughts. What we generally do, however, is create thoughts that trap us.” (p.162)
Leo Tolstoy, Family Happiness|I had begun to feel that life was a repetition of the same thing; that there was nothing new either in me or in him; and that, on the contrary, we kept going back as it were on what was old.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|-Mikhail?...Try making suggestions next time, or just plain asking. You go do whatever it is you're doing, and I'll go search you extensive library for a book on manners.-You will not find it.-Why am I not surprised?
Guy Vanderhaeghe, The Last Crossing|Not to do as the child wishes would be wrong because he is born on a path, and it would be evil, a crime against nature to make him deny his spirit.
Tracy Morgan|Sometimes I find I'm wearing a divided, split brain in terms of drama and humor.
Charles G. Finney, The Circus of Dr. Lao|The stars, like dust, encircle meIn living mists of light;And all of space I seem to seeIn one vast burst of sight
Idries Shah|At the last moment, she remembered that her Master might be watching her and, knowing that good girls bend at the knees while bad girls bend at the waist, she picked up the cigar butt, as it were, in style.
Emanuel Steward|Gardens are not made by singing 'Oh, how beautiful,' and sitting in the shade.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the wilderness, God performs His mighty miracles.
Ally Condie, Matched|I feel us tilting toward each other like trees in a strong breeze. I've been craving the sight of him for days, but now its not enough. I'm not sure who moves first. The inches between us are erased until I'm in his arms and my mouth finds his.
Jean Baptiste Perrin|Lastly, and doubtless always, but particularly at the end of the last century, certain scholars considered that since the appearances on our scale were finally the only important ones for us, there was no point in seeking what might exist in an inaccessible domain. I find it very difficult to understand this point of view since what is inaccessible today may become accessible tomorrow (as has happened by the invention of the microscope), and also because coherent assumptions on what is still invisible may increase our understanding of the visible.
Shannon Celebi|Some people make enough, some people don’t, and it has nothing to do with their paycheck.
Abigail Adams|The decent, strong person had to do decent, strong things like love unlovable people and keep peace even when it wasn't easy.
Charlie Cox|My intent is not to inflame Muslims but to entertain readers of great thrillers. At the end of the day, I want people to see a good protagonist struggle against serious odds and do so with courage and honor and integrity.
Geraldine Brooks|It didn't take me long out there, in the landscapes my father had painted, to realize that as much as I loved my country [Australia], I barely knew it. I'd spent so many years studying the art of our immigrant cultures, and barely any time at all on the one that had been here all along....So I set myself a crash course and became a pioneer in a new field: desperation conservation. My job became the documentation and preservation of ancient Aboriginal rock art, before the uranium and bauxite companies had a chance to blast it into rubble" (pp. 345-346)
Tom Walsh|Our culture values independence and isolation far too much, it seems to me--we have a hard time making ourselves part of things, of making ourselves responsible to others, and trusting others to be there for us. Sure, there's pain involved if we get hurt, but there's far more pain in isolation. I love community because God gave us other people to live with, not to pull away from, and I learn so much from others that I can't imagine my life without the learning I've gained from getting to know other people.
Chuck Schumer|Directing is a really kind of amazing thing, because you're helping others and, in the middle of that, you have to worry about yourself.
Simon Baron-Cohen, Zero Degrees of Empathy: A New Theory of Human Cruelty|I remember sitting in the Beth Shalom synagogue in Cambridge on the night of Kol Nidre. Peter Lipton, a friend and an atheist philosopher, was giving a sermon on the theme of “atonement:” “If we treat another person as essentially bad, we dehumanize him or her. If we take the view that every human being has some good in them, even if it is only 0.1 percent of their makeup, then by focusing on their good part, we humanize them. By acknowledging and attending to and rewarding their good part, we allow it to grow, like a small flower in a desert.
John  Adams, The Letters of John and Abigail Adams|Do you know how to pick a lock?""Not in the least, I'm afraid.""I often wonder what we go to school for," said Wimsey.
RVM|Even one day lost in misery is a great loss, for the day will never come back again. You lose 24 hours of happiness, joy & bliss. Live each day in happiness.
Terry Spear, Jaguar Hunt|Hiking is like life...You can spend the whole trip just watching the trail ahead, worrying that you'll twist an ankle or fall.And then you miss all this.
Paul Edward Gottfried, After Liberalism: Mass Democracy in the Managerial State|Today pluralism operates as a court religion, while having less and less intellectual credibility. Betraying the plastic terminology in which its directives are framed are the additions to the “Human Rights Code” passed in the Canadian province of Ontario in 1994. The Code cites “human dignity” to justify the criminalization of “conduct or communication [that] promotes the superiority or inferiority of a person or class because of race, class, or sexual orientation.” The law has already been applied to prosecute scholars making hereditarian arguments about social behavior, and its proponents defend this muzzling as necessary for “human dignity.” But never are we told whence that dignity is derived. It is certainly not the one to which the Bible, a text that unequivocally condemns certain “sexual orientations,” refers. Nor are we speaking here about the dignity of nonengineered academic discourse, an act that the supporters of the Ontario Human Rights Code consider to be criminal if judged insensitive. Yet the pluralist advocates of human rights codes that now operate in Canada, Australia, England, and on the European continent assume there is a human dignity. Indeed this dignity is so widely and passionately accepted, or so it is asserted, that we must criminalize unkind communication. In the name of that supposedly axiomatic dignity, we are called upon to suppress scholarship and even to imprison its authors.
Dean Young|A writing day is like any other day. Except I live in my pajamas, I forget to eat, and I suddenly look up, wondering when day turned into night.
Susan Orlean, The Orchid Thief: A True Story of Beauty and Obsession|Okay, fuck the sundial. We'll just go straight and eventually we'll get there. What I mean is that we'll get somewhere. Out of here. I mean, logically, we have to get out as long as we walk straight. I've done this millions of times. Whenever everything's killing me, I just say to myself, screw it, and go straight ahead.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The Word of God, strengthen the spirit! Mediate on it daily!
Ludwig von Mises|Thanks to television, for the first time the young are seeing history made before it is censored by their elders.
Tom Peters|Libraries function as crucial technology hubs, not merely for free Web access, but those who need computer training and assistance. Library business centers help support entrepreneurship and retraining.
Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings|He edged closer to his father’s bones and sinews. Penny slipped an arm around him and he lay close against the lank thigh. His father was the core of safety. His father swam the swift creek to fetch back his wounded dog. The clearing was safe, and his father fought for it, and for his own. A sense of snugness came over him and he dropped asleep.
Rod Stewart|Who is the other woman whose photograph I do not have? If my mother was the first in my life, she was the last: my lover and my downfall, my hope and my despair. Her photographs I burned in an ashtray, one at a time - some might say to be rid of the evidence. Her name was Theresa Aden: Theresa like the saint; Aden like Eden, complete with snake.
Nalini Singh, Silver Silence|Death comes in endless forms. Of the body. Of the soul. Of the heart. - Catriona Mercant, philosopher and warrior. (circa 1419)
Taryn Leigh, Perfect Imperfections|Reagan, I pledge to you my trust and loyalty. You are it for me, for better or for worse, for richer or poorer, in sickness or in heath. You have my vow that in all things, I will love you unconditionally. Know that you and whatever kids we have will come first in my life. It will be my goal to keep you and our children happy for the rest of my life.
M.E. Ellington, The Martialis Incident|What's a jagoff?" Stich asked."It's like a jerkoff, except it's you," Kat said.
Sarah Brownlee|And you, you’re an angel,’ he said, scornfully, ‘but an angel from a hot place. Since I’m the devil, that makes you one of my subjects. I think I’ll brand you.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|The only activity a cynic will find contagious is yawning, that is, with other people, at other people.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|There is no formula to relationships. They have to be negotiated in loving ways, with room for both parties, what they want and what they need, what they can do and what their life is like.
Thomas Burnett Swann, Day of the Minotaur|I only wanted to tell you that this was the wonderful time for you. Don’t let any of it go by without enjoying it. There won’t be any more merry-go-rounds. No more cotton candy. No more band concerts. I only wanted to tell you, Martin, that this is the wonderful time. Now! Here! That’s all. That’s all I wanted to tell you.
Peggy Kopman-Owens|There will always be ups and downs, twists and turns in our lives. But we have to find the strength to keep moving forward. The past is done, it’s over, and you can’t change it. You can hold on to your memories and learn from them. Look at what’s in front of you, focus on your vision, and run toward it! Because when it’s all said and done, only you are in charge of your strength, your peace, and your happiness.
Cristiano Ronaldo|For me, documentary photography has always come with great responsibility. Not just to tell the story honestly and with empathy, but also to make sure the right people hear it. When you photograph somebody who is in pain or discomfort, they trust you to make sure the images will act as their advocate.
Carol Hughes, Dirty Magic|Now that we've come up with all the obvious answers to our problem, it's time to come up with some truly ridiculous ones.""Ridiculous?" asked Brasque."Yes, ridiculous. Think of something impossible, improbable or downright ridiculous and go from there.""Like we all flap our arms and fly out of here," said Katherine."Exactly!" said Spider."How about we form a long line all the way to the mountains and pass the charges along it?" said Brasque."Excellent," said Spider. "Keep it coming.""What if we each carry one charge, run back, carry another, and so on?" said Tom, getting into the swing of things."Lovely!" laughed Spider. "Now we're cooking."The shower of sparks shot out of the top of the Amadragon. Joe shielded his eyes with his hand."Yeah, and we can all climb on the Amadragon and ride out of here," he said."What was that, Joe?" said Spider, suddenly dropping the jokey manner. "What's the Amadragon?"Katherine's eyes glittered. "He means that," she said, pointing at the excavator. Everyone except Spider turned and looked. "He's talking about the giant machine, the one that keeps shooting sparks in the air."Spider cocked his ear and listened to the rumble of the Amadragon's engine. "So Orlemann built the dragon, did he?" he said. "I'd been wondering what the noise was. If they built it to the original specifications, it should get us out of here within an hour. Let's pray that will give us enough time!
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Valperga: Or, the Life and Adventures of Castruccio, Prince of Lucca|We look back to times past, and we mass them together, and say in such a year such and such events took place, such wars occupied that year, and during the next there was peace. Yet each year was then divided into weeks, days, minute, and slow-moving seconds, during which there were human minds to note and distinguish them, as now.
John Mark Reynolds|A fantastically huge, roiling cloud, glowing bluish gray, swaggered over the city. It was more than three miles tall. Below it Hiroshima was boiling.
Jen Pollock Michel, Teach Us to Want: Longing, Ambition & the Life of Faith|New freedoms surface old habits. I haven't left sin behind, only discovered a new medium for my treachery. My real trouble as a writer isn't trying to mean the words that I write. It's living into the words that I mean. Nonfiction writing can feel like the high art of hypocrisy.
Amitabh Bachchan|In my case, my mother had to be my mother and father, so I am thankful to her.
Crestless Wave|Often, little brother, there is no smoke without fire.
Peace Pilgrim|If I could apologise and go back and change history I would do. But the goal is still a goal, Argentina became world champions and I was the best player in the world.
Carl Prude  Jr., Anchored in Light: Understanding and Overcoming the Five Deadliest Threats to Your Faith|What was it you told me, Jesus?” she asked him softly. “Do you remember? Love is love is love. Pain is pain is pain. Knowledge is knowledge. It doesn’t matter what shape or form it takes, what matters is how you use it, what you do with it, and if you can accept it with some measure of grace. If you can, it’s the most beautiful thing in the world. If you can’t...
Alan Bradley, Thrice the Brinded Cat Hath Mew'd|Giving someone the benefit of the doubt is not so simple as it sounds. What it means, in fact, is being charitable--which, as the vicar is fond of pointing out, is the most difficult of the graces to master. Faith and hope are a piece of cake but charity is a Pandora's box: the monster in the cistern which, when the lid is opened, comes swarming out to seize you by the throat.
Michelle M. Pillow, Love Potions|Emotions like these didn't happen to regular, everyday people. They couldn't or else the entire world would be fornicating all the time.
Dalai Lama XIV|When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace.
Michael Grant, Gone|The greater good has been defined as "the ends justify the means." The common good says that "liberty resides in the means.
P.A.  Ross, The Birth of Vengeance|There was a dark aura about him, a hint of caged power in that deceptively casual, sprawled poise. Danger personified.If this had been a film she would have expected to hear the warning wail of an electric guitar creep over the soft background bustle of the city.
Niels Bohr|It is not enough to be wrong, one must also be polite.
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|Stop – Unplug – Escape – Enjoy.’ This is the message of the Priory, and the key to enjoying a peaceful and rewarding life.
Stephen Colbert|we wish you everything you wish yourself' Jurgen said.'What do you wish yourself?' Birgit asked.I felt silly 'I don't really have any specific wishes''a new old man perhaps?' Juliet said playfully'but please, not just any old man!' I said.'of course not just any old man! The man with whom it'll all be different.
Terry Tempest Williams|We come into this world through women: a woman who is spent, broken open, in awe. No wonder women have been worshiped ever since men first saw the crowning of a head, here, legs spread, a brushstroke of light. We are fire. We are water. We are earth. We are air. We are all things elemental. The world begins with "Yes,"Changing women: we begin again like the moon. We can no longer deny the destiny that is ours by becoming women who wait: waiting to love, waiting to speak, waiting to act. This is not patience, but pathology. We are sensual, sexual beings, intrinsically bound to both heaven and earth, our bodies a hologram. In our withholding of power, we abrogate power, and that creates war. The Australian poet Judith Wright says, "Our dream was the wrong dream, our strength was the wrong strength. Wounded, we cross the desert's emptiness and must be false to what would make us whole.
Sidney Lanier|We don't pray for the land. We pray for the humans, all humans... starting with the president, Mohammed Morsi, and all officials, and for God to give everyone wisdom and responsibility to manage the affairs of this country and its people in true Egyptian spirit.
Pablo Picasso|When I was a child my mother said to me, 'If you become a soldier, you'll be a general. If you become a monk, you'll be the pope.' Instead I became a painter and wound up as Picasso.
Salman Khan|A lot of people think Formula One isn't a sport because everyone drives a car when they go to work in the morning. But we're pulling up to six G on a corner or during breaking, which is almost like being a fighter pilot. So we have to do a lot of work on our neck muscles.
Mullk Raj Anand|Because there is no challenge, there is no reason to work hard. And with no reason to work hard, we all have become lazy. Lazy people are like cancer. They spread. Before you know it, the entire country is destroyed.
JUVENALIUS|Juvenalius, 15 and gay, has been raised in a difficult family and has been held in his aunt's Diana suffocating iron grip for all of his life. He has been made to feel worthless and ashamed; with no freedom, only obedience. Yet this begins to change one day when he meets a boy named Davis at his high school who has drawn the meaningful letter 'C' on his right hand. Now Juvenalius has hope but his behavioral changes are seen as an act of defiance in his aunt's eyes until she catches Juvenalius and Davis kissing out back under the school's library windows. Then Juve's life is unexpectedly transformed.
Robert Tew|I find it very sad that by the time corporate science realizes the value of nature, that it may be too late
Sebastian Marincolo|The movie Koyaanisqatsi shows non-commented time-lapse footage and focuses our attention on the very rhythm of our civilized modern life and nature. A marijuana high can do something for a user similar to what this time-lapse footage does. The enhancement of episodic memory and the acceleration of associative streams of memories can alter and enhance our recognition of patterns in our lives in various ways. If we are presented with quick associative chains of past experiences, we can see a pattern in a body of information that is usually not at once presented to our “inner eye” as such.
Scott A. Sandage, Born Losers: A History of Failure in America|I feel like a failure." The expression comes so naturally that we forget it is a figure of speech: the language of business applied to the soul.
Paul David Tripp|Personal ministry is not about always knowing what to say. It is not about fixing everything in sight that is broken. Personal ministry is about connecting people with Christ so that they are able to think as he would have them think, desire what he says is best, and do what he calls them to do even if their circumstances never get "fixed." It involves exposing hurt, lost, and confused people to God's glory, so that they give up their pursuit of their own glory and live for his.
David Louden, Heroes of Hollywood Boulevard|Every little prick out there wants me to lift them. I had this one kid from Oklahoma, big fat shitter he was. Legs as fat as a Downers forehead screaming Up, up, Hulk up! at me for ten minutes until I had no other choice. Fat fucker damn near put my back out and then his old man stiffs me with Canadian dollars. Canadian, can you believe that shit?!
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana|Grounding is taking a conscious effort to retract oneself from the world’s distractions, and then focusing on listening to isolate the voice of God within from the voice of the ego. The voice of God within is where all the answers lie.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|I'm not a goose, you're the gooses for crying over nothing
Will Hazlitt|In the absence of a confirmed fact, rumors are usually sanctified as the truth. And that is what goes out there in the media.
Wallace Stevens|Look, do you see that poem?' she said suddenly, pointing.
Ian Tucker, Your Simple Path - Find Happiness in every step.|We all need something that takes us out of day to day and reminds us that it's all ok."
Daniel Bruhl|I am thankful to Nichia Chemical Corporation and its founder Nobu Ogawa, who gave me the research opportunity to create a blue LED.
Gloria Naylor, Linden Hills|Stay insane, but behave like normal people. Run the risk of being different, but learn to do so without attracting attention. Concentrate on this flower and allow the real "I" to reveal itself.
Richard Due|The library in 2020 will be ruled by geeks. In my happy vision for the future, libraries are ruled by benign geek librarian overlords and the world is full of awesome.
George Carlin, Brain Droppings|Once you leave out all the bullshit they teach you in school, life gets really simple.
Tara Janzen, Crazy Hot|Hanson got to sleep with you, and I didn't,” he said, his own jaw a little tight. “So I stole his car.
David Nicholls, Us|It didn't help when he told David that his mother would always be with him, even if he couldn't see her. An unseen mother couldn't go for long walks with you on summer evenings, drawing the names of trees and flowers from her seemingly infinite knowledge of nature; or help you with your homework, the familiar scent of her in your nostrils as she leaned in to correct a misspelling or puzzle over the meaning of an unfamiliar poem; or read with you on cold Sunday afternoons when the fire
Bernard Kelvin Clive|God performs miracles, but even for a man to walk on water, action is required.
Angela Quarles, Must Love Chainmail|She straightened and crossed her arms. “I can’t sleep with you,” she blurted.… “As you please.”“As you please?” She stepped back, the rough wood of the bench bumping her upper calf. She’d braced herself for a battle and now felt oddly deflated. “You aren’t going to try to talk me into it?”“I need not talk women into lying with me.
Bill Bryson|The lesson of every extinction, says the Smithsonian’s Doug Erwin, is that we can’t predict what the world will be 5 million years later by looking at the survivors."There will be plenty of surprises. Let’s face it: who would’ve predicted the existence of turtles? Who would ever have imagined that an organism would essentially turn itself inside out, pulling its shoulder girdle inside its ribs to form a carapace? If turtles didn’t exist, no vertebrate biologist would’ve suggested that anything would do that: he’d have been laughed out of town. The only real prediction you can make is that life will go on. And that it will be interesting.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|I landed on my side, my hip taking the brunt of the fall. It burned and stung from the hit, but I ignored it and struggled to sit up quickly. There really was no point in hurrying so no one would
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Remastered|You are a blue rose, Letti. It’s almost impossible that you exist amongst the other roses but you do. You bring wonder to those who are lucky enough to find you. The blue rose is lonely, lost and awaits someone special to believe in them; the same feeling I got from you the day we met. Blue roses are incomprehensible and mysterious. And so are you.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|The Moon is slipping from our grasp at a rate of about 1.5 inches a year. In another two billion years it will have receded so far that it won’t keep us steady and we will have to come up with some other solution, but in the meantime you should think of it as much more than just a pleasant feature in the night sky.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|A party of order or stability, and a party of progress or reform, are both necessary elements of a healthy state of political life.
Olive Green|Although she was giddy with exhaustion, sleep was a lover who refused to be touched....
London Casey (Karolyn James), Stripped|[John] watched the flames for a while. "I would have to say that I find God in serving His children. 'When I was hungry and you fed me, I was thirsty and you gave me to drink, I was a stanger and you welcomed me, naked and you clothed me, sick and you cared for me, imprisoned and you came to me.'" The words lingered in the air as the fire popped and hissed softly. Sondoz had stopped pacing and stood motionless in a far corner of the room, his face in shadows, firelight glittering on the metallic exoskeleton of his hands. "Don't hope for more than that, John," he said. "God will break your heart.
Sonya Hartnett, Surrender|Increase of knowledge only discovered to me more clearly what a wretched outcast I was. I cherished hope, it is true, but it vanished when I beheld my person reflected in water or my shadow in the moonshine, even as that frail image and that inconstant shade.
Brandy Nacole, Broken Faith|She took hold of him through his pants. "I want this inside me five minutes ago.
Christopher  Lee, Lord of Misrule|But he meant beauty in the sense of its organic connection to the material. And this is the connection that, for me, separates true stylists from decorators. The decorators are easy to recognize. That's why critics love them so.
Lydia Ko|I'm more straightforward, and I speak up more than I did before. When I was younger, I wouldn't speak up as much, but now that I'm a mom, things have changed.
Paul Pearsall|Our most basic instinct is not for survival but for family. Most of us would give our own life for the survival of a family member, yet we lead our daily life too often as if we take our family for granted.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Break out to go out___________________The birds dare to break the egg shellIt does so in order to get out of that HellWhen it finally succeeds, it’ll then flyTo its comfort zone it’ll say byeAre you being confined in a small spaceHow long will you remain at that place?Before you can explore more territories,Break away from the former glories.Yesterday’s excellence is today’s averageYou must strive to be better age after ageNever accept the available mediocrityAs the only preferable opportunityDecide to grow from below to heroAnd make it a point to vacate level zeroReach out and arise with powerGod’s blessings on you, will showerAgree to grow, never attempt to be slowBe not afraid. Never doubt. You’ll flowThe grace of God will be your guideTaking you along, side by side.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|They are from another world, another way of life that somehow has merged with our own. These worlds are kept separate for the safety of everyone." "And yet, I connect them." "You do.
Suzanna J. Linton, Clara|Emmerich's heart in his throat, he could only stare down at Monica, who looked up at him with glassy eyes as she shivered with pain and choked on blood.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|To Polish the Gold & Help Others Shine . . . Focus on the Positives:Focusing on the positives will get you further in business and further in life. Whatever you focus on will expand. If you focus on what you do not like about another person, they will become so intolerable to you that you cannot bear to be around them. However, if you focus on their positives and can find something redeeming, regardless of how small, the positivity needed to experience a more constructive interaction and relationship will manifest before your eyes.
Irfa Rahat|I neither revenge nor forgive, I just choose to ignore.
Jonas Karlsson, The Room|What do we know of our mothers? I thought I knew her. But I'd seen her as a child sees a good mother--pure, transparent, incapable of deception.
Dr. Lucas D. Shallua|Reality is mainly based on knowledge, what you do not know doesn't exist to you. Above all get knowledge and wisdom.
Janet Mullany, Improper Relations|I mumble my vows, Shad mutters his, and I wonder what would happen if I lunged for the door like a wild animal seeking its freedom. I could probably outrun his one-legged friend, but Shad has something of the greyhound about him.
Diana Jaber|Isn't it beautiful when you just stand there right in your track and watch something so amazing, so heart-warming, that you lose track of time and then don't know what to do from there onwards?
Robert Tew|Strength of character isn't always about how much you can handle before you break, it's also about how much you can handle after you've broken.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|He was not my boyfriend. On the other hand, he wasn't just a friend either. Instead, our relationship was elastic, stretching between those two extremes depending on who else was around, how much either of us had to drink, and other varying factors. This was exactly what I wanted, as commitments had never really been my thing. And it wasn't like it was hard, either. The only trick was never giving more than you were willing to lose.
Bill Blais, No Good Deed|I’m in a secret underground hideout of a group of monster hunters, filled with magical totems, brass monkeys that move and enough firepower to take over a small country.
Clarice Lispector, The Passion According to G.H.|Ignorance of the law of irreducibility was no excuse. I could no longer excuse myself with the claim that I didn't know the law -- for knowledge of self and of the world is the law that, even though unattainable, cannot be broken, and no one can excuse himself by saying that he doesn't know it. . . . The renewed originality of the sin is this: I have to carry out my unknowing, I shall be sinning originally against life.
Antal Szerb, Journey by Moonlight|….For instance, I hated Pearl Jam at the time. I thought they were pompous blowhards. Now, whenever a Pearl Jam song comes on the car radio, I find myself pounding my fist on the dashboard, screaming, “Pearl JAM! Pearl JAM! Now this is rock and roll! Jeremy’s SPO-ken! But he’s still al-LIIIIIVE!
Justin Cronin, The City of Mirrors|I would not say I was a nonbeliever; rather, that I gave little if any thought to celestial concerns. It did not seem to me that God, whoever he was, would be the sort of god to take an interest in the minutiae of human affairs, or that this fact released us from the duty to go about our lives in a spirit of decency to others.
Jo Kadlecek, When Girls Became Lions|If you're nice, decent, attractive, get good grades and are talented, no one wants to read about that...They want to read what's out-of-the-ordinary, the scandalous, the shocking and the tragic. They want a story; they want to be captivated and what's typical does not give them that...unless, of course, that person ends up a victim, commits a crime or loses their minds via a love affair.
Joe Abercrombie, Best Served Cold|Monza never had understood why getting out a tit or two made for a better painting. But painters seemed to think it did, so tits is what you got.
Arnold Schwarzenegger|Besides taking jobs from American workers, illegal immigration creates huge economic burdens on our health care system, our education system, our criminal justice system, our environment, our infrastructure and our public safety.
Jane Roberts, Dreams, "Evolution," and Value Fulfillment, Volume One: A Seth Book|If toes had eyes,then I could seehow my feet know where to go,but toes are blind.And how is it that my tonguespeaks words it cannot hear?Because for all its eloquence,the tongue itself is deaf,and flaps in soundlessness.
Yeonmi Park, In Order to Live: A North Korean Girl's Journey to Freedom|When I go to hell, I mean to carry a bribe: for look you, good gifts evermore make way for the worst persons.
Ellen Key|Education is not only a ladder of opportunity, but it is also an investment in our future.
Ivan E. Coyote|When I'm good, I'm very good, but when I'm bad, I'm better. 
John Bradshaw, Healing the Shame that Binds You|When we sat down on the couch again, you curled up against my side, like you used to when you were a tod
J.E.B. Spredemann, An Unforgivable Secret|It’s important to have a husband that lives and believes the same way you do. Otherwise, you’re asking for problems.
Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism|With "gay marriage," the last shreds of meaning will be stripped away from marriage, with homosexuals finishing what faithless, selfish heterosexuals have begun.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|Better was it to go unknown and leave behind you an arch, then to burn like a meteor and leave no dust.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...the monk beat me to break my spirit, incensed I knew Acquinas - angry, I knew his riddle - beauty is what is pleasing to the eye - he wasn't...
Sandy Raman|Learning never ends, we may stop learning but life will keep teaching us something on each and every stage.
Louis Armstrong|There is not a single Muslim leader today who has the courage and commitment to defend Islam and Muslims, they are all in awe of the United States and other Western powers, and are indebted to them.
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|Sufis deny the absolute reality of time, space and physical form. These things are both relative and local. They only appear to be absolute.
Aimee Bender, The Color Master: Stories|With hand gestures, you can fill in a lot of gaps, and the words thing and stuff and -ness also help: patientness instead of patience, fastness instead of speed, honestness instead of honesty. With these choices, many words can be indicated, and pointing or gesticulating usually works.
Vincent Bugliosi|In Don Mills in the Sixties, nothing comes close to the humiliation of losing an argument. In our weird little creative circle, no one cares who has faster fists, but to lose an argument suggests inferior intelligence.
Paul Ricœur|Beneath history, memory and forgettingBeneath memory and forgetting, life.
Henri J.M. Nouwen|I can be happy or unhappy in all situations. I am sure of it, because I have been. I have felt distraught and joyful in situations of abundance as well as poverty, in situations of popularity and anonymity, in situations of success and failure. The difference was never based on the situation itself, but always on my state of mind and heart. When I knew I was walking with God, I always felt happy and at peace. When I was entangled in my own complaints and emotional needs, I always felt restless and divided.
Bear Grylls|When people recognise me they just kind of go 'Hi how are you,' really kind of cool you know.
Jeff Lindsay, Darkly Dreaming Dexter|To make a thief, make an owner; to create crime, create laws.
Edgar D. Mitchell|You develop an instant global consciousness, a people orientation, an intense dissatisfaction with the state of the world, and a compulsion to do something about it. From out there on the moon, international politics look so petty. You want to grab a politician by the scruff of the neck and drag him a quarter of a million miles out and say, ‘Look at that, you son of a bitch.
Jerry Hall|I grew up upper-class. Private school. My dad had a Jaguar. We're African-American, and we work together as a family, so people assume we're like the Jacksons. But I didn't have parents using me to get out of a bad situation.
Rita Mae Brown|Deliberation is the work of many men. Action, of one alone.
Jack Ma|Communism has never come to power in a country that was not disrupted by war or corruption, or both.
Rose Kennedy|Wealth should not be seized, but the god-given is much better.
Jonathan Haidt, The Happiness Hypothesis: Finding Modern Truth in Ancient Wisdom|Those who think money can't buy happiness just don't know where to shop … People would be happier and healthier if they took more time off and spent it with their family and friends, yet America has long been heading in the opposite direction. People would be happier if they reduced their commuting time, even if it meant living in smaller houses, yet American trends are toward even larger houses and ever longer commutes. People would be happier and healthier if they took longer vacations even if that meant earning less, yet vacation times are shrinking in the United States, and in Europe as well. People would be happier, and in the long run and wealthier, if they bought basic functional appliances, automobiles, and wristwatches, and invested the money they saved for future consumption; yet, Americans and in particular spend almost everything they have – and sometimes more – on goods for present consumption, often paying a large premium for designer names and superfluous features.
Toni Sorenson|A leader is someone who figures out the way, then gets out of the way so others can lead.
Ashley Warlick, The Arrangement|But you've looked forward to this trip for so long.""And now I won't have it to look forward to any longer.
Jared Brock, A Year of Living Prayerfully: How a Curious Traveler Met the Pope, Walked on Coals, Danced with Rabbis, and Revived His Prayer Life|The world understood and had observed, that the parties to the armed conflict at Gaza in 2014 transgressed the ken of human rights and those who understand the subject of legal violations have already deciphered the extent of deviation of most provisions of International Humanitarian Laws (the entire chunk of laws-customary/treaty , Conventions, including the persuasive ICJ precedents), especially the grave violations of legal provisions pertaining to Civilians of war ; it has been not only transgressed but evidently disregarded by both the parties to the conflict, thus there has been a blatant abuse of the humanitarian laws…………………………….. Finally it’s for the nations across the globe to understand the consequences of strife, now that it has led to an armed conflict, further, can easily lead to world disorder, and before it begins, to find ways to put an end to it, because such a war would engulf not only the weak even the mighty, those who brandish power and the subjects alike, and none are spared from the wheels of conflict.
Katie Reus, A Covert Affair|There's nothing childish about me, sweetheart.
Honore de Balzac|I've been called many names like perfectionist, difficult and obsessive. I think it takes obsession, takes searching for the details for any artist to be good.
Cara Charles, THEIR LAST SECRET: DECLASSIFIED|For success, don't take the path of least resistance. Take the path of most persistence.
Sylvia Plath|Yes, they have to have a victor. Without a victor, the whole thing would blow up in the Gamemakers' faces. They'd have failed the Capitol. Might possibly even be executed, slowly and painfully, while the cameras broadcast it to every screen in the country.
Evan Grinde, Chasing Oblivion|I cannot escape it, what I’ve done, no matter how far Ifollow the tunnel. I am alone with my sin. This is why they rule. The Peerless Scarredknow that dark deeds are carried through life. They cannot be outrun. They must beworn if one is to rule. This is their �rst lesson.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|What if you are wrong? What if the gods sent you, and indeed the rest of us, not because we were never meant to be, but because we were always meant to be?
Siobhan Davis, Beyond Reach|For the first time, with complete clarity and absolute conviction, I know I love him entirely with all that I have, everything I am, and who I’m going to be. Of course, I’ve told him before, but not like this, not with the fierce swelling of love and fervent determination that I feel ebbing and flowing inside me, as vital as the air I breathe. Before—when I said it—it was borne out of immaturity, or necessity, or maybe just plain old lust. Now I radiate with the veracity of my love and this newfound truth that we really are meant to be.
J.E.B. Spredemann, An Unforgivable Secret|Moonlight filtered in through the blinds illuminating their bedroom, but the bright glow couldn’t penetrate the darkness that surrounded her heart.
Werley Nortreus|In life, you learned that not all white people are racist, not all black folks are criminals, let's admit it and love one another..
V.R. Barkowski, My Bloody Valentine|It’s not the good we see in the people we love, but what we refuse to see that gives us strength.” “What the hell is that supposed to mean?” “Sometimes when we care about someone, we deny what’s right in front of us so we can move forward, so we have a reason to continue to love.
Anonymous Holy Bible 1 Corinthians 13 13|Three things will last forever — faith, hope, and love — and the greatest of these is love.
Simon Pegg, Nerd Do Well|What is realized in the novel is the process of coming to know one's own language as it is perceived in someone else's language, coming to know one's own belief system in someone else's system.
Roman Payne|I sat up in the strange bed fearing it had been a dream, afraid I would never see her again. Not because I wanted anything from her, only her presence. The disappearance of the presence of beauty is the most despairing of events on this time-wheel of ours that rolls onward towards death.
Francis A. Schaeffer|As sinners we are like addicts - addicted to ourselves and our own projects. The theology of glory simply seeks to give those projects eternal legitimacy. The remedy for the theology of glory, therefore, cannot be encouragement and positive thinking, but rather the end of the addictive desire. Luther says it directly: "The remedy for curing desire does not lie in satisfying it, but in extinguishing it." So we are back to the cross, the radical intervention, end of the life of the old and the beginning of the new. Since the theology of glory is like addiction and not abstract doctrine, it is a temptation over which we have no control in and of ourselves, and from which we must be saved. As with the addict, mere exhortation and optimistic encouragement will do no good. It may be intended to build up character and self-esteem, but when the addict realizes the impossibility of quitting, self-esteem degenerates all the more. The alcoholic will only take to drinking in secret, trying to put on the facade of sobriety. As theologians of glory we do much the same. We put on a facade of religious propriety and piety and try to hide or explain away or coddle our sins.... As with the addict there has to be an intervention, an act from without. In treatment of alcoholics some would speak of the necessity of 'bottoming out,' reaching the absolute bottom where one can no longer escape the need for help. Then it is finally evident that the desire can never be satisfied, but must be extinguished. In matters of faith, the preaching of the cross is analogous to that intervention. It is an act of God, entirely from without. It does not come to feed the religious desires of the Old Adam and Eve but to extinguish them. They are crucified with Christ to be made new.
Susan Branch|Judge me if you want, but at the end of my life I choose to have memories not regrets.
Ani DiFranco|We get a little further from perfection, each year on the road,I guess that's what they call character,I guess that's just the way it goes,better to be dusty than polished,like some store window mannequin,why don't you touch me where i'm rusty,let me stain your hands
Bec McMaster, Nobody's Hero|The boughs of trees stretched high overhead, leaves of dappled green and black mottling the sky. It was called the black forest for more reasons than the inky-black foliage. The wise and cautious seldom travelled by night along its poorly-tended roads, and banditry wasn’t the main reason. In the minds of many, shadows of a threat lurked in wait, seeking an opportunity to strike during a moment of weakness. It was known among the old folk that not all who dwelled within the black forest were of human or animal-kind. Some beings were much older and believed far more dangerous.
Nora Roberts, Morrigan's Cross|know what you want, work to get it, then value it once you have it.
Charles D'Ambrosio, Loitering: New & Collected Essays|The canker of self-consciousness has been long in me, so like a lot of writers I not only do a thing, I see myself doing it too—it’s almost like not being alone. That morning our hero skipped in his skivvies down to the shore of the sea . . . it was dark . . . the fog . . . Storytelling!
William Paul Young|Maybe home is something we have to make, and remake, over and over. But it's hard to make things when you're afraid―or you're certain—that they'll just be broken.
John Wayne|I've yet to meet a bitter teenager. Bitterness, jealousy and jadedness, I think, are the most unattractive qualities in a person, and unfortunately they do seem to come with age.
Michel Houellebecq, Soumission|Intimacy, finally, had got the better of us.
Robert Junior|Be good to the people on your way up the ladder cause you'll ,meet them on your way down.
John Lydon|Even a brief interaction can change the way people think about themselves, their leaders, and the future. Each of those many connections you make has the potential to become a high point or a low point in someone's day.
James Corbett|Things never happen the way you plan. Take it a second at a time. Stay in the moment. It's the only way to control it. Your thoughts can paralyze you. They make you second-guess and that's when you lose. You mentally beat yourself. Believe you can handle anything. Look at something that's bigger than you and take it all in, the enormousness of it. Drown in it. Then take a step back. Comparmentalize it. Remember, anything's attainable. And take every risk you can, as long as you trust yourself.
Will Advise|What's writ is what's read, yet the meaning is gone, since context is what gives each quote its own home.
Willie Nelson|The real problem is I'm greedy. I want complete, utter, unceasing bliss. But I don't want to fall into it either. If happiness were money I wouldn't want to win the lottery. I want to accomplish it, urn it as John Houseman would say. I want it to be an achievement because I want to be in control of my life. I don't want things to happen to me, I want them to happen because of me. Power I want. I want to feel the way I do when I stretch a new canvas and I want to feel that way all the time. the blank canvas fills me with the power of imminent creation. I'm its god an it always bends to my will and when I'm done I know, inside, that it's markedly better than what almost all of my similarly-engaged others can achieve. That's happiness.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Genius is not a retainer to any emperor, or is its material silver, or gold, or marble, except to a trifling extent.
Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland|Begin at the beginning," the King said, very gravely, "and go on till you come to the end: then stop.
Geoff Mains, Urban Aboriginals: A Celebration of Leathersexuality|Yes, it is true that one generally needs to speak to the members of the key audience for a product or service. But as we are not trying to plumb an individual psyche for psychological motivation, but are rather trying to elucidate the relevant symbolic cultural meanings and practices, information garnered from those who do not like something is also relevant to understanding the cultural picture. In fact, contestation between points of view and meanings is a crucial aspect of the social dynamic. These nodal points of disagreement and different points of view can be precisely the most intriguing domains of cultural movement and thus new opportunities.
Debasish Mridha|By empowering women, we empower the nation.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|This is rather as if you imagine a puddle waking up one morning and thinking, 'This is an interesting world I find myself in — an interesting hole I find myself in — fits me rather neatly, doesn't it? In fact it fits me staggeringly well, must have been made to have me in it!' This is such a powerful idea that as the sun rises in the sky and the air heats up and as, gradually, the puddle gets smaller and smaller, frantically hanging on to the notion that everything's going to be alright, because this world was meant to have him in it, was built to have him in it; so the moment he disappears catches him rather by surprise. I think this may be something we need to be on the watch out for.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|How do we know those who are on the Lord's side?My answer: when things happened adversarily, those who stand by God becomes Testifiers.I testify that the Lord is good, I don't know about you.
Fernando Pessoa|Look, there's no metaphysics on earth like chocolates.
Carmen Jenner, Welcome to Sugartown|When you look at me, tease my desire with a mere gaze, it shreds the edges of my soul…
Steve Blank|While 'The Owner's Manual' is not a formula for guaranteed success by any means, we're confident it will help reduce the failure rate of most startups that use our Customer Development process.
Noah Webster|It was a life, she eventually concluded, that had been lived in the middle ground, where contentment and love were found in the smallest details of people's lives. It was a life of dignity and honor, not without sorrows yet fulfilling in a way that few experiences ever were.
Michael Bassey Johnson|There is no compromise when it comes to someones delicate feelings, the only way out is to stop pretending and set yourself free from someones life.
Alan Kinross, Longinus the Vampire|There was one moment of intersection, when the topic of hate-watching came up. "Why do you watch TV shows--and keep watching them--if you don't like them?" Terrence asked.Simple: Some days, all you have is gazing upon horror, and the small comfort of being surprised that it is not yours.
Winston S. Churchill|Personally, I'm always ready to learn, although I do not always like being taught.
Chris Galford, The Hollow March|That was one of the inherent flaws of faith. Belief without knowing. But worse yet: belief without action. It could be good in its own right. Beautiful, even, when embraced, but that had to be measured. Checked. Too many surrendered themselves to it. What they did not see was simple fact. Religion did not bring peace. It merely offered a means. It was up to man to create peace.
Rob Liano|Be yourself, you're already fully equipped to succeed at that.
John Jakes, Homeland|The love of libraries, like most loves, must be learned. 
Lobsang Tenzin|Schools are not intended to moralize a wicked world, but to impart knowledge and develop intelligence, with only two social aims in mind: prepare to take on one's share in the world's work, and perhaps in addition, lend a hand in improving society, after schooling is done.
Caprice Crane|I’m only saying what you won’t. He’s a hunk, admit it. A tall, dark, exotic hunk who wants to bed you, and you must be a fucking nun, because it’s been three weeks since you met him and you’re going to have to remove the cobwebs from your vagina with forceps soon, they’re growing into intelligent life form—
Mike Carey, The Unwritten, Vol. 1: Tommy Taylor and the Bogus Identity|Taking LSD was a profound experience, one of the most important things in my life. LSD shows you that there’s﻿ another side to the coin, and you can’t remember it when it wears off, but you know it. It reinforced my sense of what was important—creating great things instead of making money, putting things back into the stream of history and of human consciousness as much as I could.
T. Kingfisher|Goblin tea resembles a nice cup of Earl Grey in much the same way that a catfish resembles the common tabby. They share a name, but one is a nice thing to curl up with on a rainy afternoon, and the other is found in the muck at the bottom of polluted rivers and has bits of debris sticking to it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Only when you follow your heart, can you find holy happiness.
Leslie Jamison, The Empathy Exams: Essays|Here we are, you and I, and I hope that Christ makes a third with us. No one can interrupt us now... So come now, dearest friend, reveal your heart and speak your mind." (p. 29)
Anjem Choudary|It would be facile, even exculpatory, to call the problem of the Islamic State 'a problem with Islam.' The religion allows many interpretations, and Islamic State supporters are morally on the hook for the one they choose. And yet simply denouncing the Islamic State as un-Islamic can be counterproductive, especially if those who hear the message have read the holy texts and seen the endorsement of many of the caliphate’s practices written plainly within them.
Scarlett Avery, Playful Temptation|If you read Scarlett Avery, you know it's an awesome read! - Mary Johnston
Quintilian|In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by.
Said Elias Dawlabani, MEMEnomics: The Next-Generation Economic System|The double consequence of artifice--to project sentience out onto the made world and in turn to make sentience itself into a complex living artifact--is thus fractured, neatly fractured, into two separable consequences, one of which (projection) belongs to one group of people, and the other of which (reciprocation) belongs to another group of people, and this shattering of the original integrity of projection-reciprocation into a double location has its most sustained registration in the texture of analysis that alternates between an almost sensuous rendering of the inner desire and movements of capital (the large Artifact) on the one hand and an almost arithmetic recording of amplified human embodinedness on the other. Though the interior value of capital is projected there through the collective labor of the workers, it now (by becoming internally self-referential, and when once more externally referential, referring to a much smaller group of people whom it now disembodies and exempts from the process of production) standas apart from and against its own inventors.
John Madden|Fifty years of isolating Cuba had failed to promote democracy, setting us back in Latin America. That's why we restored diplomatic relations, opened the door to travel and commerce, and positioned ourselves to improve the lives of the Cuban people.
Ella Maillart|Woman is the sun, an extraordinary creature, one that makes the imagination gallop.
Barack Obama|I think Islam has been hijacked by the idea that all Muslims are terrorists; that Islam is about hate, about war, about jihad - I think that hijacks the spirituality and beauty that exists within Islam. I believe in allowing Islam to be seen in context and in its entirety and being judged on what it really is, not what you think it is.
Thom Yorke|My health is wonderful. I work out. I'm working. Playing music. I have a beautiful wife, a nice home, a nice car, I got money in the bank. I got three beautiful dogs that love me. Like I said, I'm blessed. I survived.
Kate Milford, Greenglass House|First, I spit out a mouthful of dirt. Then, I screamed at the sky. “That’s it! I’ve had it! Everything is trying to kill me! All I did was make one stupid wish. Aladdin made three. I’m the hero of this story, so where’s my happy ending, already? It’s not fair.”Rexi bent over, trying to catch her breath. “You know what’s not fair? Spending Muse Day as a toad just because the kitchen ran out of frog legs. Or being volunteered for this little journey. So build a bridge, then make like a billy goat and get over it already because no one is listening.
Flann O'Brien, The Third Policeman|You mean that because I have no name I cannot die and that you cannot be held answerable for death even if you kill me?""That is about the size of it," said the Sergeant.I felt so sad and so entirely disappointed that tears came into my eyes and a lump of incommunicable poignancy swelled tragically in my throat. I began to feel intensely every fragment of my equal humanity. The life that was bubbling at the end of my fingers was real and nearly painful in intensity and so was the beauty of my warm face and the loose humanity of my limbs and the racy health of my red rich blood. To leave it all without good reason and to smash the little empire into small fragments was a thing too pitiful even to refuse to think about.
Jennifer Lowery, Taking Chances|Honey, before I became the man who was to marry Olivia Hamilton, I was capable of taking care of myself. I can take care of you, too, for that matter. If you should ever decide to trust me." With that he turned the key. The old pickup's engine rumbled to life and he backed out kicking up fresh gravel.Livie bristled. She knew he thought her an overindulged debutante, but there was more to her than just being Buckmaster Hamilton's daughter and damned if she wasn't going to prove it to him. If he gave her the chance.
David Eddings, Guardians of the West|The place had enormous possibilities. He realized that at once. The stream, of course, was perfect for sailing toy boats, for skipping stones, and, in the event of failing inspiration, for falling into. Several of the trees appeared to have been specifically designed for climbing, and one huge, white old birch overhanging the stream promised the exhilarating combination of climbing a tree and falling into the water, all at one time.
Erich Fromm, Escape from Freedom|Life has ceased to be lived in a closed world the center of which was man; the world has become limitless and at the same time threatening. By losing his fixed place in a closed world man loses the answer to the meaning of his life; the result is that doubt has befallen him concerning himself and the aim of life. He is threatened by powerful superpersonal forces, capital and the market. His relationship to his fellow men, with everyone a potential competitor, has become hostile and estranged; he is free - that is, he is alone, isolated, threatened from all sides. [H]e is overwhelmed with a sense of his individual nothingness and helplessness. Paradise is lost for good, the individual stands alone and faces the world - a stranger thrown into a limitless and threatening world. The new freedom is bound to create a deep feeling of insecurity, powerlessness, doubt, aloneness, and anxiety.
Robin Bielman, Worth the Risk|Put McCall and I together and nothing can stop us." ...That's what he wanted. A woman to stand by him and conquer whatever they set their mind to.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Saint Francis|You can do the right thing that seems wrong to others, or the wrong thing that seems right, and its actually puerile to await recommendation when what you are about to do doesn't concerns anyone.
Damian Wampler|With each step, one of them pulled off an earring or a hair extension or a bow and let it fall to the ground, so that by the time they reached the door they had left a trail of glittering accessories behind them. It looked like a grand parade had passed by, and no one had yet come to sweep up the confetti.
Anna Aquino|Repentance seemed like too loose of a word. I knew I’d been wrong, but that didn’t soften the blow.
Michelle Hodkin, The Retribution of Mara Dyer|Does anyone know how to start a fire?"Blank stares. "So we can't start a fire," [Jamie] said. "We can't fly. We can't create a force field. We are the most bullshit superheroes.
Sherry Thomas, Beguiling the Beauty|He wanted to make cast models of her. He wanted to take a set of precision calipers and measure every distance between her features. He wanted her blood and glandular fluids analyzed by the finest chemists in the world—there must be something detectibly different in her inner workings for him to respond so dramatically, as if he’d been given a drug for which science had yet to find a name.But more than anything, he wanted to—
Brenda Sutton Rose, Dogwood Blues|It's all right, darling. I'll finish the financial report on my own. I can think clearly before sex and stay awake afterwards. That's one of the nice things about being a woman.
Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex|Pink is female - but why? Are girls any more pink than boys? Are boys any more blue than girls? It's something that has been sold to us, mostly so other things can be sold to us.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal|Good defeats evil most of the times, but sometimes in order to defeat the devil you must first become his disciple
Shelly Thacker|Mayhap it was not wise to question God's plans; mayhap he had been meant to live, to seek this justice, to serve some purpose. The past was the past. And the future...
Jennifer Donnelly, These Shallow Graves|You, on the other hand, wish to know things. And no one can forgive a girl for that.
Mihail Drumeş|In solitude, you accumulate energy to spend in crowds; and in crowds, you accumulate energy to spend in solitude!
Chris Benz|Girl Up gives girls an opportunity and gives them a platform and starting point through which they can take it and run with it and help give girls the opportunity to have the freedom, independence and the ability to get an education.
Magic Johnson|I really took filmmaking very seriously... It was an honor and then a crutch also, because at a young age, I was like, I guess I'm a serious filmmaker. I never set out to be a serious filmmaker. I just set out to make movies.
Sigourney Weaver|Nature is not simply a technical or economical resource, and human beings are not mere numbers. To suggest that one can somehow align all the squabbling institutions of science, environmental management, government and diplomacy in an alliance of convenience to regulate the global climate seems to me optimistic.
Kate Scelsa, Fans of the Impossible Life|I know you think that we saved you or something, Jeremy," he said. "That we were stronger than you. But we're not. We weren't. We're all just trying to survive however we can.
Ali Smith, Autumn|Always be reading something, he said. Even when we're not physically reading. How else will we read the world? Think of it as a constant.
Stanley Ager, The Butler's Guide to Running the Home and Other Graces|If you are benefiting more than those you serve, you are no longer serving.
Brad Pitt|What I like in this job is you can travel to many places, many imaginations.
Pierre de Ronsard|Haleine contre haleine, échauffe-moi la vie,Mille et mille baisers donne-moi je te prie,Amour veut tout sans nombre, amour n’a point de loiTranslated: Breath against breath warms my life.A thousand kisses give me I pray thee.Love says it all without number,love knows no law.
Christopher Paolini, Inheritance|The difference between me and Duchi, in one sentence, is this: I say, things will be all right, and if they aren't, that's all right too. Duchi says, things will not be all right, and if they are, that's not all right either. OK, two sentences.
Rebecca Makkai, The Hundred-Year House|By then there had been other men. She'd flung herself at other closed windows. The windows never broke, but her heart, at the end, was in splinters.
Tanveer Mazhar|If Levi were a dog, he'd be a golden retriever. If he were a game, he'd be a Ping-Pong, incessant and bouncing and light.
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|Non c'era bisogno di parole, c'era bisogno di abbracci sinceri.
C. JoyBell C.|If Cinderella were given a single shining epiphany (instead of a fairy godmother), she would have realized: "This is my father's house. This is my father's estate. I am the rightful heiress to everything here!" then she would have said: "Get off of my property, take nothing with you, and never show your faces to me again! You ugly, bitter, insecure, envious witches!" And I'm sure she would have been happier, sooner!
Ivan Illich|Attitude is your acceptance of the natural laws, or your rejection of the natural laws.
Peter O'Toole|I adore art... when I am alone with my notes, my heart pounds and the tears stream from my eyes, and my emotion and my joys are too much to bear.
Violet Cross, Survivors: Secrets|Don't be cute." Luke murmured, amusement lacing his tone. He moved forward, leaning against the slice of wall at the other end of the floor to ceiling window. "I promise you, I wouldn't even know where to start.
Soar, Into Earth, Wind and Fire: Poems on Love and the Universal Elements|To hear her name I truly yearn,My heart is crying out;The sense of love I wish to earn,Without a second doubt.
Chris Hadfield|In the name of "force protection," the military often rolls up windows, builds walls, and points rifles at the outside world. The best force protection, however, is to be surrounded by friends and allies.
Chris Pine|I live a very joyful life, with a lot of laughter and good times.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If God gives you responsibility for aging parents, seek what is best for them, not what is most convenient for you. And keep contact with them!
Georgi Vladimov, Faithful Ruslan|It was all bad, very bad. And the worst of it was not that they had ceased waiting, but that they had ceased to have faith.
Diana Athill, Somewhere Towards the End|An important aspect of the ebbing of sex was that other things became interesting. Sex obliterates the individuality of young women more often than it does that of young men, because so much more of a woman than a man is used by sex.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Make doing your best a habit, and you’ll never know not doing your best.
Thom Tillis|I think the best way to fight your detractors is to produce positive results and not think about them, but think about winning the hearts and minds of North Carolinians - or Americans - on good policy.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the morning, lift my hands towards the heavens. And surrender my heart in prayer to the Most High God.
William Shatner, Up Till Now|Given the freedom to create, everybody is creative. All of us have an innate, instinctive desire to change our environment, to put our original stamp on this world, to tell a story never told before. I’m absolutely thrilled at the moment of creativity – when suddenly I’ve synthesized my experiences, reality, and my imagination into something entirely new. But most people are too busy working on survival to find the opportunity to create. Fortunately, I’ve been freed by reputation, by the economics of success, and by emotional contentment to turn my ideas into reality. I’ve discovered that the more freedom I have to be creative, the more creative I become.
F. David Peat|Disease is a manifestation of human thought because it is ideas, worldviews, and beliefs that create the conditions in which a society can be riddled with disease, strife, and poverty, or can continue in health and harmony.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Invincible|What a cool name. Where'd you get it?""I've always had it.
J. Sterling, Chance Encounters|I'm going to make myself a promise right here and now. In Johnny's honor. I promise to live each day to the fullest. I promise to listen to my heart and then work through my fears to follow it. I promise to realize what my dreams are then take the steps necessary to make them a reality. I promise to be trut to me. Not what someone else wants me to be, but what I want.
Catherine Ryan Hyde, Jumpstart the World|I felt the kiss still there on my forehead. Literally. It was frozen there. I could still feel it. I wanted to bronze it, like people do with baby shoes. I wanted to mount it and hang it over my mantelpiece.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|I'm not much of a believer in the so-called character study; I think that in the end, the story should always be the boss.
Alan W. Watts|There is nothing at all that can be talked about adequately, and the whole art of poetry is to say what can't be said.
Kelly McGonigal, Maximum Willpower|There are few things ever dreamed of, smoked or injected that have as addictive an effect on our brains as technology. This is how our devices keep us captive and always coming back for more. The definitive Internet act of our times is a perfect metaphor for the promise of reward: we search. And we search. And we search some more, clicking that mouse like – well, like a rat in a cage seeking another “hit”, looking for the elusive reward that will finally feel like enough.
Russell Brand|Rebel children, I urge you, fight the turgid slick of conformity with which they seek to smother your glory.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|Although you hadn't asked why, it had less to do with you not noticing than with you not wanting to hear the answer.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Pessimism|All writers read, Ms Rainn. With dwindling amounts of books circulating imagination, the less writers of all mediums will be able to exercise their own imaginations.
Auliq-Ice|Where there is forgiveness, there is always love.
Anne Lamott, Help Thanks Wow: The Three Essential Prayers|Worrying doesn't make any difference, but working does and spirituality gives one the strength to work
Beth Moore, To Live Is Christ|His plain, undecorated, and utilitarian work reeked week of provincialism.
Kamand Kojouri|Missing you,I missed a part of meI shared with you that’s now gone.Missing you, when really, it was the way you made me feeland the things you made us do.Missing you I shouldn’t be.But I can’t help missing who I was with you.Missing you,I missed and missed so much of the world and wasn’t even missed in return.
Sara Gruen|It's finished. Everything went past, without me.
Debasish Mridha|You are a gift, so open yourself everyday to see the beauty with love, wonder and feel the joy.
Jami Davenport, Down by Contact|Truthfully, from the moment in front of the Chagall, you had me Norah. Until that moment, I didn’t know moments like that existed between a man and a woman. I felt breathless, unhinged and lost, all in one split second because you deterred my future with just one look. You have no idea how completely floored I felt that a girl could so instantly take all my control and direction and all that I knew to be normal, and turn it completely and utterly upside down.
Nikki Rowe, Once a Girl, Now a Woman|The greatest disaster of self; comes not with experience of failure, but the fear gained belief; about what you think you cannot achieve
Nanette Mathews|When things are challenging, remember you are not the feelings and emotions. They are just a reaction to the situation, so accept them and try to find the root source and ease that pain - The core essence of you is a beautiful, unique, authentic spirit and you are worth of everything in life.
Iain Banks, The Player of Games|Without trials and tribulation, there would be no hero. Without a hero, there would be no story. Without a story, there is no life as life is made up of vignettes of loving, learning and overcoming.
Salil Jha, Naked Soul: The Erotic Love Poems|I believe eros dwells in our innermost being as the spirit of creative expression. To me, eros is a great path that we must walk, a song we listen to, a game that we hunt and enjoy, a lesson to learn, a garden where flowers bloom, a prodigious puzzle to solve, a book to read, a chapter to write, and an ocean to swim in. That’s what eros is to me.
Yasmina Khadra, The Attack|Semantic search requires three things: Trust, Authority and Reputation. All three revolve around your digital profiles, their activity and the sentiment levels and engagement that each generates. Semantic search also requires differentiation – the ability of search to understand the “uniqueness” of you.
Erich Neumann, The Fear of the Feminine and Other Essays on Feminine Psychology|While the Eternal Feminine in Faust II still appears in personalized form as the Madonna, she works her effects in The Magic Flute as an invisible spiritual power, as music. But this music is the expression of divine love itself, which unites law and freedom, above and below, in the wisdom of the heart and of love. As harmony, it grants humankind divine peace and rules the world as the highest divinity.From the earliest times, magic and music have stood under the rule of the Archetypal Feminine, which in myth and fairy tale is also the mistress of transformation, intoxication, and enchanting sound. Thus it is quite understandable that it is precisely this feminine principle that bestows the magical instruments. The Orpheus motif of the magical taming of the animal energies through music belongs to her, for as mistress of the animals the Great Goddess rules the world of wild as well as tame creatures. She can transform things and people into animal form, tame the animal, and enchant it because, like music, she is able to make the tame wild and the wild tame with the power of her magic.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|I woke up as the sun was reddening; and that was the one distinct time in my life, the strangest moment of all, when I didn't know who I was - I was far away from home, haunted and tired with travel, in a cheap hotel room I'd never seen, hearing the hiss of steam outside, and the creak of the old wood of the hotel, and footsteps upstairs, and all the sad sounds, and I looked at the cracked high ceiling and really didn't know who I was for about fifteen strange seconds. I wasn't scared; I was just somebody else, some stranger, and my whole life was a haunted life, the life of a ghost.
Kamand Kojouri|Usually, when I dream of flying I am simply flapping my arms and somehow I lift off and glide through the sky. Last night was different. I missed you so much and my yearning was so powerful that I sprouted wings like a phoenix and soared to reach you. And now I finally understand: if you see lovers on a roof, do not worry. Surely, love has metamorphosed them.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|To Polish the Gold & Help Others Shine . . . take the time to mine the gold.Actively seek the goodness in others then express your gratitude for it. Excavate the dirt, seek the treasure, and polish their gold to shine boldly and brightly. People will rise to your positive expectations and belief in them.
Gugu Mona|It is for a specific reason that you were born from that specific place. Never wish that away because it's not where you were born that matters, but who you were born to be. Jesus was born on the kraal and He became a King of Kings.
Peter Medawar|The spread of secondary and latterly of tertiary education has created a large population of people, often with well-developed literary and scholarly tastes, who have been educated far beyond their capacity to undertake analytical thought.
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|To be of good quality, you have to excuse yourself from the presence of shallow and callow minded individuals.
Cole Ryan, Dating: I Think We've Missed The Point|You’re not discontent for wanting to be in a relationship, you’re just human.
Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections|But yet it is evident that religion consists so much in affection, as that without holy affection there is no true religion; and no light in the understanding is good which does not produce holy affection in the heart: no habit or principle in the heart is good which has no such exercise; and no external fruit is good which does not proceed from such exercises.
John Connolly, The Book of Lost Things|Unless you know the code, it has no meaning.
Jon Kabat-Zinn|You think you know me, but I'm not sure that even I know who I am anymore.
Erin Bow, Plain Kate|Her father sat her down and spoke to her with great seriousness. "You are not a witch, Katerina. There is magic in the world, and some of it is wholesome, and some of it is not, but it is a thing that is in the blood, and it is not in yours."The foolish will always treat you badly, because they think you are not beautiful," he said, and she knew this was true. Plain Kate. She was a plain as a stick and thin as a stick and flat as a stick. Her nose was too long and her brows too strong. Her father kissed her twice, once above each brow. "We cannot help what fools think. But understand, it is your skill with a blade that draws this talk. If you want to give up your carving, you have my blessing.""I will never give it up," she answered.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Walk on with the spirit of boldness; talk on with the glory of confidence. You have a mandated seal on your chest... When you go with a bold chest, the devil and his cohorts must give way!
A. Philip Randolph|How often have I said to you that when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth?
Donald Jeffries, The Unreals|Waldo nodded and looked at the policeman's face. Somehow the water that was dripping from the bill of his cap made him appear almost human. Nah, Waldo thought, it would take a lot more than water to wash that look off.
TheWolfmyinnerSoul - Arven|When you sit in the seat of love and compassion, the world around is filled with brightness and abundance. You can clearly see the events of the past, present and future. And understand why the occurred, what they are trying to teach you and how they will manifest with the present patterns in place. If you don’t like those outcomes, now is the time to change them. The dreams you planted in July are already manifesting in the spiritual winds. Take time to think things through, ensure your visions contain what you really need and take time to alter your plans for those details that may not fit your dream. Be careful what you ask for, you might get it.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Perspective alone can make an experience positive or negative, but regardless of which you let it become, it can only have as much power over your outlook on life as you give it.
Lindsey Graham|I do believe that people hire immigrants, legal and illegal immigrants, to do certain jobs that maybe possibly could go to American citizens, and that's unfortunate. If they're here legally, I think it's OK. If they're here illegally, then they ought not be taking jobs from American citizens.
George Orwell, Books v. Cigarettes|Human thought, flying on the trapezes of the star-filled universe, with mathematics stretched beneath, was like an acrobat working with a net but suddenly noticing that in reality there is no net.
Marouane LAASSAFAR|Who are you?How can one person be gregarious and a recluseOpen and closed at the same timeInvincibly vulnerableEmotionally indifferent to what's going on around youWhat happened to you?That the same walls you built are now crushing youYou call them friends albeit they really don't know youYou are but a gypsy in their livesA nomad just passing throughWhy are you staring back at me?Answer me!Mirror mirror, LET ME IN!
Kerry Hudson, Tony Hogan Bought Me an Ice-cream Float Before He Stole My Ma|The intoxication with the theatre, with its limelight, costumes, and masks, and with its passions and conflicts, accords well with the adolescence of a man who was to act his role with an intense sense of the dramatic, and of whose life it might indeed be said that its very shape had the power and pattern of classical tragedy.
Cornelia Funke, Inkheart|The only thing that you absolutely have to know, is the location of the library.
Leslie Fiedler|You have this ability in hip hop to be invincibly cool, and that is a part of G-Eazy.
Winston Graham, Jeremy Poldark|What the hell do you think you are doing, creeping about in the night in woman's clothing? I could just as easily have killed you?"	The sheer audacity of her remark rendered him speechless for a moment, and then Finlay laughed. "This, senorita, is a kilt, not a skirt, and you did not for a moment come close to killing me, though I don't doubt that you'd have tried if I'd given you half a chance.
Eve Forward, Villains by Necessity|Now you see. We are all fugitives. We have always been fugitives from the void. Whatever comfort, whatever power we gain from outside of ourselves diminishes us -- because comfort and power, unless they are won from the void inside of us, are illusions that make us forget the emptyness that carries us. When we forget that, we believe we deserve comfort and power and so are capable of any evil. We deserve nothing but what we make of ourselves. We deserve nothing else. And when we understand that, then nothing is enough.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Fundamentalism of any kind, be it religious, atheistic, political or educational, is the greatest threat to human excellence – it is a threat to progress – it is a threat to greatness.
Irfa Rahat|We always talk about our feelings, neglecting the important matters that have to be look over.
Milan Kundera, Identity|Just ask how I'm feeling, I want to say. Just ask and I may tell you.But no one does.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|It has since struck me as one of the most touching aspects of the part played in life by these idle, painstaking women that they devote all their generosity, all their talent, their transferable dreams of sentimental beauty (for, like all artists, they never seek to realise the value of those dreams, or to enclose them in the four-square frame of everyday life), and their gold, which counts for little, to the fashioning of a fine and precious setting for the rubbed and scratched and ill-polished lives of men.
Jan Karon, A Light in the Window|Love is an actual need, an urgent requirement of the heart," he read aloud from an old essay on marriage that he found in his files."Every properly constituted human being who entertains an appreciation of loneliness...and looks forward to happiness and content feels the necessity of loving. Without it, life is unfinished...
Ally Carter, Heist Society|You know" - Hale's breath was warm against Kat's ear in the chilly ballroom- "I don't know that both of us really have to be here...." The slide changed. While hundreds of mathematicians waited with baited breath, the boy beside Kat whispered,"I could go make some calls... check on some things...""Play some blackjack?""Well, when in Rome...""Rome is tomorrow, babe," Kat reminded him.He nodded. "Right.
Peggy Kopman-Owens, The Mist of Montmartre|In Paris, women were not considered interesting until they were middle-aged. The Mist of Montmartre
Libba Bray, Going Bovine|She righted herself, her balance returning. Had she really thought the world didn't change? She was a fool. The world was made of miracles, unexpected earthquakes, storms that came from nowhere and might reshape a continent. The boy beside her. The future before her. Anything was possible.
Maria V. Snyder, Power Study|It's ironic..here is life passing, like clouds drifting over the sky, yet they don't see what's in front of them. They believe there is something more substantial going on in that little screen in their hands.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|Sometimes, as in a game of chess, we must strategically regress so that we might progress toward our ultimate objective.
Marian Deegan, Relevance: Matter More|At the end of the day, only what we do for Christ will last. Appreciate each day, one another, and the vessels God may use to acknowledge our individual and collective skillsets and let’s always remember the importance of planting seeds in our own lives, i.e., investing in ourselves and our spiritual purpose. If we can achieve this, we will be able to reflect on the journey and see the legacy we have built for our loved ones and the blessings we have sewn for God’s glory.
Carl Hiaasen, Nature Girl|From the bow of the canoe she asked, "Do you know a rain dance?""First I need a virgin.
Tony Dovale|Greeders who plunder and steal from their people - not only steal their supporters and their childrens' future, but they also smash their mindsets and create learned helplessness that ensures people stay small.
Dianna Hardy, The Witching Pen|He pulled out a dagger from ... she wasn't sure where. Did he have that in his loin cloth? What else does he have in there? (Amy's thoughts, The Witching Pen)
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|A photograph can communicate a couple things— and sometimes only one thing—very well. The more you try to say with your photograph, the greater the chance that you will say nothing at all.
Julie Anne Peters|If he had learned anything from his father’s fate, it was to win, no matter how you did it. It was not important if someone else was hurt, or killed. If you won, you would be forgiven anything. You could be taken from a stinking ger and forced through the ranks until a thousand men followed your orders as if they came from the khan himself. Blood and talent. The nation was built on both.
George Lucas|It is not in life, but in art that self-fulfillment is to be found.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|In peace we play and freedom ring, Now let us enjoy a mantra to sing, Down here we know that today Elated it's a really sunny day,Play: It's Independence Day!Ensure you celebrate with joyful thought Never forget that for freedom we fought Dance and sing we never forgot Erase all doubts of what we got.Now it's time to celebrate, Chant hymns and vibrate! Expectations must be met. Don't give up and don't forget.As sometimes it's the only wayYield for freedom, learn to play.
Ketan Waghmare|Look, he's winding up the watch of his wit; by and by it will strike.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|While you're taking your minute to think, consider the possible outcomes. Immediately discard any that involve making the Bully back down and admit that you're right. You cannot be right and effective at the same time.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|It's rude to stare, but the great thing about staring at a sedated person is that they don't know you're doing it.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Your joy is your sorrow unmasked. And the selfsame well from which your laughter rises was oftentimes filled with your tears. And how else can it be? The deeper that sorrow carves into your being, the more joy you can contain. When you are joyous, look deep into your heart and you shall find it is only that which has given you sorrow that is giving you joy.When you are sorrowful look again in your heart, and you shall see that in truth you are weeping for that which has been your delight.
H.G. Wells, The Time Machine|We should strive to welcome change and challenges, because they are what help us grow. With out them we grow weak like the Eloi in comfort and security. We need to constantly be challenging ourselves in order to strengthen our character and increase our intelligence. 
Pet Torres, Ardent Affection|However, I have an enormous desire to change his way of life and try to re-educate him with the ingredient called ardent affection.~Emily
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|When the world around is ready to back one unconditionally, one can become as unreasonable, unfair, and coldly sadistic as one likes.
Katharine Hepburn|What courage basically comes down to as human beings is to protect the lives of others, to go out of your way to save others.” “When a baby comes out of its mother and it moves and breathes and it’s alive, you have to do the courageous . . . you have to do the right thing,” Cameron said. “You have to protect it.
Kathleen Norris, Dakota: A Spiritual Geography|Change is still resented on the Plains, so much so much so that many small-town people cling to the dangerous notion that while the world outside may change drastically, their town does not...... when myth dictates that the town has not really changed, ways of adapting to new social and economic conditions are rejected: not vigorously, but with a strangely resolute inertia...Combatting inertia in a town such as Lemmon can seem like raising the dead. It is painful to watch intelligent business people who are dedicated to the welfare of the town spend most of their energy combatting those more set in their ways. Community spirit can still work wonders here - people raised over $500,000 in the hard times of the late 1980s to keep the Lemmon nursing home open...By the time a town is 75 or 100 years old, it may be filled with those who have come to idealize their isolation. Often these are people who never left at all, or fled back to the safety of the town after a try at college a few hundred miles from home, or returned after college regarding the values of the broader, more pluralistic world they had encountered as something to protect themselves and their families from...More than ever, I've come to see conspiracy theories as the refuge of those who have lost their natural curiosity to cope with change.
Thomas Mann, Death in Venice and Other Tales|He took in the squeaky music, the vulgar and pining melodies, because passion immobilizes good taste and seriously considers what soberly would be thought of as funny and to be resented.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|My lips and eyes and heart were stinging when you kissed me in the dark. — Jack Garton to Jennifer Hammer, 2008 (age 24)
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I never asked anything of him, yet he gave me everything. he did not run...
|Never permit fears, doubts, circumstances, laziness or the lack of ambition to force you into leaving any stone unturned.
Peter Kreeft, Making Choices: Practical Wisdom for Everyday Moral Decisions|Morality means choice. Choice means priorities. Priorities mean a hierarchy. A hierarchy means something at the top, a standard. That is the greatest good. If you have no greatest good, you have no hierarchy, you have no priorities. If you have no priorities, you cannot make intelligent choices. If you cannot make intelligent moral choices, you have no morality. You can still guide your life by your feelings or by social fashions, but that is not choice – not free, responsible, moral choice. Both feelings and fashions push you; you are passive. But moral choice is your own doing; you are active. You are responsible for your choices but not for your feelings or for your environment’s fashions.
Caz Greenham, The Adventures of Eric Seagull 'Story-Teller': Book 2 A Fairy's Wish|You must return to the fairy cave while children sleep. Fairies only exist if children believe in Fairyland. If you return after they wake from their dreams, you could remain frozen between two worlds for all eternity.
William Tecumseh Sherman|Anyone can support a team that is winning - it takes no courage. But to stand behind a team to defend a team when it is down and really needs you, that takes a lot of courage.
Kerrigan Byrne, The Scot Beds His Wife|Though her muscles went rigid, her tongue sparred with his, as he might have guessed it would. Each lick and swirl, each plunge and retreat became a point counted for or against.	Gavin had never enjoyed a woman’s mouth so much in his entire life.
Doris Lessing, The Summer Before the Dark|Younger woman says, “I’m not going to be like my mother. You’re maniacs. You’re mad.”“Yes,” [older woman responds] “I know it. And so you won’t be. The best of luck to you. And what are you going to be instead?
Jupiter Hammon|The feeling of longing for home is born into us. That wonderful dream cannot become real without great faith - enough for the Holy Ghost to lead us to repentance, baptism, and the making and keeping of sacred covenants with God. This faith requires enduring bravely the trials of mortal life.
Lori J. Fitzgerald, The Dragon's Message|When Rhiannon was small and had just learned to read, her mother brought her into the hall one day when her father was on campaign, and led her to the large table upon which a great map of their lands lay. She instructed Rhiannon to read the words of the landmarks: castle, road, mountain, forest, village. The young girl touched words inscribed over a place where trees met craggy peaks. “What does that say, my love?” her mother prompted. “Here be dragons,” Rhiannon answered, glancing up at her mother. Her mother nodded, smiling. She knelt down in front of Rhiannon so they were at the same height. The lady’s hazel eyes sparkled as she whispered, “I have a secret to share. But I can only share it with a little girl with red and gold hair,” she pulled playfully on Rhiannon’s braid,” who knows how to read.” Rhiannon giggled. “Are you a little girl such as this?” Rhiannon nodded eagerly, and her mother laughed. She stood up and gestured at a tapestry on the wall. “Come, child, the dragon guards our treasure.” Hand in hand they walked to the tapestry of the sleeping dragon. “Your great-great grandmother wove this tapestry when she was an old woman. It took her a long time to complete, with her hands gnarled so, like the twisted oak by the drawbridge.” The dragon was curled up in front of a turret, with stone dolmens in a semi-circle behind it, interspersed with trees and a mountain peak in the background and bright blue sky above. The dragon’s scales were crimson and woven through with glittering gold thread, and its curved horns and talons were gold. As they paused in front of the large tapestry, Rhiannon looked closely at the eyes of the dragon; she thought perhaps she could see a slit of gold, as if the dragon were only pretending to be asleep.  Rhiannon’s mother stood on tiptoe and moved part of the tapestry to the side, revealing a slit in the stone wall. With her free hand she reached in and drew out a large leather-bound tome. She motioned her daughter to come sit with her on one of the benches that lined the walls. “Look and listen well, my daughter,” she said, and ran her fingers along the smooth cover, “this book is our special treasure, and it contains many secrets within its pages. I am going to teach you how to read them.” She opened the book as Rhiannon snuggled closer to her, her mother’s loose red-gold hair falling over the girl’s shoulder and brushing the crinkly parchment pages of the book which she turned until she came to the picture of a girl.
Ally Condie, Matched|Basically, I believe the world is a jungle, and if it's not a bit of a jungle in the home, a child cannot possibly be fit to enter the outside world.
Santosh Kalwar, 25 Sexy Poems|Life is not all about only sex, just try once to control this disaster, you may turn out to be a religious worshiper or prophet, but everything fails when you see naked women in your bed.
Sandeep Sharma, Let The Game Begin|The moment when your heart’s rhythm synchronises with the chants of the holy temple, you find God in your soul. It was noisy yet peaceful. They were all dancing in the packed hall, with eyes closed and hands swinging up in the air. It was as if the motto of life was nothing but to enjoy this very moment and taste the love of the almighty.
Renee Askins|The wild is where you find it, not in some distant world relegated to a nostalgic past or an idealized future; its presence is not black or white, bad or good, corrupted or innocent... We are of that nature, not apart from it. We survive because of it, not instead of it.
Peter Ustinov|I imagine hell like this: Italian punctuality, German humour and English wine.
George    Miller|Bouillabaisse is only good because cooked by the French, who, if they cared to try, could produce an excellent and nutritious substitute out of cigar stumps and empty matchboxes.
Michael Bassey Johnson|If you lead me astray, then my wanderings will bring me to my destination.
Dan Harris, 10% Happier: How I Tamed the Voice in My Head, Reduced Stress Without Losing My Edge, and Found Self-Help That Actually Works|I learned early on that most yoga poses are about showing off. You find something amazing you can do, and suddenly, Shazam—you’re a guru, ready for your groupies.
Lauren Willig|I don't need to control anything. Even with romantic partnerships, I don't need to control anyone.
Yasser Arafat|The charm of fame is so great that we like every object to which it is attached, even death.
Michael Dorris, A Yellow Raft in Blue Water|One day the sun will shine brighter than ever,and the stars will twinkle and shine more than ever,One day the pain will feel like it was there never,That’s when I will sing again, even if just in the shower, but louder and happier than ever.
Frank Herbert, God Emperor of Dune|Maturity: knowing where you're crazy, trying to warn others of the fact and striving to keep yourself under control.
John Mayer|Life is like a box of crayons. Most people are the 8 color boxes, but what you're really looking for are the 64 color boxes with the sharpeners on the back. I fancy myself to be a 64 color box, though I've got a few missing. It's okay though, because I've got some more vibrant colors like periwinkle at my disposal. I have a bit of a problem though in that I can only meet the 8 color boxes. Does anyone else have that problem? I mean there are so many different colors of life, of feeling, of articulation. So when I meet someone who's an 8 color type...I'm like, hey girl, Magenta! and she's like, oh, you mean purple! and she goes off on her purple thing, and I'm like, no I want Magenta!
Vishwas Chavan|Insecurity is lack of self love. When your fountain of self love is alive, you will be one with people.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, The Eclipse: A Memoir of Suicide|Repeat the same action over and over again, and eventually it will feel right. Eventually, there isn't even any guilt.
Marshall Ramsay, Dreaming is for lovers|I should think a dead language would be rather boring, sociallyspeaking.
Upton Sinclair, Dragon's Teeth I|In football, side netting can sometimes look like a real goal and it can make spectators jubilate for a moment, and then ponder! So is life!
Faraaz Kazi|Little did I realise how much I would miss those ten minutes, those ten minutes in which I lived an entire lifetime.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|Why then, O brawling love! O loving hate!O any thing, of nothing first create!O heavy lightness, serious vanity,Misshapen chaos of well-seeming forms,Feather of lead, bright smoke, cold fire, sick health,Still-waking sleep, that is not what it is!This love feel I, that feel no love in this.
Thomas C. Foster, How to Read Literature Like a Professor: A Lively and Entertaining Guide to Reading Between the Lines|A.Coward," he repeated, and I briefly considered picking up the vase in the center of the island and throwing it at him."Not making a choice is the coward's way out. You love both of them. I get that. But you don't feel the same kind of love for both of them, and the sooner you accept that the better.
Courtney Milan, Once Upon a Marquess|It's like you're a mirror and you show me who I want to be, instead of who I am.
R.A. Salvatore|If you can quit, then quit. If you can't quit, you're a writer.
Marjory Stoneman Douglas|A smart manager will establish a culture of gratitude. Expand the appreciative attitude to suppliers, vendors, delivery people, and of course, customers.
Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us|I remember one time we were walking into a grocery store and an old man was ringing a bell for the Salvation Army. I asked my dad if we could give him some money and he told me no, that he works hard for his money and he wasn’t about to let me give it away. He said it isn’t his fault that other people don’t want to work. He spent the whole time we were in the grocery store telling me about how people take advantage of the government and until the government stops helping those people by giving them handouts, the problem won’t ever go away… I believed him. That was three years ago and all this time I thought homeless people were homeless because they were lazy or drug addicts or just didn’t want to work like other people. But now I know that’s not true. Sure, some of what he said was true to an extent, but he was using the worst-case scenarios. Not everyone is homeless because they choose to be. They’re homeless because there isn’t enough help to go around. And people like my father are the problem. Instead of helping others, people use the worst-case scenarios to excuse their own selfishness and greed.
Goitsemang Mvula|The battle is not with the human flesh, but the mind.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, Collected Poems|I know not how such things can be;I only know there came to meA fragrance such as never clingsTo aught save happy living things;A sound as of some joyous elfSinging sweet songs to please himself,And, through and over everything,A sense of glad awakening.The grass, a-tiptoe at my ear,Whispering to me I could hear;I felt the rain’s cool finger-tipsBrushed tenderly across my lips,Laid gently on my sealed sight,And all at once the heavy nightFell from my eyes and I could see!—A drenched and dripping apple-tree,A last long line of silver rain,A sky grown clear and blue again.And as I looked a quickening gustOf wind blew up to me and thrustInto my face a miracleOf orchard-breath, and with the smell,—I know not how such things can be!—I breathed my soul back into me.
Matshona Dhliwayo|There is no limit to what your mind can achieve, what your heart can accomplish, and what your soul can realize.
Kaori Yuki, Angel Sanctuary, Vol. 20|You're the insane one. You don't even love the world you created. So how can you expect us to love and respect you?An endless repetition of natural destruction and stupid, meaningless wars. Because we don't understand it, we have no way to stop it.We may be stupid and not know what to do... But we fight to move forward towards that which we think is right. Not just sticking to the arbitrary boundaries you created.We make lots of mistakes, and get hurt... But we keep believing in miracles. Looking for a truth we can't yet see.We do it our own way. Because we believe our lives mean something.
Demi Lovato|Do you have to make me feel like there's nothing left of me? You can take everything I have, you can break everything I am, like I am made of glass, like I am made of paper.Go on and try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground like a Skyscraper...
Russell Brand, Booky Wook 2: This Time it's Personal|When we turn life’s little pleasures into remedies for life’s troubles, we are setting up idols in our hearts, which actually push God aside.
Sade Andria Zabala, War Songs|Do not settle for people who do not appreciate you, who do not know how lucky they are. Remember it is a privilege to be loved by you or even just to be touched by you. And the warmth of another body does not define your worth.
BinYamin Gulzar|In the stillness of my mind , I surrender to a place I call "my own"....Where everything that I see ,is real ,and every thing that I don't ,doesn't exist!Yet , in that very stillness I find my mind drifting in search of solace and when I open my eyes ,I find myself in the Elysian Fields of my existence !
Eknath Easwaran, The Mantram Handbook|True love takes time to find, but once it's found, the rest is eternal.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|Somehow, Sydney had an internal clock that told her when time was up. I think it was part of her inherent ability to keep track of a hundred things at once. Not me. In these moments, my thoughts were usually focused on getting her shirt off and whether I’d get past the bra this time. So far, I hadn’t.
Frederick Reines|Leaders of the future will have to be visionary and be able to bring people in - real communicators. These are things that women bring to leadership and executive positions, and it's going to be incredibly valuable and incredibly in demand.
S.C. Stephens, Thoughtless|Any sentence that combined "I love you" and "but" could not be good.
Richard C. Armitage|They still have negligent auditing, they still have things going for a walk, and they have no idea where they're coming from, and they have no idea where they're going. And if that's the case, how can we, as the public, trust the NSA with all of our information, with all of our private records, the permanent record of our lives?
George Eliot, The Mill on the Floss|[She was] a creature full of eager, passionate longings for all that was beautiful and glad; thirsty for all knowledge; with an ear straining after dreamy music that died away and would not come near to her; with a blind unconscious yearning for something that would link together the wonderful impressions of this mysterious life, and give her soul a sense of home in it.
Vladimir Putin|Harry Truman, who was a Bible-believing Christian Zionist, defied the secretary of state he so admired, George C. Marshall, and won a place in Israel's history by recognizing the new state 11 minutes after it declared its independence in 1948.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Romans 12:2What is the difference between a person born with a silver spoon that later eat with the pig and someone born among the pigs without a silver spoon in his mouth and later eat with a golden spoon? One must have changed his mind. If you can renew your mind, you can change your destiny.
Barbara Gurr, Reproductive Justice: The Politics of Health Care for Native American Women|For a kid in crisis, there is no "make it happen," only "survive today." Who am I to have the cojones to think my "critical questions" are the most important thing in this kid's life? I think of the times I was in crisis and failed to pay attention to the manila folders on my desk as an adult.
Terry Pratchett, The Science of Discworld III: Darwin's Watch|I don’t belong here,” I said. “I don’t even believe in gods.”“Yeah,” he said. “That’s how we all started. Once you start believing in them? It doesn’t get any easier.
(R. Menachem M. Schneerson)|Photography is not a lens but eye, not a business but art
Sarah Dessen, Someone Like You|You should climb around inside my brain, Dan. It's like this dark room surrounded by quicksand.""I know what you mean," her brother said quietly. "I hate being in my brain sometimes. I have to get out.""What do you do?" Amy asked.Dan shrugged "I go to other places. My toes. My shoulders. But mostly here." He tapped his chest and immediately reddened. "I know. It's stupid.""Not really," Amy said. "I wish I could do that, too.
Idries Shah, Tales of the Dervishes: Teaching Stories of the Sufi Masters over the Past Thousand Years|In the distorting mirror of your mind, an angel can seem to have a devil's face.
Jeff Bezos|In modern business it is not the crook who is to be feared most, it is the honest man who doesn't know what he is doing.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Her question was clear-“Father, where does the Loss reside?”In the sighs?Cheeks with tears wiped?A lost appetite?Owning a room confined?Or in the smiles all falsified?Thus, the Father decide,It is no matter to hide, he replied-“I think its deep inside,Probably,In the layers of your soul,Where the body provides it,Ample food to be-Magnified, multiplied, intensified.But once you clarify,That its not to be occupied inside,It starves of supplies,And dies.So child, when there is loss,Make sure you refuse to invite it inward, And absolutely never make it your lifelong parasite.
John Stuart Mill|All women are brought up from the very earliest years in the belief that their ideal of character is the very opposite to that of men; not self-will,and government by self-control, but submission and yielding to the control of others. All the moralities tell them that it is their nature to live fir others;to make complete abnegation of themselves,and to have no life but in their affections.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|When you go to an Indian temple, it is just to behold an energy form. You want to take an imprint of the Divine within yourself.
Korey G. Miracle|The point to life is not only to live it, but to enjoy it.
Deepak Chopra, Fire in the Heart: A Spiritual Guide for Teens|Stop looking for flaws, and kindness come much more easily.
Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence|People often ask: If there’s a God, how can He allow so much suffering in the world? Realize all world suffering you perceive is a mirror to your own psychological self-abuse, gender imbalance, prejudice, poverty, and hunger. You couldn’t even perceive each suffering aspect of external reality if it didn’t already exist within you. Touch and transmute your own psychological suffering, and perceive the world in kind.
Bill Ripley, Prisoners|One day I was telling him that I thought that cars had replaced guns as phallic symbols for American men, and I thought it was interesting that he had one that was so small and fast. The next day he gave me the Datsun and went out and bought a Lincoln.
Unknown|By tapping into flowers and their elixirs, we have a method at our fingertips that helps us be our happiest, clearest, and most loving selves. With this book I invite you to catalyze your own personal Flowerevolution and create a worldwide ripple effect of positivity—transforming the world from the inside out.
Kip S. Thorne, The Science of Interstellar|I don't do it for Michael. I do it for them.""Them?""People.""They're broken! Flawed!""Yes, but some of them try to do better. Try to forgive.
Winston S. Churchill, Painting as a Pastime|If you cannot read all your books, at any rate handle, or as it were, fondle them – peer into them, let them fall open where they will, read from the first sentence that arrests the eye, set them back on the shelves with your own hands, arrange them on your own plan so that if you do not know what is in them, you at least know where they are. Let them be your friends; let them at any rate be your acquaintances. If they cannot enter the circle of your life, do not deny them at least a nod of recognition.
Pew Research Center, The Next America: Boomers, Millennials, and the Looming Generational Showdown|CEOs should be measured by the value they create into the community, the shareholders and the members of the company.
Sigmund Brouwer, Devil's Pass|Demon possession strains the boundaries of credulity, given the sheer number of times it seems to happen. One would really hope demons had better things to do with their time.
Margaret Atwood|I have always tried to avoid talking to pretty girls, because pretty girls have a vicious effect on me in which every part of my brain is shut down except for the part that says unbelievably stupid things and the part that is aware that I am saying unbelievably stupid things.
Thomas Hardy, Far from the Madding Crowd|There's a line in the picture where he (Johnny - The Wild One) snarls, 'Nobody tells me what to do.' That's exactly how I've felt all my life.
Felicity Brandon, Hide & Seek|Straddling him intimately, he slides his hands up my thighs, pushing the silk aside and caressing my pale, exposed skin. Even against his uniform, I can feel his hardness. His body feels taut and poised for action.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Amazing grace, amazing life.
Peter T. King|I think the very idea of character, of developing not just grit, but empathy and curiosity, emotional intelligence - you know, the things that I want my own daughters to develop - the idea that we're going to get there through rewards and punishments seems completely at odds with the idea of character itself.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|He understood how dangerous oaths could be. But Leo didn't care. "I'm coming back for you, Calypso," he said to the night wind. "I swear it on the River Styx.
Bart D. Ehrman, Jesus, Interrupted: Revealing the Hidden Contradictions in the Bible & Why We Don't Know About Them|In Matthew, Jesus declares, “Whoever is not with me is against me.” In Mark, he says,“Whoever is not against us is for us.” Did he say both things? Could hemean both things? How can both be true at once? Or is it possible thatone of the Gospel writers got things switched around?
Sunday Adelaja|Almost all absurdity of conduct arises in individual, when displayed ego and self portrayed images are not recognised by anyone.
Hank Bracker|He was now wealthy beyond his wildest dreams and wanted for nothing, so Columbus retired to Valladolid, which at one time was considered the capital of Castile and Leon, a historic region of northwestern Spain. On October 19, 1469, Queen Isabella and King Ferdinand had been married at the Palacio de los Vivero, in the city of Valladolid, giving it great significance for Columbus. It was only a year and a half after retiring, on May 20, 1506, that Christopher Columbus quietly died. Dr. Antonio Rodriguez Cuartero, a professor of Internal Medicine at the University of Granada, stated that the Admiral died of a heart attack caused by Reiter's Syndrome, also known as reactive arthritis. He was only 54 years of age; however, he had been suffering from arthritis for quite some time prior to his death.
Django Wexler, The Forbidden Library|Much later, Alice would wonder what might have happened if she had gone to bed when she was supposed to.
Jieun Baek, North Korea's Hidden Revolution: How the Information Underground Is Transforming a Closed Society|People say mountains change in about ten years. If something as stubborn and mammoth as a mountain can change in a decade, the hearts of ordinary North Koreans can change. I'm sure of it. I'm living proof." --Ha Young, a North Korean defector interviewed in Jieun Baek's book "North Korea's Hidden Revolution: How the Information Underground is Transforming a Closed Society
Charlotte Huang, Going Geek|He looked out of the window to think, because without a window he couldn’t think. Or maybe it was the other way around: When there was a window, he automatically started to think. Then he wrote, “When I grow up, I am going to be happy.
Matthew Quick, The Silver Linings Playbook|Real life often ends badly, like our marriage did, Pat. And literature tries to document this reality, while showing us it is still possible for people to endure nobly.
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|What moralists describe as the mysteries of the human heart are solely the deceiving thoughts, the spontaneous impulses of self-regard. The sudden changes in character, about which so much has been said, are instinctive calculations for the furtherance of our own pleasures. Seeing himself now in his fine clothes, his new gloves and shoes, Eugène de Rastignac forgot his noble resolve. Youth, when it swerves toward wrong, dares not look in the mirror of conscience; maturity has already seen itself there. That is the whole difference between the two phases of life.
Pearl S. Buck|"Will you walk into my parlour?" Said the spider to a fly: '"Tis the prettiest little parlour That ever you did spy."
Frederick Douglass|The dull mind, once arriving at an inference that flatters the desire, is rarely able to retain the impression that the notion from which the inference started was purely problematic.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Perception does not define who we are, but it does define where we are limited, and where we are not yet free.
H.P. Lovecraft|The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its content. We live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of black seas of infinity, and it was not meant we should voyage far. The sciences, each straining in its own direction, have hitherto harmed us little; but some day the piecing together of dissociated knowledge will open up such terrifying vistas of reality, and of our frightful position therein, that we shall either go mad from the revelation or flee from the deadly light into peace and safety of a new dark age.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|What were the Mechanic's elders like? She had said they were like his own, strange though that sounded. Did they listen to her? Had she passed on the warning, only to have her elders dismiss her words as Alain's elders had dismissed his?He suddenly felt certain that this Mechanic had no choice but to go onward to danger. Once again, he knew how she must feel. A strange sensation, worrisome. How to make it go away? How to release the hold she had placed upon him?She had saved his life. Alain almost smiled before he caught himself. That was it. Several times she had "helped" him. The Mechanic had used that to influence him. No wonder the elders warned against helping. How to cancel it out? Like cancelled like. Power could defeat power. She had saved him, she had helped him. He would help her, perhaps even save her life. That would cancel whatever the Mechanic had done to him. He would be free of her. The logic had no flaws.
Mike Birbiglia|I get labelled as just being about one thing, but there's lots of layers to what I do. It's just lazy journalism, but people start to accept it. If people spent an hour in my car driving around London and listening to the stuff I listen to, they'd hear some interesting stuff.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|If you want to bethe best you can be,don’t judge anyone.Not even yourself.
John Geddes|I guess we are juste two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl," I say.Her eyes narrow. "I've heard that somewhere before."I smile and point at her briefly. "Pink Floyd. But it's the truth.""You think we're lost?"I tilt my head back a little and look up at the stars behind her and say, "In society maybe. But together, no. I think we're right where we need to be.
John Ajvide Lindqvist, Little Star|Mark nodded even though she couldn't see. He'd suddenly lost any desire to talk, and his plans for a perfect day washed away with the stream. The memories. They never let him go, not even for a half hour. They always had to rush back in, bringing all the horror.
Jim Stovall|The clown may be the source of mirth, but - who shall make the clown laugh?
Sheree' Griffin, A Trap Of Malicious Blind Love A Memoir Of Sex, Seduction, Manipulation & Betrayal|There is always a curve n the road when it comes to a relationship,don't let others bring you down to their level because of their own unhappiness and insecurities that they have within themselves.
George Orwell, 1984|The worst thing to call somebody is crazy. It's dismissive. "I don't understand this person. So they're crazy." That's bullshit. These people are not crazy. They strong people. Maybe their environment is a little sick.
Georg C. Lichtenberg|When a novel has 200,000 words, then it is possible for the reader to experience 200,000 delights, and to turn back to the first page of the book and experience them all over again, perhaps more intensely.
Mary Warnock, Imagination and Time|Without imagination we should be lost; for only with its help can we interpret our experience, turn it into experience of an outer world, and thus make use of it in understanding what and where we are, and what we need to do.
Tony DiTerlizzi, A Hero For WondLa|If you only enjoy the journey of writing, that's reward enough.
Kayla Mueller|Some people find God in love; I find God in suffering. I've known for some time what my life's work is, using my hands as tools to relieve suffering.
Roshan Sharma|You can create absolutely new reality, both in your personal and professional life and with the same people, by altering your perception towards life, and by putting necessary work into it.
Ben Bernanke|Whether that's positive or not, people are talking about the Old Vic Theater again with passion and commitment and controversy and debate.
Joss Stirling, Finding Sky|When the wound is fresh it hurts, more so when you are reminded to the hurt time and again
Anaïs Nin|I am an excitable person who only understands life lyrically, musically, in whom feelings are much stronger as reason. I am so thirsty for the marvelous that only the marvelous has power over me. Anything I can not transform into something marvelous, I let go. Reality doesn't impress me. I only believe in intoxication, in ecstasy, and when ordinary life shackles me, I escape, one way or another. No more walls.
Margaret Thatcher|My husband was in the war of the Crimea. It is terrible the hardships he went through, to be two months without going into a house, under the snow in trenches. And no food to get, maybe a biscuit in the day. And there was enough food there, he said, to feed all Ireland; but bad management, they could not get it.
Loni Love|I look at the human life like an experiment. Every new moment, every new experience, tragic or otherwise, is an opportunity to gain a more accurate perspective and helps lead me to clarity.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|We all want to be happy and feel valued. We want love, connection, respect, confidence, health, vitality, passion, kindness, and success. When you generously provide these emotions for others, you activate the law of attraction to magnetize the same experiences for you.
Randall Jarrell, The Complete Poems|I see at last that all the knowledgeI wrung from the darkness—that the darkness flung me—Is worthless as ignorance: nothing comes from nothing,The darkness from the darkness. Pain comes from the darknessAnd we call it wisdom. It is pain.
Art Linkletter|I have always had a sense that we are all pretty much alone in life, particularly in adolescence.
Deyth Banger|People to be stronger they must have taste from everywhere the stuff, what's the feeling your father to suicide, what's the feeling to see people to die from real nature or from disease(s). That's real life!
Max DePree|Channeled correctly and integrated properly, our diversity can be our greatest strength.
Carl R White|Some say that a woman that trades her body for money is a whore, if that is the case, then a woman that trades her body for flattery and kind words is just a whore that is not paid as well.
Jean Paul|Simplicity, clarity, singleness: These are the attributes that give our lives power and vividness and joy as they are also the marks of great art. They seem to be the purpose of God for his whole creation.
Thom Mayne|I fought violently for the autonomy of architecture. It's a very passive, weak profession where people deliver a service. You want a blue door, you get a blue door. You want it to look neo-Spanish, you get neo-Spanish. Architecture with any authenticity represents resistance. Resistance is a good thing.
Jeff Bezos|Sometimes, when I look at my work at the newspaper and squint in just the right way, I can even see it as a microcosm of democracy itself. After all, every staff member participates in the creation of each issue. I solicit their ideas. I value the contributions of women and minorities. Of course, I wasn't democratically elected, but what newspaper chief ever was?
Saint Basil|I'm not saying that atheists can't act morally or have moral knowledge. But when I ascribe virtue to an atheist, it's as a theist who sees the atheist as conforming to objective moral values. The atheist, by contrast, has no such basis for morality. And yet all moral judgments require a basis for morality, some standard of right and wrong.
Christina Aguilera|If life is a journey, It can take you anywhere you wanna go.
Steve Grand, Creation: Life and How to Make It|The attention given to the side of the head which has received the injury, in connection with a specific reference to the side of the body nervously affected, is in itself evidence that in this case the ancient surgeon was already beginning observations on the localization of functions in the brain.
Jennifer Starzec, Determination|I often wished that more people understood the invisible side of things. Even the people who seemed to understand, didn't really.
Charbel Tadros|The relationship between apprentice and mentor is one of the most beautiful and most sacred relationships. In sharing his wisdom with his apprentice, the mentor discovers even more wisdom to share.
Michael Palin|Once the travel bug bites there is no known antidote, and I know that I shall be happily infected until the end of my life
Katie Reus, Chasing Danger|If you were truly ‘here for me,’ you would have a Kahlua in one hand and Henry Cavill’s number in the other. Since I’m not having drunken phone sex with Superman, there must be another reason you’re darkening my living room.
Maxwell Maltz|I wish I had more breaks in life, rather than life breaking me.
Meg Wolitzer, The Uncoupling|People like to warn you that by the time you reach the middle of your life, passion will begin to feel like a meal eaten long ago, which you remember with great tenderness.
Renzo Piano|The word 'art' interests me very much. If it comes from Sanskrit, as I've heard, it signifies 'making.' Now everyone makes something, and those who make things on a canvas with a frame, they're called artists. Formerly, they were called craftsmen, a term I prefer. We're all craftsmen, in civilian or military or artistic life.
Autumn Morning Star|Water is sacred to all Human Beings. If you do not have water, you cannot have life. I always remember to honor and pour the water because it is traditional.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Plants are more courageous than almost all human beings: an orange tree would rather die than produce lemons, whereas instead of dying the average person would rather be someone they are not.
Bernie Sanders|Nearly every business collects metrics on inventory, sales, and workplace process. Health care has been slow to measure these kinds of outcomes. Increasingly, general medicine, via either managed care or large practice settings, is improving by collecting data through electronic records and refining practice based on what works.
Simon Kinberg|When you ran out the tunnel at the old Easter Road for a derby game, you'd get a spittal right on the back of your head. They were spitting on you as you ran out, which actually helped get you going. It was some place.
Haroutioun Bochnakian, The Human Consensus and The Ultimate Project Of Humanity|Until now, human organization could only be based upon something negative which could not be conquered: SCARCITY, and something false: PERSONAL ACCOUNTABILITY... No wonder instead of producing stability, it produced the exact opposite.The current human organization based upon dealing with the consequences of scarcity and being considered responsible for our individual characteristics which we could never have chosen (our nature, our nurture, our “soul”, and all the choices they engender), will always lead to an irrational, hence unstable human organization causing perpetual conflicts, which is no organization at all.Today, we have the luxury to initiate a rational self-organization based upon two positives: -our HUMAN CONSENSUS; our common desires shared by all, and -the SCIENTIFIC PROJECT to achieve them.
Cambria Hebert, #Hater|Anyone can have a friend, but the one that would walk in a storm to find you is all you will ever need.
Debasish Mridha|With great vision, strong determination, and persistent action, everyone is capable of achieving greatness.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|And if it is a mystery, then we, too, had the right to preach mystery and to teach them that it is not the free choice of the heart that matters, and not love, but the mystery, which they must blindly obey, even setting aside their own conscience. And so we did. We corrected your deed and based it on miracle, mystery, and authority. And mankind rejoiced that they were once more led like sheep, and that at last such a terrible gift, which had brought them so much suffering, had been taken from their hearts.
Keith Moon|What are you saying?”“I want to try.”He wanted clarification on that. “You want to try what?”There it was, that deep flush. “You know.”Yes, he knew, but he wasn’t going to let her off the hook so easily. She was going to be his. For a brief time, she would belong to him and he would have everything he wanted, and he wanted her to start talking dirty. Yes. He wanted to teach her, to train her to accept pleasure so she would expect it. “No, I don’t know. You’ll have to be plain.”Avery blushed a little. “I want to be intimate with you.”So sweet. So polite. So not happening. “That sounds like you want me to get into my pajamas and exchange secrets with you. I’m not your girlfriend, Avery. Tell me what you want. That’s lesson number one. Communication and honesty are the keys to the relationship I want. I need to hear you say plainly what you want.”She hesitated, but only for a moment. He wasn’t surprised. Deep her to start talking dirty. Yes. He wanted to teach her, to train her to accept pleasure so she would expect it. “No, I don’t know. You’ll have to be plain.”Avery blushed a little. “I want to be intimate with you.”So sweet. So polite. So not happening. “That sounds like you want me to get into my pajamas and exchange secrets with you. I’m not your girlfriend, Avery. Tell me what you want. That’s lesson number one. Communication and honesty are the keys to the relationship I want. I need to hear you say plainly what you want.”She hesitated, but only for a moment. He wasn’t surprised. Deep in her heart, she was a brave girl. She’d faced so much and still was open with her heart. Damn, but he didn’t understand that. “I would like for us to sleep together.”“I’m not very sleepy.” He wasn’t going to let her get away with anything.She groaned a little in obvious frustration. “You know that’s not what I’m talking about.”“Yes. I do. So say what you want.”“I want to have sex.”“So clinical. I’ll have to think about that.”“I want to make love.”“Sweet, but not what I’m looking for.”Her face crinkled into the cutest pout. “Damn it, Lee. I want to fuck.”Just like that he was primed and ready. She’d said fuck with such a sweet little heat, her eyebrows forming a V over her face as though the entire incident had offended her polite sensibilities. She would learn there wasn’t room for politeness between them.He growled just a little. “I want to fuck, too, baby. I want to fuck all night long.
August Verona|Don't be afraid of the dark, it's a place where you can hide.
Kahlil Gibran, The Madman|On the spur of the moment she decided to go and view the blossoms by herself in the dark night. It was a strange decision for a timid and unadventurous young woman, but then she was in a strange state of mind and she dreaded the return home. That evening all sorts of unsettling fancies had burst open in her mind.("Swaddling Clothes")
Judy Azar LeBlanc|Mankind thinks only of living because he is dying, and it is only in dying that he gains his freedom to live
Bob Dylan|Morning Short List1. Woke up ✓2. Air to breath ✓3. Food to eat ✓4. Roof over head ✓ ...yep, it's a Good day!
John le Carré, A Most Wanted Man|I'm not entirely sure there is a formula for this,' I say. But I wish there were. I would have followed it, plugging in all my data for x and all of Ethan's for y. And I would have worked out the results before involving my emotions, and I wouldn't feel as I feel now--like I've been dumped for real by an imaginary guy.
John Keats|They had scarcely established themselves, however, before another company of Jackson county citizens, chiefly from around Independence, organized to drive them off.
Steven Magee|Doesn't it give you a supernatural and ultimate feeling of assurance, comfort, safety and security to know that wherever you go God is there with you? He is your Peace, Shield and Strength! He loves you! His love is eternal!
Jandy Nelson|... He was not for that moment a human being, but a frenzied creature possessed by rage, turned into an animal. All that could be seen in him was the urge to hurt, and it was, as it always will be, the most dreadful sight in the world.
Rascal Flatts|You think you're lost but you're not lost on your own. You're not alone. I will stand by you, I will help you through when you’ve done all you can do.If you can’t cope, I will dry your eyesI will fight your fight, I will hold you tight and I wont let go
George Orwell|There cannot be enduring peace, prosperity, equality and brotherhood in this world if our aims are so separate and divergent, if we do not accept that in the end we are people, all alike, sharing the Earth among ourselves and also with other sentient beings, all of whom have an equal role and stake in the state of this planet and its players.
Diana Jaber|When you meet a person as good-hearted as a child, don't ever be selfish, just give them your best and you will become great friends.
Bram Stoker|I’ve learned through the years that it’s not where you live, it’s the people who surround you that make you feel at home.
BadSquirrel, Warriors of the Heart|I was just chased through St. Willibald’s, and you know why? Because I was kind to a quig. I scrupulously hide every legitimate reason for people to hate me, and then it turns out they don’t need legitimate reasons. Heaven has fashioned a knife of irony to stab me with.
Douglas Coupland, Life After God|My mind then wandered. I thought of this: I thought of how every day each of us experiences a few little moments that have just a bit more resonance than other moments—we hear a word that sticks in our mind—or maybe we have a small experience that pulls us out of ourselves, if only briefly—we share a hotel elevator with a bride in her veils, say, or a stranger gives us a piece of bread to feed to the mallard ducks in the lagoon; a small child starts a conversation with us in a Dairy Queen—or we have an episode like the one I had with the M&M cars back at the Husky station. And if we were to collect these small moments in a notebook and save them over a period of months we would see certain trends emerge from our collection—certain voices would emerge that have been trying to speak through us. We would realize that we have been having another life altogether; one we didn’t even know was going on inside us. And maybe this other life is more important than the one we think of as being real—this clunky day-to-day world of furniture and noise and metal. So just maybe it is these small silent moments which are the true story-making events of our lives.
Neil Strauss|My respect for animators and animation directors has gone way, way up and it is just not something you can phone in.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Why would you come to Italy to see Spanish steps? That's like going to China for Mexican food, isn't it?
