Muhammad al-Tirmidhi|From Aus B. Shurahbil" He heard Allah Messenger say: "One who strives to strengthen an oppressor and knows he is an oppressor has already left Islam. Baihaqi
Erica Chilson, Restraint|Sir, don’t make a bigger fool out of yourself because I promise you, if my car is not here when I leave service today . . . just pray for rapture.
Nolan Ryan|It is okay to be an outsider, a recent arrival, new on the scene - and not just okay, but something to be thankful for... Because being an insider can so easily mean collapsing the horizons, can so easily mean accepting the presumptions of your province.
Elena Ferrante|Will the time ever come when I am not so completely dependent on thoughts I first had in childhood to furnish the feedstock for my comparisons and analogies and sense of the parallel rhythms of microhistory? Will I reach a point where there will be a good chance, I mean a more than fifty-fifty chance, that any random idea popping back into the foreground of my consciousness will be an idea that first came to me when I was an adult, rather than one I had repeatedly as a child?
A. Ashley Straker, Infected Connection|Odessa sighed. 'When I said you were one of the smartest people in the company, I was referring solely to your technical abilities. Now get to work.
Joan Armatrading|I had written many things as a journalist, but I had no idea if I could write something scary or romantic or touching that wasn't me writing about someone else's life story. It was really exciting to try.
Israelmore Ayivor|You know how the Eclipse of the sun shows it? Christ's strength eclipses your powerlessness in God's likeness, and there is total darkness on your weakness.
Balakoteswara Panchakshari|You know, When does a girl asks you for a selfie ?When she got the solution to the biggest mathematical equation of this Society.
Bruce Lee Bond, The Broken Coast|Absolution exists, call it Christian or whatever. It’s far older than any creed, and one of our blessings.
Jerry Saltz|I was raised in unique and trying environments, but they were also amazing platforms for me to have an extraordinary life. Going through hell as a kid made me sensitive to what others in this world go through, too.
Lilian Jackson Braun, The Cat Who Saw Red|Not fooling around, not bothering nobody, just sitting here mending the Primus," said the cat with a hostile frown, "and, moreover, I consider it my duty to warn you that the cat is an ancient, inviolable animal.
Auliq Ice|Without life’s struggles, we cannot grow into the person that we are meant to become.
Kevin McLeod, The Viking's Apprentice|The HISPANIOLA still lay where she had anchored; but, sure enough, there was the Jolly Roger--the black flag of piracy--flying from her peak.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|If your destiny is glorious, a protracted journey filled with ups and downs is ahead of you. Sit down and strategize to outlast your challenges.
Danny Meyer|Cyberbullying isn't real. But bullying and harassment certainly are real. Trust me, friends, I went to school in England. They've got bullying down to a fine art. I know, because I was one of its chief architects. I was awful to my fellow schoolboys.
Iain M. Banks, Against a Dark Background|Already she could feel the stunning weight of a lifetime of regret for letting him go, and she knew that it was enought to bury her alive.
Frank Sonnenberg, Follow Your Conscience: Make a Difference in Your Life & in the Lives of Others|While toxic food is bad for your health and well-being, so are negative and unethical people.
Chris Jordan|My father was an electrical engineer who worked at Westinghouse in Pittsburgh. When I was growing up, my mother wrote humor columns for the local paper. She was the Erma Bombeck of Murrysville, Pa.
Lendon|Take it with a whole shaker of salt, a grain won't be close to enough.
Philip Roth, American Pastoral|And since we don’t just forget things because they don’t matter but also forget things because they matter too much because each of us remembers and forgets in a pattern whose labyrinthine windings are an identification mark no less distinctive than a fingerprint's, it’s no wonder that the shards of reality one person will cherish as a biography can seem to someone else who, say, happened to have eaten some ten thousand dinners at the very same kitchen table, to be a willful excursion into mythomania
Steve Maraboli|If you want to be with someone, be with them! Don't make excuses, cause drama, or make them fight for a spot in your life. Express your love and commitment with words and actions. And if you don't feel inspired to show your love this way, be kind enough to let them go... so they can find someone who will.
Deyth Banger|Now you are the helper of this victim, tomorrow the victim will be the killer and you will be the victim.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|When you come out of the storm, you won’t be the same person who walked in. That’s what this storm’s all about.
Erik Pevernagie|Let’s not wait until the light fades into irreparable loss, but let’s stay in the loop and pursue the momentous flow of daily little wonders, since life kindly tenders us gorgeous bouquets of sparkling colors, telling signs and rousing episodes. (“Côté cour…Côté jardin”)
Adunni Badmus|And when you reach the place where this understanding overtakes you; that there is no one in the world that will ever love you with the force and power you can love yourself with. That no saviour in the form of a spouse or best friend is coming to make you complete and that you are your own saviour, your own best friend and perhaps the only saviour and best friend you will have, you will soar on wings of eagles and amazing things will happen.
George Clooney|Hollywood studios bury that stuff - actors who punch directors in the face and try to run producers over with cars - insanity, criminal behavior. But the studios are invested in that star, they can't have that person's name dirtied up.
Jennifer E. Smith|can you see how amazing the Sun in Winter? so beautiful like a miracle", and he looked at me and said "The Sun is like a miracle just in Winter, but you are a miracle in my life
Hayley Williams|Well you found us strength and solutions but I liked the tensionAnd not always knowing the answers when you're gonna lose it, you're gonna lose it.
Michael D. O'Brien, Theophilos|Children need to see that they are part of a history and that the story of their family is a living thing. God tells it, a new story in each generation, and each must hold hands across the sea of time, joining together the ones who went before and the ones who come after. It is given from above. Little do we understand this in the beginning, but time teaches us many things we did not expect to learn. That is life. It is the same everywhere.
Laila Lalami, Secret Son|The line of head is strong, but the line of heart is weak. And most importantly, the line of life is short. The stars do not seem to be right.
William of Conches|God can make a cow out of a tree, but has He ever done so? Therefore show some reason why a thing is so, or cease to hold that it is so.
Jasmine Guinness|Prejudice is sinful. All blood flows red. And the most harmful and foolish kind of prejudice is prejudice against yourself. Every woman is your sister, and every woman needs her sisters. So try to give other women the courtesy of your compassion, respect, and forgiveness. Love yourself despite - and because of - your flaws.
Arika Okrent, In the Land of Invented Languages: Esperanto Rock Stars, Klingon Poets, Loglan Lovers, and the Mad Dreamers Who Tried to Build a Perfect Language|The job of the linguist, like that of the biologist or the botanist, is not to tell us how nature should behave, or what its creations should look like, but to describe those creations in all their messy glory and try to figure out what they can teach us about life, the world, and, especially in the case of linguistics, the workings of the human mind.
Whitebeard|You're not the one Teach!!The man roger was waiting for,at the very least,it's not you teachJust as there are people who inherited roger's will...Someday one will carry ace's will...You may eradicate their bloodline ,but their flame never dies...For many ages , it has been passed down through the generations...And someday,bearing the weight of all these generations,a man will appear to challenge this world...Sengoku,you people of the World Government are living in fear of that great battle that will someday engulf the entire world...Though it has nothing to do with me... When somebody finds that treasure... The world will be turned upside down!!...OH yes!it will be found!That day will come!!!!ONE PIECE!IS OUT THERE!!!!!!
Zeena Schreck|On the average, only those prisoners could keep alive who, after years of trekking from camp to camp, had lost all scruples in their fight for existence; they were prepared to use every means, honest and otherwise, even brutal force, theft, and betrayal of their friends, in order to save themselves. We who have come back, by the aid of many lucky chances or miracles - whatever one may choose to call them - we know: the best of us did not return.
Matt Perman, What's Best Next: How the Gospel Transforms the Way You Get Things Done|It’s easy to give God a list of excuses for not feeling worthy or as capable as someone else, in our service to him. The problem is that God doesn’t call those who are unprepared or incapable. He calls those who have the talent and ability to serve. He has it all planned out for us. Our challenge is to accept his calling and move out in faith believing in his promises of help and support.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|There are two mistakes one can make along the road to truth.   Not going all the way, and not starting.”   Siddhrtha Gautama
Ashtavakra Gita|You may recite or listen to countless scriptures, but you will not be established within until you can forget everything.
Cornell Woolrich|Inevitably, his vision verged toward the fantastic; he published a scattering of stories - most included in this volume - which appeared to conform to that genre at least to the degree that the fuller part of his vision could be seen as "mysteries." For Woolrich it all was fantastic; the clock in the tower, hand in the glove, out of control vehicle, errant gunshot which destroyed; whether destructive coincidence was masked in the "naturalistic" or the "incredible" was all pretty much the same to him. RENDEZVOUS IN BLACK, THE BRIDE WORE BLACK, NIGHTMARE are all great swollen dreams, turgid constructions of the night, obsession and grotesque outcome; to turn from these to the "fantastic" was not to turn at all. The work, as is usually the case with a major writer was perfectly formed, perfectly consistent, the vision leached into every area and pulled the book together. "Jane Brown's Body" is a suspense story. THE BRIDE WORE BLACK is science fiction. PHANTOM LADY is a gothic. RENDEZVOUS IN BLACK was a bildungsroman. It does not matter.
Seanan McGuire|We take it for granted that life moves forward. You build memories; you build momentum.You move as a rower moves: facing backwards. You can see where you've been, but not where you’re going. And your boat is steered by a younger version of you. It's hard not to wonder what life would be like facing the other way. Avenoir.You'd see your memories approaching for years, and watch as they slowly become real.You’d know which friendships will last, which days are important, and prepare for upcoming mistakes. You'd go to school, and learn to forget.One by one you'd patch things up with old friends, enjoying one last conversation before youmeet and go your separate ways. And then your life would expand into epic drama. The colors would get sharper, the world would feel bigger.You'd become nothing other than yourself, reveling in your own weirdness.You'd fall out of old habits until you could picture yourself becoming almost anything. Your family would drift slowly together, finding each other again. You wouldn't have to wonder how much time you had left with people, or how their lives would turn out.You'd know from the start which week was the happiest you’ll ever be, so you could relive it again and again.You'd remember what home feels like,and decide to move there for good. You'd grow smaller as the years pass, as if trying to give away everything you had before leaving.You'd try everything one last time, until it all felt new again. And then the world would finally earn your trust, until you’d think nothing of jumping freely into things, into the arms of other people.You'd start to notice that each summer feels longer than the last.Until you reach the long coasting retirement of childhood.You'd become generous, and give everything back.Pretty soon you’d run out of things to give, things to say, things to see.By then you'll have found someone perfect; and she'll become your world.And you will have left this world just as you found it. Nothing left to remember, nothing left to regret, with your whole life laid out in front of you, and your whole life left behind.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|Keating stood still, because he understood for the first time what it was that artists spoke about when they spoke of beauty.
Eliezer Yudkowsky|Be careful... any time you find yourself defining the "winner" as someone other than the agent who is currently smiling from on top of a giant heap of utility.
Byron Paulus|We don't think of ourselves as 'unforgiving' or 'bitter'- those words imply that we are somehow personally responsible. We prefer to talk about how deeply we have been 'hurt', implying that we are merely helpless victims. Are those who have been deeply wounded destined to live damaged lives? Or is there real healing for deep hurt? I say there is. . . .We've also deceived ourselves into believing that we can love and serve God and be 'good Christians,' while failing to forgive. When are we going to get honest?
Compton Gage|Patience! It is not how quickly you run, but how slowly.
Edwin Way Teale|Another thing I like to do is sit back and take in nature. To look at the birds, listen to their singing, go hiking, camping and jogging and running, walking along the beach, playing games and sometimes being alone with the great outdoors. It's very special to me.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|I have something I need to tell you," he says. I run my fingers along the tendons in his hands and look back at him. "I might be in love with you." He smiles a little. "I'm waiting until I'm sure to tell you, though.""That's sensible of you," I say, smiling too. "We should find some paper so you can make a list or a chart or something."I feel his laughter against my side, his nose sliding along my jaw, his lips pressing my ear."Maybe I'm already sure," he says, "and I just don't want to frighten you."I laugh a little. "Then you should know better.""Fine," he says. "Then I love you.
Carroll Bryant|If you want to dance the dance then you better learn the steps, the world has enough pretenders. If you want to practice sex then you better find a partner, and to love you must surrender.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|You dumb-ass," I crooned, kissing her on the forehead. "You don't share me. You own me.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|When all is said and done, the life of faith is nothing if not an unending struggle of the spirit with every available weapon against the flesh.
Mike Klepper|If we don’t make our own future, it will be made for us.
Temitayo Olami|When a woman says she doesn't want to be your fling, it doesn't mean she wants to be your girlfriend either. All the signs and words may just be her way of accommodating you or showing that you're good company, and not because she loves you at all to want more from you.
Joe Hill|But it turned out life was more like the kind of song the Stones wrote: you didn't get any satisfaction, you took one hit to the body after another, if you were a woman you were a bitch who belonged under someone's thumb, and if you wanted mother's little helper from your dear doctor you better have the silver, take it or leave it, and don't come crying for sympathy, that was just for the devil.
Sharon Critchfield, Waking Up to Heal|Remember, healing through forgiveness takes place in the soul and subconscious, not by a face to face confrontation that ends in hugging and tears of joy. In fact, chances are that would never happen anyway, so you are setting yourself up for failure if that is your expectation.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I am still learning, for the Christian life is one of constant growth.
Elisabeth Elliot, Discipline: The Glad Surrender|The believer alone will be able to hear the call. It comes from beyond ourselves, beyond our society, beyond the climate of opinion and prejudice and rebellion and skepticism in which we live, and beyond our time and taste. It draws toward the center of all things, that still place of which T.S. Eliot wrote : Against the Word the unstilled world still whirledAbout the centre of the silent Word.
James Jean-Pierre|Gossip, slander and jealousy have caused more pain than many wars.
Kevin Mitnick|When I was eight, my piano teacher played seven or eight notes, and I sang them. She stopped and looked at me in shock! That was the first time I'd gotten that reaction. I'd had looks of horror, but never shock in a positive way.
Lawrence Blair, Ring of Fire: An Indonesia Odyssey|It was at Long Huruk that we encountered the vortex of the dream time of which we had so far only touched the periphery, for this was the semi-nomadic community of mystics and dream wanderers.
Nomthandazo Tsembeni|The Victorians lost a few workers in everything they built, rather like a votive offering.
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|If you manage to make it to some semblance of adulthood, just showing up turns out to be one of the kindest, most selfless things you can do for someone.
Horatio Nelson|I call the discourse of power any discourse that engenders blame, hence guilt, in its recipient.
Barbara Lieberman, The Treasure of Ravenwood|One does not seek love,' she told him, 'it should find you all on it's own
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|There is an amazing power getting to know your inner self and learning how to use it and not fight with the world. If you know what makes you happy, your personality, interests and capabilities, just use them, and everything else flows beautifully.
Robin Benway, Emmy & Oliver|Sometimes, the things people don't say are louder than the words that come out of their mouths.
Henry Miller, Sexus|Life's wildest moment---she kneels on the sidewalk. Everything else she does is lies, lies.
Robin Hobb, Golden Fool|We were both smiling, in that bittersweet way one does when imagining something the heart longs for and the head would dread.
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|There is no simple explanation for anything important any of us do, and the human tragedy, or the human irony, consists in the necessity of living with the consequences of actions performed under the pressure of compulsions so obscure we do not and cannot understand them.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea|Both precious and absurd, this tightrope of existence we walk in both directions; strung only on a rhythm of heartbeats across a void
Marisa Meltzer, Girl Power: The Nineties Revolution in Music|At a small dinner with other business executives, the guest of honor spoke the entire time without taking a breath. This meant that the only way to ask a question or make an observation was to interrupt. Three or four men jumped in, and the guest politely answered their questions before resuming his lecture. At one point, I tried to add something to the conversation and he barked, "Let me finish! You people are not good at listening!" Eventually, a few more men interjected and he allowed it. Then the only other female executive at the dinner decided to speak up--and he did it again! He chastised her for interrupting. After the meal, one of the male CEOs pulled me aside to say that he had noticed that only the women had been silenced. He told me he empathized, because as a Hispanic, he has been treated like this many times.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|We are faced with the fact, my friends, that tomorrow is today. Procrastination is still the thief of time. Over the bleached bones and jumbled residues of numerous civilizations are written the pathetic words ‘Too Late’.
Leo Tolstoy|In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.
Peter Benchley|Chance is always powerful. Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be fish.
Daniele Lanzarotta|He looked at his watch and knew he had to get going. He wished he could spend forever staring at her, but he was not meant to have that much happiness; he never thought he deserved it. Not after spending centuries as he did.
Aysha Taryam, The Opposite of Indifference: A Collection of Commentaries|In politics, the pen is at its heaviest because it is weighed down by the collective responsibility it holds towards its people and their future in the eyes of the world.
R. Scott Bakker, The Judging Eye|I remeber asking a wise man, once . . . 'Why do Men fear the dark?' . . . 'Because darkness' he told me, 'is ignorance made visable.' 'And do Men despise ignorance?' I asked. 'No,' he said, 'they prize it above all things--all things!--but only so long as it remains invisible.
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, One Word|I told her how many things on earth have a fixed colour. Let us say, the green leaves. In our eyes, a red or a yellow leaf is beautiful. Even better if the leaf is shaded in several hues. So we paint the yellows and reds in our paintings oftener. And we forget the ordinary green, the best in nature.
Steven Levy, In the Plex: How Google Thinks, Works, and Shapes Our Lives|Inherently, Larry & Serge aren't paper-oriented - they're product oriented. If they have another 10 minutes, they want to make something better. They don't want to take 10 minutes to tell you something they did.- Terry Winograd
Robin Reardon, Thinking Straight|Physiologically, the union of two opposites is a pleasurable affair. Why should the psyche be any different?
Jason Statham|Some of the companies we helped start are names you know. An office supply company called Staples - where I'm pleased to see the Obama campaign has been shopping; The Sports Authority, which became a favorite of my sons. We started an early childhood learning center called Bright Horizons that First Lady Michelle Obama rightly praised.
J.C. Patrick, A Hollywood Classic|My life was full of drama, with the highs and lows of Tyler’s daily mood swings and my private innuendos with Vandenberg. There’d never been a movie made that could permanently shift my mood away from my disappointment with myself.
Johann Sebastian Bach|My idea of heaven is a place where the Tyne meets the Delta, where folk music meets the blues.
Nancy Pelosi|There definitely comes a time where a fresh pair of eyes and fresh leadership would be good, and the Conservative Party has got some great people coming up - the Theresa Mays, and the George Osbornes, and the Boris Johnsons.
Karen Swallow Prior, Fierce Convictions: The Extraordinary Life of Hannah More—Poet, Reformer, Abolitionist|When a man of sense comes to marry, it is a companion whom he wants, and not an artist. It is not merely a creature who can paint, and play, and sing, and draw, and dress, and dance; it is a being who can comfort and counsel him; one who can reason and reflect, and feel, and judge, and discourse, and discriminate; one who can assist him in his affairs, lighten his cares, sooth his sorrows, strengthen his principles, and educate his children.” – Hannah More
John P. Kotter|To have great poets, there must be great audiences.
Daymond John|It will be a great day when our schools have all the money they need, and our air force has to have a bake-sale to buy a bomber.
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|Life is made of MOMENTS. From the beginning to the end of EXISTENCE. But not everything that happens to BE necessarily one day will lose its title. Time has the PRIVILEGE to create and destroy, but above all, to ETERNIZE. Time has the power to promote meetings, disagreements, but mainly TEACHING. Influence in the most desperate situations as in the most beautiful MEMORY. Time is loss, but it is CURE. It is the second of birth and the whole LIFE. Time is lord! But like every sovereign, it is only when there is something that proposes such a position. Time with us can be EVERYTHING, but without reason, can be nothing. Then he becomes righteous, RECIPROCAL, respect and him will respects you. Embrace the time! Give your hand for a moment, one with yourself! Make "the sense" HAPPEN in your favor! Just WANT! The beginning of everything is the time, but for the most OUTSTANDING events, the WILL was indispensable! THINK, even for 1 minute!
Thomas Szasz|In the animal kingdom, the rule is, eat or be eaten; in the human kingdom, define or be defined.
P.C. Cast, Goddess of Spring|Hades was the personification of dark and dangerous--a living, breathing Batman.
Sugar Ray Leonard|I'm a teacher still, but with a much larger classroom.
Debasish Mridha|Life is like a cooking pot. If you cook something good, you well get something tasty. If you cook something bad, you will get something bad.
Michael D. Higgins|Through the inspiration of Vaclav's words, the courage of his dissidence and the integrity of his leadership, Czechoslovakia successfully transitioned from an authoritarian state to a free democracy at the heart of Europe.
Morris Chestnut|The concept of romantic love affords a means of emotional manipulation which the male is free to exploit, since love is the only circumstance in which the female is (ideologically) pardoned for sexual activity.
Paula Gruben, Umbilicus|For all her faults, it was actually my mom who instilled in me a love of reading, and books, for which I will always be grateful. She’s a complete bibliophile, so I’ve pretty much grown up around libraries and books.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|Diane St. John had once said he looked as if he would speak in poetry, should he ever deign to speak at all.
C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory|There are no ordinary people. You have never talked to a mere mortal. Nations, cultures, arts, civilizations - these are mortal, and their life is to ours as the life of a gnat. But it is immortals whom we joke with, work with, marry, snub and exploit - immortal horrors or everlasting splendors. This does not mean that we are to be perpetually solemn. We must play. But our merriment must be of that kind (and it is, in fact, the merriest kind) which exists between people who have, from the outset, taken each other seriously - no flippancy, no superiority, no presumption. And our charity must be real and costly love, with deep feelings for the sins in spite of which we love the sinner - no mere tolerance, or indulgence which parodies love as flippancy parodies merriment. Next to the Blessed Sacrament itself, your neighbour is the holiest object presented to your senses ... for in him also Christ 'vere latitat' - the glorifier and the glorified, Glory Himself, is truly hidden.
N.T. Wright, Simply Christian: Why Christianity Makes Sense|The author compares rationalism and much of organized religion do a dictator who paves over natural springs in order to dispense water in a more organized fashion. The pushback of the world hungry for wonder may be compared to the break out of those springs from their constraints. Not everything they produce is healthy, but the overreaction of eliminating them is worse.
Doug Mack, Europe on 5 Wrong Turns a Day: One Man, Eight Countries, One Vintage Travel Guide|I wore only black socks, because I had heard that white ones were the classic sign of the American tourist. Black ones though,- those'll fool 'em. I supposed I hoped the European locals' conversation would go something like this:PIERRE: Ha! Look at that tourist with his camera and guidebook!JACQUES: Wait, but observe his socks! They are...black!PIERRE: Zut alors! You are correct! He is one of us! What a fool I am! Let us go speak to him in English and invite him to lunch!
Alexandra Bracken, In Time|Sometimes the darkness lives inside you, and sometimes it wins.
Elle Cosimano, Nearly Gone|I hadn't yet come to terms with the man my father was, or the lives he'd destroyed. But I accepted that he was part of me, and that he'd loved me once.
Tom Raabe, Biblioholism: The Literary Addiction|We biblioholics have different priorities. We've got all our clothes in our suitcase in two minutes flat, and then we spend three hours and fifty-eight minutes deciding which books to bring.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei - سید علی خامنه‌ای|The world in which we now live is a world whose outlook is so distorted that we absolutize what is relative (money-making, power, success) and relativize what is absolute (truth, moral values, and God).
Sen Mani|The Hebrews knew that by rest, God meant not only the protection of their boundaries from invading hordes but the emotional, mental, and spiritual confidence they would have knowing that God was irreversibly with them. Rest was inseparable from God's presence. One always accompanies the other.
Sōseki Natsume, And Then|What’s-his-name had started out with all the promise of a wild stallion gallop, but he’d ended up more of a gentle trot. I didn’t know if the fault lay with the jockey or the ride, but it had been a long time since I’d seen a finish line.
Matthew W. Corrigan|Several themes describe misconceptions about mental illness and corresponding stigmatizing attitudes. Media analyses of film and print have identified three: people with mental illness are homicidal maniacs who need to be feared; they have childlike perceptions of the world that should be marveled; or they are responsible for their illness because they have weak character (29-32). Results of two independent factor analyses of the survey responses of more than 2000 English and American citizens parallel these findings (19,33):- fear and exclusion: persons with severe mental illness should be feared and, therefore, be kept out of most communities;- authoritarianism: persons with severe mental illness are irresponsible, so life decisions should be made by others;- benevolence: persons with severe mental illness are childlike and need to be cared for.- Although stigmatizing attitudes are not limited to mental illness, the public seems to disapprove persons with psychiatric disabilities significantly more than persons with related conditions such as physical illness (34-36).
Thomas Merton, Gandhi On Non-Violence|In the preface of "The Rifles" "Another rule we followed was never kill an animal that we were not going to use for food or clothing." Barnabas Piryuaq"Well, in those high latitudes we found such quantities of seals and walruses that we simply did not know what to do with them.There were thousands and thousands lying there; we walked among them and hit them on the head, and laughed heartily in the abundance which God had created." Jan Welzi 1933. 
Mary E. DeMuth, Everything: What You Give and What You Gain to Become Like Jesus|The more we love, the more it hurts, and the more we have to let go.
DeWayne Owens|Although it is great to know, it is better to be told, 'I love you.' Whose day can you make better today by simply saying, 'I love you?' Now do the thing you know better to do.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Life is sweet till a bitter reality comes and hits us! After that, if you are a strong person, life will continue being sweet!
Nuno Roque|For me, every week is a fashion week.
Lillian Hellman|To begin to think with purpose, is to enter the ranks of those strong ones who only recognize failure as one of the pathways to attainment.
David Fleming, Lean Logic: A Dictionary for the Future and How to Survive It|Localisation stands, at best, at the limits of practical possibility, but it has the decisive argument in its favour that there will be no alternative.
Stephen Hawking|Intelligence is the source of technology. If we can use technology to improve intelligence, that closes the loop and potentially creates a positive feedback cycle.
Fanny Kelly, Narrative Of My Captivity Among The Sioux Indians|Gratitude is the creative force, the mother and father of love. It is in gratitude that real love exists. Love expands only when gratitude is there. Limited love does not offer gratitude. Limited love is immediately bound by something- by constant desires or constant demands. But when it is unlimited love, constant love, then gratitude comes to the fore. This love becomes all gratitude.
Ellen Ullman|A computer is a general-purpose machine with which we engage to do some of our deepest thinking and analyzing. This tool brings with it assumptions about structuredness, about defined interfaces being better. Computers abhor error.
Israelmore Ayivor|We may propose many plans, let's but remember that God can dispose our plans, propose a new and better ones and impose them on us!
Staci Backauskas|Imagine who you could be, what you could accomplish-if only you could get out of your own way.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|One should hold fast one's heart; for when one letteth it go, how quickly doth one's head run away!
Andy Paula|Choose life, choose to be happy and make somebody smile.
Carlene Bauer|My pastor mentioned Kierkegaard in a sermon only once, and it would be a long time before I discovered that there was a storied Christian who suffered from, and so in some way sanctioned, depression, rage, sarcasm, and despair - the diseases that took hold in adolescence, for which church offered no cure.
E.F. Benson, Lucia in London|This place is packed with beautiful hipsters. While the Coney Island bombast radiated sincerity, everything here seems more ironic. When someone in the crowd ironically chants, 'USA!' someone else ironically chants back, 'Mother Russia.
AnkitMishra|If you live, ego disappears. Life knows no ego, it knows only living and living and living. Life knows no self, no center; life knows no separation. You breathe - life enters into you; you exhale you enter into life. There is no separation. You eat, and trees enter into you through the fruit. Then one day you die, you are buried in the earth, and the trees suck you up and you become fruits. Your children will eat you again. You have been eating your ancestors - the trees have converted them into fruits. You think you are a vegetarian? Don't be deceived by appearances. We are all cannibals.
Anthony Mackie|My career started young and I was really ambitious, and then I had success and I hung out with people who were much older. I think I might have been temporally misplaced, so I thought I was 40. It was a premature midlife crisis.
Michael Chabon, Manhood for Amateurs|We are accustomed to repeating the cliché, and to believing, that 'our most precious resource is our children.' But we have plenty of children to go around, God knows, and as with Doritos, we can always make more. The true scarcity we face is practicing adults, of people who know how marginal, how fragile, how finite their lives and their stories and their ambitions really are but who find value in this knowledge, even a sense of strange comfort, because they know their condition is universal, is shared.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|An unbelieved truth can hurt a man much more than a lie. It takes great courage to back truth unacceptable to our times. There's a punishment for it, and it's usually crucifixion.
Richard B. Hays, The Conversion of the Imagination: Paul as Interpreter of Israel's Scripture|Desire is insatiable as death, but He who fills all in all can fill it. The capacity of our wishes who can measure? But the immeasurable wealth of God can more than overflow it.
Louis L'Amour|... When Princes devote themselves rather to pleasure than to arms, they lose their dominions.
Northrop Frye, The Educated Imagination|A person who knows nothing about literature may be an ignoramus, but many people don't mind being that.
Oswald Chambers|We look upon prayer simply as a means of getting things for ourselves, but the biblical purpose of prayer is that we may get to know God Himself.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|Life ... is a taleTold by an idiot, full of sound and fury,Signifying nothing.
Matt Ridley, The Rational Optimist|New Rule: You don't have to teach both sides of a debate if one side is a load of crap. President Bush recently suggested that public schools should teach "intelligent design" alongside the theory of evolution, because after all, evolution is "just a theory." Then the president renewed his vow to "drive the terrorists straight over the edge of the e
Danika Stone, Edge of Wild|It is perhaps, plausible that a man in this situation, impressed with the unconcern of the universe, should see the innumerable flaws of his life and have them taste wickedly in his mind and wish for another chance.
Henri Nouwen|The way that people feel changes everything. Feelings are forces. They cause us to time travel. And to leave ourselves, to leave our bodies. I would be that kind of psychologist who says, 'You're absolutely right - there are monsters under the bed.'
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance|She could not picture it. Herself riding on the subway or streetcar, caring for new horses, talking to new people, living among hordes of people every day who were not Clark.A life, a place, chosen for that specific reason––that it would not contain 
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|Why bother? Maybe the world’s not worth saving.” She knew he meant it, too. Those lifeless eyes spoke volumes.
Amy Sommers, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you last night... Unfortunately, it wasn't a dream.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|Believe in yourself, believe in yourdreams and believe in your rightto achieve your dreams.
C. JoyBell C.|I can't decide whether I'm a good girl wrapped up in a bad girl, or if I'm a bad girl wrapped up in a good girl. And that's how I know I'm a woman!
Alex Shakar, The Savage Girl|Capitalism puts things (capital) higher than life (labor). Power follows from possession, not from activity.
Abhijit Naskar|In your usual state of consciousness, there is a separate quale experience of everything you observe. But when you transcend into the domain of absolute divinity, all your qualia get mixed up.
Samuel Barnett|So, for example, if a child is labeled as having a learning disability, it has very concrete consequences for the kinds of services and potentially accommodations that child will get.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Enough talk, now read!
Debra Anastasia, Fire in the Hole|The job description, like most, used complicated words that made job-hopefuls hesitant to apply because it may be out of their range of capability.
Francoise Sagan|Americans are pragmatic, relatively uncomplicated, hearty and given to broad humor.
Arthur Japin, De zwarte met het witte hart|It’s almost like that’s the definition of being American: You love becoming Irish for a day, or becoming Italian… Or becoming a Negro for four years.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I’m not a great preacher, and I don’t claim to be a great preacher . . . I’m an ordinary preacher, just communicating the Gospel in the best way I know how.
Gro Harlem Brundtland|In addition to contributing to erosion, pollution, food poisoning, and the dead zone, corn requires huge amounts of fossil fuel - it takes a half gallon of fossil fuel to produce a bushel of corn.
Kristin Chashore|Then he laughed, and the sound was a comfort to her, and she fought against the and silver lights that shown in his eyes, and lost. When he spoke his voice was soft."And now I'm wondering," he said, "how it is you don't realize your eyes ensnare me, just as mine do you. I can't explain it, Kate's, but you shouldn't let it embarrass you. For we're both overtaken by the same--foolishness.
Damien Echols, Life After Death|and only when that happens do you realise just how much silence there really is. Silence between lovers, when something really needs to be said; silence from a parent when a child needs some word more than anything else in the world; silences and in betweens and everything which isn’t an answer.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|As much as Merthyr is a fighting town, these people also have hearts of gold. I worked all over Monmouth, and then the Aberfan disaster happened! That was a very emotional episode in my life. I never want to see anything like that ever again! In my opinion, the tip should have been moved well before the rain got in to it, and the old tip came rolling down the hillside on the school and the walls just caved in!
Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine|I was a crazy creature with a head full of carnival spangles until I was thirty, and then the only man I ever really cared for stopped waiting and married someone else. So in spite, in anger at myself, I told myself I deserved my: fate for not having married when the best chance was at hand. I started traveling. My luggage was snowed under blizzards of travel stickers. I have been alone in Paris, alone in Vienna, alone in London, and all in all, it is very much like being alone in Green Town, Illinois. It is, in essence, being alone. Oh, you have plenty of time to think, improve your manners, sharpen your conversations. But I sometimes think I could easily trade a verb tense or a curtsy for some company that would stay over for a thirty-year weekend.
Kakuzō Okakura, The Book of Tea|Fain would we remain barbarians, if our claim to civilization were to be based on the gruesome glory of war.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|Latter-day capitalism. Like it or not, it's the society we live in. Even the standard of right and wrong has been subdi-vided, made sophisticated. Within good, there's fashionable good and unfash-ionable good, and ditto for bad. Within fashionable good, there's formal and then there's casual; there's hip, there's cool, there's trendy, there's snobbish. Mix 'n' match. Like pulling on a Missoni sweater over Trussardi slacks and Pollini shoes, you can now enjoy hybrid styles of morality. It's the way of the world—philosophy starting to look more and more like business administration.Although I didn't think so at the time, things were a lot simpler in 1969. All you had to do to express yourself was throw rocks at riot police. But with today's sophistication, who's in a position to throw rocks? Who's going to brave what tear gas? C'mon, that's the way it is. Everything is rigged, tied into that massive capital web, and beyond this web there's another web. Nobody's going anywhere. You throw a rock and it'll come right back at you.
Judy Reyes|I was diagnosed with a lung disorder that some people walk around with and don't even know they have. Through early diagnosis, I'm happy to share that I stay healthy with diet and exercise.
Brandon Sanderson, Firefight|It is these big-hearted sons of the soil, no matter what their cast or creed, who will one day weld the contending factions into a composite whole, and make of India a great nation.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|To make a prairie it takes a clover and one bee,One clover, and a bee,And revery.The revery alone will do,If bees are few.
Derrick Jensen, Endgame, Vol. 1: The Problem of Civilization|My characters are more like men than these real men are, see. They're rough and rude, they got hands and they got bellies. They hate and they lust; break the skin of civilization and you find the ape, roaring and red-handed.
Michele Boldrin, Against Intellectual Monopoly|In Chapter 5 we consider swindles and defalcations. It happens that crashes and panics often are precipitated by the revelation of some misfeasance, malfeasance, or malversation (the corruption of officials) engendered during the mania. It seems clear from the historical record that swindles are a response to the greedy appetite for wealth stimulated by the boom. And as the monetary system gets stretched, institutions lose liquidity, and unsuccessful swindles are about to be revealed, the temptation to take the money and run becomes virtually irresistible. It is difficult to write on this subject without permitting the typewriter to drip with irony. An attempt will be made.
Kresley Cole, Shadow's Claim|Ambitious people understand intelligent people far better than intelligent people understand ambitious people; therefore, ambition will always triumph over intelligence. Once you appreciate this reality, civilization becomes clearer and unfortunately, more distressing.
Michael Shannon|If you are in a movie theater, you can look two people down and they are laughing while you are laughing or you can look three people down and they love that song that you love. It is living proof that you are not alone.
Brit Bennett, The Mothers|She closed her eyes, trying to remember the photos that had hung on the walls. She had passed these pictures every day, but now she only remembered them vaguely--her parents on their wedding day, her mother in a garden, her family at Knott's Berry Farm. How had she not memorized them? Or maybe she had once but she was beginning to forget. Did the house smell different because her mother's scent was gone? Or had she just forgotten how her mother smelled?
Rick Riordan, The Demigod Files|Whoa," said Nico as he climbed off the bus. "Is that a climbing wall?""Yeah," I (Percy) said."Why is there lava pouring down it?""Little extra challenge..." - Percy
Gloria Steinem|I'm very comfortable in my own skin now. I started just being myself more and more. For women, this happens as you get older. I loved my 40s - I thought they were fantastic. And I'm loving my 50s. I'm going to love everything because you're either older or dead!
Mehmet Murat ildan|In a conservative old town, say something new and be prepared for the stones!
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Usurper: And Other Stories|...No man is foolish when his friend betrays him because a man’s world is most serene when he has people to trust and call friends. After all, is it not often said that a friend is another self?
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|There is a taint of death, a flavour of mortality in lies - which is exactly what I hate and detest in the world - what I want to forget.
Margaret Chase Smith|When people keep telling you that you can’t do a thing, you kind of like to try it. 
Elvis Mitchell|I belong to the Russian language. As to the state, from my point of view, the measure of a writer's patriotism is not oaths from a high platform, but how he writes in the language of the people among whom he lives.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|You have All it takes to be Great, See the unseen, Give the Good in your hand now to Activate that Great Grace for Greatness.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X: As Told to Alex Haley|All of us - who might have probed space, or cured cancer, or built industries - were, instead, black victims of the white man's American social system.
Terry Pratchett, Hogfather|Is adult amusement killing our children, or is killing our children amusing adults?
Brom, The Child Thief|At the last moment, Kellan swerved around him, quickly leaving the zombie behind. “Why didn't you just hit him?” Jayden asked, turning to look behind us as we sped away. I did, too. The zombie spun around as he immediately started to follow us. “I didn't want to mess up my paint job,” Kellan sarcastically replied as he turned on the street that would lead us to the store. “Plus, I just washed it.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|This what you want, huh?” He pulled her hips off the wall with his spare hand to fit snug against his body. “Me using you like this?” His head lowered to her other breast, replacing the pinching with suction, soothing the stinging tip as his fingers tortured the other. Yes. This. Them using each other. That was what she wanted. What the hell was wrong with that? The irrational anger she’d felt in the car boiled up in her again. “Fuck you,” she panted, grounding her head and shoulder blades against the wall as her left hand ploughed into his hair and she twisted her fingers hard. He didn’t even flinch and that just made her madder.
Leila Aboulela|In the inhalation and exhalation there is an energy and a lively divine spirit, since He, through his spirit supports the breath of life, giving courage to the people who are in the earth and spirit to those who walk on it.
Marie Helvin|I lost all my investments after everything crashed in 2001. Prior to that, I'd been living off the interest on my investments, which was very healthy because it allowed frequent travel, and I had a lovely apartment.
Roxanne Snopek, Finding Home|Jake buried his face in my neck and kissed a burning trail up it and along my jaw. "Should I ride the elevator of our building up and down all night, hoping you'll show?" he asked, his voice husky. "Or should we just plan to meet?
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|For though your mind is active enough, your heart is darkened with corruption, and without a pure heart there can be no full or genuine sensibility.
James Castleton, MD, Mending of a Broken Heart|Only through delayed gratification could you be able to come up with other virtues, character, trait that will really qualify you to call yourself a human being.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The Proud Tower: A Portrait of the World Before the War, 1890-1914|Even now, when I have time to consider what I've been and what I am, I doubt I comprehend my humanity, if I can claim so grand a word for my own morsel of life. I might as well be a meteor of a man, for all the difference I've made on earth.
Tommy Hilfiger|We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid.
irak.ibrahim hussain didi|I never interrupt people when they're speaking because I know only too well how annoying it is. But with my every brattish interjection, the dimples deepened at the corner of his lips. And I was half-drunk on his smiling and the power of saying things that made him smile.
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|Some of us are happy with our African hair, thank you very much. I don't want some poor Indian girl's hair. And I wish to God I could buy black hair products from black people for once. How we going to make it in this country if we don't make our own business?
Steven Adams|I remember going on carriage rides with Dad when we'd visit. I think quiet L.A. suited him better, but he loved to see shows here, he loved to visit his friends in the Hamptons.
Friedrich Nietzsche|I put forward formless and unresolved notions, as do those who publish doubtful questions to debate in the schools, not to establish the truth but to seek it.
Carla H. Krueger|They are a brilliant device for shape-shifting as we can slip into the skin of authors from other times, other cultural backgrounds, brilliant minds who give us a new perspective on life and the world - something we all need from time to time. - Cornelia Funke
Hans Fallada, Every Man Dies Alone|Not that she's a political animal, she's just an ordinary woman, but as a woman she's of the view that you don't bring children into the world to have them shot.
Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa, The Leopard|She was tall and well-made, on an ample scale; her skin looked as if it had the flavour of fresh cream which it resembled, her childlike mouth that of strawberries. Under a mass of raven hair, curling in gentle waves, her green eyes gleamed motionless as those of statues, and like them a little cruel. She was moving slowly, making her wide white skirt rotate around her, and emanating from her whole person the invincible calm of a woman sure of her own beauty.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Men and girls, men and girls: Artificial swine and pearls.
David Ignatius|All different forms of human expression, art, science, are going to become expanded, by expanding our intelligence.
Mario J. Lucero|The movers & shakers of the world are not imbued with special powers. Once you realize that, you too can attain your rightful mantle.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A virtuous spouse adds years to your life, a wise one adds decades, but a loving one adds an eternity to your life.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Having contact sheets for all sorts of episodes in your life seemed to me intriguing and desirable. So much of my own history is beclouded by time, but a few sharp rays, in the form of pictures, falling upon a given day would resuscitate whole contexts. And from this archipelago of moments, scenes, episodes, you could see the larger tectonic movements of your life forming and unforming. You would be reminded of who you are. Or at least of who you were.
Laurie Matthew, Who Dares Wins|Now writing is just working your way toward the border that the innermost secret draws around itself, and to cross that line would mean self-destruction. But writing is also an attempt to respect the borderline only for the truly innermost secret, and bit by bit to free the taboos around that core, difficult to admit as they are, from their prison of unspeakability. Not self-destruction but self-redemption. Not being afraid of unavoidable suffering.
Gladys M. Hunt|Books are like people: fascinating, inspiring, thought-provoking, some laugh, some meditate, others ache with old age, but still have wisdom: some are disease-ridden, some deceitful; but others are a delight to behold, and many travel to foreign lands; some cry, some teach, others are lots of fun, they are excellent companions and all have individuality - Books are friends. What person has too many friends?
Edward Jenner|You all know that I have been sustained throughout my life by three saving graces - my family, my friends, and a faith in the power of resilience and hope. These graces have carried me through difficult times and they have brought more joy to the good times than I ever could have imagined.
Sue Monk Kidd, God's Joyful Surprise: Finding Yourself Loved|we need not avoid our active lives, but simply bring to them a new vision and shift of gravity. for in the center we are rooted in god's love. in such a place there is no need for striving and impatience and dashing about seeking approval.
Jesse Browner|I believed, from the solitary and thoughtful way in which my mother murmured her song, that she was alone. And I went softly into the room. She was sitting by the fire, suckling an infant, whose tiny hand she held against her neck. Her eyes were looking down upon its face, and she sat singing to it. I was so far right, that she had no other companion. I spoke to her, and she started, and cried out. But seeing me, she called me her dear Davy, her own boy! and coming half across the room to meet me, kneeled down upon the ground and kissed me, and laid my head down on her bosom near the little creature that was nestling there, and put its hand up to my lips. I wish I had died. I wish I had died then, with that feeling in my Heart! I should have been more fit for Heaven than I ever have been since.
Darynda Jones, Second Grave on the Left|I sort of got off on making bad guys sweat. Which was not unlike my love of making good guys sweat, just by very different means.
Bruce Lee, Bruce Lee: Artist of Life|Past is a Lesson, Present is a Mission, Future is a Vision.
Sophia McMaster, The Last Companion: A conversation between Death and the last man on earth|Even nature; the restless waves, irregular trees and stars all out of line show that chaos can be beautiful!
L.J. Kentowski, Seeker of Fate|This is worth an eternity of torture,” he whispered. “I’m quite certain I love you more than anyone I’ve ever loved, in any life. I may have lost my soul when I was turned, but it’s been replaced by you, Cassandra. I’ll never let you go.
Joe Dempsie|One of the most amazing locations I've ever been is the top of the volcano in Tanzania, Africa. It's an actual volcano where you really have this lava every day.
Debasish Mridha|Life is not about destination, it is a journey of creation.
Charles Baudelaire|Of all the days dropped in time's pocketThis day will seek acknowledgement with a child's shy asking, because the love between us used no word uncommoner than coffee, and was never traced by graphs of huge emotion. Yet some fancy will recall this day hallowed past recognition.
Jonathan Carroll, The Land of Laughs|This book is a treasure; I did not suspect it would be so good when I picked it up, but now I can feel the printed words seeping through my skin and into my veins, rushing to my heart and marking it forever.I want to savor this wonder, this happening of loving a book and reading it for the first time, because the first time is always the best, and I will never read this book for the first time ever again.
Sarah J. Maas|You have been given all the good things one must have, be proud of yourself and enjoy your gifts.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders reject free opportunities they don't need, so that they can have time to create the expensive opportunities they need.
Brad Feld|I'd like to share my experiences and the lessons I've learned and hopefully create some amazing, fun courses.
Danika Stone, Edge of Wild|Money and machines anesthetize neediness. They put us in charge, in control. As long as the money holds out and the machines are in good repair, we don't need to pray.
David Jones, In Parenthesis|As suddenly the whole world would slip back into a mollifying, untormented dark; their aching bodies knew its calm.
Johnny Depp|I feel I'm able to get rid of any demons lurking in my psyche through my writing, which leaves me free to create all of this and to enjoy our family life, stepping away from all the fictional traumas and the dramas. If I write about family in crisis, then I won't have to live through it, I guess.
Jeffrey A.  White|Anybody Can Hate. Hate is Easy...Living Side by Side with Compassion, Tolerance and Respect Takes Real Courage.
G.K. Chesterton|If there was a temperature at which drama boiled, they were all sitting in hot water.
Samuel Snoek-Brown, Hagridden|Did you ever hear the one about how every living woman dies three times? Once when she is seduced of her virginity, once when she is seduced of her freedom (I believe they call it marriage), and once when she is seduced of her husband.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|Pitiful is the person who is afraid of taking risks. Perhaps this person will never be disappointed or disillusioned; perhaps she won’t suffer the way people do when they have a dream to follow. But when that person looks back – and at some point everyone looks back – she will hear her heart saying, “What have you done with the miracles that God planted in your days? What have you done with the talents God bestowed on you? You buried yourself in a cave because you were fearful of losing those talents. So this is your heritage; the certainty that you wasted your life.
Rollo May, The Courage to Create|Human freedom involves our capacity to pause between the stimulus and response and, in that pause, to choose the one response toward which we wish to throw our weight. The capacity to create ourselves, based upon this freedom, is inseparable from consciousness or self-awareness. (p. 100)
Rabih Alameddine, I, The Divine: A Novel in First Chapters|By remaining constrained in one's environment or country or family, one has little chance of being other than the original prescription. By leaving, one gains a perspective, a distance of both space and time, which is essential for writing about family or home, in any case.
Philip Pullman, The Subtle Knife|Sometimes, the intent is good enough when the action seems impossible.
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|Everyone thinks to the extent of their own depravity,” #HenriettaLedyanova , #FatefulItalianPassion .
Carol Vorvain, Why Not?: The island where happiness starts with a question|That’s what I like about Polynesians. They wear their hearts on their sleeve knowing that, for adults, there are better games to play than hiding their emotions from each other
Sue Miller, While I Was Gone|This would be a secret that I would carry with me, until the day I died.
Imania Margria, Secrets of My Heart|It has been passed down in many texts of old and by the word of mouth; that no matter the strength of the weapons of man, there is only one thing powerful enough to defeat them all... The power of love.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|ROMEOThere is thy gold, worse poison to men's souls,Doing more murders in this loathsome world,Than these poor compounds that thou mayst not sell.I sell thee poison; thou hast sold me none.Farewell: buy food, and get thyself in flesh.Come, cordial and not poison, go with meTo Juliet's grave; for there must I use thee.
Neil Gaiman, Brief Lives|It always rains on the unloved-wet dreams-a fishing expedition-she kisses wyverns (the disneyland analogy)-dinner etiquette and chocolate lovers-desire swears by the first circle-"things are changing"-what can possibly go wrong?
James McBride, The Color of Water: A Black Man's Tribute to His White Mother|Settling into a new country is like getting used to a new pair of shoes. At first they pinch a little, but you like the way they look, so you carry on. The longer you have them, the more comfortable they become. Until one day without realizing it you reach a glorious plateau. Wearing those shoes is like wearing no shoes at all. The more scuffed they get, the more you love them and the more you can't imagine life without them.
Daniel H. Pink, To Sell Is Human: The Surprising Truth About Moving Others|You will be able to say you have done your best at selling when you satisfy your customers' needs on a steady and consistent basis. As a professional salesperson, you can't satisfy those needs unless you know what they are and appreciate the person who has them
Stever Robbins, Get-It-Done Guy's 9 Steps to Work Less and Do More|While they go get the others, I figure out the details. The system I’ve set up is intended to "process’’ matches. It does this by moving a quantity of match sticks out of their box, and through each of the bowls in succession. The dice determine how many matches can be moved from one bowl to the next. The dice represent the capacity of each resource, each bowl; the set of bowls are my dependent events, my stages of production. Each has exactly the same capacity as the others, but its actual yield will fluctuate somewhat.
Martin Luther King Jr., A Testament of Hope: The Essential Writings and Speeches|It may well be that we will have to repent in this generation. Not merely for the vitriolic words and the violent actions of the bad people, but for the appalling silence and indifference of the good people who sit around and say, "Wait on time.
LL Cool J|I'm a late riser by my family's standards. Sleeping is a luxury because since I was young, I woke up very early to go ice-skating. So I'm really not a morning girl.
Germany Kent|If we seek for the best times to act, we may missed some opportunities. We must seize every moment and make it great.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are not interested in your own country’s problems, than what difference remains between you and a cow eating grass in a quiet corner unaware of anything around itself!
Natasha Pulley, The Watchmaker of Filigree Street|At present the universities are as uncongenial to teaching as the Mojave Desert to a clutch of Druid priests. If you want to restore a Druid priesthood, you cannot do it by offering prizes for Druid-of-the Year. If you want Druids, you must grow forests.
Izzeldin Abuelaish, I Shall Not Hate: A Gaza Doctor's Journey on the Road to Peace and Human Dignity|Rising to her feet, she shot the Bird Man a furious glare, and then stormed off toward Savidlin's house. She was glad to be away from Richard, to be away from watching those girls pawing him.Her fingernails dug into her palms, but she didn't notice as she marched past the happy people. The dancers danced, the drummers drummed, the children laughed. People she passed wished her well. She wanted one of them to say something mean so she would have an excuse to hit someone.
Kyle MacLachlan|As a child I sometimes used to travel to the West Bank to visit my family, so I know what the checkpoints felt like. I knew what it was like to live under occupation.
Nanavira Thera|Talking of suicide, it is perhaps noteworthy that both of Dostoievsky's characters kill themselves: Stavrogin out of indifference and self disgust; Kirilov, after years of planning the gesture, in order to demonstrate to mankind that there is no God and that men are free to do as they please. My suicide will be less didactic.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|I don't think it has anything to do with truth, Olhado. It's just cause and effect. We never can sort them out. Science refuses to admit any cause except first cause-knock down one domino, the one next to it also falls. But when it comes to human beings, the only type of cause that matters is final cause, the purpose. What a person had in mind. Once you understand what people really want, you can't hate them anymore. You can fear them, but you can't hate them, because you can always find the same desires in your own heart.
Eli Of Kittim, The Little Book of Revelation: The First Coming of Jesus at the End of Days|How could you determine a man's intention if you didn't speak his language or share his beliefs? She'd happily embarked on a study of ancient Egyptian religion but had no curiosity about Islam, which seemed an amalgam of oddities and borrowings. She felt with conviction what she'd written home more than once--that Egypt would be an exquisite country if not for the Egyptians who lived there.
Max Weber, Politik als Beruf|You are joking. You must want money. You work for money, don't you?""I want it very badly," I said. "But I can't take this money. It wouldn't belong to me, I would belong to it. It would expect me to do things, and I would have to do them. Sit on the lid of this mess of yours, the way Marfeld did, until dry rot sets in.
Anthony T. Hincks|If you want the truth about being different,all you have to do is look in the mirror.
William Wordsworth, Character of the Happy Warrior|Skills can be trained, character is inbred.
Debasish Mridha|In our dreams every man and woman are amazingly perfect, but in reality they have imperfections, so accept it without judgement.
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|Even when you don't see Him working, He's busy working on your behalf. Forever grateful for God's grace!
Kristin Halbrook, Nobody But Us|Your eyes, they shine so brightI wanna save that lightI can't escape this nowUnless you show me how
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Achieving your heart’s desire is the key to living a life of bliss, bring your heart alive with a passion for living.
Brian Tracy|If you envy successful people, you create a negative force field of attraction that repels you from ever doing the things that you need to do to be successful. If you admire successful people, you create a positive force field of attraction that draws you toward becoming more and more like the kinds of people that you want to be like.
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|If you love something, let it go. If it does not come back it was not yours to began with.
John Wray|Only a blind man could have lived through these last years without seeing what was bearing down upon us; so I made myself blind as I could manage. I wanted to believe the worst was behind me, and I found an easy way to make it so. I simply turned my back on what was coming.
Cass Sunstein|The idea was that you could grow a system like the Internet one network at a time and then interconnect them. In some sense, the most important thing was the invention of the architecture protocols that enabled the Internet.
Wilhelm Reich, The Mass Psychology of Fascism|The Left would like to believe that racism—not the breakdown of marriage and family, the absence of religious norms, a degraded popular culture, and other issues that all concern values—is the primary impediment to black progress in America. Therefore the Left declares racism the greatest impediment to black progress.
Anthony Liccione|Words will only ruin you, if you allow them.
F.E. Higgins, The Eyeball Collector|Do you know how you get the urge to clean your room, and it’s no big deal? But when your mom tells you that you have to clean your room, you don't want to? That's me, anyway.
Michel Hazanavicius|You can make movies for a select audience, but you have to market it to them.
Nenia Campbell, Bound to Accept|A woman isn't a whore for wanting pleasure. If it were unnatural, we would not be born with such drives.
Bruce Ames|Stay positive, stay strong, stay together and just keep going!
William Voegeli, Never Enough: America's Limitless Welfare State|Does affirmative action place minority students in colleges where they're likely to fail while depriving other applicants of the chance to attend the most challenging schools where they are capable of succeeding? Does rent control drive up the cost of housing, depriving property owners of the same opportunity to profit as any other investor while driving down the quality and quantity of the housing stock? Do minimum wage laws reduce the number of entry-level jobs, making it harder to escape from poverty? Because compassion, by its nature, subordinates doing good to feeling good, these are questions the warm-hearted rarely pursue.
Mohsin Hamid, The Reluctant Fundamentalist|The reader! You, dogged, uninsultable, print-oriented bastard, it's you I'm addressing, who else, from inside this monstrous fiction. You've read me this far, then? Even this far? For what discreditable motive? How is it you don't go to a movie, watch TV, stare at a wall, play tennis with a friend, make amorous advances to the person who comes to your mind when I speak of amorous advances? Can nothing surfeit, saturate you, turn you off? Where's your shame?
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Writing is mental exercise and the preeminent method to train the mind to achieve a desirable state of mental quietude. Meditative writing, a single pointed concentration of mental activity, induces an altered state of consciousness. Writing is studious rumination, a means to converse with our personal muse. Writing entails a period of forced solitude that enables us to meet and conduct a searching conversation with our authentic self. This contemplative dialogue with our true self is transformational. Writing is not a mere act but a journey of the mind into heretofore-unknown frontiers of the self.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|...he allowed himself to be swayed by his conviction that human beings are not born once and for all on the day their mothers give birth to them, but that life obliges them them over and over again to give birth to themselves.
Val Uchendu|There're many ways to inspire others but the goal is the same. The pathways are different and must be; because we're diverse. The destination must be the same; to inspire them, so they too can inspire others.
Anthony T. Hincks|We stood at the crossroads and we all knew that we should turn right to where the sign pointed, but in our stupidity we turned left and out over the precipice.I guess we had the same chance with pollution, but then again, we were at those damn crossroads.
Melanie Harlow, If You Were Mine|It was a rather cute reaction, but as I wasn’t a part of any of that, I didn't give a damn.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the heavenly paradise, we find love, joy, hope and peace.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|It is true, I never stop wanting to learn the hard eucharisteo for deathbeds and dark skies and the prodigal sons. But I accept this is the way to begin, and all hard things come in due time and with practice. Yet now wisps of cheese tell me gentle that this is the first secret step into euchaisteo's miracle. Gratitude for the seemingly insignificant - a seed - this plants the giant miracle. The miracle of eucharisteo, like the Last Supper, is in the eating of crumbs, the swallowing down one mouthful. Do not disdain the small. The whole of life - even the hard - is made up of the minute parts, and if I miss the infinitesimals, I miss the whole. (Page 57)
Simon Sinek|When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat.
Jen Lancaster, Here I Go Again|Like the burning of the ancient library at Alexandria or the supremely ignorant incineration of stacks of invaluable Mayan codices, the loss of knowledge we are experiencing as the last of the traditional elders pass from this physical plane of existence without heirs to their knowledge- as well as the very environment in which sacred plants grow- is a tragedy occurring right now as you read these lines, one that could well be beyond redemption.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|If you currently travel abroad or plan to in the future, make sure you understand the cultural convention of the country that you are visiting. Particularly with regard to greetings. If someone gives you a weak hand-shake, don't grimace. If anyone takes your arm, don't wince. If you are in the Middle East and a person wants to hold your hand, hold it. If you are a man visiting Russia, don't be surprised when your male host kisses your cheek, rather than hand. All of these greetings are as natural as way to express genuine sentiments as an American handshake. I am honored when an Arab or Asian man offers to take my hand because I know that it is a sign of high respect and trust. Accepting these cultural differences is the first step to better understanding and embracing diversity.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Remember the shortness of life. Be true to your dreams, talents and values today.
Nikola Tesla|When a child is born its sense-organs are brought in contact with the outer world. The waves of sound, heat and light beat upon its feeble body, its sensitive nerve-fibres quiver, the muscles contract and relax in obedience: a gasp, a breath, and in this act a marvelous little engine, of inconceivable delicacy and complexity of construction, unlike any on earth, is hitched to the wheel-work of the Universe.
Joshua Cohen|Computers are great tools, but they need to be applied to the physical world.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Please look at the imperfect human being God gave to love you once, and try to like me a little for what I really was, or, God willing, am. Then please, darling, become an imperfect human being among imperfect human beings again.""Jenny
Mark Vonnegut, The Eden Express: A Memoir of Insanity|Fear that I was very different from everyone else. Fear that deep down inside I was a shallow fraud, that after the revolution or after Jesus came down to straighten everything out, everyone from hippies to hard-hats would unfold and blossom into the beautiful people they were while I would remain a gnarled little wart in the corner, oozing bile and giving off putrid smells.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|It was a defeat, resorting to crude threats in a game of subtlety, but sometimes one must sacrifice a battle to win the war.
Vinod Varghese Antony|Death is her name,Who walks in her garden of fame,And plucks flowers for her lock,Which has the power to ride a flock.
Jinat Rehana Begum|I love my culture, I'm very proud to be Kurd.
Tiffanie DeBartolo, How to Kill a Rock Star|Personally, I don’t like inherently happy people. I don’t trust them. I think there’s something seriously wrong with anyone who isn’t at least a little let down by the world.
Albert Camus|[I]t must be owned, that liberty is the perfection of civil society; but still authority must be acknowledged essential to its very existence: and in those contests, which so often take place between the one and the other, the latter may, on that account, challenge the preference. Unless perhaps one may say (and it may be said with some reason) that a circumstance, which is essential to the existence of civil society, must always support itself, and needs be guarded with less jealousy, than one that contributes only to its perfection, which the indolence of men is so apt to neglect, or their ignorance to overlook.
Rudolf Rocker|Conquest occurred through violence, and over-expolitation and oppression necessitate continued violence, so the army is present. There would be no contradiction in that, if terror reigned everywhere in the world, but the colonizer enjoys, in the mother country, democratic rights that the colonialist system refuses to the colonized native. In fact, the colonialist system favors population growth to reduce the cost of labor, and it forbids assimilation of the natives, whose numerical superiority, if they had voting rights, would shatter the system. Colonialism denies human rights to human beings whom it has subdued by violence, and keeps them by force in a state of misery and ignorance that Marx would rightly call a subhuman condition. Racism is ingrained in actions, institutions, and in the nature of the colonialist methods of production and exchange. Political and social regulations reinforce one another. Since the native is subhuman, the Declaration of Human Rights does not apply to him; inversely, since he has no rights, he is abandoned without protection to inhuman forces - brought in with the colonialist praxis, engendered every moment by the colonialist apparatus, and sustained by relations of production that define two sorts of individuals - one for whom privilege and humanity are one, who becomes a human being through exercising his rights; and the other, for whom a denial of rights sanctions misery, chronic hunger, ignorance, or, in general, 'subhumanity.
Nikos Kazantzakis|True teachers are those who use themselves as bridges over which they invite their students to cross; then, having facilitated their crossing, joyfully collapse, encouraging them to create theirown.
Italo Calvino, Six Memos For The Next Millennium|I am a Saturn who dreams of being a Mercury, and everything I write reflects these two impulses.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|Well, then, what's the plan now? You can't stay here forever.'My plan was indeed to stay there forever.
Dr Paul Gitwaza|There is only one room that the Devil can't dare enter in unless if you let him, and that, is your heart.
Homer, The Iliad|Let him submit to me! Only the god of death is so relentless, Death submits to no one—so mortals hate him most of all the gods. Let him bow down to me! I am the greater king, I am the elder-born, I claim—the greater man.
Eric Greitens, The Heart and the Fist: The Education of a Humanitarian, the Making of a Navy SEAL|If people can live through genocide and retain compassion, if they can take strength in pain, if they are able, still, to laugh, then certainly we can learn something from them.
Irum Zahra, Psychaotic: See The World In Red And Black|When my words are concealedWith lies and disguises, truth and beyondInsecurities in the veil of trustBetrayal in bounds of liesIt’s just the charm of words darlingGiving the illusion of happiness inside misery
Laura Esquivel, Swift as Desire|...being able to listen to unrepeatable secrets, wishes, and desires wasn't as wonderful as it seemed...being aware of what other people felt at every moment would come to cause him a lot of headaches, and huge disappointments in love.
Dan Simmons|Although I am basically self taught, I consider Debussy my teacher - the most important elements are colour, light and shadow.
Simon Mashalla|When I was born I was loved and feared, people played with me but I never played with them. I loved them.
The Arbinger Institute, The Anatomy of Peace: Resolving the Heart of Conflict|The end of superpower patronage to client movements worldwide created a power vacuum whose inevitable results included the spread of violence and the emergence of disparate groups, ostensibly fighting in the name of ideology, religion or ethnicity, but now seeking their finance through local taxes, plunder and pillage.
Gerard Donovan, Schopenhauer's Telescope|He leaned down and kissed my forehead. The soft melody of his lips was calming. I closed my eyes. I could smell his human skin, his human breath, his human hair, and for the first time, I would give anything to be human too.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|To understand what makes you future strong, and what being strong means, is to understand how and why you make choices.
Debasish Mridha|To win in life, never forget to be content competing with yourself.
Learned Hand, Spirit of Liberty|Liberty lies in the hearts of men and women; when it dies there, no constitution, no law, no court can save it; no constitution, no law, no court can even do much to help it. The spirit of liberty is the spirit which is not too sure that it is right; the spirit of liberty is the spirit which seeks to understand the minds of other men and women; the spirit of liberty is the spirit which weighs their interests alongside its own without bias.
David Griswold, Farmer's Market Sonnets: Autumn 2012|I am, and that is all I know at times,My being shaped by forces known and not.But whereas words are made to bend to rhymes,My feet are bound to steps that I have wrought.I feel myself expanding into thisBeautiful niche I could not see beforeBut I always sensed-and now I cannot missMyself: I am unlimited and moreIs opening to me, the more I open To this sweet fear, like falling from a cloud,My heart's inertia clear and calm, unspokenBut heard. It says to me: "You are allowed."And I am free at last to feel this wayTo take this step: to wonder, love and stray.
Michael Korda, Clouds of Glory: The Life and Legend of Robert E. Lee|The storm you face is your teacher. The experience you gain is your lesson. The life you make from it all is your blessing. Always remember, the teacher teaches a lesson that becomes a blessing. Embrace the storm and watch your life change as you utilize the lesson. Your better days lie ahead...just hold on!
Shubhrata Prakash, The D Word|When mental [illness] increases until it reaches the danger point, do not exhaust yourself by efforts to trace back to original causes. Better accept them as inevitable and save your strength to fight against the effects.
Dada Bhagwan|Worrying is the greatest pride, which is why nature punishes one heavily. Nature punishes more the one who worries, than it does the one who curses God. The doer is some other entity and you are worrying? Are you mightier than even nature?
The Beatles|Hey Jude, don't make it bad, take a sad song and make it better.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Good Citizens: Creating Enlightened Society|When you do something, you should do it with your whole body and mind; you should be concentrated on what you do. You should do it completely, like a good bonfire. You should not be a smoky fire. You should burn yourself completely. If you do not burn yourself completely, a trace of yourself will be left in what you do.
Neil Gaiman, Preludes & Nocturnes|All Bette's stories have happy endings. That's because she knows where to stop. She's realized the real problem with stories—if you keep them going long enough, they always end in death.
Jack Kerouac|Death was painful, not because people couldn't see their loved ones anymore, but because they couldn't communicate with them anymore.
Robert Vanleeuwen, Among Wolves'|It doesn't matter which line you walk, it's gray just like any other
Yehuda Amichai|I believe with perfect faith that at this very momentmillions of human beings are standing at crossroadsand intersections, in jungles and deserts,showing each other where to turn, what the right way is,which direction. They explain exactly where to go,what is the quickest way to get there, when to stopand ask again. There, over there. The secondturnoff, not the first, and from there left or right,near the white house, by the oak tree.They explain with excited voices, with a wave of the handand a nod of the head: There, over there, not that there, the other there,as in some ancient rite. This too is a new religion.I believe with perfect faith that at this very moment.
Gerard Way|There was a moment in my life when I really wanted to kill myself. And there was one other moment when I was close to that. . . . But even in my most jaded times, I had some hope.
Oscar Levant|The only difference between the Democrats and the Republicans is that the Democrats allow the poor to be corrupt, too.
Jack Kerouac|I was amazed by the fact that I was not the only writer living, not the only young man "with a locomotive in his chest, and that's a fact," not the only youth with a million hungers and not one of them appeasable, not the only one who is lonely among multitudes, and does not know why.
Ezra Taft Benson|You can't be two people in your brain, one rock dude and a dad - there's something in the middle of them, and that's really what you are and that's going to make you the best dad - not when you try to be one or the other.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Our actions reflect the distilled wisdom that we possess of the innermost self. Our personal philosophy is an activated way of living. A peaceful person delves the truest definition of the self by maintaining an attentive state of conscious awareness and ceases escaping from reality with mindless diversions. Self-inquiry is the principal method to remove ignorance, increase self-awareness, and abide in a tranquil existence
Robert Penn Warren|For West is where we all plan to go some day. It is where you go when the land gives out and the old-field pines encroach. It is where you go when you get the letter saying: Flee, all is discovered. It is where you go when you look down at the blade in your hand and the blood on it. It is where you go when you are told that you are a bubble on the tide of empire. It is where you go when you hear that thar's gold in them-thar hills. It is where you go to grow up with the country. It is where you go to spend your old age. Or it is just where you go.
RT Llizo|She was worshiping under the blue sky, to the jubilant chanting of the birds.
Lin Yutang|When Small men begin to cast big shadows, it means that the sun is about to set.
Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium|He said 'sorry,' They all fucking say sorry...Sorry is a word, it fixes nothing; it just makes the perpetrator feel a little less like the arsehole he is.
Alberto Salazar|…“white supremacy” is a much more useful term for understanding the complicity of people of color in upholding and maintaining racial hierarchies that do not involve force (i.e slavery, apartheid) than the term “internalized racism”- a term most often used to suggest that black people have absorbed negative feelings and attitudes about blackness. The term “white supremacy” enables us to recognize not only that black people are socialized to embody the values and attitudes of white supremacy, but we can exercise “white supremacist control” over other black people.
A.G. Howard, RoseBlood|You always were a strange child, Alexander," he said, "but vampires? I can't believe it."I shrugged."Well, now you know where I get my biting sense of humor," I said weakly.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|We have a lot of thoughts throughout our entire life, but ultimately we get all to the conclusion of a single thought: Death!
Naoki Higashida, The Reason I Jump: The Inner Voice of a Thirteen-Year-Old Boy with Autism|When we look at nature, we receive a sort of permission to be alive in this world, and our entire bodies get recharged. However often we're ignored and pushed away by other people, nature will always give us a good big hug, here inside our hearts.
Mahatma Gandhi|But we were dragons. We were supposed to be cruel, cunning, heartless and terrible. But this much I can tell you, we never burned and tortured and ripped one another apart and called it morality.
George Santayana|To be happy you must have taken the measure of your powers, tasted the fruits of your passion, and learned your place in the world.
E.E. Cummings, Collected Poems|I must have flowers, always, and always.
Robin S. Sharma|Big IdeaYour days are your life in miniature. As you live your hours, so you create your years. As you live your days, so you craft your life. What you do today is actually creating your future. The words you speak, the thoughts you think, the food you eat and the actions you take are defining your destiny — shaping who you are becoming and what your life will stand for. Small choices lead to giant consequences over time. There’s no such thing as an unimportant day.
David Michaelis, Schulz and Peanuts: A Biography|The confusion created by mode of fictitious imagery, staged to produce a perceived idea of character or life, does only that - confuses.
Alexandra Silber, After Anatevka: A Novel Inspired by Fiddler on the Roof|Hodel saw it through her sister’s eyes: women were created to be in every way partners, not mindless slaves or brainless doormats, but helpers, collaborators, equals. And that was a thing of great beauty
Nikki Rowe|If tragedy never entered our lives, we wouldn't appreciate the magic.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When an extraordinary place meets with an extraordinary light, extraordinary shadows suddenly pop out from nowhere and create the most extraordinary moments of life!
Amit Ray, Yoga The Science of Well-Being|When we are aware about our body’s sensations, we can release physical pain, tensions or stress through slow movements.
Megan McCafferty|It's important to still look like yourself on your wedding day, so I didn't do anything drastic.
Miguel de Unamuno|Does not the very word 'creative' mean to build, to initiate, to give out, to act - rather than to be acted upon, to be subjective? Living photography is positive in its approach, it sings a song of life - not death.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|If you had met my father you would never, not for an instant, have thought he was an assassin.
Michael Owen|I go, and I do my work, and I try to do the best I can, and I collect my money, and I go home, and then I go on to the next thing. That's my attitude.
Coretta Scott King|Regard your soldiers as your children, and they will follow you into the deepest valleys; look on them as your own beloved sons, and they will stand by you even unto death.
Crystal Woods, Dreaming is for lovers|I had a dream about you last night. You set a timer on in the bathroom to prove how long it takes me to get ready. So I shaved your legs, made up your face and gave you lashes. An hour later you thanked God for not making you a woman.
Avis J. Williams|the world is not perfect, you need to find a place that is perfect for you
Brandy Nacole, Sacrifice: A New Dawn|The actions of yesterday, the pretenses of tomorrow, and the presence of now, have forever added to history.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Help your brother; and as regards helping, everyone is your brother!
Timothy J. Keller|With a little more patience and a little less temper, a gentler and wiser method might be found in almost every case; and the knot that we cut by some fine heady quarrel-scene in private life, or, in public affairs, by some denunciatory act against what we are pleased to call our neighbour's vices might yet have been unwoven by the hand of sympathy.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Well, pray if you like, only you'd do better to use your judgment.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|Maybe there is some Abnegation in everyone. Well in everyone but Peter."-Tris Prior
Lucia Berlin, A Manual for Cleaning Women: Selected Stories|On Lou's lips a trace of pinot and out of them poured tales of acts of viciousness worthy of the great Lucifer himself, stories told through the night, the tortures, the beatings, the broken bones, every school has its Tigellinus, but his had more than one and each with followers, all-American boys who delighted in discovering how much pain a soul could withstand, two suicide attempts and all his parents and school could do was try to make Lou change his behavior, his behavior, his behavior, his, his, his, to modify his being just a bit. It gets better, Doc, fucking gets better, no one dared suggest that maybe the family and the school should change, or heaven forbid, that it was the all-Americans who should be modifying their beings, no, the homo should grin and bear it dumbly...
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|As far as informing the headmaster, Harry had no idea where Dumbledore went during the summer holidays. He amused himself for a moment, picturing Dumbledore, with his long silver beard, full-length wizard's robes, and pointed hat, stretched out on a beach somewhere, rubbing suntan lotion onto his long crooked nose.
Sunday Adelaja|The gospel that has been preached in our churches has not been fair to the African continent. It has left us in a beggarly state, waiting on God for things we could produce by and for ourselves
Shannon L. Alder|But here is the thing about anger: People hold onto it because letting go means dealing with pain. It is a coping strategy that seems to show strength and confidence, but in reality it shows how much you care about someone's actions, which leads to this question: Why is this person's respect so important to you?
Lil' Kim|With 'The Social Network,' I got into it at first because frankly I thought there was a cool courtroom drama to be had with the intellectual properties. And then what further drew me in was that the most extraordinary social networking device ever created was created by the world's most antisocial person. I liked that story.
Gail Caldwell, Let's Take the Long Way Home: A Memoir of Friendship|It's and old, old story: I had a friend and we shared everything, and then she died and so we shared that, too.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|But remember, there's no greater gift than the present.
Douglas Beaumont, The Message Behind the Movie: How to Engage With a Film Without Disengaging Your Faith|While we can certainly be mistaken at times about what is real, there is indeed a reality to know. Mistakes actually prove the point. We would not know there were such things as hallucinations or illusions if we did not have reality with which to compare them.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Why ask for respect, deserve it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Whatever you believe in your heart, you will receive it.
Eleanor Brownn|Always count your blessings, even if you have to count them through your tears
Mary J. Williams, If You Only Knew:|Well, she was through. If he wanted her, he'd have to do something about it.
Marion Dane Bauer, Am I Blue?: Coming Out from the Silence|A good friend of mine once said, "I have never met a bigot who was a reader as a child.
Louise Bay, Calling Me Away|I savored every yes, every more, every oh, every there, every please. I wanted every one of her words. I knew what it was not to have them— I’d never take them for granted.
Dean Koontz, Forever Odd|Our Intuition is the beacon that guides us to peace, and navigates us through the treacherous Karmic waters.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|Beyond all vanities, fights, and desires, omnipotent silence lies.
Jehovah, New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures|...'To the making of many books there is no end, and much devotion to them is wearisome to the flesh.'– Ecclesiastes 12:12
Sándor Márai, Embers|I am thinking that people find truth and collect experiences in vain, for they cannot change their fundamental natures. And perhaps the only thing in life one can do is to take the givens of one’s fundamental nature and tailor them to reality as cleverly and carefully as one can. That is the most we can accomplish.
Lauren Weisberger, Chasing Harry Winston|No matter how many years passed or how much responsibility each assumed, they still managed to bicker like bitchy teenagers on a regular basis. In some way, though, each found it comforting; it reminded them how close they really were: Acquaintances were always on their best behavior, but sisters loved each other enough to say anything.
Amit Kalantri|Targets are achieved sooner out of need, than out of greed.
Lawrence Kudlow|Well, I think it's too early to call Fallujah a failure.
Leigh Brackett, The Best of Planet Stories 1|Space opera, as every reader doubtless knows, is a pejorative term often applied to a story that has an element of adventure. Over the decades, brilliant and talented new writers appear, receiving great acclaim, and each and every one of them can be expected to write at least one article stating flatly that the day of space opera is over and done, thank goodness, and that henceforth these crude tales of interplanetary nonsense will be replaced by whatever type of story that writer happens to favor — closet dramas, psychological dramas, sex dramas, etc., but by God important dramas, containing nothing but Big Thinks. Ten years late, the writer in question may or may not still be around, but the space opera can be found right where it always was, sturdily driving its dark trade in heroes.
Sarah Alderson, Out of Control|. ‘Because off-duty cops walk around the city wearing sweatshirts advertising they’re cops all the time, never mind it’s a hundred degrees outside. And never mind you look like the youngest cop ever recruited in the history of policing.’He tsks at me. ‘Have you never seen 21 Jump Street?
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Dear God, woman,"said Will. "Are there any questions you don't want to know the answer to?
Wendy Higgins, Sweet Evil|Hey, princess of Popsicles! Queen of curlicue cones.
Matthew Paul Turner, Churched: One Kid's Journey Toward God Despite a Holy Mess|When we consider that so few generations had passed since thechurch left off disemboweling innocent men before the eyes of theirfamilies, burning old women alive in public squares, and torturingscholars to the point of madness for merely speculating about thenature of the stars, it is perhaps little wonder that it failed to thinkanything had gone terribly amiss in Germany during the war years.
Jonathan Rottenberg, The Depths: The Evolutionary Origins of the Depression Epidemic|You know what you have to do, you just can't do it", Sara says wearily. "It's like you have bricks on your feet.
Patrick Carman|That's double-edged: it's amazing that they're bringing me in and showing people new ideas, and at the same time it's a little hard because seventy percent of the time or even higher I'm not going to get those roles.
Jonathan Safran Foer|If you truly get in touch with a piece of carrot, you get in touch with the soil, the rain, the sunshine. You get in touch with Mother Earth and eating in such a way, you feel in touch with true life, your roots, and that is meditation. If we chew every morsel of our food in that way we become grateful and when you are grateful, you are happy.
Tom Ford|The secret of happiness is variety, but the secret of variety, like the secret of all spices, is knowing when to use it.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The enemy stays in the hearts of friends. Watch what your friends know about you and watch what you tell your friends, remember, egoism breeds jealousy and ends a relationship in discord.
Sui Ishida, 東京喰種トーキョーグール 4 [Tokyo Guru 4]|Even if it's a life in shackles, if you have somebody who accepts you for what you really are, how reassuring would that be?
Sherri Shepherd|People ask if my parents are hippies, but they're actually very conservative. A girl called Rebel sang at their wedding, and that's where my name came from.
Lara Biyuts, Silver Thread Spinner|Many believe creativity is mystery, and I always knew that my body is the key.
Claire Fayers, The Voyage to Magical North|Yeah, this place needs a better-quality blueberry muffin." I raised a pointed finger. "And I could provide it.""You sound pretty sure of yourself," Jim said, placing a pat of butter on his baked potato."And there are always blueberry pies," I said, pausing to think of other possibilities. "Turnovers, cakes, croissants..." I popped the fry into my mouth. "I don't think anybody's done blueberry croissants.""No," Jim said slowly. "I don't think they have.""Of course, I'd sell some other things, too. Can't all be blueberries," I mused as I began to envision the bakery- a tray of lemon pound cake, peach cobbler in a fluted casserole, a basket of pomegranate-and-ginger muffins. I could see myself pulling a baking sheet of cookies from the oven, the smell of melted chocolate in the air. There would be white wooden tables and chairs in the front room, and people could order coffee and sandwiches. Maybe even tea sandwiches, like the ones Gran used to make. Cucumber and arugula. Bacon and egg. Curried chicken.
Arthur Schopenhauer, The World as Will and Representation, Vol 1|When people say they're unemployed, bored, or have nothing to do, I sigh and think, "If only time were transferable.
Simon Avery, The Teardrop Method|Maybe this isn't home, nor ever was- maybe home is where I have to go tonight. Home is the place where when you go there, you have to finally face the thing in the dark.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|Once very near the end I said, 'If you can -- if it is allowed -- come to me when I too am on my death bed.' 'Allowed!' she said. 'Heaven would have a job to hold me; and as for Hell, I'd break it into bits.
Debasish Mridha|In life there will be pain, suffering, ugliness, but let us be grateful for the beauty, blessing, and miracle of life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you understand the value of time, the resource and the wealth of time, you will be running away from the crowd.
George Packer|I did four movies where I gained, like, fifty pounds. I had curly hair, and I had all of this facial hair. I had put on all this weight for these movies, and I did four or five of them back-to-back. Then I cut the weight and I got fit again. I cut my beard and I took away the mustache, and people were like, 'What are you doing?'
michael p naughton|You don't have to reinvent the wheel... just steal the hubcaps.” ― Michael P. Naughton,
Akansh Malik|Life is too short to repeat your mistakes, make new ones..!!
Lisa J. Shannon, A Thousand Sisters: My Journey into the Worst Place on Earth to Be a Woman|You will find out that Charity is a heavy burden to carry, heavier than the kettle of soup and the full basket. But you will keep your gentleness and your smile. It is not enough to give soup and bread. This the rich can do. You are the servant of the poor, always smiling and good-humored. They are your masters, terribly sensitive and exacting master you will see. And the uglier and the dirtier they will be, the more unjust and insulting, the more love you must give them. It is only for your love alone that the poor will forgive you the bread you give to them.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are not afraid of rising, you will see that wings start growing in your body!
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|if we really look at our actions with eyes of love, we see that our lives can be more straightforward, simpler, less sculpted by regret and fear, more in alignment with our deepest values.
Ayn Rand|Here in America we are descended in blood and in spirit from revolutionists and rebels - men and women who dare to dissent from accepted doctrine. As their heirs, may we never confuse honest dissent with disloyal subversion.
Matthew Heines|Wisdom of the Ages: "Forgiveness" Steroids for the Soul.
Susan Sontag, On Photography|Above all, life for a photographer cannot be a matter of indifference
Sharon Salzberg, Lovingkindness: The Revolutionary Art of Happiness|Guard your heart against anger, bitterness, envy, jealousy….!
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|I turn to Willa Cather’s quote: Artistic growth is, more than it is anything else, a refining of the sense of truthfulness. The stupid believe that to be truthful is easy; only the artist, the great artist, knows how difficult it is.
Lisa Bloom, Think: Straight Talk for Women to Stay Smart in a Dumbed-Down World|Reading as an adult, for pleasure, is infinitely better than reading the stuff assigned to you back in school. You get to choose what you want to read.
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|One soft humid early spring morning driving a winding road across Mount Tamalpais, the 2,500-foot mountain just north of the Golden Gate Bridge, a bend reveals a sudden vision of San Francisco in shades of blue, a city in a dream, and I was filled with a tremendous yearning to live in that place of blue hills and blue buildings, though I do live there, I had just left there after breakfast.
Hannah Arendt|Even in the common affairs of life, in love, friendship, and marriage, how little security have we when we trust our happiness in the hands of others!
Hannah Arendt|It should be clear by now that my focus here is not freedom of speech or the press. This freedom is all too often an exaggeration. At the very least, blind references to freedom of speech or the press serve as a distraction from the critical examination of other communications policies.
Li Shangyin|On the surface, I seem to be glad of new people;But doomed to leave old friends behind me,I cry out from my heart for Shin-Fêng wineTo melt away my thousand woes.
Jeffrey R. Holland|It’s easier to donate a few thousands to charity and think oneself noble than to base self-respect on personal standards of personal achievement. It’s simple to seek substitutes for competence—such easy substitutes: love, charm, kindness, charity. But there is no substitute for competence.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|Early in my career...I had to choose between an honest arrogance and a hypercritical humility... I deliberately choose an honest arrogance, and I've never been sorry.
Thomas Merton, New Seeds of Contemplation|That's how you should be. Accept your burden and carry it, with joy.
Munia Khan|Politics is clueless; I can claim -"I am a politician" only because I am not.
John C. Maxwell|There is a vast world of work out there in this country, where at least 111 million people are employed in this country alone - many of whom are bored out of their minds. All day long.
Gwynne Shotwell|When you write, you put your thoughts in the public space. You get both positive and negative feedback.
Angie karan|The map to our guidance lies within. Always follow your heart ! When your heart feels at peace, rest assured, you are on the right track.
Paul Bowles, The Spider's House|Having arrived at this point, he had found no direction in which to go save that of further withdrawal into a subjectivity which refused existence to any reality or law but its own. During these postwar years he had lived in solitude and carefully planned ignorance of what was happening in the world. Nothing had importance save the exquisitely isolated cosmos of his own consciousness. Then little by little he had had the impression that the light of meaning, the meaning of everything was dying. Like a flame under a glass it had dwindled, flickered and gone out, and all existence, including his own hermetic structure from which he had observed existence, had become absurd and unreal.
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|The prefect evening...lying down on the couch beside the bookcase and reading himself sleepy...Jim lying opposite him at the other end of the couch, also reading; the two of them absorbed in their books yet so completely aware of each other's presence.
Charles Bukowski, Betting on the Muse: Poems and Stories|The Laughing Heartyour life is your lifedon’t let it be clubbed into dank submission.be on the watch.there are ways out.there is a light somewhere.it may not be much light butit beats the darkness.be on the watch.the gods will offer you chances.know them.take them.you can’t beat death butyou can beat death in life, sometimes.and the more often you learn to do it,the more light there will be.your life is your life.know it while you have it.you are marvelousthe gods wait to delightin you.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Crescendo|Don’t start. I saw Marcie climb inside your Jeep.”“She needed a ride.”I adopted a hands-on-hips pose. “What kind of ride?”“Not that kind of ride,” he said slowly.
Francine Pascal, Model Flirt|I see love, like art, as an obsession. Maybe that's an overly romantic view of human existence, but I'm an overly romantic human being. If love, like rock and roll, doesn't consume me 24-7, it's not love. It can be respect, appreciation, admiration, wonderment, it can be a world of glory and a lifetime of peace, but I can't call it love. Love burns me and confuses me. Love's a light that can't be extinguished.
Tony Buon, The Leadership Coach|Silence is where my demons lurk, taunting me endlessly day after day until the end of time...yet still I wait, revelling in their company...
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|See, as much as you want to hold on to the bitter sore memory that someone has left this world, you are still in it. And the very act of living is a tide: at first it seems to make no difference at all, and then one day you look down and see how much pain has eroded.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Don’t mourn over the past; it has no pity for you. Don’t cry over the present, it has no sympathy for you, and I don’t weep the future, it has no mercy on you.
C.J. Archer, The Medium|Tell me you won't go, tell me you'll stay forever, tell me you love me.
Richard LaGravenese|As far as humor goes, I've always been a very insecure person and I've always wanted to be liked.
Erik Pevernagie|When our mind is in shambles and we dare to reflect on the story of our life, we may discover, in the stream of our thoughts, the fault line between what we have underfelt and what we have overthought on our way. (“Axel Red”)
D. Alexander Neill|Lark’s SongThat child who from Diana’s thought is bornA huntress swift, who doth the world adornWith strength and passion worthy of the GreenMay wax, and one day rise to be a queen.That child who in the eye of Phoebus growsOf visage fair, that none would dare opposeMay in her hand hold light and glory too,And to the Light hold sternly staunch and true.That child who with the face of Venus smiles,Will bear a heart of mischief and of wiles,And may in time love’s faithful bonds fulfilWhile bending lesser hearts unto her will.That child who with Athena’s grace doth moveMay to all eyes her worldly wisdom proveAnd make right wise and fulsome use thereofTo measure all who seek to win her love.That child who with grim Circe’s tongue foretells Enmeshing faithful hearts within her spellsBy dint of sly mendacity and guile,All innocence and virtue may defile.That child who by her cunning doth conniveMay by fair Tyche’s fortune wax and thriveAnd come in time to sit upon a throne;Or fail and fall, forsaken and alone.That child may choose to hark to glory’s callAnd shine in splendour, loved by one and all;Or cleave to darkness, hated and reviled:Chance crafts the fate of every fate-touched child.
David Icke|And I asked my mother about it; I said, 'Is there something wrong?' She said, 'God... God makes people. You understand that, don't you?' And I said, 'Yeah!' She said, 'Who makes a rainbow?" I said, 'God.' She said, 'I never presumed to tell anyone who could make a rainbow what color to make children.'
Van Harden, Life in the Purple Wedge!|I personally find that having a couple of projects going at once can be an aid to focus, refreshing my brain as I go back and forth between them – a book review and a novel at the same time, for example. But I’ve seen that writers who are starting out sometimes throw their energy in so many different directions that they can never finish any of the projects, much less all of them.To me a good test is this: what do you like to read? What kind of book moves and affects you the most? Is it the memoir, the novel, the long poem-collection? Personally, I find myself most immersed in the novel, and that’s why I write them – they have the most magic for me. The joy of self-expression is exhilarating, but ultimately choosing one venue for it can make your work much better – and same for your chances of actually finishing something.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|She planted that terror of debt so deeply in her children that even now, in a changed economic pattern where indebtedness is a part of living, I become restless when a bill is two days overdue. Olive never accepted the time-payment plan when it became popular. A thing bought on time was a thing you did not own and for which you were in debt. She saved for things she wanted, and this meant that the neighbours had new gadgets as much as two years before we did.
Pierre Trudeau|By the rude bridge that arched the flood,Their flag to April's breeze unfurled,Here once the embattled farmers stood,And fired the shot heard round the world.The foe long since in silence slept;Alike the conqueror silent sleeps;And Time the ruined bridge has sweptDown the dark stream which seaward creeps.On this green bank, by this soft stream,We set to-day a votive stone;That memory may their deed redeem,When, like our sires, our sons are gone.Spirit, that made those heroes dareTo die, and leave their children free,Bid Time and Nature gently spareThe shaft we raise to them and thee.
Debasish Mridha|Be humble and kind. Kindness has power in it. Look at Mother Teresa, the truest example of kindness. She was humble, kind, and fragile yet she was also a symbol of power. I have never heard of a woman more powerful than her. When we hear name, we must bow our heads with deep respect.
Thomas Gilovich, How We Know What Isn't So: The Fallibility of Human Reason in Everyday Life|Because so much disagreement remains hidden, our beliefs are not properly shaped by healthy scrutiny and debate. The absence of such argument also leads us to exaggerate the extent to which other people believe the way we do.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|Of four infernal rivers that disgorge/ Into the burning Lake their baleful streams;/Abhorred Styx the flood of deadly hate,/Sad Acheron of sorrow, black and deep;/Cocytus, nam'd of lamentation loud/ Heard on the rueful stream; fierce Phlegethon/ Whose waves of torrent fire inflame with rage./ Far off from these a slow and silent stream,/ Lethe the River of Oblivion rolls/ Her wat'ry Labyrinth whereof who drinks,/ Forthwith his former state and being forgets,/ Forgets both joy and grief, pleasure and pain.
Andrew Silke, Terrorism: All That Matters|The free world cannot afford to accept any form of extremism, whether it is fascism, racism or religious extremism.
Steven Levy, In the Plex: How Google Thinks, Works, and Shapes Our Lives|Ideas... [are] like babies - everything about their environment [says] they shouldn't exist. But they do. You can't dwell on problems too early, or they will swamp the virtues and you will decide not to do the project.(Attributed to Mike Jones)
John Angell James, The Marriage Ring: Or How to Make Home Happy|Let [the wife] guard, as much as possible, against a gloomy and moody disposition, which causes her to move about with the silence and cloudiness of a spectre; for who likes to dwell in a haunted house?
Adelyn Birch, Boundaries After a Pathological Relationship|If you fear that defending your boundaries is being controlling, don't worry. There is a difference between being controlling and having boundaries. Controlling people is about telling them what to do. Setting boundaries is about saying what you do or do not want to happen to you.
Betsy Sholl, Coastal Bop|In Canada, when we speak of water, we're speaking of ourselves. Canadians are known to be unextravagant, and one explanation of this might be that we know that wasted water means a diminished collective soul; polluted waters mean a sickened soul. Water is the basis of our self-identity, and when we dream of canoes and thunderstorms and streams and even snowballs, we're dreaming about our innermost selves.
Carla H. Krueger, Sleeping with the Sun|He had become the sky around the sun – alive, but not really there.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|I have read so many books. And yet, like most Autodidacts, I am never quite sure of what I have gained from them. There are days when I feel I have been able to grasp all there is to know in one single gaze, as if invisible branches suddenly spring out of no where, weaving together all the disparate strands of my reading. And then suddenly the meaning escapes, the essence evaporates and no matter how often I reread the same lines they seem to flee ever further with each subsequent reading and I see myself as some mad old fool who thinks her stomach is full because she's been reading the menu.
John Coltrane|I believe that man is here to grow into the fullest, the best that he can be. At least this is what I want to do. As I am growing to become whatever I become, this will just come out on the horn. Whatever that's going to be, it will be. I am not so much interested in trying to say what it's going to be. I don't know. I just know that good can only bring good.
Steven Pinker, The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature|There is no neutral ground when it comes to the tolerance question. Everybody has a point of view she thinks is right, and everybody passes judgment at some point or another. The Christian gets pigeonholed as the judgmental one, but everyone else is judging, too, even people who consider themselves relativists.
Loyd Auerbach, Esp, Hauntings And Poltergeists: A Parapsychologist's Handbook|Like most people, my views about ghosts and haunted places were traditional while growing up. I believed ghosts were human spirits. Not that I talked to many people about the subject or my experiences. I assumed people would think I was weird.
Dean Smith|If you treat every situation as a life and death matter, you'll die a lot of times.
Jane Austen|A day came when all the rebel in me knew itself beaten, and then my whole nature bowed down in humble resignation in the dust. And then I saw... I saw that he was as incomparable in beauty as he was in terror. I was saved, I was rescued.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Self-slaughter is an extravagant enactment of feeling sorry for oneself. Suicide is stingy act, because no matter how wretched our life may currently be, a person can always rise tomorrow and perform some small act of kindness for other people, care for a pet, or perform some other caring act that works towards preserving nature’s graciousness. To die of their own hand is to cheat other people and shortchange Mother Nature; it is taking without giving back in kind. What combats suicide is a sense of gratitude, a willingness to give to other people, and to cease living life as a taker. Without a profound appreciation for all that is living and devoid of a sincere willingness to contribute to the flourishing of all life forms, one can callously write off the value of their own life.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|God's relationship with man does not work in a way in which man stumbles and then God has to drop what he is doing in order to lift him up; rather, man stumbles so that God can lift him up. Hence it is utterly impossible to truly diminish his glory.
Félix J. Palma|...the passage of time, which transformed the volatile present into that finished, unalterable painting called the past, a canvas man always executed blindly, with erratic brushstrokes that only made sense when one stepped far enough away from it to be able to admire it as a whole. -pg. 19
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|People do not change, only expression and perception changes.
David Baldacci, The Christmas Train|There are two kinds of Europeans: The smart ones, and those who stayed behind.
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|Is everyone with one face called a Milo?""Oh no," Milo replied; "some are called Henry or George or Robert or John or lots of other things.""How terribly confusing," he cried. "Everything here is called exactly what it is. The triangles are called triangles, the circles are called circles, and even the same numbers have the same name. Why, can you imagine what would happen if we named all the twos Henry or George or Robert or John or lots of other things? You'd have to say Robert plus John equals four, and if the four's name were Albert, things would be hopeless.""I never thought of it that way," Milo admitted."Then I suggest you begin at once," admonished the Dodecahedron from his admonishing face, "for here in Digitopolis everything is quite precise.
Karen Marshall, Amongst Ourselves: A Self-Help Guide to Living with Dissociative Identity Disorder|I spent many years trying to make up reasons about why I had the ﬂashbacks, memories, continuous nightmares. When I ﬁnally decided to quit trying to hide from truth, I began to heal.
Joan Wehlen Morrison, Home Front Girl: A Diary of Love, Literature, and Growing Up in Wartime America|Oh you, my generation!- we were a lovely lot! Sharp minds- arguing all the time and brittle bodies and even more brittle laughter- and all the time knowing that we were growing up to die.
Pancho Gonzales|We may not always agree with every one of our neighbors. That's life. And it's part of living in such a diverse and dense city. But we also recognize that part of being a New Yorker is living with your neighbors in mutual respect and tolerance. It was exactly that spirit of openness and acceptance that was attacked on 9/11, 2001.
Sigmund Freud, The Future of an Illusion|All the same, we should excuse ourselves," Vergil said. "Although I am wondering if the meeting was already well concluded when we intruded." He gave Nathaniel a deep look on the last sentence that made Charlotte's caution prickle. She saw the big brother in him, thinking that a private chat with this man was in order.Bianca still had not picked up the cue. "You are making plans regarding the petitions?""I trust that a petition came up at some point in the visit," Vergil said dryly. "Correct, Knightridge?"Charlotte wanted to die. "Indeed one did," she said. "Mr. Knightridge is proving to be a great help in the cause."Bianca beamed. "I always knew that the two of you would find common ground in something.""Yes, we have discovered that we think alike in one small area," Nathaniel agreed.Charlotte wanted to hit him."Indeed," Vergil muttered.
Desmond Tutu|We need the compassion and the courage to change the conditions that support our suffering. Those conditions are things like ignorance, bitterness, negligence, clinging, and holding on.
Julie Lythcott-Haims, How to Raise an Adult: Break Free of the Overparenting Trap and Prepare Your Kid for Success|What is shaping the way we dream? Yes we dream of our selves, of what we will become, but it's the environment that tells us what is possible. I don't think our dreams are limitless; they are bounded by the society we live in and its conception of what is respectable and good.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|8. Santa Claus is concerned about the problem of Arctic ice. The ice is the spouse of the elves, and she is sick. She is the primary source of their magic, as the elves cannot be separated from the place where they live. For many years now, this is all they have asked for for Christmas: that the ice should come back
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|It’s safer/ easier to follow the script and complain how broken some things are in that script, than to attempt to change those things.
Og Mandino|The secret of our success is that we never, never give up.
Cyrano de Bergerac|I can see, I can hear, I can smell, I can taste, I can feel, I can think. So, I can understand that we are surrounded by a great wonder.
Jennifer Michael Hecht, The Happiness Myth: The Historical Antidote to What Isn't Working Today|How was life before Pop-Tarts, Prozac and padded playgrounds? They ate strudel, took opium and played on the grass.
David McCullough, John Adams|A taste for literature and a turn for business, united in the same person, never fails to make a great man.
Cassandra Clare, Lord of Shadows|To make a true choice, we must have true knowledge.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|In America everybody is of the opinion that he has no social superiors, since all men are equal, but he does not admit that he has no social inferiors, for, from the time of Jefferson onward, the doctrine that all men are equal applies only upwards, not downwards.
Mia Farrow, What Falls Away: A Memoir|Rage and grief are savage companions, but despair is the final undoing.
Napoleon Bonaparte|We, of our time, have played our part in the perseverance, and we have pledged ourselves to the dead generations who have preserved intact for us this glorious heritage, that we, too, will strive to be faithful to the end, and pass on this tradition unblemished.
A. Zavarelli, Echo|He kissed my tears away and whispered sweet words into my ears. Words that he was too afraid to say out loud. He told me I was beautiful. That I was perfect in every way. And that, unconditionally, I was his.
Ashley Jeffery|I know you’ve forgotten me, but I’ll remember you as long as I live.
Billy Collins|I'm probably more dangerous in a car than I am on a motorbike; on a bike I'm very mindful of the fact that if you make a mistake, you're dead.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|I saw that for a long time I had not liked people and things, but only followed the rickety old pretense of liking. I saw that even my love for those closest to me had become only an attempt to love, that my casual relations -- with an editor, a tobacco seller, the child of a friend, were only what I remembered I should do, from other days. All in the same month I became bitter about such things as the sound of the radio, the advertisements in the magazines, the screech of tracks, the dead silence of the country -- contemptuous at human softness, immediately (if secretively) quarrelsome toward hardness -- hating the night when I couldn't sleep and hating the day because it went toward night. I slept on the heart side now because I knew that the sooner I could tire that out, even a little, the sooner would come that blessed hour of nightmare which, like a catharsis, would enable me to better meet the new day.
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|I wish I’d known those words on the day I watched those German troops land, plane-load after plane-load of them—and come off ships down in the harbor! All I could think of was damn them, damn them, over and over. If I could have thought the words "the bright day is done and we are for the dark," I’d have been consoled somehow and ready to go out and contend with circumstance—instead of my heart sinking to my shoes.
Adam DeVine|When I was a boy, I used to pull a big cross saw with my dad. He'd use his right hand, so I'd have to use my left.
Charles Dickens, The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain|Although it is pleasant to think about poison at any season, there is something special about Christmas, and I found myself grinning.
Brandon Mull|I need a kid like I need a bad heart. A pretty kid is a ticket to trouble... and I'm too old to ask for that. Shit, I haven't even booked Tommy the Face in two years. I'm turning into a jack-off idiot.
Marshall Curry|With the observable fact that scientific knowledge makes our lives better when applied with concern for human welfare and environmental protection, there is no question that science and technology can produce abundance so that no one has to go without.
J.U. Scribe, Before the Legend|Everyone has a given a chance to live life to the fullest, every moment and memories you make is your choice.
Leonora Carrington, The Hearing Trumpet|You may not believe in magic but something very strange is happening at this very moment. Your head has dissolved into thin air and I can see the rhododendrons through your stomach. It's not that you are dead or anything dramatic like that, it is simply that you are fading away and I can't even remember your name.
Hal Brady|Some very hungry people gathered to discuss how to distribute a small amount of food. It was understood that each church was supposed to take care of its own. The local Episcopal rector said, "My church, follow me." The Presbyterian minister said, "Mine, follow me." And the other denominations did the same. There were a lot of folks left. Then, William Booth, founder of the Salvation Army, stepped forward and said: "All of you who belong to nobody, you follow me.
Bill Courtney, Against the Grain: A Coach's Wisdom on Character, Faith, Family, and Love|Every great thing that has been accomplished, and is yet to be accomplished, starts with a dream.
James C. Scott, The Art of Not Being Governed: An Anarchist History of Upland Southeast Asia|Once you admit that the individual is merely a means to serve the ends of the higher entity called society or the nation, most of those features of totalitarian regimes which horrify us follow of necessity. From the collectivist standpoint intolerance and brutal suppression of dissent, the complete disregard of the life and happiness of the individual, are essential and unavoidable consequences of this basic premise, and the collectivist can admit this and at the same time claim that his system is superior to one in which the "selfish" interests of the individual are allowed to obstruct the full realisation of the ends the community pursues.
er.teji|No the first day, man crea tee God
Pitigrilli, Cocaine|Commenting on print journalism at the Commenting on print journalism at the White House Correspondents’ Dinner: “Thanks to Obamacare, millions of Americans can visit a doctor’s office and see what a print magazine actually looks like.
A. Manette Ansay, Vinegar Hill|For some, like me, writing comes at a price. My best creations were written while I was emotionally ripped open. I've spent some scenes so mentally self-exposed that I could barely see what I was writing. And as I sit here-my heart pounding, heaviness threatening to pull my heart down to my stomach, I ask myself this question...are you ready to bleed some more? I smile and without pause, I pull up my current WIP.
Debasish Mridha|In the deep shivering winter, I can feel the joy of a dancing summer in my heart.
Marie Kondō|Simplicity, not cleverness, can be the source of happiness.
Janet Gallagher Nestor, Nurturing Wellness Through Radical Self-Care: A Living in Balance Guide and Workbook|When the heart opens, we forget ourselves and the world pours in: this world, and also the invisible world of meaning that sustains everything that was and ever shall be.
Isaac Asimov|I believe we need to attract a new generation of the best and brightest to public service and I believe that government can be a source of inspiration, not degradation.
Elif Şafak, The Architect's Apprentice|Hanna reached for Margaret's hand, knowing nothing she could say would bring comfort. Margaret would never see her grandmother again. Nor would Hanna see her Oma, who had wept when Hanna boarded the ship for America, waving goodbye for the last time. Only the elderly and frail were left behind. And letters from home were not the same as a warm laugh or a cup of tea shared on a cold day.
John Taylor Gatto|Shouldn't we also ask ourselves what the consequences are of scrambling to provide the "most" of everything to our children in a world of fast dwindling resources? 
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we truly allow ourselves to feel our own pain, over time it comes to seem less personal. We start to recognize that what we’ve perceived as our pain is, at a deeper level, the pain inherent in human existence.
Renee Jean, Never Give Up|Shadows ran all around her and someone was talking to her but it was all just white noise. Goodbye solo she would never perform. Goodbye perfect night that never got the chance to end in Garrett’s arms. Garrett, oh god. Goodbye love of her life, she had loved him and with the thought of never seeing him again her body gave up a single tear. It escaped her eye and coursed through the blood and dirt on her cheek making a single clean streak as the blackness took over.
Diane Grifith|We all die. I can't promise to live forever." His armstightened around her. "But I can promise to love you as long as Ilive.
Kate Bornstein S. Bear Bergman|It was easy to tell Jamie to move on, be happy with someone else. But she saw now that it would absolutely kill her to see him with another woman.
George Bernard Shaw|Cooking is for chefs. Science informs us and lets us cook while knowing what we are doing, but it is not a replacement for the skills of a chef.
Anthony Trollope, Barchester Towers|from the beginning, through themiddle years and up to theend:too bad, too bad, too bad.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Great teachers often come to us in humble packaging. That little dog held the wisdom of a sage in his heart. I learned from him that healing is not about the success or failure of the physical body, that physical survival is secondary. All creatures wish to live and thrive, but bodies do wear out. The number of days we walk the earth (or fly or swim or crawl on it) is not the point. Animals live in the present moment. If kindness, caring, and respect fill that moment, life is fill, no matter what came before or what might come in the future. A soul that feels loved is joyous and healed.
Tucker Max, Assholes Finish First|No one has it all figured out, especially not the people who are acting like they do and judging you because of it. Pretending to be something you aren't because you're trying to please a bunch of judgmental hypocrites and shitheads is not the way to be happy. Living the life you want to live is. It really is that simple.
A.E. Samaan, From a "Race of Masters" to a "Master Race": 1948 to 1848|All Nazi champions insist again and again that Marxism and Bolshevism are the quintessence of the Jewish mind, and that it is the great historic mission of Nazism to root out this pest. It is true that this attitude did not prevent the German nationalists either from coöperating with the German communists in undermining the Weimar Republic, or from training their black guards in Russian artillery and aviation camps in the years 1923–1933, or— in the period from August, 1939, until June, 1941—from entering into a close political and military complicity with Soviet Russia. Nevertheless, public opinion supports the view that Nazism and Bolshevism are philosophies—Weltanschauungen—implacably opposed to each other.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Art of Communicating|Once you can communicate with yourself, you'll be able to communicate outwardly with more clarity. The way in is the way out.
Molly McAdams, From Ashes|I keep sniffing my skin, pleasantly surprised by how nice it is to smell like a flower. I've never smelled like anything before.
Paul Gallico, Thomasina|Take it from catsIf someone moves to make room for you, take up more room. If someone is looking over there, there’s something to see. If somebody sneezes, run. If someone brings a bag into your home, look inside it. If you don’t want someone to leave, sit on his suitcase. Clean between your toes. Flaunt your full figure. Hide loose change. Even though you can take care of yourself, it’s okay to let someone be nice to you. It’s fine to take a nap on the laundry. If you stand in a kitchen long enough, someone will feed you. If you’re alone in bed, use all the pillows. Just because it’s gorgeous outside doesn’t mean you have to go outside. Just because you can fit into something tight doesn’t mean that you belong in it. If you trust someone, open yourself like a cheap umbrella. If you want to be left alone, park yourself in a closet. If you want to surprise someone, lie in a bathtub and then jerk back the curtain when he sits on the toilet. If you’re not interested, don’t look interested. You don’t have to chase every bird that you see.
Kunal Karan Kapoor|Travel means a lot of learning experience to me".
Oscar Hammerstein II|The simple gift of giving becomes an elaborate rich aftertaste of a natural blissful feeling, lingering endlessly in my lifetime.
Mike Klepper|No one remembers how you got a chance, they only remember what you did with it.
William Duggan, Napoleon's Glance: The Secret of Strategy|I was not so insane as to attempt to bend events to conform to my policies. On the contrary, I bent my policies to accord with the unforeseen shape of the events.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Just like the strangers who'd fed me in El Salvador or South Africa, I was going to have to see and understand the hunger of other, different men and women, and make a gesture of welcome, and eat with them. And just as I hadn't "deserved" any of what had been given to me—the fish, the biscuits, the tea so abundantly poured out back in those years—I didn't deserve communion myself now. I wasn't getting it because I was good. I wasn't getting it because I was special. I certainly didn't get to pick who else was good enough, holy enough, deserving enough, to receive it. It wasn't a private meal. The bread on that Table had to be shared with everyone in order for me to really taste it.
Penn Jillette|A while ago I said that, 'You know, I like a guy - he doesn't have to be all rich and famous - he can be normal.' And I remember I was walking in the mall, and this guy was like, 'Tyra, I'm normal. I live with my mama. I ain't got a car and I ain't got a job! I'm real normal.' And I'm like, 'That's not normal - that's a loser!'
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|Go away. I hate everyone right now, and I'm pretty sure that includes you.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|For this moment, this one moment, we are together. I press you to me. Come, pain, feed on me. Bury your fangs in my flesh. Tear me asunder. I sob, I sob.
Morris Tannehill, The Market for Liberty|In particular, the State has arrogated to itself a compulsory monopoly over police and military services, the provision of law, judicial decision-making, the mint and the power to create money, unused land ("the public domain"), streets and highways, rivers and coastal waters, and the means of delivering mail...the State relies on control of the levers of propaganda to persuade its subjects to obey or even exalt their rulers.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Time is different for a tree than for a man. Sun and soil and water, these are the things a weirwood understands, not days and years and centuries. For men, time is a river. We are trapped in its flow, hurtling from past to present, always in the same direction. The lives of trees are different. They root and grow and die in one place, and that river does not move them. The oak is the acorn, the acorn is the oak.
Debra  Moffitt|It always amazes me when taking off from a stormy airport, how once you reach a certain altitude and get through the clouds, the sun shines as brightly as ever. If we learn to choose the experience of joy in our bodies, minds, hearts, and spirits, we will move in tune with the universe and dance in a flow of light and love, and remain above the clouds.
Allyse Near, Fairytales for Wilde Girls|It's funny, ma'am, how sometimes you're so sarcastic but it doesn't sting.""Because of my dimples. Dimples are a get-out-of-jail-free card
José Luís Peixoto|Remember where you are and adjust yourself accordingly, not vice-versa ... otherwise, you might be toast.
Shan Fazelbhoy, On the Rocks: Stories of Connections|Struggles and challenges are ordinary, it's how you deal with them that can make you extraordinary.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Master of Maxims|Don't allow anyone to hold you back from expressing your feelings. Maybe you just can't stand a chance of losing some friends, but if you must be truly you, you must be you! Nothing else!
Abdullah  Ali, Flashover|Each one of us has a unique spot in this harmonious and self-sustaining universe. If our desire is to succeed and enjoy life to the full both personally, professionally, and business wise, we should spot our unique place in the universe.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|As someone who struggles with anxiety and cowardice, as we all do, I’m profoundly inspired by. . . . full-on commitment to wonder, to wonder as a response to anguish or difficulty. It makes everything a puzzle, right? A catastrophe is nothing but a puzzle with the volume of drama turned up very high.
Amy Sedaris, I Like You: Hospitality Under the Influence|I don't mind pointing out some of the failings of old age, because we are all headed in that direction, unless of course we take our own lives before we become a burden. I'm not advocating suicide, oh wait, I guess I am.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When can you understand that the music you play is very good? It is when people look at you but see no one, no one but the music!
Alain de Botton|Was President Obama's endorsement of gay marriage crassly political? God, I hope so.
Annora Rose, Annabel's Fate|Do I seriously have to go on this date? I mean seriously what if he's like the last one?"Jana complained to her best friend of Fifteen Years, as Destiny replied,"Girl, I have already settled down and had a child, you need to give this guy a chance heck who knows Gunther could be the one ever thought of that?"Jana rolled her eyes then looked herself in the mirror she has brunette short hair,grey eyes,five feet ten inches, one hundred eighty pounds and loves to be outgoing with her friends.
Alia Shawkat|As a kid, I was definitely a DC guy. I started reading big time in the '80s at the height of the Wolfman/Perez 'New Teen Titans.' That was definitely the book that hooked me.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|Without a heart transformed by the grace of Christ, we just continue to manage external and internal darkness.
Nicole Holofcener|My morning routine is quite common: I have breakfast at home while reading the newspaper, I take a shower, get dressed, a spray of cologne, and I am ready to go!
Peter Steele|Conjoined twins simply may not need sex-romance partners as much as the rest of us do. Throughout time and space, they have described their condition as something like being attached to a soul mate.
Jean Nathan, The Secret Life of the Lonely Doll: The Search for Dare Wright|She was a pixie, a fairy, full of imagination and in another world.
Bertrand Russell, Marriage and Morals|If children learn of sex as a relation between their parents to which they owe their own existence, they learn of it in its best form and in connection with its biological purpose.
L.M. Montgomery|I ate lunch with Keira today. Second day in a row,” I told him, then winced at how stupid that sounded.Rider’s grin turned into a full smile, transforming his handsome face into the kind of masculine beauty that was like a punch to the chest. “That’s really good, Mallory.” His voice dropped as he reached over, curving his hand over my arm. There was a near electric rush from his touch. “I’m proud of you. For real.”Giddiness surrounded my heart as I stared at his large hand, darker than my own. He knew how big that was, and I didn’t feel so idiotic. He got it. He got me. And that meant the entire universe to me.
J.A. Redmerski, The Edge of Always|You can love someone, hell, you can love a lot of someones, but when you find the right person--the one that you're meant to be with--it's like..." "You can breathe for the first time," she finishes for me. "Yes." I cant help but smile.I needed to find that to understand." And you have," She says softly."Lucy." "Lucy," I agree.
Michele Young-Stone, Above Us Only Sky|Like humans, birds mourn the loss of fledglings and mates. There are a thousand variant weeping songs to sing. I had to sign mine and get on with it. That is what I did
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|When circumstances pour the minds of some young helpless individuals with hatred and rage towards the society, and when that pain, hatred, and rage become unbearable, they turn to the scriptures as the final resort, in a pursuit to find absolution, guided by the psychopathic, misogynistic, genocidal, pestilential, megalomaniacal, sadomasochistic, capriciously malevolent, fundamentalist preachers.
Mungo MacCallum, The Good, the Bad & the Unlikely, Australia's Prime Ministers|Reminded that the Commonwealth was already involved in pre-school and university education, Chifley replied: “That’s different – they’re for kids before they’ve got souls and after they’ve lost them.
Erica Bauermeister, Joy for Beginners|He considered razing the house and rebuilding, but he realized that houses are not haunted, and regardless of the architecture with which we surround ourselves,our ghosts stay with us until we ourselves are ghosts.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Thorns|For acting thus you will remain innocent among the hissings of the serpents, and like a sweet strawberry you will receive no venom from the contact of venomous tongues.
Sunday Adelaja|If a person thinks continually about the purity and holiness of God, then that holiness will begin to show itself in that person's life.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|He was the most astonishing contradiction of components I’d ever encountered. Shy yet fiercely communicative when putting an idea into your head. Vocally astringent regarding his own abilities but not to the point that he couldn’t produce—he was as prolific an artist (yes, an artist, and I never use the term, especially regarding people I like) I’ve ever seen. But I could feel it. Everything he sketched, penciled, inked, made—was a payment, one he could scarcely afford; as if it physically hurt him to put pencil to paper. Yet that only seemed to spur him on, to live far beyond his means. He was unable not to. For Sketch, to draw was to breath, and so the air became lead—silvery in the right light, dark soot in the wrong; heavy, slick and malleable—into shapes he brought together in glorious orchestration, with a child’s eye and a rocket scientist’s precision, all fortified by a furious melancholy, a quiet engine of sourceless shame and humility.When it came to another’s work, he longed to praise it but then couldn’t resist critiquing it all within an inch of its life, analyzing deficiencies with uncontrollable abandon and laser accuracy. He was sharp as his Radio 914 pen nibs, and as pointed.And then he’d apologize. Oh, he would apologize: Oh my GOD, forgive me, please don’t hate me, I’m SORRY, don’t listen to me, why am I saying things, what do I know, I don’t know anything, why do you listen to me you should just tell me to shut UP, I’m awful, forgive me, you hate me, don’t you? Tell the truth. Please don’t hate me. Please don’t. Please.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|A leadership comfort zone brings stagnancy, deprives one of innovation, stifles growth and frustrates both the leader and the team they lead. Your personal preferences like leadership style, communication style, prejudices, habits and mannerisms must be effectively managed so that they do not work against you. You have to be careful that your strengths do not end up becoming a hindering comfort zone. Seek to lead, driven by a cause.
Dada Bhagwan|In the worldly life, due to maadakta (intoxication of the ego of ‘I am Chandubhai’), one has completely lost awareness of everything about one’s self. Everything in the worldly life is nothing but intoxication. The food is intoxicating, the senses are intoxicating. [Therefore] Go to the one, who is without mada (pride), the one who has destroyed all intoxication. There in his proximity, you will realize that, ‘wow! The intoxication of the ego is something that can go down!’ Then ‘our’ awareness will manifest. You, the Self are indeed the absolute supreme soul (Parmatma)!
Fakeer Ishavardas|We need freedom, not through suffering, but through wisdom.
Robyn Young, Crusade|There is a time for faith, Bishop, and a time for action. It would be a foolish man who stood on a battlefield and faced an army with a Bible in his hands. We are here to do the bidding of our Lord Almighty, but it is through deeds, as well as piety, that we serve Him.
Stacia Kane, Sacrificial Magic|Well, clearly someone you trust isn’t really someone you should be trusting,” she said without thinking, and regretted it when Terrible glanced at her. He did it fast, just a quick cut of his eyes in her direction and then away again, but she saw it. She felt it. It was starting already. She wished she could say she was surprised, wished she hadn’t been waiting for it, expecting it the way she expected rain from black clouds overhead. Nothing in the world was permanent, especially not happiness. She’d always known that. She just wished life would stop proving her right.
Kinky Friedman, A Case of Lone Star|Friday night was the night most people thought they were supposed to have fun. Trouble was most people didn't know what fun was or how to have it, so things usually ended up pretty ugly.
Deepak Chopra|Do what you love. Know your own bone; gnaw at it, bury it, unearth it, and gnaw it still.
Christopher Paolini, Brisingr|People want incongruous, impossible things.
Orson Scott Card, Pathfinder|I wouldn’t joke if you weren’t always patching me up,” Davin retorted. He looked at Chad again. “You must have noticed, right? It’s kind of cute, actually.” Though my heart fluttered, I tried to shoot him a warning glare. He ignored me. “I like to call her Doctor Fisher.
Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity|The meditative mind sees disagreeable or agreeable things with equanimity, patience, and good-will. Transcendent knowledge is seeing reality in utter simplicity. (146)
Charles de Lint, Spiritwalk|There were two forests for every one you entered. There was the one you walked in, the physical echo, and then there was the one that was connected to all the other forests, with no consideration of distance, or time. The forest primeval, remembered through the collective memory of every tree in the same way that people remembered myth- through the collective subconscious that Jung mapped, the shared mythic resonance that lay buried in every human mind. Legend and myth, all tangled in an alphabet of trees remembered, not always with understanding, but with wonder. With awe.
Cara Lynn Shultz, Spellcaster|Shadows were too black, and when a breeze stirred the trees, the shadows changed in a disquieting way.
Patrick O'Brian, Post Captain|I sew his ears on from time to time, sure.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In Christ, there is newness of life.
Marie Lu, The Rose Society|I have spent my entire life thinking of the Inquisitors as things, soulless creatures. But they are just men. Men can be swayed, and I have the power to do it.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Don't worry about not doing "it" perfectly right now. It's ok, just keep at it, you will soon settle in it and then you'll be glad you didn't give up. All you need is to be sure that GOD's hand is in it.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|Nature has placed mankind under the governance of two sovereign masters, pain and pleasure. It is for them alone to point out what we ought to do, as well as to determine what we shall do.
Guy Fieri|I was in the bath at the time, and my dad came running in and said, 'Guess who they want to play Harry Potter!?' and I started to cry. It was probably the best moment of my life.
Laini Taylor, Night of Cake & Puppets|He is my unicorn, though... That's how I felt falling in love with him, as if I'd found a creature of myth.
Lyudmila Ulitskaya, The Big Green Tent|He had understood long ago that the past was no better than the present. That was as plain as day. One had to try to escape, to wrestle free from every era, so as not to be devoured by it.
Dani Harper|I’m almost used to you showing up without shoes, but where the hell are your pants?
Michael Bassey Johnson|Some days I am not sure if my faith is riddled with doubt, or whether, graciously, my doubt is riddled with faith. And yet I continue to live in a world the way a religious person lives in the world; I keep living in a world that I know to be enchanted, and not left alone. I doubt; I am uncertain; I am restless, prone to wander. And yet glimmers of holy keep interrupting my gaze.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|What is family? They were the people who claimed you. In good, in bad, in parts or in whole, they were the ones who showed up, who stayed there, regardless.
Norman Maclean, A River Runs Through It and Other Stories|Each one of us here today will at one time in our lives look upon a loved one who is in need and ask the same question: We are willing to help, Lord, but what, if anything, is needed? For it is true we can seldom help those closest to us. Either we don't know what part of ourselves to give or, more often than not, the part we have to give is not wanted. And so it is those we live with and should know who elude us. But we can still love them - we can love completely without complete understanding.
Krishna Udayasankar, Kurukshetra|The Wheel of Time spins: there is beginning and there is end. But why does the Wheel of Time spin? Is it some divine force that propels it? Or is that force humanity, people in search of change and a better way of life?– Asvattama Bharadvaja
Robert Sarah, The Power of Silence: Against the Dictatorship of Noise|The devil invites mankind to rebellion and disorder. With his litany of subterfuges, he sows discord and incites us to pour out our hatred upon each other. "Old Scratch" always makes noise and a lot of racket so as to prevent us from resting in God. The devil will not be able to reach us in the stronghold of silence. Let us guard against multiplying sins by satisfying our little egotistical or revolutionary passions.
Dennis Sharpe, Wednesday|When you cry out against a God who punishes people in a place like hell, you cry out against the God who has revealed Himself in the pages of Scripture. You cry out against His goodness, holiness, and justice; and all the while you minimize your own sinfulness or the sinfulness of others.
Jeniffer Niven|Take over the school, take over the town, take over the worlds. It will be a world of compassion, of neighbor loving neighbor, of student loving student or at least treating one another with respect. No judgments. No name-calling. No more, no more, no more.
René Descartes, Discourse on Method|although we very clearly see the sun, we ought not therefore to determine that it is only of the size which our sense of sight presents; and we may very distinctly imagine the head of a lion joined to the body of a goat, without being therefore shut up to the conclusion that a chimaera exists; for it is not a dictate of reason that what we thus see or imagine is in reality existent; but it plainly tells us that all our ideas or notions contain in them some truth.
David Levithan, Every Day|This is what love does: It makes you want to rewrite the world. It makes you want to choose the characters, build the scenery, guide the plot. The person you love sits across from you, and you want to do everything in your power to make it possible, endlessly possible. And when it’s just the two of you, alone in a room, you can pretend that this is how it is, this is how it will be.
Richard Dawkins|We know that to compete for the jobs of the 21st century and thrive in a global economy, we need a growing, skilled and educated workforce, particularly in the areas of science, technology, engineering and math. Americans with bachelor's degrees have half the unemployment rate of those with a high school degree.
Pringle Kennedy|The height of human achievement and glory, Muhammad.
Anas Khan|Never ever try to look for the meaning of life. If you do, everything will become tasteless. Just stay where you are and be happy.Trust me, It's better to be in the illusion rather than in reality. So why spoil all the fun
Ouida, Wanda, Countess von Szalras.|I only care for the subjective life; I am very German, you see: The woods interest me, and the world does not.
Martti Ahtisaari|For me, peace is a fundamental human right of every child; it is inevitable and divine.
Aleister Crowley, Magick Without Tears|There were many deficits in our swamp education, but Grandpa Sawtooth, to his credit, taught us the names of whole townships that had been forgotten underwater. Black pioneers, Creek Indians, moonshiners, women, 'disappeared' boy soldiers who deserted their army camps. From Grandpa we learned how to peer beneath the sea-glare of the 'official, historical' Florida records we found in books. "Prejudice," as defined by Sawtooth Bigtree, was a kind of prehistoric arithmetic--a "damn, fool math"--in which some people counted and others did not. It meant white names on white headstones in the big cemetery in Cypress Point, and black and brown bodies buried in swamp water.At ten, I couldn't articulate much but I got the message: to be a true historian, you had to mourn amply and well.
Evan Peters|With love and patience, nothing is impossible.
Criss Jami|When it comes to moral dilemmas and matters of discerning right justice, my natural sympathy so often happens to land on the opposite end of that of most of my peers. I sometimes wonder if this is nothing more than the misguidedness and the wickedness of my own heart. I wonder other times if God wires some of us in such a way so that fair discourse might then be provided, so that honest and unbiased, due process is ultimately more likely to be carried out. Perhaps it is all necessary for variance of perception, for mindful debate: that the heart is meant to create a bit of bias on certain issues; as between one another, they weigh and balance. For not all hearts are the same.
C. JoyBell C.|Peace is something like happiness; you cannot say "I will be happy when..." and you can't say "I will be peaceful when..." Your happiness shouldn't depend on the situation you're in nor on the circumstances that surround you. In the same breath, you cannot wait for everything around you to become peaceful in order for you to say "I am peaceful." In both happiness and peace, there is a heart of strength, determination and steadfastness; a heart that has the power to make things happen. You have to be at peace. You have to be happy. Now.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|King of Kings; my rock, my refuge!
Graham Greene, The Quiet American|It was a superstition among them that a lover who smoked would always return, even from France. A man's sexual capacity might be injured by smoking, but they would always prefer a faithful to a potent lover.
Adele          Rose, Possession|Hecate smelt the odour of death as clearly as she might smell the wonderful, scented fragrance of blooming flowers in springtime or the delicious smell of dinner wafting down the hallway.
Auliq Ice|Making it happen, It's just something you gotta do.
Dhyana Stanley, The Human Experience Is the Dance of Heaven and Earth: A Call Home to Peace|The teaching, within most if not all religions, that states that the Divine is omnipresent is the full truth of it. But this is not something to be believed in but to be discovered and consciously lived.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity: A 50-Day Devotional|When we don’t have money, we’re sure having it will solve all our problems. When we don’t have a relationship, we’re sure being in one will make us whole. When we don’t have our health, we’re sure being healthy will make us happy. We’re so sure about what we don’t have. What would happen if we were so sure about what we did have? Try it…it’s called gratitude.
Sunday Adelaja|We must forget the past because in Jesus Christ, all things have become new
L.B. Malpass, Beneath the Blossom Tree|The more I learn about life and people, the more I realise that everyone has a story and everyone’s story is the biggest in their own mind.” - Laylla Jonson
Lyda Morehouse, Messiah Node|Niko was a man of few words and flying, sugary snacks. I like that in a human. ~Catcher
Laura  Davis, The Courage to Heal: A Guide for Women Survivors of Child Sexual Abuse|Often feelings of shame, powerlessness, and self-hate are bottled up with the memories, and as the memories come through, these feelings do, too.Yet healing isn't just about pain. It's about learning to love yourself.
Sovik Mishra|Even if we fall apart, even if we don't stay together, even if we Die there is this beauty about Love that keeps us alive in each others' heart, acting as a catalyst for beating the heart.
James E. Lovelock, The Vanishing Face of Gaia: A Final Warning|We are the intelligent elite among animal life on earth and whatever our mistakes, [Earth] needs us. This may seem an odd statement after all that I have said about the way 20th century humans became almost a planetary disease organism. But it has taken [Earth] 2.5 billion years to evolve an animal that can think and communicate its thoughts. If we become extinct she has little chance of evolving another.
Elon Musk|If Planned Parenthood wants to be involved in providing counseling services and HIV testing, they ought not be in the business of providing abortions.
Victor Hugo|These two beings, who had loved each other so exclusively, and with so touching a love, and who had lived so long for each other, were now suffering beside one another and through one another; without speaking of it, without harsh feeling, and smiling all the while.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Well we've moved through the funfair a bit - we've done the rollercoaster, now we're on the ghost train.
Ismail Kadare|I saw hum run for thr first time at Wednesday's trining session. Until then, I wasn't aware Usain Bolt was my running coach
Mirriam Neal, Paper Crowns|Get off me!" Badger tried to roll away, but Azrael held his palms over the baker's eyes again and more white light poured out. "You're blinding me! Stop!""No," said Azrael."Please!""I can't hear you over the sound of my total indifference.
Chris Hadfield|Decide in your heart of hearts what really excites and challenges you, and start moving your life in that direction. Every decision you make, from what you eat to what you do with your time tonight, turns you into who you are tomorrow, and the day after that. Look at who you want to be, and start sculpting yourself into that person. You may not get exactly where you thought you'd be, but you will be doing things that suit you in a profession you believe in. Don't let life randomly kick you into the adult you don't want to become.
Christopher Morris|The best way to contorl people is to encourage them to be mischievous...To give your sheep or cow a large, spacious meadow is the way to control him. So it is with people: first let them do what they want, and watch them... To ignore them is not good; that is the worst policy. The second worst is trying to control them. The best one is to watch them, just to watch them, without trying to control them.
Swami Sivananda|If you look at great human civilizations, from the Roman Empire to the Soviet Union, you will see that most do not fail simply due to external threats but because of internal weakness, corruption, or a failure to manifest the values and ideals they espouse.
John Cusack|Trophies and medals have never meant much to me. I've had amazing experiences, which let you feel like you've accomplished something.
Peter Redgrove|We rehearse for the big death through the little death of orgasm, through erotic living. Death as transfiguration
Helaine Olen, Pound Foolish: Exposing the Dark Side of the Personal Finance Industry|Corruption,' Jordan Belfort believes, 'is endemic to human being. I mean, even men in monasteries - where enticement is hard to come by – even men in those circumstances have sex with other men and abuse children. Look at the Catholic Church! Man is an imperfect animal and he is corruptible, okay? And in finance, the liquid nature of the market makes corruption very easy. On Wall Street, this liquidity is so in your face -' he suddenly grits his teeth - 'that if you have even the slightest predisposition to the dark side, you become corrupted. In addition to which, those attracted to Wall Street have a predisposition to greed.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|But here again it must be observed that this is a matter of a variation brought about through dynamic agencies. The static state, for which the contention attributed to the adherents of the mechanical version of the Quantity Theory would be valid, is disturbed by the fact that the exchange-ratios between individual commodities are necessarily modified. Under certain conditions, the technique of the market may have the effect of extending this modification to the exchange-ratio between money and other economic goods also.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|I have only to contemplate myself; man comes from nothing, passes through time, and disappears forever in the bosom of God. He is seen but for a moment wandering on the verge of two abysses, and then is lost.If man were wholly ignorant of himself he would have no poetry in him, for one cannot describe what one does not conceive. If he saw himself clearly, his imagination would remain idle and would have nothing to add to the picture. But the nature of man is sufficiently revealed for him to know something of himself and sufficiently veiled to leave much impenetrable darkness, a darkness in which he ever gropes, forever in vain, trying to understand himself.
Marya Mannes|One of the strangest things about life is that the poor, who need the money the most, are the ones that never have it.
Boey Kim Cheng, Clear Brightness|You scour these Chinatowns of the mind, translating themlike sutras Xuan Zhang fetched from India, testing waysreturn might be possible against these homesick inventions, trace the traveller's alien steps across borders, and in between discover how transit has a way of lasting, the way these Chinatowns grew out of not knowing whether to return or to stay, and then became home.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Requiring neither wood nor urns,Inside me is a fire that burns;Advising me to never accept defeat,The blessed fruit of hope it churns!
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|I recall certain moments, let us call them icebergs in paradise, when after having had my fill of her –after fabulous, insane exertions that left me limp and azure-barred–I would gather her in my arms with, at last, a mute moan of human tenderness (her skin glistening in the neon light coming from the paved court through the slits in the blind, her soot-black lashes matted, her grave gray eyes more vacant than ever–for all the world a little patient still in the confusion of a drug after a major operation)–and the tenderness would deepen to shame and despair, and I would lull and rock my lone light Lolita in my marble arms, and moan in her warm hair, and caress her at random and mutely ask her blessing, and at the peak of this human agonized selfless tenderness (with my soul actually hanging around her naked body and ready to repent), all at once, ironically, horribly, lust would swell again–and 'oh, no,' Lolita would say with a sigh to heaven, and the next moment the tenderness and the azure–all would be shattered.
Henry Miller, Big Sur and the Oranges of Hieronymus Bosch|The optimist sees the donut, the pessimist sees the hole.
Renita D'Silva, Monsoon Memories|And Aziz in an awful rage danced this way and that, not knowing what to do, and cried: "Down with the English anyhow. That's certain. Clear out, you fellows, double quick, I say. We may hate one another, but we hate you most. If I don't make you go, Ahmed will, Karim will, if it's flfty-flve hundred years we shall get rid of you, yes, we shall drive every blasted Englishman into the sea, and then "—he rode against him furiously— "and then," he concluded, half kissing him, "you and I shall be friends.
Miguel Ruiz|[Jules] slides into a seat beside me with her hot lunch tray, sighing. “Four hours, thirty-six minutes, and twelve seconds till we’re out of purgatory for the weekend.”“Maybe later,” I murmur, still distracted by the day’s previous events.“So, let me show you how a conversation works. I say something, and then you say something back that actually relates to what I was talking about, as if you were even the least bit interested.” “Huh?” I say.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Rain is nature’s art; umbrella is man’s art. When you walk with your umbrella in a rainy day, you walk with a super art which is a combination of two different arts!
Charles Murray, Coming Apart: The State of White America, 1960-2010|The main vehicle for nineteenth-century socialization was the leading textbook used in elementary school. They were so widely used that sections in them became part of the national language. Theodore Roosevelt, scion of an elite New York family, schooled by private tutors, had been raised on the same textbooks as the children of Ohio farmers, Chicago tradesman, and New England fishermen. If you want to know what constituted being a good American from the mid-nineteenth century to World War I, spend a few hours browsing through the sections in the McGuffey Readers.
George W. Bush|Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we.
Elaine Dundy, The Old Man and Me|It was uncertain. She was in her early forties. Breast cancer. No one could identify exactly how everyone had come to know this fact. Was it a fact? Some people called it rumor. But in fact there was no such thing as rumor. There was fact, and there was what did not come up in conversation.
DaShanne Stokes|Bigotry lives not just in our words, but in our actions, thoughts, and institutions.
Joseph A. Schumpeter|The power of protest depends not only on how many turn out, but also on what legislative, judicial, and civil society institutions exist to enact the will of those marching in the streets.
Karen Shanor, Bats Sing, Mice Giggle: The Surprising Science of Animals' Inner Lives|Just so you know,’ I explained, remembering my own earlier arrogance, ‘if you’ve ever owned a cat and therefore think you know how to handle a puma, you don’t. It would be like playing with sharks because you once owned a goldfish.
Poppy Delevingne|I have often been downcast but never in despair; I regard our hiding as a dangerous adventure, romantic and interesting at the same time. In my diary, I treat all the privations as amusing.
Lauren DeStefano, Sever|And so ends his rush from his greatest act of rebellion. He understands that no matter where he runs or how high he flies, he will always have to come home.
Initially NO, Percipience: Outside the Range of Understood Sense|...but there were four things I taught Walter to consider: 1) That it was Cain who built the first City, 2) That there is a true Science in the World called Scientia Umbrarum which, as to the publick teaching of it, has been suppressed but which the proper Artificer must comprehend, 3) That Architecture aims at Eternity and must contain the Eternal Powers: not only our Altars and Sacrifices, but the Forms of our Temples, must be mysticall, 4) That the miseries (If the present Life, and the Barbarities of Mankind, the fatall disadvantages we are all under and the Hazard we run of being eternally Undone, lead the True Architect not to Harmony or to Rationall Beauty but to quite another Game. Why, do we not believe the very Infants to be the Heirs of Hell and Children of the Devil as soon as they are disclos'd to the World? I declare that I build my Churches firmly on this Dunghil Earth and with a full Conception of Degenerated Nature. I have only room to add: there is a mad-drunken Catch, Hey ho! The Devil is dead! If that be true, I have been in the wrong Suit all my Life.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|Hariri says, in his Maqamat: ‘Safety is on the river’s BANK.
C. JoyBell C.|Life begins when we get tired of our own bullshit. We must all get bloody tired of our own bullshit, in order for our lives to begin.
Margaret Atwood, The Robber Bride|They didn't realize that her clumsiness was not the ordinary kind, not poor coordination. It was just because she wasn't sure where the edges of her body ended and the rest of the world began.
Aaron B. Powell, Guns Part 2|The Photograph is violent: not because it shows violent tings, but because on each occasion (i)it fills the sight by force(i), and because in it nothing can be refused or transformed (that we can sometimes call it mild does not contradict its violence: many say that sugar is mild, but to me sugar is violent, and I call it so).
Jack Campbell, The Dragons of Dorcastle|The light changed slightly. Mari looked up and over at one wall. There was now a narrow, roughly door-shaped hole in it. Standing in the hole was Mage Alain. Mari stood up, realizing that her mouth was hanging open. That wall was solid. I felt it. There wasn't any opening. She watched as the Mage took two shaky steps into the cell, then paused, some of the strain leaving his face. She blinked, wondering what she had just seen, as the hole in the wall vanished as if it had never been. One moment it was there, the next it was gone. ...Mari took a long slow breath. 'They use smoke and mirrors and other 'magic' to make commons think they can create temporary holes in walls and things like that. It's all nonsense.' "Mages actually can make real holes in walls." "No."Her head hurting with increased intensity, Mari glowered at the Mage. "You didn't make a hole in the wall?""I made the illusion of a hole in the illusion of the wall."Mari looked at Mage Alain for what felt like a long time, trying to detect any sign of mockery or lying. But he seemed perfectly sincere. And unless she had completely lost her mind, he had just walked through that solid wall. ..."We can get out the same way that you got in?" Mari asked. "Through imaginary holes in the imaginary wall?" She wondered how her guild would feel about seeing that in her report. Actually, she didn't have to wonder, but she wasn't about to turn down a chance at escape. The Mage took a deep breath and swayed on his feet. "No.""No?""Unfortunately—" Alain collapsed into a seated position on the cot next to her—"the effort of finding you has exhausted me. There were several walls to get through. I can do no more for some time. I am probably incapable of any major effort until morning." He shook his head. "I did not plan this well. Maybe the elders are right and seventeen is simply too young to be a Mage."Mari stared at him. "Are you telling me that you came to rescue me, following a metaphorical thread through imaginary holes, but now that you're in the same cell with me you can't get us out?""Yes, that is correct. This one erred.""That one sure did. Now instead of one of us being stuck in here, we're both stuck in here."The Mage gave her a look which actually betrayed a trace of irritation. He must have really been exhausted for such a feeling to show. "I do not have much experience with rescues. Are you always so difficult?
Susan Ee, End of Days|This is a story about a mother who loves her daughter. Imperfectly. Because we all love imperfectly. But if you find yourself protecting anyone as you write this piece, remember this: You're not doing it right.
Héctor Abad Faciolince, Tratado de culinaria para mujeres tristes|I think that, when I die, it might be some time until I know it.
Benjamin Watson|Although I think of myself as the greatest heavyweight, I do respect the legends of the past for what they did. But they are not my heroes.
Adam Gidwitz, In a Glass Grimmly|When they confronted her like this, she felt like a delicate freaking time bomb just waiting for a time and a place to explode.
Kate Bolick, Spinster: Making a Life of One's Own|Love is when two (or more) hearts build a safe emotional, mental, and spiritual home that will stand strong no matter how much anyone changes on the inside or the outside. It demands only one things and expects only one thing: that each person be his or her own true self.
Michelle K. Pickett, Milayna|The visions scared me. And I was scared to tell anyone about them. I didn’t want them to think I was a freak. Maybe I was. That scared me, too.
Nikki Rae, Sunshine|Love doesn’t exist, you see. It’s just another shadowy figure that goes bump in the night.
Ian McEwan, Solar|He saw it for the first time: on the day he died he would be wearing unmatching socks, there would be unanswered e-mails, and in the hovel he called home there would still be shirts missing cuff buttons, a malfunctioning light in the hall, and unpaid bills, uncleared attics, dead flies, friends waiting for a reply and lovers he had not owned up to.
Jay Samit|If you don't know where you want to be in five years, how do you ever expect to get there?
Gwenda Bond, Triple Threat|I imagined it was far better to be optimistic, to proceed assuming wherever you could that you had cared enough, that you'd made a difference, that you would again. Dwelling on the worst was no way to live.
Leslea Wahl, The Perfect Blindside|Some people are not meant to be a part of our lives forever. Some people visit our lives for a brief period, not to stay in it, but to show us something that we have been unable to see it ourselves. In the form of a gift, a lesson or a piece of wisdom, they change the course of our life and help us to fulfill our destiny.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Did I Not Say To YouDid I not say to you, “Go not there, for I am your friend; in this mirage of annihilation I am the fountain of life?” Even though in anger you depart a hundred thousand years from me, in the end you will come to me, for I am your goal. Did I not say to you, “Be not content with worldly forms, for I am the fashioner of the tabernacle of your contentment?” Did I not say to you, “I am the sea and you are a single fish; go not to dry land, for I am your crystal sea?” Did I not say to you, “ Go not like birds to the snare; come, for I am the power of flight and your wings and feet?” Did I not say to you, “ They will waylay you and make you cold, for I am the fire and warmth and heat of your desire?” Did I not say to you, “ They will implant in you ugly qualities so that you will forget that I am the source of purity to you?” Did I not say to you, “Do not say from what direction the ser- vant’s affairs come into order?” I am the Creator without directions. If you are the lamp of the heart, know where the road is to the house; and if you are godlike of attribute, know that I am your Maser.
Laurelin Paige, First Touch|Smile for the camera, pretty little Sydney Tar Ponds.
Donna Lynn Hope|When it comes to men, I appreciate them, don’t bash them and never love them.
Colleen Hanabusa|I've always been driven by the concept of equal justice under the law, but only the rich can pay great sums of money for legal assistance and that puts them at an advantage over the poor.
Debasish Mridha|My mission in life is to be kind, compassionate, caring, sharing and loving in order to feel the deepest joy of life.
Claudia Gray, A Thousand Pieces of You|Now I know that grief is a whetstone that sharpens all your love, all your happiest memories, into blades that tear you apart from within.
Langston Hughes|I went down to the river,I set down on the bank.I tried to think but couldn't,So I jumped in and sank.
OMOSOHWOFA CASEY|People love it when you criticise some things which they do not believe in, practices which are contrary to what they practice or contrary views. They call you objective and truthfulBut immediately you start disagreeing with their views, criticising their beliefs, expressing contrary views against what they support, they call you foul names, say you are not a child of God, ask who you are to judge.Listen and listen good, I love writing and I write based on inspiration and experience.I don't just write, I write to capture the minds of my readers and to spark reaction. I welcome contrary views, I love you opposing my stance cos in the process I learn some things from you.Don't get mad at me for expressing myself via writing. I love putting things down. Learn to tolerate my views and counter me when you don't agree.Stop holding grudges and developing unnecessary hatred. Life is too short to be closed minded and inclined. Life is too short for me to idolize anybody.I can't always be dancing to your tunes, you also have to dance to mine.
Ben Marcus, The Flame Alphabet|A steady recognition that the evils which prevent the fullness of moral development are precisely the elements which are also the source of the power that gives existence to whatever moral accomplishments we see about us may eventually lead us to a tolerance we grant to the internal-combustion engine: it is noisy and smelly, and occasionally, it refuses to start, but it is what gets us to wherever we get.We must somehow learn to understand and so to tolerate- not destroy- the free society.
Rick Riordan, The Hammer of Thor|Sam's phone buzzed. She fished it out of her pocket, checked the screen, and cursed. "I have to go.""You just got here.""Valkyrie business. Possible code three-eight-one: heroic death in progress.""You're making that up.""I'm not.""So...what, somebody thinks they're about to die and they text you 'Going down! Need Valkyrie ASAP!' followed by a bunch of sad-face emojis?
Robert Louis Stevenson|One cannot walk in such regions, consciouslywithout enlargement of thought. There areheights and valleys which, to those who seekthem in a sympathetic spirit, are better" seats of learning " than any school or university in the land ; there are days when the climber seems to rise into a rarer mental as well as visual atmosphere, and to leave far below him the crass cares and prejudices of commonplace life.
chefPrayas|The question isn't who will be with me in life, rather how will I create the ending I am proud of?
Richard Kadrey, Kill the Dead|The clerk is looking at me. His expression hasn't changed. What I want to do is punch a hole in the front of the desk, reach through, grab his balls, and make him sing The Mickey Mouse Club song. But these days, I'm working on the theory that killing everyone I don't like might be counterproductive. I'm learning to use my indoor voice like a big boy, so I smile back at the clerk.
Ram Charan|Is it rather stupid and dangerous to take Magna Carta so much for granted, as many of us seem to do, and to think of this attitude as 'very English?'
Shelly Laurenston, The Mane Squeeze|Sissy Mae Smith...stumbled into the room loaded down with even more bags. "You pack like a woman," she snarled when she finally dropped the luggage to the floor. "How can one man have so much conditioner?"His mouth filled with French toast, Mitch pointed at his hair and snarled, "Tawny mane! Do you think this shit stays this beautiful on its own? It needs care and love! Which is more than I'm getting from you!
Steven Spielberg|In the future, financial firms of any type whose failure would pose a systemic risk must accept especially close regulatory scrutiny of their risk-taking.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables: Volume Two|That figure stood for a long time wholly in the light; this arose from a certain legendary dimness evolved by the majority of heroes, and which always veils the truth for a longer or shorter time; but to-day history and daylight have arrived.That light called history is pitiless; it possesses this peculiar and divine quality, that, pure light as it is, and precisely because it is wholly light, it often casts a shadow in places where people had hitherto beheld rays; from the same man it constructs two different phantoms, and the one attacks the other and executes justice on it, and the shadows of the despot contend with the brilliancy of the leader. Hence arises a truer measure in the definitive judgments of nations. Babylon violated lessens Alexander, Rome enchained lessens Caesar, Jerusalem murdered lessens Titus, tyranny follows the tyrant. It is a misfortune for a man to leave behind him the night which bears his form.
Ed Lynskey, Quiet Anchorage|What do women want?" Sigmund Freud cried. Books and cats are a good start.
Saul Bellow, The Adventures of Augie March|Anything that just adds information you can't use is plain dangerous. Anyway, there's too much of everything of this kind, that's come home to me, too much history and culture to keep track of, too many details, too much news, too much example, too much influence, too many guys who tell you to be as they are, and all this hugeness, abundance, turbulence, Niagara Falls torrent. Which who is supposed to interpret? Me? I haven't got that much head to master it all. I get carried away. It doesn't give my feelings enough of a chance if I have to store up and become like an encyclopedia. Why, just as a question of time spent in getting prepared for life, look! a man could spent forty, fifty, sixty years like that inside the walls of his own being. And all high conversation would take place within those walls. And all achievement would stay within those walls. And all glamour too. And even hate, monstrousness, enviousness, murder, would be inside them. This would be only a terrible, hideous dream about existing. It's better to dig ditches and hit other guys with your shovel than die in the walls.
Robin McKinley, Sunshine|It's funny, because I had thought, living through those first two months after the night at the lake, that the great crisis was about What I Was or Who I'd Become or What Terrible Thing Was Wrong With Me (and About to Go Wronger) and Why All Was Changed As a Result. But I was still struggling against the idea that all *was* changed.
Faraaz Kazi|What was he? A mere human, stuck between the rungs of blended adolescence and nascent adulthood. What power did he command over the mysterious forces of love? Which sword could shatter the impenetrable armour of desire?
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The human mind’s innate ability to imagine and create ensures that we never remain stalled out in who we are. We constantly seek to amend our circumference and circumstances, craft and redraft our emotional, social, political, economic, and artistic being.
Akira Mizuta Lippit, Atomic Light|We are all recipients of God's full and perfect creation...everyone and everything in the universe are connected according to the Master's divine creative plan and purpose. Therefore, everything one does as an individual affects the whole creation. All thoughts, words, emotions, prayers, blessings, good deeds, evil deeds and actions are heard and experienced by the entire human creation...all mankind.
Emily Thorne|Their heartbeats rushed through his body. His arms circled around her, just so he could keep himself from falling.
Chiwetel Ejiofor|I love the physical roles. I have the utmost respect for stunt people and stunt doubles, but I like to do as much as I possibly can with what's become some pretty significant training.
Vladimir Nabokov, Despair|You haven't heard a damn word I've said. See, this is why I can't stand your kinds. You light your candles and mumble your latin spells and pray to a god who isn't there, doesn't care, or is just plain crazy or cruel or both. The world burns and you praise the asshole who either set it or let it.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|I would close my eyes and dream of something strong, dream of horses exploding, rising into the air, their hearts beating survive, survive, survive.
Kevin Roose, The Unlikely Disciple: A Sinner's Semester at America's Holiest University|by confusing life with play-acting and play-acting with life, one may perhaps construct a tolerable moral world from shattered fragments of the past
Stanisław Lem, The Cyberiad|If you divide something that is essentially one, you will end up with imaginary infinite numbers.
S.M. Boyce, Heritage|Someone who loves you, will act as sibling rather than a lover.
Idries Shah, A Perfumed Scorpion|Serving in the best country in the world demands becoming the best in what you do. To become the best, learn from & hangout with the best...
Cat Ellington|You've got one life to live, and you must live it for you! Do what makes you happy, and do it to the best of your ability. Embrace those who truly love you, and renounce the ones who don't. Love and be loved. Do the things that bring you elation and enjoy them! Shun all negativity and embrace the positive. Do away with all fear, and allow love to envelop you. Be happy. Be free. Be at peace. And be yourself. Eat, drink, be merry ... and make life a stone groove.
Jim Robbins, The Man Who Planted Trees: Lost Groves, Champion Trees, and an Urgent Plan to Save the Planet|Trees, how many of 'em do we need to look at?
Jennifer Arnett, Day One: A Novella|Behold those times re-created bythe brutal power of sunlit images,the light of life’s tragedy.The walls of the trial, the fieldof the firing squad; and the distantghost of Rome’s suburbs in a ring,gleaming white in naked light.Gunshots: our death, our survival.
Mirza Sharafat Hussain Beigh|Judge me not, by my faithjudge me not, by my religionjudge me not, by my angerthat I may manifest happinesswe all have same desires, hungerjudge me, by those memorieswhen I earned your tearsby the cost of pearls
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Real love ought to be more like a tree and less like a flower. That's the kind of love my parents had. Not so consuming and more everlasting. And you see that tree over there? Now it's only showing green leaves, but during the spring it's covered in flowers. Because as reliable as trees are, they can also speak of beauty and passion.
Madeleine L'Engle|In the literary world today, Christianity has pretty well replaced sex as the present pet taboo, not only because Christianity is so often distorted by Christians as well as non-Christians, but because it is too wild and free for the timid.
Albert Claude|The whole idea of a dream, to me, is a mystery plane. Things are operating there that tell us the real truth. The stuff going on inside us that we don't express or even know about pours out in our dreams.
Francois Hollande|The idea that the law should punish what is rude; that government should protect our tender sensibilities from those who would - quite often with shallow motivations but sometimes with deeper and more serious complaints - challenge our national certainties and rituals, should alarm and anger us.
Mario Vargas Llosa|We would be worse than we are without the good books we have read, more conformist, not as restless, more submissive, and the critical spirit, the engine of progress, would not even exist. Like writing, reading is a protest against the insufficiencies of life. When we look in fiction for what is missing in life, we are saying, with no need to say it or even to know it, that life as it is does not satisfy our thirst for the absolute – the foundation of the human condition – and should be better. We invent fictions in order to live somehow the many lives we would like to lead when we barely have one at our disposal.
Cameron Dokey, Golden:  A Retelling of Rapunzel|You have worked to build me what I asked for all the days of our lives. Even when the task seemed impossible, even when it would have been easier to give it up, you did not, but kept on going. You have kept me warm in winter, and cool in summer. You have laughed with me, and you have cried. You have given me children who are almost, but not quite, my greatest joy.For the greatest joy of all is the way you held my wish in the center of your heart thorough all the days of our lives. That is where the room that you have built for me lies. Just as the room I built for you lies within mine. And in this way have all our wishes been granted. Together, we have made ourselves a home.
Nanette Mathews|Have the courage to rise from the challenges of life like a phoenix from the flames or you'll get lost in the ashes of despair, pain, and regret.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades Freed|I glance down his body. He's still wearing his shorts and his shirt, and I still have my T-shirt on. Jeez-- talk about wham, bam, thank you ma'am.
Marie Lu, Champion|And finally, always remember that the other person started it.
Sandra Bullock|Cancer is a very sad thing, but you can always take something from every experience.
Chaz Bufe, Anarchism: What It Is & What It Isn't|For over a century and a half, anarchists have been arguing that coercive, hierarchical organization (as embodied in government and corporations) is not equivalent to organization per se (which they regard as necessary), and that coercive organization should be replaced by decentralized, nonhierarchical organization based on voluntary cooperation and mutual aid. This is hardly a rejection of organization.
Nicola Sinclair, Promise|The question was, could he forgive the past in order to have a future with her? Any future?
Kate Iffy Chukwu, My Name Is Kosi Kamsi|The trouble with parents is they remember the things you don’t want them to remember. Then the things you want them to remember, they forget." Kosi Kamsi
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|When you understandthe difference betweenwant and need, you willfinally realise howrich your life really is.
Adam Gopnik, The King in the Window|Life is like a box of cookies: it's good while it lasts, but before you know it, it's gone.
Peggy Toney Horton|You're an asshole.""And you're a bitch," he says. "A bitch with a kick-ass smile and eyes that can seriously screw with a guy's head.
Henry    Miller, The Corbyn Comic Book|I think if Jeremy Corbyn got a cloak, he'd make a very good Gandalf.
Gail Collins, When Everything Changed: The Amazing Journey of American Women from 1960 to the Present|Man’s guilt in history and in the tides of his own blood has been complicated by technology, the daily seeping falsehearted death.
Norton Juster|Words and numbers are of equal value, for in the cloak of knowledge one is warp and the other woof.
Saddam Hussein, The Revolution and Woman in Iraq|Women make up one half of society. Our society will remain backward and in chains unless its women are liberated, enlightened and educated.
Benjamin Franklin|This is Maximilien de Robespierre, barrister-at-law: unmarried, personable, a young man with all his life before him. Today against his most deeply held convictions he has followed the course of the law and sentenced a criminal to death. And now he is going to pay for it.
James J. Hill|To be really great in little things, to be truly noble and heroic in the insipid details of everyday life, is a virtue so rare as to be worthy of canonization.
Karen Chance, Embrace the Night|When good Americans die, they go to Paris,' the ghost said, after taking a drag on a small cigarette.But you’re not dead. I suppose the question must be, are you good?
Sourav Adhikari|Acceptance, Breathtaking performance, clarity in vision, beyond imagination thinking are the factors to success.
Melissa de la Cruz, Gates of Paradise|Had pretended to be Abbadon of the Dark, when always he had been working for the Light.
Wendy Raquel Robinson|I'm a suck-it-up-and-move-on kind of person. Every day is a new day, and you'll never be able to find happiness if you don't move on.
Shannon Lyndsy, Celebrating Death|You wanna know why the world is f**ked? This is why, this is exactly why…right here. Get a pen, write this down, this is important…The world is f**ked up because I eat WonderBread preserved with formaldehyde that lasts three weeks and will never grow mold as long as it’s kept in its magic silver bag. The world is f**ked up because I know my cans of tuna have mercury in it. The world is f**ked up because I know my flake light tuna and WonderBread are poisonous, yet I still eat them!
Don Swann II|Is the price of happiness not weighed in the cost of commitment, the value of life’s experience in the plurality of existence and measured in a love shared?
Jessica-Lynn Barbour, Willow|Friday night's alright for fightingSaturday, Sunday, Monday tooEvery night is a night of fightingWith family and friends like you
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems|It shall dwell roses, from your sweet tears in my heart.
Margaret Widdemer, The Rose-Garden Husband|It was four o'clock of a stickily wet Saturday. As long as it is anything from Monday to Friday the average library attendant goes around thanking her stars she isn't a school-teacher; but the last day of the week, when the rest of the world is having its relaxing Saturday off and coming to gloat over you as it acquires its Sunday-reading best seller, if you work in a library you begin just at noon to wish devoutly that you'd taken up scrubbing-by-the-day, or hack-driving, or porch-climbing or- anything on earth that gave you a weekly half-holiday!
Caroline Knapp|Sure, I love people, and I want to communicate with people. I mean, what is music anyway? It's a form of communication - at least for me it is. And that's why I play the kind of music that I think - that I hope - can communicate with people.
Joe Hill, The Fireman|People who insist upon dressing casually also want to think casually. And in a fallen world, thinking casually means being wrong more often than not.
Sabaa Tahir, A Torch Against the Night|It takes only a split second for life to go horribly wrong. To fix the mess, I need a thousand things to go right. The distance from one bit of luck to the next feels as great as the distance across oceans. But, I decide in this moment, I will bridge that distance, again and again, until I win. I will not fail.
Paul Russell, The Coming Storm|A country is judged by the actions at the top. Such is the way across the world. Nations are judged by their rulers, and not by those that live within the borders.
Libba Bray, Rebel Angels|Did God ever cry over his lost angel, I wonder?
Harvey Katz|Whenever the sadness got too much, I would hire a rickshaw and go to the Upper Bazaar. Those little rickshaw trips to the market and back, shopping for lipsticks and imitation Gucci bags and wind-chimes and what not, are some of my happiest memories today. You know, one day, during one of those trips, I sold all my well-thumbed copies of ‘Inside Outside’ to the Tibetan guy who ran the old book store on Netaji Road for seventy rupees, six Tintins and a disarming smile. And all of a sudden, that moment, standing at the corner of Netaji road, I found out who I was.’('Left from Dhakeshwari')
Loretta Chase, Lord Perfect|That is what I like about you, Mr. Dashwood," she said. "You are so decisive. It saves me the bother of thinking for myself.""That is what I like about you, Mrs. Dashwood," he said. "You are so sarcastic. It saves me the trouble of trying to be tactful and charming.
James Joyce, Finnegans Wake|Never assume you are alone, because you never truly are. Only when your life has surely ended and your loved ones have forgotten you is when you are gone. Gone from this world and the next.Sleep is when you are most vulnerable. It’s a sanctuary and a curse; how you perceive it is up to you.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|What are other women really thinking, feeling, experiencing, when they slip away from the gaze and culture of men?
Henry David Thoreau|It is only when we forget our learning, do we begin to know.
Sanhita Baruah|A fleeting second on someone's news feed,No dearth of meanings for those who read,Not my stories but 'tis what I think,I say I don't write poems, I just write dreams.
Joanna Lumley|I wanted to represent minorities in the respect of people who had been bullied in school or people who were gay or lesbian or trans or people who aren't blonde haired and blue-eyed. I have short hair, and I am covered in tattoos. I like showing people that it's within their rights to be different.
Poppet, Sveta|Lifting, smiling back at her giggle, her relief, I tease, “If you want to bleed sweetheart, I can make you bleed. I promise if I do it will be way more fun.
Angelo Patri|Her father had learned only one thing in prison. Not humility, nor patience, nor understanding...Marshall Kofer had learned to listen, at least to his daughter".
Lewis N. Roe, From A To Theta: Taking The Tricky Subject Of Religion And Explaining Why It Makes Sense In A Way We Can All Understand|The claim to know that no god exists is just irrational. The non-existence of any god has no evidence, let alone proof. To know something for certain there must be proof. To hold to a belief there must be evidence. Untilthen, the only actual reasonable position is agnosticism.
Mark Bittman|The sad thing is, when it comes to diet, is that even when well-intentioned Feds try to do right by us, they fail. Either they're outvoted by puppets of agribusiness, or they are puppets of agribusiness.
- A Starry Eyed April|Flythe kitesof your soul,letyour spiritsoar.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Your life as an effective person must always have productivity surrounding all your efforts, there must be a sustained forward and upward trajectory in every area of your life. This is where the Shona Shereketa meets the Japanese Kaizen - you are moving and shaking past mediocrity on the basis of small but continuous improvements that will ultimately result in positive quality changes to your life.
Adolfo Bioy Casares, The Invention of Morel|I thought I had made this discovery: that there are unexpected, constant repetitions in our behavior. The right combination of circumstances had enabled me to observe them. One seldom has the chance to be a clandestine witness of several talks between the same people. But scenes are repeated in life, just as they are in the theatre.
Holly Bourne, Am I Normal Yet?|Being a woman, in this world, ultimately makes you crazy.
Marie Hall, A Moment|As I look back on the time I've spent with him, loving him, learning him, I'm grateful for the moments. Because in the end, it's the moments that make life worth living...
Heinrich Heine|As a Catholic, I find mindfulness helps me participate in my religion more wholeheartedly. If you are praying the rosary, participating in the rituals at Mass, or listening to the priest preach, you will actually be paying attention! Whatever your religion is, it can enhance the experience of participating in that religion.
Angelo Scola|The closer we come to the negative, to death, the more we blossom.
Jeremy Corbyn|Yes, money is important. But it's all about the creative process.
L.M. Montgomery, Emily Climbs|Well," said St. Clare, "suppose that something shoul bring down the price of cotton once and forever, and make the whole slave property a drug in the market, don't you think we should soon have another version of the Scripture doctrine? What flood of light would pour the church, all at once, and immediately it would be discovered that everything in the bible and reason went the other way.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Here and Now: Living in the Spirit|While optimism makes us live as if someday soon things will soon go better for us, hope frees us from the need to predict the future and allows us to live in the present, with the deep trust that God will never leave us alone but will fulfill the deepest desires of our heart... Joy in this perspective is the fruit of hope.
Haruki Murakami, The Elephant Vanishes|True, luck may rule over parts of a person's life and luck may cast patches of shadow across the ground of our being, but where there's a WILL-- much less a strong will to swim thirty laps or run twenty kilometers -- there's a way to overcome most any trouble with whatever stepladders you have around.
Sara Lowe, Healing, Finding Truth Among the Mysteries|He must have lit up the sky that day on the mountain, what we call the transfiguration.Jesus on the mountaintop unveiled a foretaste of heaven and glory. Light filled him so that the witnesses remarked on a hue of white that was whiter than any shade possible.It was a sci-fi transportation to another dimension and while Peter and John were still reeling, Moses and Elijah showed up. It broke the barrier between heaven and earth for Jesus was the one who could belong to both at the same time. A citizen of heaven, a citizen of earth.
Zachary Frerichs|Reading and writing is an escape for me. Where I can imagine and become who I want to be when I want to be. Where I want to be, it's just a matter of having the imagination to do so!
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|There were three, very large males standing above her, staring. She started from left to right. Big green-eyed male, big green-eyed male and, hey, lookie there, another big green-eyed male. Dear gods. Did I fall so hard that now I am seeing three of them?
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, The Haunted Baronet And Others: Ghost Stories 1861-70|Places change imperceptibly – in detail, at least – a good deal,' said the Doctor, making an effort to keep up a conversation that plainly would not go on itself; 'and people too; population shifts – there's an old fellow, sir, they call Death.
Mary Catherine Bateson, Composing a Further Life: The Age of Active Wisdom|You do know, I hope, that no man under the age of forty can even approach fascinating.
Paulo Coelho, The Witch Of Portobello|You need to remember that. If you’re to have decent lives, you have to know who you are and what lies ahead of you, every one of you.
Jacques S Cantin|All philosophic propositions, every attempt to think including all acts of oral or written articulation of an argument and metaphorically expressed ideas, are subject to the dynamics and limitations of human language. The spoken thought is only part of any philosophic message; the other part is unsaid because it is unsayable. The crux of any philosophic proposition reverberates in the echo of silence, the thought that lies in-between the lines.
Gordon Livingston|Only bad things happen quickly, . . . Virtually all the happiness-producing processes in our lives take time, usually a long time: learning new things, changing old behaviors, building satisfying relationships, raising children. This is why patience and determination are among life’s primary virtues. 
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible: Volume 2|True faith in God through Jesus Christ, must be manifested with fearless spirit and obedience to God's law. Joshua 1:1-11
Abraham Lincoln|In great contests each party claims to act in accordance with the will of God. Both may be, and one must be wrong. God cannot be for, and against the same thing at the same time.
Deyth Banger|You are afraid to lose, you don't react, you are afraid of the horror of something which can be brutal killings and such... You are prepared to a victim I can said from here!
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|(Witness also that when we talk about literature, we do so in the present tense. When we speak of the dead, we are not so kind.) You do not immortalize the lost by writing about them. Language buries, but does not resurrect.
Jeff Dixon|Be on guard. The road widens, and many of the detours are seductive.
Hans-Hermann Hoppe, A Theory of Socialism and Capitalism: Economics, Politics, and Ethics|All good Heroes are scared, if they know the evil they face.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Whatever you can visualize, you can possess it.
Helen Hayes|Whatever you vividly imagine, ardently desire, sincerely believe, and enthusiastically act upon... must inevitably come to pass!
Edith Head|I go home and stay there. I wash and scrub up each day, and that's it. One month I actually grew a moustache, just so I could say that I'd done something.
Dada Bhagwan|No living being can ever “hitch” another living being. If one were able to “hitch” another, then we can say that the principle of this world is false! In this world, no one being is a superior over another.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Take ACTION! When we DO NOT take action, our potentiality becomes the soil that houses the seeds of our regret.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|I sense love, beauty and power and know I am supported by unseen beings of light.
Pooja Ruprell|Faith determines your destiny, not your reality.
Berry Gordy|Over the years I've learnt to live with two persons in my heart. One is Edson, who has fun with his friends and family; the other is the football player Pele. I didn't want the name. 'Pele' sounds like baby-talk in Portuguese.
James Madison, Letters and Other Writings of James Madison Volume 3|People get used to anything. The less you think about your oppression, the more your tolerance for it grows. After a while, people just think oppression is the normal state of things. But to become free, you have to be acutely aware of being a slave.
Bertrand Russell, A History of Western Philosophy|The physical method becomes a philosophy when it asserts there is no higher knowledge than the empirical knowledge of scientific phenomena. The mathematical method becomes a philosophy when it asserts that some higher knowledge is needed to explain scientific facts, and that higher knowledge is mathematics.
Rhoda Belleza, Empress of a Thousand Skies|If all we are is what people think we are, then we're all screwed.
Ziad K. Abdelnour|Look, I can appreciate this. I was young too, I felt just like you. Hated authority, hated all my bosses, thought they were full of shit. Look, it's like they say, if you're not a rebel by the age of 20, you got no heart, but if you haven't turned establishment by 30, you've got no brains. Because there are no story-book romances, no fairy-tale endings. So before you run out and change the world, ask yourself, "What do you really want?
Christopher Fry|THOMAS												GuiltyOf mankind. I have perpetrated human nature. My father and mother were accessories before the fact, But there’ll be no accessories after the fact, By my virility there won’t! Just see me As I am, like a perambulating Vegetable, patched with inconsequential Hair, looking out of two small jellies for the meansOf life, balanced on folding bones, my sexNo Beauty but a blemish to be hiddenBehind judicious rags, driven and scorched By boomerang rages and lunacies which neverTouch the accommodating artichokeOr the seraphic strawberry beaming in its bed:I defend myself against pain and death by painAnd death, and make the world go round, they tell meBy one of my less lethal appetites:Half this grotesque life I spend in a state Of slow decomposition, using The name of unconsidered God as a pedestal On which I stand and bray that I’m bestOf beasts, until under some patientMoon or other I fall to pieces, Like a cake of dung. Is there a slut would Hold this in her arms and put her lips against it?JENNETSluts are only human. By a quirkOf unastonished nature, your obscene Decaying figure of vegetable funCan drag upon a woman’s heart, as thoughHeaven were dragging up the roots of hell. What is to be done? Something compels us into The terrible fallacy that man is desirable and there’s no escaping into truth. The crimesAnd cruelties leave us longing, and campaigning Love still pitches his tent of light amongThe suns and moons. You may be decay and a platitudeOf flesh, but I have no other such memory of life. You may be corrupt as ancient applies, well thenCorruption is what I most willingly harvest. You are Evil, Hell, the Father of Lies; if soHell is my home and my days of good were a holiday:Hell is my hill and the world slopes away from itInto insignificance. I have come suddenlyUpon my heart and where it is I see no help for.
N. R. Narayana Murthy|If we make it national policy that we will support small farmers the way we support agribusiness, we'll suddenly see it change in terms of the cost of organic food.
Forest Whitaker|I always thought I would be a teacher. And I think I actually lived up to my initial dreams, because what I do now is teach millions and millions of people many different kinds of things.
Deirdre-Elizabeth Parker, The Fugitive's Doctor|Do we really mean it when we say ‘in sickness and in health, for richer or for poorer, until death do us part or do we add a silent clause, ‘unless you shame me or disappoint me?’ What is the cost of unconditional love and how capable are we of giving that?
Arthur Schopenhauer|How is it possible that suffering that is neither my own nor of my concern should immediately affect me as though it were my own, and with such force that is moves me to action?
Alan Kinross, Longinus The Vampire: Babylon|Time after time, they brought each other to new heights of ecstasy, until finally, they lay spent in each others arms in the quiet peace and contentment that only lovers know.
Gudjon Bergmann, The Meditating Psychiatrist Who Tried to Kill Himself|When the patient began speaking, Robert continued, he sounded unlike any person I have ever met before. Sure, his actions signaled that he was crazy, but his presence… Jessica, his presence was like what I imagine it would be to be close to a holy person or a spiritual master. I mean, that is really the only conclusion I can come to.And the holy guy tried to kill himself? Come on Robert. That just sounds ridiculous.
Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan|And because the condition of man . . . is a condition of war of every one against every one, in which case every one is governed by his own reason, and there is nothing he can make use of that may not be a help unto him in preserving his life against his enemies; it followeth that in such a condition every man has a right to every thing, even to one another's body. And therefore, as long as this natural right of every man to every thing endureth, there can be no security to any man, how strong or wise soever he be, of living out the time which nature ordinarily alloweth men to live. And consequently it is a precept, or general rule of reason: that every man ought to endeavour peace, as far as he has hope of obtaining it; and when he cannot obtain it, that he may seek and use all helps and advantages of war. The first branch of which rule containeth the first and fundamental law of nature, which is: to seek peace and follow it. The second, the sum of the right of nature, which is: by all means we can to defend ourselves.
Joseph O'Neill, Netherland|There was another silence. I felt, above all, tired. Tiredness: if there was a constant symptom of the disease in our lives at this time, it was tiredness. At work we were unflagging; at home the smallest gesture of liveliness was beyond us. Mornings we awoke into a malign weariness that seemed only to have refreshed itself overnight.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|Oh, something is there, waiting for me. Perhaps someday the revelation will burst in upon me and I will see the other side of this monumental grotesque joke. And then I'll laugh. And then I'll know what life is.
Delilah|At the School of Visual Arts in New York, you can get your degree in Net art, which is really a fantastic way of thinking of theater in new ways.
Terri Windling, Mirror, Mirror on the Wall: Women Writers Explore Their Favorite Fairy Tales|Madame d'Aulnoy is the true mother of the modern fairy tale. She invented the modern Court of Fairyland, with its manners, its fairies, its queens, its amorous, its cruel, its good, its evil, its odious, its friendly fées.
Mike Krieger|I think we all have a dream of what it would be like not to work and grow heirloom tomatoes, and I do have that dream. It would be lovely. I do love gardening and all of that, but I do love my work.
Chris   Howard, Rootless|I wouldn't give ten gallons of my own piss for clear sentence that gives the sense of a tree as a tree, when I revel in the nonsense of its being my own Grandfather, a letter from yesterday, or a masturbating fist.
Rachael Wade, Declaration|Emma has it wrong. You don’t ditch your men, you kill them.”“I won’t kill you.” She stepped in front of me and took my hand, watching me take the last drag of my cigarette. “I like you too much.
Maya Lin|And when an architect has designed a house with large windows, which is a necessity today in order to pull the daylight into these very deep houses, then curtains come to play a big role in architecture.
Malak El Halabi|You taste like the last drop of whiskeyat 3 amafter a lousy daylike the first gulp of coffee on a Monday sipped behind a deskhot and bitterlike the burning at the back of the throatafter the first cigaretteYou taste, boy oh boy, like my next mistake.
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|A breath?" she asked. She didn't want to kiss just any wooden man. He looked nice enough, but he might not be like his looks. A kiss seemed very forward. He might remember it, and make assumptions.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|During my school years, I was never a brilliant student, but just an average one, with only above average level of curiosity.
David Livingstone|And lo I am with you always, even to the very end of the age.
Ben Fountain, Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk|They must talk to each other directly, Ender, mind to mind. What one thinks, another can also think; what one remembers, another can also re-member. Why would they ever develop language? Why would they ever learn to read and write? How would they know what reading and writing were if they saw them? Or signals? Or numbers? Or anything that we use to communicate? This isn’t just a matter of translating from one language to another. They don’t have a language at all. We used every means we could think of to communicate with them, but they don’t even have the machinery to know we’re signaling. And maybe they’ve been trying to think to us, and they can’t understand why we don’t respond.
Elizabeth Camden, The Lady of Bolton Hill|Music could do that, create a magical oasis where nothing else mattered except hearing the next line of the score.
Megan Abbott|A child, obeying his father and mother, goes wherever he is told, east or west, south or north. And the yin and yang - how much more are they to a man than father or mother! Now that they have brought me to the verge of death, if I should refuse to obey them, how perverse I would be! What fault is it of theirs? The Great Clod burdens me with form, labors me with life, eases me in old age, and rests me in death. So if I think well of my life, for the same reason I must think well of my death. When a skilled smith is casting metal, if the metal should leap up and say, 'I insist upon being made into a Moye!' he would surely regard it as very inauspicious metal indeed. Now, having had the audacity to take on human form once, if I should say, 'I don't want to be anything but a man! Nothing but a man!', the Creator would surely regard me as a most inauspicious sort of person. So now I think of heaven and earth as a great furnace, and the Creator as a skilled smith. Where could he send me that would not be all right? I will go off to sleep peacefully, and then with a start I will wake up.
Agnostic Zetetic|Fighting makes us feel alive, until it kills us. If it doesn’t kill us, the pain of sitting alone with ourselves, quietly, under constant assault by our own thoughts and memories of war can easily be enough to make us wish we’d died in battle instead.
Debasish Mridha|To improve someone's life, don't reprimand but find the opportunity to appreciate and encourage.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Gambler|Sometimes it happens that the most insane thought, the most impossible conception, will become so fixed in one's head that at length one believes the thought or the conception to be reality. Moreover, if with the thought or the conception there is combined a strong, a passionate, desire, one will come to look upon the said thought or conception as something fated, inevitable, and foreordained—something bound to happen. Whether by this there is connoted something in the nature of a combination of presentiments, or a great effort of will, or a self-annulment of one's true expectations, and so on, I do not know;
Maggie Nelson|Know that when I kiss your foreheadand not your lips it is to let you knowthat I kiss your dreams, your imagination and your intellect.When I kiss your lips you will know that I will be appealing to your body,asking to consummate desire and passion that overwhelms us leaving our souls breathless.
Debasish Mridha|Even in the cloudy sky, the sun never forgets to rise.
Rachel Van Dyken, Toxic|I felt angry, frustrated.I felt I didn't belong, not in my,church, not in my home, not in my skin.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|We are pathfinders on a mission, Beholders following the Light, Runners gunning for the prize and Fighters remaining focused...You have been described, do not accept any other description!
Mollie Marti|Lineage, personality, and environment may shape you, but they do not define your full potential.
Emma Rose Kraus, A Blue One|So ask me if I am alright.'I’m fine; I’m always fine.'You see this look in my eyes.'No, I’m fine. I am always fine.'There is a corpse behind my smile.'Listen, I am fine. Always, always fine as fine can be.''Are you okay?''I am more than okay. I am more than fine. I am wonderful!
Laurie Perez, Breakthrough: How to Have Compassion for Those Who Do Harm|Feeling compassion toward a dangerous person will not lead you to submit to them or put yourself at risk or condone their actions. What it does simply, is relieve your anxiety – which immediately makes you stronger and more resilient.
Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem|Of course the activists—not those whose thinking had become rigid, but those whose approach to revolution was imaginatively anarchic—had long ago grasped the reality which still eluded the press: we were seeing something important. We were seeing the desperate attempt of a handful of pathetically unequipped children to create a community in a social vacuum. Once we had seen these children, Ave could no longer overlook the vacuum, no longer pretend that the society’s atomization could be reversed. This was not a traditional generational rebellion. At some point between 1945 and 1967 we had somehow neglected to tell these children the rules of the game we happened to be playing. Maybe we had stopped believing in the rules ourselves, maybe we were having a failure of nerve about the game. Maybe there were just too few people around to do the telling. These were children who grew up cut loose from the web of cousins and great-aunts and family doctors and lifelong neighbors who had traditionally suggested and enforced the society’s values. They are children who have moved around a lot, San Jose, Chula Vista, here. They are less in rebellion against the society than ignorant of it, able only to feed back certain of its most publicized self-doubts, Vietnam, Saran-Wrap, diet pills, the Bomb.They feed back exactly what is given them. Because they do not believe in words—words are for “typeheads,” Chester Anderson tells them, and a thought which needs words is just one more of those ego trips—their only proficient vocabulary is in the society’s platitudes. As it happens I am still committed to the idea that the ability to think for one’s self depends upon one’s mastery of the language, and I am not optimistic about children who will settle for saying, to indicate that their mother and father do not live together, that they come from “a broken home.” They are sixteen, fifteen, fourteen years old, younger all the time, an army of children waiting to be given the words.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks & Essays on the Writer, the Reader & the Imagination|Critics and academics have been trying for forty years to bury the greatest work of imaginative fiction in English. They ignore it, they condescend to it, they stand in large groups with their backs to it - because they're afraid of it. They're afraid of dragons. They have Smaugophobia. "Oh those awful Orcs," they bleat, flocking after Edmund Wilson. They know if they acknowledge Tolkien they'll have to admit that fantasy can be literature, and that therefore they'll have to redefine what literature is. And they're too damned lazy to do it.
Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton|Well, Southerners like to eat well. You see, it's an event when it's done right.
Nina Auerbach|If you knew what I was, Ash, you would not like me either.
Yōko Ogawa, The Housekeeper and the Professor|You mean you live down here?' Matilda asked.'I do', Miss Honey replied, but she said no more.Matilda had never once stopped to think about where Miss Honey might be living. She had always regarded her purely as a teacher, a person who turned up out of nowhere and taught at school and then went away again.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|The more mental effort he made the clearer he saw that it was undoubtedly so: that he had really forgotten and overlooked one little circumstance in life - that Death would come and end everything, so that it was useless to begin anything, and that there was no help for it, Yes it was terrible but true
Stephanie Archer, The Vampire Games|You’re sweet to humor me."He nearly choked on a fry. There was the sweet again. He should have killed someone this week; that would have taken care of that.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|all may not be well but, sometimes, things that seem so uncanny are what shield and protect us from the worst situations in life.
Ka Hancock, Dancing on Broken Glass|I know the difference between sadness and depression. Clinical depression has no source from which it springs-it just is. Intractable sadness has nothing to do with synapses, or brain chemistry, or essential salts, it's born of something. It's the product of injustice and helplessness. It can be anesthetized, I suppose, but it's there, unaltered, when the medication wears off, like an intruder who has broken into your house and is still there every morning when you wake up.Given the choice, I would rather be depressed. I've come back from depression.
Michelle M. Pillow, Love Potions|He kissed the corner of her lips before whispering by her ear, “And that was just my hand, love.
Ilsa Bick|With no sense of smell, your memories dropped like pennies out of a ripped pocket, until the past was ashes and your parents were blanks: nothing more than the holes in Swiss cheese.
Debasish Mridha|In the distant golden sunset sky, a magnificent rainbow is opening wings to fly.
Robert Lynd|He is quiet and small, he is blackFrom his ears to the tip of his tail;He can creep through the tiniest crackHe can walk on the narrowest rail.He can pick any card from a pack,He is equally cunning with dice;He is always deceiving you into believingThat he's only hunting for mice.He can play any trick with a corkOr a spoon and a bit of fish-paste;If you look for a knife or a forkAnd you think it is merely misplaced -You have seen it one moment, and then it is gawn!But you'll find it next week lying out on the lawn.And we all say: OH!Well I never!Was there everA Cat so cleverAs Magical Mr. Mistoffelees!
Ranata Suzuki|…the sad part is, that I will probably end up loving you without you for much longer than I loved you when I knew you.Some people might find that strange.But the truth of it is that the amount of love you feel for someone and the impact they have on you as a person, is in no way relative to the amount of time you have known them.
Donna Goddard|We are spiritual beings - indestructible, immaterial and safe.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Her eyes are shining; she’s excited now, ready to go. For a moment, standing in the fuzzy haze of sunlight still penetrating the blinds, she appears to be glowing, as though lit up by some internal flame. And now I know why they invented words for love, why they had to: It’s the only thing that can come close to describing what I feel in that moment, the baffling mixture of pain and pleasure and fear and joy, all running sharply through me at once.
Dale Ludwig|In every one of your relationships, you are on a continuum between intimacy and separation. You stand on a slide that tilts you toward either intimacy or separateness. Exactly where you stand at any given moment is the result of your decisions, your feelings, how you handle situations, and the way you and the other person communicate.
David Letterman|I have a funny mental framework when I do physics. I create an imaginary audience in my head to explain things to - it is part of the way I think. For me, teaching and explaining, even to my imaginary audience, is part of the process.
Ally Condie, Reached|Writing, painting, singing--it cannot stop everything. Cannot halt death in its tracks. But perhaps it can make the pause between death's footsteps sound and look and feel beautiful, can make the space of waiting a place where you can linger without as much fear. For we are all walking each other to our deaths, and the journey there between footsteps makes up our lives.
Anthony Biglan, The Nurture Effect: How the Science of Human Behavior Can Improve Our Lives and Our World|Just as we have created a society in which it would be unthinkable to light up a cigarette in the Kennedy Center lobby, we can create a society where it is unthinkable that a child suffers abuse, fails in school, becomes delinquent, or faces teasing and bullying. We could have a society in which diverse people and organizations work together to ensure that families, schools, workplaces, and neighborhoods are nurturing and that our capitalistic system functions to benefit everyone.
Søren Kierkegaard|Adversity draws men together and produces beauty and harmony in life's relationships, just as the cold of winter produces ice-flowers on the window-panes, which vanish with the warmth.
Evander Holyfield|There may be people who have more talent than you, but there's no excuse for anyone to work harder than you do - and I believe that.
M.H. DuMond|With out freedom nothing has value, Free agency is the only true key to happiness.
Eugène Ionesco|The light of memory, or rather the light that memory lends to things, is the palest light of all. I am not quite sure whether I am dreaming or remembering, whether I have lived my life or dreamed it. Just as dreams do, memory makes me profoundly aware of the unreality, the evanescence of the world, a fleeting image in the moving water.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Life's Complex Journey|To be careless in making decisions is to naively believe that a single decision impacts nothing more than that single decision, for a single decision can spawn a thousand others that were entirely unnecessary or it can bring peace to a thousand places we never knew existed.
Jimmy Swaggart|Remember before nineteen seventy two Olympic Games I was total skinny, I was small, very strong, they may be don't like to see a gymnastics like that. I don't know but, gymnastics, might. Nineteen seventy two supposed to be change somewhere.
Mitsugi Saotome|If you were all alone in the universe with no one to talk to, no one with which to share the beauty of the stars, to laugh with, to touch, what would be your purpose in life? It is other life; it is love, which gives your life meaning. This is harmony. We must discover the joy of each other, the joy of challenge, the joy of growth.
Tony Robbins|A sprinkle of magic, a ton of fun, a heap of optimism, a lot of joy, a glimmer of hope – ’tis the gift of the Happy Rosy Day gratitude journal.
Justina Chen, North of Beautiful|What swells inside me is a love so boundless, I am the sunrise and sunset. I am Liberty Bell in the Cascades. I am Beihai Lake. I am every beautiful, truly beautiful, thing I've ever seen, captured in my personal Geographia, the atlas of myself.
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|Sex for pleasure, for fun, or even for building relationships is completely absent from our national conversation. Yet taking the joy out of sexuality is a surefire way to ensure not that young women won't have sex, but rather that they'll have it without pleasure.
Tobias Jones, The Dark Heart of Italy|Culture primarily witnesses the absence of meaning, not it's presence.
Elizabeth Heiter, Police Protector|My gut is telling me you're innocent." His gaze went to the gun and then back to her face. "Relatively innocent.
David Graeber, Debt: The First 5,000 Years|In this way the world market is, with regard to its immanent dynamic, 'a space in which everyone has once been a productive labourer, and in which labour has everywhere begun to price itself out of the system'.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|Everyones' worst problems weigh the same, and it's up to you how heavy that weight is and how much you let it drag you down.
Dada Bhagwan|There is endless happiness in this world, but provided one knows the science behind it! ‘Science’ can give happiness. You have become disillusioned; the wrong belief has set in and that is why you are unhappy. When the wrong belief leaves and the ‘right belief’ sets in, there is nothing but happiness.
Douglas MacArthur|This does not mean that you are warmongers. On the contrary, the soldier above all other people prays for peace, for he must suffer and bear the deepest wounds and scars of war. But always in our ears ring the ominous words of Plato, that wisest of all philosophers: "Only the dead have seen the end of war.
Saaif Alam|If you feel rejected by others, do not deprive yourself. There will always be someone who will accept of who you are and your hopes would be fulfilled if you are persistent with yourself.
Yann Martel|Let that be a reminder to you that the past is one thing, but what we make of it, the conclusions we draw, is another. History can be many things, depending on how we read it, just as the future can be many things, depending on how we live it. There is no inevitability to any historical occurrence, only what people will allow to take place. And it is by dreaming first that we get to new realities.
Julius Lester|Its hardness and solidity had been an odd kind of comfort. Do not wish for anything. Be and endure. The Old African had learned that enduring was power too, and just as he had been drawn to the boulder, so the slaves, after a while, were drawn to him.
Kristen Callihan, Firelight|There were lies, and there were lies. Was a secret a lie? If one wanted to protect another?
Eric Topol|We're all essentially surgically connected to our smartphones, and we're still in the early stages of realizing their medical potential. But they should be a real threat to the medical profession.
C.G. Faulkner, Unreconstructed|I’d prefer ‘Bonnie Blue Flag’, if you take requests…” Tom had turned and rested his elbows on the bar. His hand was inches from the Colt. These were the men he was looking for.
Sam Keen, Fire in the Belly: On Being a Man|Burnout is nature's way of telling you, you've been going through the motions your soul has departed; you're a zombie, a member of the walking dead, a sleepwalker. False optimism is like administrating stimulants to an exhausted nervous system.
Mahatma Gandhi|To my mind, the life of a lamb is no less precious than that of a human being.
Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations|At the core of your heart, you are perfect and pure. No one and nothing can alter that.
Gabriel García Márquez, In Evil Hour|A lost bird appeared in the court and was half an hour jumping around between the spikenard. It sang a progressive note, rising an octave at a time, until it became so acute that it was necessary to imagine it.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|Writing a novel is a terrible experience, during which the hair often falls out and the teeth decay. I'm always irritated by people who imply that writing fiction is an escape from reality. It is a plunge into reality and it's very shocking to the system.
Donna Grant, Passion Ignites|His head lowered as he brushed his nose against hers. "Tell me to stop. Please, Lexi, because I can no' do it on my own."	She put her hands on each side of his face. "Don't ever stop."	He issued a groan before he took her mouth again.
Michael Spencer, Mere Churchianity: Finding Your Way Back to Jesus-Shaped Spirituality|Jesus never asked me to give to an organization the kind of exclusive devotion he demands from his disciples. Over and over, Jesus calls people to himself - out of the church, the culture, the economy, and the family.
Terence McKenna|The creative act is a letting down of the net of human imagination into the ocean of chaos on which we are suspended, and the attempt to bring out of it ideas.It is the night sea journey, the lone fisherman on a tropical sea with his nets, and you let these nets down - sometimes, something tears through them that leaves them in shreds and you just row for shore, and put your head under your bed and pray. At other times what slips through are the minutiae, the minnows of this ichthyological metaphor of idea chasing.But, sometimes, you can actually bring home something that is food, food for the human community that we can sustain ourselves on and go forward.
Morgan Rhodes, Frozen Tides|Is this your girl?" she asks, not waiting for an answer. "She's breathtaking.""You're my new favorite person," Billie giggles.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|What good was speaking when I'd determined none of the world listened to one another, especially not when a woman was speaking.
Clémentine Beauvais, Piglettes|I don’t understand why you insist on calling yourselves Three Little Piglettes,” Mum groans. “It’s a horrible name.”“We’ll make it beautiful, you’ll see. Or better, we’ll make it powerful.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The First Circle|Above everything else I've done, I've always said I've had more guts than I've got talent.
Michele McKnight Baker, Soldier's Heart|Lord bless this land, and all who inhabit it. Bless the earth. 'Tis borrowed from you after all. Let the work be fit worship to You. Grant us safety as we work. Grant us favor against any untoward spirits. Jealousy. Greed. Bigotry." Chance paused. "Even such as shadows my own heart. Forgive my tresspasses as I forgive.
Emmanuel Dagher, Easy Breezy Miracle: A Powerful, Exciting & Simple Guide to Creating an Extraordinary Life|May Love, Joy and Abundance Rain on Every Being in the World.
E'yen A. Gardner|First learn to dream big, then the possibilities will follow by itself.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|Marriage is a wrestling match where you hold on tight while your mate changes into a hundred different things. The trick is that you're changing into a hundred other things, but you can't let go. You can only try to match up and never turn into a wolf while he's a rabbit, or a mouse while he's still busy being an owl, a brawny black bull while he's a little blue crab scuttling for shelter. It's harder than it sounds.
Idries Shah, The Elephant in the Dark|… when we are talking about 'Christians' and 'Moslems' we must first make sure that we are talking about people who have an idea, which should be more or less correct, as to what the other is supposed to believe and what he is expected to do as a consequence of that belief.
Sunday Adelaja|Discover yourself, discover what God has called you for, and find your place in life, so that you can fulfill God’s purpose for your life
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t procrastinate, start building yourself now!
Frederick Douglass, Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass|I am aware that many object to the severity of my language; but is there not cause for severity? I will be as harsh as truth, and as uncompromising as justice. On this subject, I do not wish to think, or to speak, or write, with moderation. No! no! Tell a man whose house is on fire to give a moderate alarm; tell him to moderately rescue his wife from the hands of the ravisher; tell the mother to gradually extricate her babe from the fire into which it has fallen; — but urge me not to use moderation in a cause like the present. I am in earnest — I will not equivocate — I will not excuse — I will not retreat a single inch — AND I WILL BE HEARD.
P.D. James, The Children of Men|Charm is often despised but I can never see why. No one has it who isn't capable of genuinely liking others, at least at the actual moment of meeting and speaking. Charm is always genuine; it may be superficial but it isn't false.
Brendon Urie|Veterans report that service dogs help break their isolation. People will often avert their eyes when they see a wounded veteran. But when the veteran has a dog, the same people will come up and say, 'Hi' to pet the dog and then strike up a conversation.
Cory Booker|We are a society that treats people with disabilities with condescension and pity, not dignity and respect.
Eric Greitens, The Heart and the Fist: The Education of a Humanitarian, the Making of a Navy SEAL|Take care of your people" is one of the principle lessons of military leadership. If we take care of our people on deployment, why should that change when we come home?
Simone de Beauvoir|But I was brought up on convent morals and paternal nationalism, I was getting bogged down in contradictions.
Pete Docter|Whatever I lack in size and strength and speed, I kind of make up for in being grittier. When it comes to something like basketball I'm definitely not the best guy on the court, but I love elbowing and pushing people out or boxing them out.
Nancy Isenberg, White Trash: The 400-Year Untold History of Class in America|To sell something familiar, make it surprising. To sell something surprising, make it familiar.
Edmund Spenser, Amoretti and Epithalamion|Men call you fayre, and you doe credit it,For that your self ye daily such doe see:But the trew fayre, that is the gentle wit,And vertuous mind, is much more praysd of me.For all the rest, how ever fayre it be,Shall turne to nought and loose that glorious hew:But onely that is permanent and freeFrom frayle corruption, that doth flesh ensew.That is true beautie: that doth argue youTo be divine and borne of heavenly seed:Deriv'd from that fayre Spirit, from whom al trueAnd perfect beauty did at first proceed.He onely fayre, and what he fayre hath made,All other fayre lyke flowres untymely fade.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|When you compare yourself against someone else, you always lose.
Henry David Thoreau, Civil Disobedience|Sentimentality about Lee's story grew even as the harder truths of the book took no root. The story of an innocent black man bravely defended by a white lawyer in the 1930s fascinated millions of readers, despite its uncomfortable exploration of false accusations of rape involving a white woman. Lee's endearing characters, Atticus Finch and his precocious daughter, Scout, captivated readers while confronting them with some of the realities of race and justice in the South. A generation of future lawyers grew up hoping to become the courageous Atticus, who at one point arms himself to protect the defenseless black suspect from an angry mob of white men looking to lync
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Can a man still be brave if he’s afraid?”“That is the only time a man can be brave,
Michael Pena|Acting is an imaginative exercise. It would be odd if you didn't try to identify with the roles you play, but I think I can differentiate between where my imagination is leading me and where I actually am.
Greg Bear, Blood Music|Amalie took his hand and spread it against her heart. Her smile was utterly tranquil. 'The world changes and the world stays the same', she told him, ... 'The old moon sets. New moon rises.
Pat Conroy, My Reading Life|Good writing is the hardest form of thinking. It involves the agony of turning profoundly difficult thoughts into lucid form, then forcing them into the tight-fitting uniform of language, making them visible and clear. If the writing is good, then the result seems effortless and inevitable. But when you want to say something life-changing or ineffable in a single sentence, you face both the limitations of the sentence itself and the extent of your own talent.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Quips Quotes and Quandaries|My definition for GOD that works for me is “Pure Energy, Supreme Consciousness.” The highest resolution of pure energy we use is the sensation we call “love.
Tim Federle, The Great American Whatever|Learn to use your third eye and you’ll be able to see beyond the sky. There is no limit, except that which you impose upon yourself.
Vish Dhamija, Bhendi Bazaar|What better weapon than the human brain? The human brain was Mrs Twartski's and Wiezenslowski's domain. The children who were used were the castaways of the United States government, like dogs abandoned and a vet's office. Mrs. Twartski read the letter out loud, slowly and carefully enunciating every word in her thick Polish accent. The German scientists were looking for children who could learn quickly, were between ages four and twelve, and could withstand being famished without dying. Deutschland were paying dollar $50,000 per subject. Everyone in living room exactly Mrs. Twartski and all my aunts let out a huge "Ahhh". My sister's and my eyes grew wide because we had no idea what this meant or why the adults were so excited. Then my sister's eyes narrowed as if she knew something that I didn't yet, as if she had just figured something out.
Sharon Salzberg, Lovingkindness: The Revolutionary Art of Happiness|Ask yourself, 'who is the one suffering from this anger? The person who has harmed me has gone on to live their life (or perhaps has died), while I am the one sitting here feeling the persecution, burning and constriction of anger. Out of compassion for myself, to ease my own heart, may I let go.
Epicurus|I was not, I was, I am not, I care not. (Non fui, fui, non sum, non curo)
Cassandra Clare, The Bane Chronicles|Prim, let go," I say harshly, because this is upsetting me and I don't want to cry. When they televise the replay of the reapings tonight, everyone will make note of my tears, and I'll be marked as an easy target. A weakling. I will give no one that satisfaction.
Karl Lagerfeld|Fashion is ephemeral, dangerous and unfair.
Auliq Ice|If this planet is to be transformed for the better, then we as individuals must first transform ourselves.
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|The supermarket is still open; it won't close till midnight. It is brilliantly bright. Its brightness offers sanctuary from loneliness and the dark. You could spend hours of your life here, in a state of suspended insecurity, meditating on the multiplicity of things to eat. Oh dear, there is so much! So many brands in shiny boxes, all of them promising you good appetite. Every article on the shelves cries out to you, take me, take me; and the mere competition of their appeals can make you imagine yourself wanted, even loved. But beware - when you get back to your empty room, you'll find that the false flattering elf of the advertisement has eluded you; what remains is only cardboard, cellophane and food. And you have lost the heart to be hungry.
Jennifer A. Nielsen, A Night Divided|…but it is in despair that the most burning pleasures occur, especially when one is all too highly conscious of the hopelessness of one’s position.
Jude Law|As a famous person you think how you're gonna end it, get away and have a normal life.
Gregory Maguire, A Lion Among Men|Your childhood," said Yackle coaxingly, as if she could smell his thoughts. As if she could sniff out those passages he hadn't chosen to retail at drink parties. Her words lulled him. The past, even a bitter past, is usually more pungent than the present, or at least better organized in the mind.
Calloway North, Her Milky Toll|Chase grabbed Joey’s neck and hauled him into a kiss. Oh shit. Not again. It didn’t matter how many times it had been wrong, he still wanted to believe it. Wanted to believe it when he kissed a guy and everything inside said him. It had been wrong about Mark and Noah and Jorge and Tom and the whole list going right back to kissing Eduardo under the bleachers in tenth grade. Or maybe before. When he’d been three and told his mom he was going to marry his best friend Cody.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|As an associate at McKinsey & Company, my first assignment was on a team that consisted of a male senior engagement manager (SEM) and two other male associates, Abe Wu and Derek Holley. When the SEM wanted to talk to Abe or Derek, he would walk over to their desks. When he wanted to talk to me, he would sit at his desk and shout, "Sandberg, get over here!" with the tone one might use to call a child or, even worse, a dog. It made me cringe every time. I never said anything, but one day Abe and Derek started calling each other "Sandberg" in that same loud voice. The self-absorbed SEM never seemed to notice. They kept it up. When having too many Sandbergs got confusing, they decided we needed to differentiate. Abe started calling himself "Asian Sandberg," Derek dubbed himself "good-looking Sandberg," and I became "Sandberg Sandberg." My colleagues turned an awful situation into one where I felt protected. They stood up for me and made me laugh. They were the best mentors I could have had.
Evy Michaels|You were born to be among the advisors and thinkers, the spiritual and moral leaders for your society. There is every reason for pride.
Andrew Porter, The Theory of Light and Matter|Dragons weep, Shadows leaps, King sleeps. Dragon takes, Shadows breaks, King wakes.
Neel Burton|The irony is, nothing is more frightening than being frightened.
Martin Luther King Jr.|It may be true that the law cannot make a man love me, but it can stop him from lynching me, and I think that's pretty important.
John Jackson Miller, A New Dawn|We are game-playing, fun-having creatures, we are the otters of the universe.
Kristan Higgins, Somebody to Love|Valkyrie Cain got out of the passenger side. She zipped upher black jacket against the cold, and joined Skulduggery as hewalked up to the front door. She glanced at him, and saw that he was smiling."Stop doing that,” she sighed.“Stop doing what?” Skulduggery responded in that gloriously velvet voice of his.“Stop smiling. The person we want to talk to lives in the only dark house on a bright street. That’s not a good sign.”“I didn’t realise I was smiling,” he said. They stopped at the door, and Skulduggery made a concerted effort to shift his features. His mouth twitcheddownwards. “Am I smiling now?”“No.”“Excellent,” he said, and the smile immediately sprang back up.
Dianna Hardy, Cry Of The Wolf|She waited for him with shallow breaths, head thrown back, eyes half closed, completely exposed in her trust of him, and it unravelled the last thread holding him together.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Positive life, positive actions.
Jason Day|I like to buy girls shoes and jewelry. I buy stupidly expensive shoes. I got Louboutins for my mom and my girlfriend before. My mom was like, 'I can't wear these; they're too high.' I was like, 'Mom, you have to try them - they're so cool. They're red snakeskin!' She still wears them every so often, but she can't walk in them.
R. N. Prasher|My Ten Commandments:1. God is a verb, not a noun.2. Prayers are important only if they lead to corresponding actions.3. Creation is an art. Science provides the tools for the artist. Anybody with the tools is not necessarily an artist.4. Religion involves exclusivity and superiority. Divinity is inclusive and involves humility.5. God by definition should be omnipotent. He should not require intermediation by priests and prophets.6. All prophets have displayed exclusivity and superiority. (Refer to #4 above)7. Rituals involve intermediation and often cruelty towards other fellows of creation. 8. Inclusivity and humility towards all creations of God is divine.9. Rituals are antithesis of the divine. Rituals indicate a god and his intermediaries who are greedy, arrogant, revengeful and cruel.10. God exists only for increasing happiness of all creatures.
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|We Pashtuns love shoes but don't love the cobbler; we love our scarves and blankets but do not respect the weaver. Manual workers made a great contribution to our society but received no recognition, and this is the reason so many of them joined the Taliban—to finally achieve status and power.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|He was one of the numerous and varied legion of dullards, of half-animated abortions, conceited, half-educated coxcombs, who attach themselves to the idea most in fashion only to vulgarize it and who caricature every cause they serve, however sincerely.
Marianne Williamson, Tears to Triumph: The Spiritual Journey from Suffering to Enlightenment|Spirituality isn't some quaint stepchild of an intelligent worldview, or the only option for those of us not smart enough to understand the facts of the real world. Spirituality reflects the most sophisticated mindset, and the most powerful force available for the transformation of human suffering.
Thomas C. Foster, How to Read Literature Like a Professor: A Lively and Entertaining Guide to Reading Between the Lines|Real people are made out of a whole lot of things—flesh, bone, blood, nerves, stuff like that. Literary people are made out of words.
Bob Benson|Have you ever wondered how nostalgia isn"t what it used to be?
Seraphim Rose, Nihilism: The Root of the Revolution of the Modern Age|It is of course no secret to contemporary philosophers and psychologists that man himself is changing in our violent century, under the influence, of course, not only of war and revolution, but also of practically everything else that lays claim to being "modern" and "progressive." We have already cited the most striking forms of Nihilist Vitalism, whose cumulative effect has been to uproot, disintegrate, and "mobilize" the individual, to substitute for his normal stability and rootedness a senseless quest for power and movement, and to replace normal human feeling by a nervous excitability. The work of Nihilist Realism, in practice as in theory, has been parallel and complementary to that of Vitalism: a work of standardization, specialization, simplification, mechanization, dehumanization; its effect has been to "reduce" the individual to the most "Primitive" and basic level, to make him in fact the slave of his environment, the perfect workman in Lenin's worldwide "factory.
Sasha Grey|My dad said if you become a tennis professional just make sure you get into the top hundred, because you have to make a little bit of money. You make a living so you can pay your coaching and, you know, your travels.
Anna Timofeeva-Egorova, Over Fields Of Fire: Flying The Sturmovik In Action On The Eastern Front 1942 45|Keep your eyes open and try to catch people in your company doing something right, then praise them for it.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|I am Indonesian. I don't buy fear of western ghosts.But when you deal with a giant garagasi of sumatera,there's no word worth enough to express the eeriness.
Helene Wecker, The Golem and the Jinni|All of us are lonely at some point or another, no matter how many people surround us. And then, we meet someone who seems to understand. She smiles, and for a moment the loneliness disappears. Add to that the effects of physical desire-and the excitement you spoke of-and all good sense and judgement fall away. The Rabbi paused, then said, But love founded only on loneliness and desire will die out before long. A shared history, tradition and values will link two people more thoroughly than any physical act.
Gary Edward Gedall|Quote of the day."Al, for want of anything better to do, is standing nodding his head. This reminds Faron of those stupid dogs that people put in their cars, that when the car moves, the dogs frantically nod their heads, like some demented, freshly graduated psychologist, with their first patients.
Amy Winehouse|To be a good actor you have to be something like a criminal, to be willing to break the rules to strive for something new.
Taylor Mali|By the time these students enter the workforce, many of the jobs they will apply for ill be in industries that don't even exist yet. That's a hard future to prepare someone for. Teachers have their sights set on the real goal: not to produce Ivy League graduates, but to encourage the development of naturally curious, confident, flexible, and happy learners who are ready for whatever the future has in store.
Greg Dutilly|You see, every piece of the puzzle is required to complete the scene, while some have rough edges and some smooth, they all have value. Being grateful for each piece is not always easy, but it is necessary.
Victoria Beckham|If I just do everything the opposite of what my dad did, I think that will make things pretty easy. I can joke about it now because I'm past that stage where it used to hurt. By having a kid, it's gone. I could take all that negative energy that I had and put it in a positive way.
Candace Bushnell, Summer and the City|Fame is a bee.It has a song -It has a sting -Ah, too, it has a wing.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|A little deed done very well is better than a mighty plan kept on paper, undone. Wishes don't change the world; it's actions that do this business!
Bob Feller|You come home, and you party. But after that, you get a hangover. Everything about that is negative.
Harihar D. Naik|far far away, on d moon;a promise was written;seasons will come n go,but i wont change, i will be the same,and I am on the way.But while counting the stars she lost the moon.
Catherine Gilbert Murdock, Dairy Queen|It kind of struck me how great it would be to go out with a guy that size. And if you, you know, got tired of dating him, you could always use him as a house or something.
Brandon Shire, The Value of Rain|Don't be fooled, Clara. No one's new and shiny. Not really.
Tony Kushner, Angels in America, Part One: Millennium Approaches|I guess it all depends on whom you ask and when you ask. Race, I've learned, is in the eye of the beholder.
P.G. Wodehouse, My Man Jeeves|With these words there came the rending scream of a shattered stirk and an angry troubling of the branches as the poor madman percolated through the sieve of a sharp yew, a wailing black meteor hurtling through green clouds, a human prickles.
Chris Dee, Polishing Silver: The Journal of Alfred Pennyworth|Questions that begin ‘If I had/if I had not’ have no true answers. You can never know how your actions may have impacted Master Jason’s fate. And if you could know, that knowledge would not change the past. The only good that can come of these musings is that which you have already found: in taking the lessons of the past, such as they may be, to guide your choices in the present.
Kerry Healey|To get away from poverty, you need several things at the same time: school, health, and infrastructure - those are the public investments. And on the other side, you need market opportunities, information, employment, and human rights.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|I want to sleep with you. Now, tonight, and at any time you may care to call me. I want your naked body, your skin. your mouth, your hands...I want you like an animal...or a whore.
Jeanine Joy Ph D|In America, we have an education system where we mass produce high school and college graduates that leads us into a false sense of security that wise people who came before us figured out what we need to know to have the best possible life and that when we have completed our education that knowledge has been imparted to us.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|You shouldn't expect anyone to give you a vision. A vision is not given, it's created, by you.
J. Michael Straczynski|Understanding is a three edged sword: your side, their side, and the truth.
Alan Forrest Smith, Escape From Zoomanity|Often, when a human suffers through major emotional traumas, a lack of well being follows if their feelings about the trauma are not completely expressed. When the trauma is severe and the suffering is continuous, their animal companion’s condition may deteriorate too.
Victor Hugo|Ian " she said quietly "I'd rather die than go back to you." "Be careful what you ask for you may get what you want.
Rabindranath Tagore|If you want to be thought a liar, always tell the truth.
Leo Tolstoy|There is many a boy here today who looks on war as all glory, but, boys, it is all hell.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Most times, the way isn’t clear, but you want to start anyway. It is in starting with the first step that other steps become clearer.
Linda Hogan, People of the Whale|Making a story from the messy thoughts and half-thoughts in her head, building a world and lives and taking them apart again, fitting the pieces together another way until it feels right, as right as she can make it feel.
Sister Souljah, The Coldest Winter Ever|If you ask me how I want to be remembered, it is as a winner. You know what a winner is? A winner is somebody who has given his best effort, who has tried the hardest they possibly can, who has utilized every ounce of energy and strength within them to accomplish something. It doesn't mean that they accomplished it or failed, it means that they've given it their best. That's a winner.
Sandra Meucci|Rather than standing or speaking for children, we need to stand with children speaking for themselves. We don't need a political movement for children... [we need to] build environments and policies for our collective future.
Noah  Wareness|Why do people kill others just like them with such ferocity simply because they worship a different god? What harm were they doing? People suffer in these wars and dozens, hundreds, thousands, millions even lose their lives. Whatever happened to the survival instinct? One could just about understand the violent battle for wealth or territory but how are we supposed to understand the battle for a belief?
Sri Chinmoy|If we feel inwardly strong, we will have no need or desire to speak ill of others.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Scandalous Desires|Silence cleared her throat, fearful her voice would come out a croak. “Is she asleep?”He blinked as if he, too, were waking from a dream, and glanced down at Mary Darling. “Aye, I’m a-thinkin’ she is—she’s stopped fussin’ at me.”Silence felt a huge smile of relief spread over her face. “She was fussing? Oh, how wonderful!”He shot her a look, one eyebrow arching. “Ye’ve taught the child to bully me, too, now?”“Oh, no,” she said hastily, embarrassed. Did he really think she bullied him? What a silly notion!
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, The Philosophy of History|For faith, properly understood, does not contradict reason in the least; indeed...it is nothing less than the will to keep one's mind fixed precisely on what reason has discovered to it.
Aristotle on the Megalopsychos|He is not prone to remember evils, since it is proper to a magnanimous person not to nurse memories, especially not of evils, but to overlook them. He does not speak evil even of his enemies, except when he responds to their wanton aggression.He especially avoids laments or entreaties about necessities or small matters.
Pliny the Elder|Out of Africa, there is always something new.
Randa Abdel-Fattah, Does My Head Look Big In This?|What’s the good of being true to your religion on the outside, if you don’t change what’s on the inside,were it really counts ?
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Try to feel God in any little thing you do or feel. In a laugh, a smile, a tear, a revelation-a kiss.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|Are you a devil?""I am a man," answered Father Brown gravely; "and therefore have all devils in my heart.
Osamu Dazai, Blue Bamboo: Japanese Tales of Fantasy|Act well your part,there all the honor lies.
Italo Calvino, Six Memos For The Next Millennium|In an age when other fantastically speedy, widespread media are triumphing, and running the risk of flattening all communication onto a single homogeneous surface, the function of literature is communication between things that are different simply because they are different, not blunting but even sharpening the differences between them, following the true bent of written language.
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, Sprout of Disruption|The plant and animal kingdoms (excluding humans) offered some pleasant surprises. Organisms from these realms are much simpler to figure out. Their behaviours are not muddied by personality factors or flawed belief systems. If an insect smells like a fart, you can be sure that the stench has a genetic basis. It is neither trying to make a lofty point, nor is it suffering from an inferiority complex.
John Calvin|It is not the mere fear of punishment that restrains [man] from sin. Loving and revering God as his father, honouring and obeying Him as his master, although there were no hell, he would revolt at the very idea of offending Him.
Mehmet Murat ildan|But what about me? I suffer, but still, I don’t live. I am x in an indeterminate equation. I am a sort of phantom in life who has lost all beginning and end, and who has even forgotten his own name. You are laughing- no, you are not laughing, you are angry again. You are forever angry, all you care about is intelligence, but I repeat again that I would give away all this superstellar life, all the ranks and honours, simply to be transformed into the soul of a merchant’s wife weighing eighteen stone and set candles at God’s shrine
Gabriel Chevallier, Clochemerle Babylon|Frail to the point of invalidism, without family and with nothing to look forward to, she [Mlle Muguette] yet contrived to be happy. How strange a thing is happiness! Mlle Pimpalet, the notary's wife, arrogantly middle-class, well-furnished with the goods of this world, cared for and waited on, yet invariably looked as if she had been given rat poison for breakfast. While Muguette with nothing, almost on the parish, was radiant with carefree joyousness. Her courage almost made people want to kiss her.
Julie Anne Peters, By the Time You Read This, I'll Be Dead|J_Doe032692 wrote: I am not a thin person. However this does not give people the right to taunt me, calling me ugly and worthless, telling me to kill myself because no one will ever want me, or to make up songs about why I am so fat and how much food I eat. NO ONE, I repeat, NO ONE HAS THE RIGHT TO HURT ANOTHER HUMAN BEING THIS BADLY.My throat constricts. The neck brace feels as if it's shrinking and cutting off my esophagus. I reach up and cover the words with my hand and the web site dissolves.I want to go. Now.
Hank Bracker|You Can See Russia From America!There are two small Islands in the middle of the Bering Straits that are 2.4 miles apart, and have the “International Date Line” running between them. The larger Island to the west is Russian and is named Ratmanov Island. It is considered the last island in the far eastern reach of Asia.Little Diomede Island or Ignaluk Island, belongs to Alaska and is the easternmost of the two islands. It is as far west as you can go before reaching the “International Date Line.” Although the two islands are within easy sight of each other they are 24 hours apart, with one being in tomorrow and the other being in today. There are approximately 170, mostly Native Americans, living on the smaller American island.During winter, an ice bridge usually spans the distance between these two islands, therefore there are times when it is possible to walk between the United States and Russia. This little stroll can be dangerous and is not advised; however at this location you can definitely see Russia from America.This information is from Captain Hank Bracker's award winning book "The Exciting Story of Cuba" available from Amazon.Com.
Victor Hugo|Rhyme, that enslaved queen, that supreme charm of our poetry, that creator of our meter.
Richard Llewellyn|It is simple. Men lose their birthrights for a mess of pottage only if they stop using the gifts given them by God for their betterment. By prayer. That is the first and greatest gift. use the gift of prayer. Ask for strength of mind, and a clear vision. Then sense. Use your sense. Not all of us are born for greatness, but all of us have sense. Make use of it. Think. Think long and well. By prayer and good thought you will conquer all enemies....Behold, the night is coming. Prepare, for the time is at hand.
George Eliot, Adam Bede|They (teenage boys)don’t really listen to speeches or talks. They absorb incrementally, through hours and hours of observation.
Maya Angelou, Even The Stars Look Lonesome|Without a plan we are floating aimlessly in an ocean of circumstance letting the waves take us where they may. But with a plan, we can steer ourselves in the direction we want to go. Sometimes we get lucky and things happen fast – our destination is reached in a timely manner. Sometimes it takes longer than we expect. Nonetheless, we are STEERING the boat. WE ARE IN COMMAND. And we will reach our goal
Bill Bryson, The Road to Little Dribbling: Adventures of an American in Britain|I hope you won't mind, my dear, if we take it," said Thunder Karlsson. "Oh, not at all," said Pippi. "Of course not." And with that, Blom went over and took out the suitcase. "I hope you won't mind, my dear, if I take it back," said Pippi, as she climbed out of bed and went over to Blom.
Meg Cabot|Cal: “I’m not presuming. I know exactly what you think about me. You think I’m an anal-retentive Armrest Nazi . . . an arrogant Modelizer. You can’t stand the way I talk, any of the subjects I choose to talk about, the imperious manner I order food in restaurants or tell cab drivers how much we owe them. You find my taste in women odious, the fact that I don’t own a television an unforgivable sin, and the fact that I would choose to write a book about Saudi Arabia completely unfathomable. And you’re also totally in love with me. If you weren’t you wouldn’t have pushed me into the pool earlier today when you saw Grazi walk in.”Every Boy's Got One
Ally Carter, All Fall Down|Keep your chin up. Eventually, you will meet someone who cares about your opinion. I'm so sorry I'm not her.
|No one can succeed in breaking you down mentally, if you are always feeding some uplifting and hopeful words to your mind.
Unknown|Fallen flowers can't climb back. If the root is strong, we can expect new flowers. Don't think too much about the 'lost' past. Just love the present & live for the future. From the tree, I learn, Make your roots strong. There will never be shortage of flowers 
Anton Chekhov, Selected Stories|I'm not saying that French books are talented, and intelligent, and noble. They don't satisfy me either. But they're less boring than the Russian ones, and not seldom one finds in them the main element of creative work––a sense of personal freedom, which Russian authors don't have. I can't remember a single new book in which the author doesn't do his best, from the very first page, to entangle himself in all possible conventions and private deals with his conscience. One is afraid to speak of the naked body, another is bound hand and foot by psychological analysis, a third must have "a warm attitude towards humanity," a fourth purposely wallows for whole pages in descriptions of nature, lest he be suspected of tendentiousness... One insists on being a bourgeois in his work, another an aristocrat, etc. Contrivance, caution, keeping one's own counsel, but no freedom nor courage to write as one wishes, and therefore no creativity.- A Boring Story
Carol Robi, Dawn of War|Lo! A call for a bloody trial-Retribution should it hail!Whose? you ask,For he that deems it a worthy task!
Christa Wolf, The Quest for Christa T.|Coldness in everything. It comes from a long way off; it gets into everything. One must get out of the way before it reaches the core. If it does that, one won't feel even the coldness any more. Do you see what I mean?
Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children|I felt squeezed in that vise along with the mass of everyday things and people, and I had a bad taste in my mouth, a permanent sense of nausea that exhausted me, as if everything, thus compacted, and always tighter, were grinding me up, reducing me to a repulsive cream.
Debasish Mridha|To be a great success, be happy today.
Craig Ferguson|My dad’s contentment is all that matters to me. When he’s laughing, I’m laughing. When he’s happy, I’m happy. I would give up my soul for him. To me, nothing else but his happiness matters.
Bill Nye|My nephew has type 1 diabetes, and it's my goal and hope that in his lifetime there will be a cure for diabetes. There's no place better to give the money to than the Juvenile Diabetes Association.
Parker S. Huntington, Asher Black|You have to read between the lines, I saw it all in her eyes before her actions came to life, and it’s what wisdom is all about
Cornelia Funke, Fearless|She could never take an eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth. The weak and flaccid parity would make her nearly puke. She wants an eye for a tooth, and a life for an eye.
Octave Mirbeau|The flush toilet, more than any single invention, has 'civilized' us in a way that religion and law could never accomplish.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.|Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenment.
Patrick Henry|The opposite of a fact is falsehood, but the opposite of one profound truth may very well be another profound truth.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|Self-Worth. Self-Love. Self-Esteem. Self-Motivation. Self-Confidence. All of these things equal Self-Empowerment. Always believe in yourself, even if nobody else does!
Thomas Bernhard, Concrete|Yes, man is mortal, but that would be only half the trouble. The worst of it is that he's sometimes unexpectedly mortal—there's the trick!
Conn Iggulden, Khan: Empire of Silver|They had learned that Sorhatani expected the same sort of instant obedience as her husband. She had grown up around men of power and had married into the great khan’s family at a very young age. She knew that men prefer to follow, that it takes an effort of will to lead. She had that will.
Rachel  Harris, My Not So Super Sweet Life|Cat's heated gaze meets mine, and she smiles. Another piece of my heart is hers.
Michael Mnyameni|If you are silent at wrong things happening on your life time, you are destroying your children's future to the next fourth generation to come.
Tara Kelly, Harmonic Feedback|America was in full swing now, all the papers said so, and people were rushing forward, leaving behind the horrors of war. She understood the reasons, but they were rushing, like Lon, toward long hours and profits, neglecting the things that brought beauty to the world.
Bill Nye The Science Guy|If the Earth were not subject to any change I would consider the Earth a big but useless body in universe, paralyzed...superfluous and unnatural.Those who so exalt incorruptibility, unchangeability and the like, are, I think, reduced to saying such things both because of inordinate desire they have to live for a long time and because of the terror they have of death...they do not realize that if men were immortal, they would have never come into the world.
Peter Drucker|The world is full of willing people; some willing to work, the rest willing to let them.
A.M. Homes, This Book Will Save Your Life|Make the mental physical, and the physical mental, and things will improve.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|What about a compromise? I’ll kill them first, and if it turns out they were friendly, I’ll apologize.
Shimon Peres|At drama school, we were taught to write down your dreams and carry them around in your wallet with you, and they'll come true, but I didn't do that.
Ian Dunbar|One of the main focuses of my training sessions is to help individuals find their unique voices in the learning process. We all have our strengths, our weaknesses, our styles of learning, our personalities. Developing introspective sensitivity to these issues is critical to long-term success.
Stephen  Vaughn, M.I.N.D.|They were together, and that was all that mattered. The food, the house, the cars, the money, the power, all inconsequential. She would tear it all down herself with her bare hands if she had to, because her family was alive, well, and surrounding her in love. It was how it should have been that night, and it was the last thing Abigail thought or saw in her minds eye as she faded off into the oblivion and unknown of death.
Beta Metani' Marashi|When people who don't know you well admire you, they are seeing their projected illusion, not your real self.In contrast, when people who know you well respect you, it is probably because you deserve it.
Mark Twain|If the Pentateuch is inspired, the civilization of of our day is a mistake and crime. There should be no political liberty. Heresy should be trodden out beneath the bigot's brutal feet. Husbands should divorce their wives at will, and make the mothers of their children houseless and weeping wanderers. Polygamy ought to be practiced; women should become slaves; we should buy the sons and daughters of the heathen and make them bondmen and bondwomen forever. We should sell our own flesh and blood, and have the right to kill our slaves. Men and women should be stoned to death for laboring on the seventh day. 'Mediums,' such as have familiar spirits, should be burned with fire. Every vestige of mental liberty should be destroyed, and reason's holy torch extinguished in the martyr's blood.
Cary McNeal, Are You Sh*tting Me?: 1,004 Facts That Will Scare the Crap Out of You|When it comes to scary business, I believe that forewarned is forearmed.
Robert Louis Stevenson, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde|Good and bad are not opposites, they are both just different forms of intensity.
Théophile Gautier, Clarimonde|I know that everyone in this room, Bernie Fain included, thinks I'm some kind of a nut with my so-called fixation on this vampire thing. OK, maybe I'm wrong. Maybe he only thinks he is. But there are things here that can't be explained away by so-called common sense. Not even Bernie's report can explain some of them.'I was at the hospital yesterday.' I looked directly at Butcher. 'Your own people fired maybe fifty or sixty rounds at him, some at point-blank range. How come this man never even slowed down? How come a man seventy years old can outrun police cars for more than fifteen blocks? How come when he gets clubbed on the head he doesn't bleed like other people? Look at these photos! There's a gash on his forehead... and whatever is trickling down from the cut is clear... it isn't blood.'How come three great, big, burly hospital orderlies weighing an estimated total of nearly seven-hundred fifty pounds couldn't bring one, skinny one-hundred sixty pound man to his knees? How come an ex-boxer, a light-heavyweight not long out of the ring, couldn't even faze him with his best punch, a right hook that should have broken his jaw?'Face it. Whether it's science, witchcraft or black magic, this character has got something going for him you don't know anything about. He doesn't seem to feel pain. Or get winded. And he doesn't seem to be very frightened by guns, or discouraged by your efforts to trap him.'Look at these photos! Look at that face! That isn't fear there. It's hate. Pure hate! This man is evil incarnate. He is insane and he may be something even worse although you'd laugh at me because I have no scientific documentation to back me up. Hell, even Regenhaus and Mokurji have all but confirmed that he sucks blood.'Whatever he is, he's been around a long time and this seems to be the closest any police force has come to putting the finger on him. If you want to go on operating the way you've been doing by treating him like an ordinary man, go ahead. But, I'll bet you any amount of money you come up empty handed again. If you try to catch him at night he'll get away just like he did last night. He'll...''Jesus Christ!' bellowed Butcher. 'This son of a bitch has diarrhea of the mouth. Can't one of you people shut him up?
Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones|I object to violence because when it appears to do good, the good is only temporary; the evil it does is permanent.
Miguel de Cervantes|I'm always pursuing the next dream, hunting for the next truth.
Diana Wynne Jones, Castle in the Air|Jamal stared at the dog in his arms. "Why I am I holding a dog full of angels?
Samuel Beckett, Molloy|And if ever I'm reduced to looking for a meaning to my life, you never can tell, it's in that old mess I'll stick my nose to begin with, the mess of that poor old uniparous whore and myself the last of my foul brood, neither man nor beast.
J. Mark Bertrand, Rethinking Worldview: Learning to Think, Live, and Speak in This World|Because that world's gone. The world where people walked around whistling that music. All the madrigal singers in the world can't make that other one real again. It's like dinosaurs. We can put them back together perfectly, bone for bone, but we don't know what they smelled like, what kind of sounds they made, or how big they really looked standing in the grass under all those fossil fern trees. Even the sunlight must have been different, and the wind. What can bones tell you about a kind of wind that doesn't blow anymore?
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|The planet is finished with us, at this point -
Niccolo Machiavelli|Abuse of words has been the great instrument of sophistry and chicanery, of party, faction, and division of society.
James Lafferty|The person that's always talkin', you don't have to worry about that person. The person that while you're in his face, he's just lookin' at you with a smile on his face, that's the guy you worry about.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|For when the Law of Price declares that a good actually commands a particular price, and explains why it does so, it of course implies that the good is able to command this price, and explains why it is able to do so. The Law of Price comprehends the Law of Exchange-Value.
Henry David Thoreau, The Journal, 1837-1861|It is in vain to dream of a wildness distant from ourselves. There is none such. It is in the bog in our brains and bowels, the primitive vigour of Nature in us, that inspires that dream. I shall never find in the wilds of Labrador any greater wildness than in some recess of Concord, i.e. than I import into it.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Conquest was once over the outer territories, but the new conquest is for the inner-territories of our hearts.
Nino Varsimashvili|When fate connects an invisible thread between a man and a woman who are bound to be together, no matter how hard they try to fight against their own destiny, they can’t change what’s meant to be.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, White Nights|In the end, you feel that your much-vaunted, inexhaustible fantasy is growing tired, debilitated, exhausted, because you're bound to grow out of your old ideals; they're smashed to splinters and turn to dust, and if you have no other life, you have no choice but to keep rebuilding your dreams from the splinters and dust. But the heart longs for something different! And it is vain to dig in the ashes of your old fancies, trying to find even a tiny spark to fan into a new flame that will warm the chilled heart and bring back to life everything that can send the blood rushing wildly through the body, fill the eyes with tears--everything that can delude you so well!
Nayomi Munaweera, Island of a Thousand Mirrors|JAMIE'S SONG 'August and November':They say it was a beautiful summer.I say I felt so cold the whole short while.I heard that it rained for days,Between August and November.Well I didn’t see it rain on the enslaved river.I am the river no more (x2)And the rain is just acid water from their cloudy black smoke.And now I’m at a standstill on the streets, That are lit up like a funfair from some forgotten dream.Yet faces, headlights, and the whole world passes by me. Without taking a step, I’m down in the hole too.And if it rains this comingDark and lonely December,I will never watch it fall on the entrapped river.I am the river no more (x2)And the rain is acid water from their cloudy black smoke.
Libba Bray|If I'm sincere today, what does it matter if I regret it tomorrow?
Dan Jenkins|Are there moments when I see unrequited crushes or ex-boyfriends slow dancing with their dates and kind of want to stab myself in the spleen with a salad fork? Yeah, sure.
Kate Mulgrew|It takes a very long time to sever a marriage in which children are involved. There is a table, two chairs, and a small pile of bargaining chips. This is how it begins, but it ends with one chair in an empty room. The days darken. The children are slices open and split down the middle. Someone takes an arm; someone takes a foot. The car pulling into the driveway on a Friday afternoon becomes a hearse, and everything is couched in lies. The house of old assumes a silence.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|If I could give one message to the bullied, it would be this: You are not alone. You are strong. You have a voice. You are beautiful. You are intelligent. There are many kids who want to speak up for you, but they don’t because they are afraid of becoming bullied themselves. There are many of us in the world who love you. I love you. You have the power to end this now. That power is in your voice. Find it. Once you use your voice, bullies want no part of you. If you feel that you lack the courage, fake it until you do. Finally, I know it’s hard to see a life that exists beyond high school. It is there, and it is beautiful.
Latorria Freeman, Latorria Pier|Through my pain and sorrow, God has prepared me to share His word with others in a way that was made just for me.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Consciousness is everywhere, let it fill you up.
Michel Foucault|There are more ideas on earth than intellectuals imagine. And these ideas are more active, stronger, more resistant, more passionate than "politicians" think. We have to be there at the birth of ideas, the bursting outward of their force: not in books expressing them, but in events manifesting this force, in struggles carried on around ideas, for or against them. Ideas do not rule the world. But it is because the world has ideas (and because it constantly produces them) that it is not passively ruled by those who are its leaders or those who would like to teach it, once and for all, what it must think.
Nick Flynn, The Ticking Is the Bomb: A Memoir|When things fall apart, the children of the land scurry and scatter like birds escaping a burning sky....They will never be the same again because you cannot be the same once you leave behind who and what you are, you just cannot be the same....Look at them leaving in droves, despite knowing they will be welcomed with restraint in those strange lands because they do not belong
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|How can I blame others, when I cannot stop myself committing crimes?
Phoebe Melano|This moment will disappear and another one will come. And one day, i will sit down and i will try to count them.Full of surprise i will ask myself "Have I really lived so many moments?" I know that they are nevertheless countless and diurnal.But now that you came, every second is different, so different that when it's gone,vacancy fills the place. It goes away, and the person who's yearning for moments like this stays there, praying to live them once more.Just for a thousandth,LASTTIME.
Robin Cody, Another Way the River Has: Taut True Tales from the Northwest|One could say, in fact, that no story really has a beginning, and that no story really has an end, as all of the world's stories are as jumbled as the items in the arboretum, with their details and secrets all heaped together so that the whole story, from beginning to end, depends on how you look at it.
Abhijit Naskar|Time spent in assessing one's self, is the time spent best.
Søren Kierkegaard|By seeing the multitude of people around it, by being busied with all sorts of worldly affairs, by being wise to the ways of the world, such a person forgets himself, in a divine sense forgets his own name, dares not believe in himself, finds being himself too risky, finds it much easier and safer to be like the others, to become a copy, a number, along with the crowd. Now this form of despair goes practically unnoticed in the world. Precisely by losing oneself in this way, such a person gains all that is required for a flawless performance in everyday life, yes, for making a great success out of life. Here there is no dragging of the feet, no difficulty with his self and its infinitizing, he is ground smooth as a pebble, as exchangeable as a coin of the realm. Far from anyone thinking him to be in despair, he is just what a human being ought to be. Naturally, the world has generally no understanding of what is truly horrifying.
Anita B. Sulser PhD, We Are One|For as long as we are led by belief, we can never know anything for certain. It is not enough to believe or to have faith, we must know beyond all doubt. For that, we have no other option, but to search, question and investigate! There is no shame in not having found God, Brahman or the Great Spirit, but it is gravely ignorant to dismiss their existence on hearsay.
NoViolet Bulawayo, We Need New Names|I've always wanted to race cars, even since I was a young boy, as I think a lot of guys have.
mahmoud hamdy|If you think deep inside yourself that you can not live except in the presence of someone that is not true, but this feeling remains true and this is more important than anything else .
Asa Don Brown, The effects of childhood trauma on adult perception and worldview|Four laughs vibrate in harmony,WarmDeliciousReal.
Joanne McClean, Learning to Breathe|Only the broken heart has the ghost of a chance to grieve, to forgive, to long, to transform." Christina Baldwin, author of Life's Companion, Journal Writing as a Spiritual Practice, 1990. Used with author's permission
Lauren Myracle, Bliss|I was just teasing," I say. "I myself don't like to eat plain butter, but hey, it's a free world.
J. Aleksandr Wootton, The Eighth Square|Let us light up the fire, the wind is so calm and the night is falling - i see ur lips shiver and i can feel ur breath humping up.
Cheryl Strayed, Brave Enough|When you recognize that you will thrive not in spite of your losses and sorrows, but because of them, that you would not have chosen the things that happened in your life, but you are grateful for them, that you will hold the empty bowls eternally in your hands, but you also have the capacity to fill them?THE WORD FOR THAT IS HEALING.
