Leo Tolstoy, Resurrection|Every person alive thinks they are the center of the universe, that they are everything, when in fact each of us is less than nothing.
Misti Renea Neely|Children with disabilities are stronger than we know, they fight the battles that most will never know.
Jon Edgell, Resolution|Time becomes meaningless without memory and we humans have a unique consciousness that allows us to live in the past or the future, which is actually more of a curse than a useful superpower.
Wallace Stevens|Winter is a time to pause, reflect and renew for the coming Spring.
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|Percy!” he bellowed. He dropped his broom and ran at me. If you’ve never been charged by an enthusiastic Cyclops wearing a flowered apron and rubber cleaning gloves, I’m telling you, it’ll wake you up quick.
C. JoyBell C.|How could you love us being together?" he asked me "We are nothing alike and we are not meant for each other and we drive each other crazy, you love that? How can you love that?" So I told him "I know that we're not meant for each other, that we drive each other crazy, and that we are so different. But that's us. That's what we have; a wild nonsense. We are not good together, but together we are bad for each other. I love us together this way just like this. Because even if it's no good, it's what we have! It's us.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...you must never partly love or stop half way - because then, you become superficial and cannot be deeply hurt or loved...
Daniel Younger, Zen and the Art of Cannibalism: A Zomedy|As soon as Todd drove off the motorway it vanished from the mirror, and so did the sun across the moor.
Sunday Adelaja|God only gives men power to make wealth, meaning God does not give wealth, he gives the power to work for it. (Deut. 8:18)
Julian Castro|Well I think on a simple ecological level that the diversity of this planet is important for our survival, that all of our different cultures, people are important to the health of the whole the same way that a species of animal should be saved and at a simple ecology level.
M.F. Moonzajer|Every time I look at my wallet; I don’t care how much money is there, I just want to know, does it make for this time food?
Andrew Murray, Holy in Christ|Transferring my anger and pain onto paper turns it into something tangible, something that can be shredded or burned, or at the very least, sealed shut in a box. ~Call Me Tuesday
Katherine Allred, The Sweet Gum Tree|You can’t turn love on and off like a light switch, no matter how hard you try. All you can do is wall it off, one brick at a time, until you’ve created an impenetrable fortress around your emotions. And once that fortress is built, you camouflage it so well that even you can’t see it anymore.
Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad|Humanity's a nice place to visit, but you wouldn't want to live there.
Mark W. Boyer|We have to expect disappointments, trouble, losses and hurts as an inevitable part of life. It is vital to repeat to ourselves the most important and comforting words of all time: THIS, TOO, SHALL PASS AWAY!
Larry Kramer, Faggots|The power of your story may not lie in its drama, but in its absolutely perfect relationship to your cause.
Max Landis, Superman: American Alien (2015-) #1|I'm told by my young friends that experience is much more important than books. Of course Ben Franklin had something to say about experience and fools, but even Franklin thought that a fool would learn by his experience. That has proven false in the modern world. Some people are simply unwilling to learn under any circumstances, which maybe, even then, wouldn't be so bad if they weren't so damned proud of it.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Date Dead Men|Fortunately, among werewolf women, the word "bitch" is not offensive. I was having a lot of fun with that."Hey there, bitches!" I called as I came through the door. "What are my favorite bitches up to today?
Darrell Calkins, Re:|In my experience, most people are actually seeking recovery from the monotony and anxiety of qualitative repetition. This applies to body, emotions and mind. And that monotony and anxiety involves inertia just as much as over-use, meaning inertia in some areas and over-use in others.
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual|Well, there would be no sound if we shout on the background.
Ann Hood, The Book That Matters Most|The idea of the book that matters most," Kiki said. "Because i think it's like impossible to pick such a book. When you read a book, and who you are when you read it, makes it matter or not. Like if you're unhappy and you read, I don't know, On the Road or The Three Musketeers, and that book changes how you fell or how you think, then it matters the most. At that time.
Katie Coyle, Vivian Apple at the End of the World|But Viv, if I've learned anything at all in the last eight years of my life? It's that people just like to tell themselves stories about where they came from. They can't help themselves. They don't trust the world around them--it's too good for them, or not good enough--so they tell themselves stories about it. They tell themselves an old magician who lives up in the sky made them out of clay and put them here until whenever he makes up his mind to take them out again. Your parents didn't like their creation myth, that's all--it had pain in it, and chaos, and their own parents were ashamed. So they told themselves a story that was at least partially true: about two good people who deserved happy lives. And probably at some point they started to believe that story. But the thing is, really, that it doesn't matter. For your parents or anyone else. It doesn't actually matter where we came from, or where we're going, or when. The only thing that matters is what we have to do while we're here and how well we do it.
Terry Pratchett, Maskerade|I do not approve of anything that tampers with natural ignorance. Ignorance is like a delicate exotic fruit; touch it and the bloom is gone. The whole theory of modern education is radically unsound. Fortunately in England, at any rate, education produces no effect whatsoever.
Shannon L. Alder|Empowered Women 101: Everyone wants to be a princess, but you weren't the first princess in his life. They scrubbed his floors, washed his workout clothes, picked up his dirty socks and dealt with his issues. Always remember that history leaves a pattern of what to expect. A real woman knows that the bible is a motivator, but the real instruction manual is observing the last woman's struggle.
Dave Zeltserman, Monster|Seated in the middle of the floor with its back to me was the naked figure of a baby of, perhaps, two years, prattling wordlessly in its sing-song treble as it played with a pile of gleaming white objects arranged about it in a circle. One of these, a globular thing of peculiar configuration, it grasped in its right hand, and banged down noisily among the rest. Opposite, just discernible in the shadowy corner, sat the largest brindled cat I had ever seen, dreamily watching the play through half closed, flame-yellow eyes. I suppose it must have been many minutes that I stood there dumbfounded, staring at this incredible spectacle, before my dazed senses registered its full hideousness, and then a strangled gasp escaped me, for I saw that the toy in the child’s hand was a tiny human skull and that all the other white things were the various bones of an infant skeleton!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|If you dream your problems at night and live your problems by day, you are suffering the effects of paralyzing toxins delivered by the sting of worry, stress, and fear. You must detach yourself from these leeches if you do not wish to be irreversibly poisoned.
Jo Nesbø, The Snowman|Underneath all things means that beneath the floorboards, in the depths, in the spaces between the pebbles or sandy floor that contain the pond, that hold our own inside person, is something that can't be destroyed, a foundation that keeps all the water from sinking back into the earth. Something is there, something we need, when we come to rest, when all is lost.
Liezi, Lieh-tzu: A Taoist Guide to Practical Living|The contented person finds rest in death, and for the greedy person, death puts an end to his long list of desires.
Amy E. Tobin, Still, Love Remains: God's Crimson Threads of Grace|When satan sees a baby, however, he doesn’t see a fragile, sweet, gurgling child; he sees a potential grown-up who is bought by the blood of the lamb and filled with the power of the Holy Ghost, a servant of God and a soldier of the cross, a great threat to his kingdom.
Jamie Whyte, Crimes Against Logic: Exposing the Bogus Arguments of Politicians, Priests, Journalists, and Other Serial Offenders|An argument in apologetics, when actually used in dialogue, is an extension of the arguer. The arguer's tone, sincerity, care, concern, listening, and respect matter as much as his or her logic - probably more. The world was won for Christ not by arguments but by sanctity: "What you are speaks so loud, I can hardly hear what you say.
Dag Hammarskjöld|What makes loneliness an anguish is not that I have no one to share my burden, but this: I have only my own burden to bear.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Exiting from any long-term relationship comes at great personal expense, which explains why so many people are understandably reluctant to endure the cost of severance. Beginnings and endings are always dramatic and occasionally traumatic. Youthful brio allows us to engage in transformation. As we age, we carefully weigh the spectacle of continuing enduring harrowing situations or seeking melodramatic renovation of our core being. Analysis of the respective cost benefit ratio, consideration of the known versus the unknown, can delay or permanently deter us from altering our environment, leading our persona to become more rigid as we mature. Transformations in life are disconcerting to people who resist change.
Rebecca Solnit, Men Explain Things to Me|Women are an eternal subject, which is a lot like being subjected, or subjugated, or a subject nation, even. There are comparatively few articles about whether men are happy or why their marriages also fail or how nice or not their bodies are, even the movie-star bodies. They are the gender that commits the great majority of crime, particularly violent crime, and they are the majority of suicides as well. American men are falling behind women in attending college, and have fallen farther in the current economic depression than women, which you'd think would make them interesting subjects of inquiry.
Oscar Wilde, De Profundis|Nobody is worthy to be loved. The fact that God loves man shows us that in the divine order of ideal things it is written that eternal love is to be given to what is eternally unworthy. Or if that phrase seems to be a bitter one to bear, let us say that everybody is worthy of love, except him who thinks he is.
Ryohgo Narita, Durarara!! Saika Arc, Vol. 1|Shizuo Heiwajima, the strongest man in Ikebukuro: "I just want the ability to control myself. That's the kind of strength I want.
Alexandre Dumas, The Man in the Iron Mask|Joyful friends, mostly loyal, they hadn't abandoned their protector before the gathering storm; and despite the threatening sky, despite the shuddering earth, they remained, smiling, considerate, and as devoted to misfortune as they had been to prosperity.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Every person matters, every person has worth”.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|These heads sheltered by umbrellas be they of Zeb-un-Nisa, or Catherine of Cleopatra or Fenichka live with their own stories
Tracy L. Darity|It must be an awful feeling to have love all around you and not feel loved, to be in need and unable to accept whats being offered, to see a world of possibilities but trapped inside your own mind.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|If the single man plants himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abides, this huge world will come around to him.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we desire to be close to Spirit of God, we desire to dwell in clean soul with a clean body.
Sunday Adelaja|Societies where there are worthy men and women of God, not necessarily preachers or religious men, but men that know the ways of God, they stand up against the collapse of equity in their land
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|Our culture needs to find a robust image of female success that is first, not male, and second, not a white woman on the phone, holding a crying baby,
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|If a man hasn't discovered something that he will die for, he isn't fit to live.
Michael Shermer, The Believing Brain: From Ghosts and Gods to Politics and Conspiracies How We Construct Beliefs and Reinforce Them as Truths|Of all the chemical transmitter substances sloshing around in your brain, it appears that dopamine may be the most directly related to the neural correlates of belief. Dopamine, in fact, is critical in association learning and the reward system of the brain that Skinner discovered through his process of operant conditioning, whereby any behavior that is reinforced tends to be repeated. A reinforcement is, by definition, something that is rewarding to the organism; that is to say, it makes the brain direct the body to repeat the behavior in order to get another positive reward.
Gift Gugu Mona|You know you walk in the light when the enemy keeps reminding you of your past mistakes, because the enemy's role is to derail into darkness.
Dean Koontz, False Memory|You always were such a worrier. It was as if you thought your worrying was all that held the world together, and if you stopped for a split second the whole thing would just fly apart.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|I don't so much mind looking back on having lost the election, or having been denied a role in the play, or having had my novel repeatedly rejected, or having been turned down for a date, or recalling laughter at my expense when I attempted some silly challenge.  Those things simply prove that I lived life.  What I do mind, however, is looking back on the lost opportunities where imagined concerns kept me from even trying—lose or win.  I've learned that there is no regret in a brave attempt, only in cowering to fear.
William Joyce, Jack Frost|dJack be nimble,Jack be quick,Jack forgot to check if the ice was thick.Emma was still,Emma was late,Emma’s brother is now part of the lake.Time has passed,Time has gone,Time brought Jack back wrong.He was solemn,He was brave,He left his coat on Emma’s grave.Emma was sad,Emma was scared,But she knew inside that Jack really cared.Jack was lost,Jack had forgot,That he had a story before the plot.Jack had wondered,Jack had fought,Jack had remembered what he had forgot.I hope you dream.I hope you wonder.I hope you have fun because this is done.Keep believing everyone.Jack be fearless,Jack be bold,Jack drowned when he was 17 years old.
Pierre Bourdieu, Distinction: A Social Critique of the Judgement of Taste|When you conform to the monoculture's version of who you are and what the world is like, you lose your freedom along with your ability to be truly innovative in terms of your own life. Being able to draw on many different stories, not just the economic one, allows you to creatively and authentically meet the challenges that face you in your life. The monoculture, determinedly single-minded, insists that economic values and assumptions can be used to solve your problems, whether those problems are spiritual, political, intellectual, or relational.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The greatest things that have ever happened in this world, had their genesis in the wake of special relationships of rare destiny.
Aristotle|His anger took many shapes: sometimes soft and familiar, like a round stone he had caressed for so long that is was perfectly smooth and polished; sometimes it was thin and sharp like a blade that could slice through anything; sometimes it had the form of a star, radiating his hatred in all directions, leaving him numb and empty inside.
Patrick Wilson|You learn timing on the road. You learn structure and how to read an audience. You learn so much about the business of laughter that you can't learn on a set, because it's all on you. Sometimes you bomb, and you know not to tell that joke again... You just hope people find the humor in the awkwardness.
Laura Harring|Five enemies of peace inhabit with us - avarice, ambition, envy, anger, and pride; if these were to be banished, we should infallibly enjoy perpetual peace.
Marilynne Robinson, Lila|Her name had the likeness of a name. She had the likeness of a woman, with hands but no face at all, since she never let herself see it. She had the likeness of a life, because she was all alone in it. She lived in the likeness of a house, with walls and a roof and a door that kept nothing in and nothing out.
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|Spurgeon challenges us to go to the river of our experience, to pull up bulrushes, and to place them in the Ark of our memory, experiencing again the wonder that allowed our infant faith to flourish.
Monica|I grew up hunting and fishing. I've always been into archery. I've always been into cars... In my family, that was just stuff we did. That's just the way it was.
Terry Goodkind, Stone of Tears|We all can be only who we are, no more, no less.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|And you know, there's less charm in life when you think about death--but it's more peaceful.
Kate Moss|My daughter, Lila, is my style critic. She'll say, 'No, Mummy, you can't wear that.' She's very good. I do trust her instinct.
Eden Ashe, Ever Mine|The woman had a body wet dreams were made of, and he couldn't remember being this goddamn hard in his life.
Adele          Rose, Shattered|Clearly, this was another thing I needed to add to the: â€˜repetitive cycle of things that were constantly happening in my lifeâ€™ list, which currently contained fainting and my ability to find trouble.
Junot Díaz|Instead of finding himself in nerd heaven—where every nerd gets fifty-eight virgins to role-play with—he woke up in Robert Wood Johnson with two broken legs and a separated shoulder, feeling like, well, he'd jumped off the New Brunswick train bridge.
Eoin Colfer, The Last Guardian|Don't hate me forever, Arty," whispered Holly. "I couldn't bear that.
Toni Sorenson|We are often reminded how peaceful our world has become, a world without a police force or prison, where crimes and uprisings have nearly disappeared. But we’ve paid a price. The emotional root of all conflict — fear, anger, love, especially love — is prohibited. The goal of our schooling is to master a life of total self-control. A life without wrinkles, without feeling, without soul.
Scott Stabile|Forgiveness and Blame share an apartment, but not for long, because Blame can’t live with Forgiveness, and Forgiveness can’t live with Blame.
Shannon L. Alder|When you really want something, you will give up a million times, but your heart keeps taking you back to the starting line.
L.J. Vanier, Ether: Into the Nemesis|Your soul is like a flower and your spirit is the seed.As your spirit grows, the soul blossoms.
Langston Hughes, The Panther and the Lash|Weight and body oppression is oppressive to everyone. When you live in a society that says that one kind of body is bad and and other is good, those with “good” bodies constantly fear that their bodies will go “bad”, and those with “bad” bodies are expected feel shame and do everything they can to have “good” bodies. In the process, we torture our bodies, and do everything from engage in disordered eating to invasive surgery to make ourselves okay. Nobody wins in this kind of struggle.
Umberto Eco, Numero zero|It's always worrying to see a journalist take a sudden interest in what you're saying, especially when you half suspect it was a load of pigeon guano.
Melanie Laurent|Your body knows how old you are, but if you keep on and you take care of yourself - you know, I go to kickboxing class every morning at 5 A.M. You know, try to do all the things to take care of the outside of your body, but you also should do - and have to do things that take care of the inside of your body.
Laura Kreitzer, Keepers|Well, the only reason we’re friends is because you can rock a tweed suit,” she informed, tone mock serious. “So if you want to keep me around, I expect more tweed.
Erica Bauermeister, The School of Essential Ingredients|Recognize that there's something AMAZING about you. Everyone has something that comes very natural for them - natural gifts and talents. That gift/talent is that thing or things that comes easy for you, but hard for most. The greatness that is stored within was given to you, because it was meant to be used. Whether you've been running from it or haven't discovered it yet, it's there. It's your job to discover and master it. It wasn't given to you in vain, it's part of your purpose.
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|Let’s just say, by the end of her second quarter Beli could walk down the hall without fear that anyone would crack on her. The downside of this of course was that she was completely alone.
Benjamin Disraeli|When men are pure, laws are useless; when men are corrupt, laws are broken.
Terrence Real, How Can I Get Through to You? Closing the Intimacy Gap Between Men and Women|Revenge loses sight of the end in the means, but it's end is not wholly bad - it wants the evil of the bad man to be to him what it is to everyone else. This is proved by the fact that the avenger wants the guilty party not merely to suffer, but to suffer at his hands, and to know it, and to know why. Hence the impulse to taunt the guilty man with his crime at the moment of taking vengeance: hence, too, such natural expressions as 'I wonder how he'd like it if the same thing were done to him' or 'I'll teach him'. For the same reason when we are going to abuse a man in words we say we are going to 'let him know what we think of him'.
Jane Mayer|General assumptions often lead to erroneous conclusions, but one cannot go far wrong in always assuming that whatever one's government is saying is a lie.
Stephenie Meyer, Twilight|Sport, properly directed, develops character, makes a person courageous, a generous loser, and a gracious victor; it refines the senses, gives intellectual penetration, and steels the will to endurance. It is not merely a physical development then. Sport, rightly understood, is an occupation of the whole person, and while perfecting the body as an instrument of the mind, it also makes the mind itself a more refined instrument for the search and communication of truth….
J.R. Ward, Lover Reborn|But the years came and went without bringing the careless boy; and when they met again Wendy was a married woman, and Peter was no more to her than a little dust in the box in which she had kept her toys.
Heinz R. Pagels|He had always thought there was an answer to all life's mysteries in the stars, yet whenever he stared at them the answer slipped out of his grasp... But he had to think now, and he stared at the smoke-dimmed stars in the hope that they would help him, but all they did was go on shining.
Walker Percy, Lost in the Cosmos: The Last Self-Help Book|The difference between a non-suicide and an ex-suicide leaving the house for work, at eight o'clock on an ordinary morning:The non-suicide is a little traveling suck of care, sucking care with him from the past and being sucked toward care in the future. His breath is high in his chest.The ex-suicide opens his front door, sits down on the steps, and laughs. Since he has the option of being dead, he has nothing to lose by being alive. It is good to be alive. He goes to work because he doesn't have to.
Pema Chödrön, The Wisdom of No Escape: How to Love Yourself and Your World|The meditation technique itself cultivate precision, gentleness, and the ability to let go - qualities that are innate within us.
André Aciman, Call Me by Your Name|And yet, about two weeks after his arrival, all I wanted every night was for him to leave his room, not via its front door, but through the French windows on our balcony. I wanted to hear his window open, hear his espadrilles on the balcony, and then the sound of my own window, which was never locked, being pushed open as he’d step into my room after everyone had gone to bed, slip under my covers, undress me without asking, and after making me want him more than I thought I could ever want another living soul, gently, softly, and, with the kindness one Jew extends to another, work his way into my body, gently and softly, after heeding the words I’d been rehearsing for days now, Please, don’t hurt me, which meant, Hurt me all you want.
José Rodrigues Miguéis|She extended a hand that I didn't know how to take, so I broke its fingers with my silence.
Kevin McCarthy|The principles that should guide American foreign policy are simple: the world is safer when America leads, only strength ensures peace and freedom, and America must stand with its allies and challenge its adversaries.
Caroline Alexander, The War That Killed Achilles: The True Story of Homer's Iliad and the Trojan War|This, the only occasion in the Iliad when furious Achilles smiles serves as a bittersweet reminder of the difference real leadership could have made to the events of the Iliad. Agamemnon's panicked prize-grabbing in Book One and even Nestor's rambling "authority" pale beside Achilles' instinctive and absolute command of himself and the dangers of this occasion.
Matthew Rees|My good health, coupled with joy of tobogganing and my desire to be the best, has helped me stay in professional sport for so long.
Larry R. Lawrence|One of the most effective ways we can influence our sons and daughters is to counsel with them in private interviews. By listening closely, we can discover the desires of their hearts, help them set righteous goals, and also share with them the spiritual impressions that we have received about them. Counseling requires courage.
B.H. Liddell Hart, The Revolution in Warfare|In 1870, came the victory of the short-service troops of Prussia over the long-service troops of France, where conscription had but recently been reintroduced in a partial form and as a supplementary measure. That obvious contrast carried more weight into the world than all the other factors which tilted the scales against France. As a result, universal peace-time conscription was adopted by almost all countries as the basis of their military system. This ensured that wars would grow bigger in scale, longer in duration, and worse in effects. While conscription appeared democratic, it provided autocrats, hereditary or revolutionary, with more effective and comprehensive means of imposing their will, both in peace and war. Once the rulp of compulsory service in arms was established for the young men of a nation, it was an obvious and easy transition to the servitude of the whole population. Totalitarian tyranny is the twin of total warfare—which might aptly be termed a reversion to tribal warfare on a larger scale.
Keith Allan Moore|The mass-man would never have accepted authority external to himself had not his surroundings violently forced him to do so. As to-day, his surroundings do not so force him, the everlasting mass-man, true to his character, ceases to appeal to other authority and feels himself lord of his own existence. On the contrary the select man, the excellent man is urged, by interior necessity, to appeal from himself to some standard beyond himself, superior to himself, whose service he freely accepts...Contrary to what is usually thought, it is the man of excellence, and not the common man who lives in essential servitude. Life has no savour for him unless he makes it consist in service to something transcendental. Hence he does not look upon the necessity of serving as an oppression. When, by chance, such necessity is lacking, he grows restless and invents some new standard, more difficult, more exigent, with which to coerce himself. This is life lived as a discipline — the noble life.
Anne Brontë, Best Poems of the Brontë Sisters|I love the silent hour of night,For blissful dreams may then arise,Revealing to my charmed sightWhat may not bless my waking eyes.
Christopher Hitchens, Letters to a Young Contrarian|Since this often seems to come up in discussions of the radical style, I'll mention one other gleaning from my voyages. Beware of Identity politics. I'll rephrase that: have nothing to do with identity politics. I remember very well the first time I heard the saying "The Personal Is Political." It began as a sort of reaction to defeats and downturns that followed 1968: a consolation prize, as you might say, for people who had missed that year. I knew in my bones that a truly Bad Idea had entered the discourse. Nor was I wrong. People began to stand up at meetings and orate about how they 'felt', not about what or how they thought, and about who they were rather than what (if anything) they had done or stood for. It became the replication in even less interesting form of the narcissism of the small difference, because each identity group begat its sub-groups and "specificities." This tendency has often been satirised—the overweight caucus of the Cherokee transgender disabled lesbian faction demands a hearing on its needs—but never satirised enough. You have to have seen it really happen. From a way of being radical it very swiftly became a way of being reactionary; the Clarence Thomas hearings demonstrated this to all but the most dense and boring and selfish, but then, it was the dense and boring and selfish who had always seen identity politics as their big chance.Anyway, what you swiftly realise if you peek over the wall of your own immediate neighbourhood or environment, and travel beyond it, is, first, that we have a huge surplus of people who wouldn't change anything about the way they were born, or the group they were born into, but second that "humanity" (and the idea of change) is best represented by those who have the wit not to think, or should I say feel, in this way.
Max McKeown, The Innovation Book: How to Manage Ideas and Execution for Outstanding Results|The psychology of individual creativity is about at least three different things. First, creativity is about thinking differently. Second, creativity is about feeling differently. Third, creativity is about focusing, or committing, differently.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|You say you have nothing to write about? How do you find things to talk about? You can write about those things you like to talk about, that's your area of expertise
Abed Rahmani|I cannot tell you how much I love you. But that which of all things I have most at heart, with regard to you, is the real progress of your soul in the divine life. Heaven seems to be awakened in you. It is a tender plant. It requires stillness, meekness, and the unity of the heart, totally given up to the unknown workings of the Spirit of God, which will do all its work in the calm soul, that has no hunger or desire but to escape out of the mire of its earthly life into its lost union and life in God. I mention this, out of a fear of your giving in to an eagerness about many things, which, though seemingly innocent, yet divide and weaken the workings of the divine life within you.
Dick Meyer, Why We Hate Us: American Discontent in the New Millennium|Statistically, if you're reading this sentence, you're an oddball. The average American spends three minutes a day reading a book. At this moment, you and I are engaged in an essentially antiquated interaction. Welcome, fellow Neanderthal!
Rita Dove, On the Bus With Rosa Parks|For you, it's gossip. For me, it's action.
Anton Chekhov, Three Sisters: A Translation Of The Play By Anton Chekhov|After us they'll fly in hot air balloons, coat styles will change, perhaps they'll discover a sixth sense and cultivate it, but life will remain the same, a hard life full of secrets, but happy. And a thousand years from now man will still be sighing, "Oh! Life is so hard!" and will still, like now, be afraid of death and not want to die.
Ernest Hemingway, The Sun Also Rises|Let me tell you something. You won't mind, will you? Don't have scenes with your young ladies. Try not to. Because you can't have scenes without crying, and then you pity yourself so much you can't remember what the other person's said. You'll never be able to remember conversations that way. Just try and be calm. I know it's awfully hard. But remember, it's for literature. We all ought to make sacrifices for literature. Look at me. I'm going to England without a protest. All for literature.
Kapil Sibal|St. Paul did not want the sufferings encountered by being a Christian to discourage or dishearten anyone. He realized that when the Christian saw the blessings and grace that poured upon him after his trials, he would gain courage to suffer in his turn.
Shakira|When I was younger, I was a rave kid trapped inside a singer/songwriter's body. But I kind of figured my way out because I started making these really terrible beats on this Yamaha keyboard that my parents got me for my 10th birthday.
Edith Sitwell|The fusty showman fumbles, must Fit in a particle of dustThe universe, for fear it gainIts freedom from my cube of brain.Yet dust bears seeds that grow to graceBehind my crude-striped wooden faceAs I, a puppet tinsel-pinkLeap on my springs, learn how to think—Till like the trembling golden stalkOf some long-petalled star, I walkThrough the dark heavens, and the dewFalls on my eyes and sense thrills through.
Elbert Guillory|The idea that blacks, or anyone for that matter, need the government to get ahead in life is despicable. And even more important, this idea is a failure. Our communities are just as poor as they’ve always been. Our schools continue to fail children. Our prisons are filled with young black men who should be at home being fathers. Our self-initiative and our self-reliance have been sacrificed in exchange for allegiance to our overseers who control us by making us dependent on them.
Thomas Merton|First of all, although men have a common destiny, each individual also has to work out his own personal salvation for himself in fear and trembling. We can help one another to find the meaning of life no doubt. But in the last analysis, the individual person is responsible for living his own life and for "finding himself." If he persists in shifting his responsibility to somebody else, he fails to find out the meaning of his own existence. You cannot tell me who I am and I cannot tell you who you are. If you do not know your own identity, who is going to identify you?
Diana Wynne Jones, The Merlin Conspiracy|...and said grace in Welsh. It was all rolling, thundering language.
Nivedita Menon, Seeing Like a Feminist|[Bisexuality] is seen as threatening the homosexual/heterosexual and male/female dichotomies, or binarisms, which underpin our gender and sexual identities to such a large extent. In the case of the first three stereotypes, there is a refusal even to acknowledge the existence of bisexuality. It is simply wished out of existence. You can either be homosexual or heterosexual but anything else is just a phase, just playacting, not real. As Udis-Kessler argues [‘Challenging the Stereotypes’, in Rose and Stevens (eds), Bisexual Horizons: Politics, Histories, Lives. 1996. London: Lawrence and Wishart, pp. 45-57], this reflects an ideology of essentialism which dismisses the idea that sexuality may be fluid, not fixed, and that its forms can change over a person’s lifetime. This ideology assumes that there is a ‘true’ sexuality which we are working our way towards and that bisexuality is not really ‘true’ or ‘serious’ because it is a transition towards that other state… As Udis-Kessler points out, transitions are not a rehearsal for life. Life is a series of transitions: points of arrival become new points of departure, and vice versa. So why should we assume that the way we experienced our sexuality ten or twenty years ago is necessarily less ‘true’ or important than the way we experience it now, or that the way we experience it now will necessarily be the same in ten or twenty years time? Obviously this applies not only to bisexuality, but it is an argument which those - including some lesbian and gay activists - who accuse bisexuality of being a sort of ‘false consciousness’ seldom get to grips with… lesbians and gay men, anxious to create safe spaces where they are not subject to homophobic rejection or oppression, may (consciously or unconsciously) seek to exclude bisexuals[…].Unfortunately, as soon as this happens, as with every oppressed or stigmatised group, it can lead to others being oppressed or stigmatised in turn.
Carmen Ferreiro-Esteban, Two Moon Princess|Did I mention how cute you look in my clothes?"Blushing I just look at what I'm wearing and laugh. "Chicks Dig me? And Sponge Bob boxers?""Chicks do dig me! And Sponge Bob is a great cartoon in your world.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|I knew that in the silence that followed, that anything could happen here. It might be too late again. I might have missed my chance. But I would at least know I tried, that I took my heart and extended my hand, whatever the outcome.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|Large bodies of goal achievement research encourage written goals for good reason. When we write down our goals, we transform what we imagine into reality.
Marcus Sakey|In the same way that I cannot be perfect and need grace for my mistakes, I also need to give my kids grace. I am constantly learning to be patient with them, understanding that they won't do everything right all the time, while still holding them to a high standard, as their heavenly father does.
Vernor Vinge, The Children of the Sky|You are enjoying the gift of genius. When ordinary people are confronted with multiple tragedies, the pain scarcely increases. They simple can't feel the extra burdens. But you have a greater capacity for suffering.
Carole Nelson Douglas|I think I would rather have a cat than a sweetheart, after all. They are less trouble, and even the handsomest sweetheart is sadly lacking in fur.
Henry Dumas|Abdullah to Kim Burton: "War is like disease. Until you've had it, you don't know it. But no. That's a bad comparison. At least with disease everyone thinks it might happen to them one day. You have a pain here, swelling there, a cold that stays and stays. You start to think maybe this is something really bad. But war - countries (America) like yours they always fight wars, but always somewhere else. The disease always happens somewhere else. Tt's why you fight wars more than anyone else; because you understand war least of all. You need to understand it better.
Danielle Esplin, Give It Back|In the land of the ostriches, the blind are king. When politicians bury their head in the sand, ignorance rules the country. ( "High noon." )
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|That it was no doubt a dark hour, but that he should get through it; that after all he held his destiny, evil as it might be, in his own hand; that he was master of it. He clung to that thought.
Alija Izetbegović|Men are not gentle and graceful beings solely oriented towards good. They are physical, coarse, contradictory, stretched between desires and temptations. In an unnatural wish to make them sinless and infallible, we suddenly realize that we have obtained bloodless, sentimental and false personalities incapable of both good and evil. Separating them from mother Earth, we separate them from life, and where is no life, there is no virtue either.
Atlanta Hunter|No one has the complete freedom to choose everything in his or her life, sis. They may think they do. They may think they're choosing those jeans because they like them or that house because of that location, or that car because of the speed, but the reality is, they choose the jeans because some celebrity wore them, they choose that house because they needed to live near the kid's school, or that car because it was the only one they could afford that could live up to their social standard.
Brian Andreas|A few said they'd be horses. Most said they'd be some sort of cat. My friend said she'd like to come back as a porcupine. I don't like crowds, she said. 
Malcolm Margolin|Control is as much an effect as a cause, and the idea that control is something you exert is a real handicap to progress
Katie McGarry, Dare You To|To be the object of desire is to be defined in the passive case.To exist in the passive case is to die in the passive case – that is, to be killed.This is the moral of the fairy tale about the perfect woman.
Natalie Lloyd, A Snicker of Magic|Do you believe that our stories were written from before that we are but actors performing on the stage called life with neither rehearsals nor retakes, the dialogues of our own and a fleeting audience or are you someone who pens down his own story?
Chris Rice, Reconciling All Things: A Christian Vision for Justice, Peace and Healing|Every day we make our way through a moral forest, along pathways ever branching. Often we get lost.When the array of paths before us is so perplexing that we can't make a choice, or won't, we can hope that we will be given a sign to guide us. A reliance on sighs, however, can lead to the evasion of all moral obligations, and thus earn a terrible judgment.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|If you find you're not getting what you want, stop and think about what it is you really need. If there is a lesson to be learned, learn it. Getting what you need, will often lead to what you truly want...
Joseph Addison|'Healing,' Papa would tell me, 'is not a science, but the intuitive art of wooing nature.'
Relient K, Relient K Five Score and Seven Years Ago 5|When Catherine told me about this (tragedy nearby), I could only say, shocked, "Dear God, that family needs grace."She replied firmly, "That family needs casseroles," and then proceeded to organize the entire neighborhood into bringing that family dinner, in shifts, every single night, for an entire year. I do not know if my sister fully recognizes that this _is_ grace.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|I wanted to walk faster, to run, far as possible from her, from my entire life, from the first day I ever saw her always just a few steps ahead.
Desmond Tutu|It may be a procession of faithful failures that enriches the soil of godly success. Faithful actions are not religious acts. They are not even necessary actions undertaken by people of faith. Faithful actions, whether they are marked by success or they end in failure, are actions that are compelled by goodness.
William Shakespeare, The Winter's Tale|O, she's warm!If this be magic, let it be an artLawful as eating.
Cindi Madsen, Getting Lucky Number Seven|Excuse me? Do you mind if I sit next to you? This spot has the best view of..." I glanced out the window. "The... gravel roof.
Steven L. Sheppard|Outwardly, I hope, I wear my usual mask of detachment, even irony, for there has never been a situation,however dire, even this one, that did not strike me as containing at least some element of the human comedy.
Richard Dawkins|Humans have evolved to their relatively high state by retaining the immature characteristics of their ancestors. Humans are the most advanced of mammals – although a case could be made for the dolphins – because they seldom grow up. Behavioral traits such as curiosity about the world, flexibility of response, and playfulness are common to practically all young mammals but are usually rapidly lost with the onset of maturity in all but humans. Humanity has advanced, when it has advanced, not because it has been sober, responsible and cautious, but because it has been playful, rebellious, and immature.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|And how did you know about that?” Seven looked at his watch. Chase held up a hand. “Let me guess, in two minutes and thirty seconds, I was going to tell you Martin called.”“No.”“No?”“Six minutes and fifteen seconds. You had a couple of false starts. Then you were going to apologize because he wouldn’t help you by putting you in touch with his contacts in Washington.”“Something tells me you’re going to be no fun come Christmas.
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|After all, when ‘the Lord saw how great the wickedness of the human race had become’ He resolved to ‘wipe from the face of the earth the human race I have created – and with them the animals, the birds and the creatures that move along the ground – for I regret that I have made them’ (Genesis 6:7). The Bible thinks it is perfectly all right to destroy all animals as punishment for the crimes of Homo sapiens, as if the existence of giraffes, pelicans and ladybirds has lost all purpose if humans misbehave. The Bible could not imagine a scenario in which God repents having created Homo sapiens, wipes this sinful ape off the face of the earth, and then spends eternity enjoying the antics of ostriches, kangaroos and panda bears.
Milo Yiannopoulos, Dangerous|I’m a fire-starter and troublemaker who started out as an obscure British tech blogger and rose to infamy as one of America’s most in demand speakers on college campuses. The appearance of my expensive shoes and frosted tips and the sound of my laughter ringing across university quads has forced professors, journalists, directors, activists and musicians to realize something no liberal in America has understood for a long time: emotions do not trump facts.
Charles Baudelaire|Every time I see an adult on a bicycle, I no longer despair for the future of the human race.
George Washington Carver|I know no subject more elevating, more amazing, more ready to the poetical enthusiasm, the philosophical reflection, and the moral sentiment than the works of nature. Where can we meet such variety, such beauty, such magnificence?
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|A difference of opinion does two things if you allow it, expands the mind and widens the heart.
Michio Kaku, The Future of the Mind: The Scientific Quest to Understand, Enhance, and Empower the Mind|The real bottleneck is software. Creating software can be done only the old-fashioned way. A human -sitting quietly in a chair with a pencil, paper and laptop- is going to have to write the codes... One can mass-produce hardware and increase it's power by piling on more and more chips, but you cannot mass-produce the brain.
J.R. Ward, Crave|As the wine went down in the bottles, patriotism arose in the three men. And when the wine was gone they went down the hill arm in arm for comradeship and safety, and they walked into Monterey. In front of an enlistment station they cheered loudly for America and dared Germany to do her worst. They howled menaces at the German Empire until the enlistment sergeant awakened and put on his uniform and came into the street to silence them. He remained to enlist them.
Glennon Doyle Melton, Carry On, Warrior: The Power of Embracing Your Messy, Beautiful Life|Loving people and animals makes us stronger in the right ways and weaker in the right ways. Even if animals and people leave, even if they die, they leave us better. So we keep loving, even though we might lose, because loving teaches us and changes us.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|It's not because I want to make out with her."Hold on." He grabbed a pencil and scrawled excitedly at the paper as if he'd just made a mathematical breakthrough and then looked back up at me. "I just did some calculations, and I've been able to determine that you're full of shit
Brandon Sanderson, The Well of Ascension|There was no correcting past mistakes, especially since he could see no real 'mistakes' he had made. He had done the best he could, and that had proven insufficient.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Ain't She Sweet|His smile was bright and sweet and hot enough to melt solid steel. "Is this the part where I kiss you?""If you like.""Oh," he said, "I like.
D.C. Akers|For those that think men make progress collectively, I warn you, history teaches: You couldn’t be more wrong.
Lisa Lutz|I find America falling in love with a TV show flattering and interesting, but at the same time a little sad.
Godfrey Hounsfield|It's an amazing thing to watch a lizard fold a moth into its mouth, like a sword swallower who specialises in umbrellas.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|If you do not meet inspiring obstacles and failure, cry; you do not have the great path to explore, grow and mature to be great
Mark Kurlansky, 1968: The Year That Rocked the World|Living on borders and in margins, keeping intact one's shifting and multiple identity and integrity, is like trying to swim in a new element, an 'alien' element.
Louisa  Reid, Black Heart Blue|Hope keeps dreams alive through the prayers of those who never give up. They are able to pursue their dreams with confidence and reach their goals.“For every one that asks receives, and he that seeks finds; and to him that knocks, it shall be opened.” Matthew 7:8 words of Jesus Christ
Nick Vujicic|Life isn't about having, it's about being. You could surround yourself with all that money can buy, and you'd still be as miserable as a human can be. I know people with perfect bodies who don't have half the happiness I've found. On my journeys I've seen more joy in the slums of Mumbai and the orphanages of Africa than in wealthy gated communities and on sprawling estates worth millions. Why is that? You'll find contentment when your talents and passion are completely engaged, in full force. Recognise instant self-gratification for what it is. Resist the temptation to grab for material objects like the perfect house, the coolest clothes or the hottest car. The if I just had X, I would be happy syndrome is a mass delusion. When you look for happiness in mere objects, they are never enough. Look around. Look within.
Usama Gondal|Even if you're in the thick of revising another work, write something new. Something small. It's important to keep telling yourself stories.
Terry Spear, SEAL Wolf Hunting|Do you know how to use a pool cue?" Paul asked her.	"To play pool or to fight?" she asked as Paul pulled the door open and Allan went in first. "Balls are my specialty.
Marcel Duchamp|All in all, the creative act is not performed by the artist alone.. the spectator brings the work in contact with the external world by deciphering and interpreting its inner qualifications and thus adds his contribution to the creative act.
Clare Boothe Luce|That not all men are piggy, only some; that not all men belittle me, only some; that not all men get mad if you won’t let them play Chivalry, only some; that not all men write books in which women are idiots, only most; that not all men pull rank on me, only some; that not all men pinch their secretaries’ asses, only some; that not all men make obscene remarks to me in the street, only some; that not all men make more money than I do, only some; that not all men make more money than all women, only most; that not all men are rapists, only some; that not all men are promiscuous killers, only some; that not all men control Congress, the Presidency, the police, the army, industry, agriculture, law, science, medicine, architecture, and local government, only some.I sat down on the lawn and wept.
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|Some people get what they want because they grab the power and swing it, and some people don’t.
William Stafford|...What you fear will not go away; it will take you into yourself and bless you and keep you. That's the world, and we all live there.
Henry David Thoreau, Life Without Principle|If I should sell both my forenoons and afternoons to society, as most appear to do, I am sure that for me there would be nothing left worth living for. I trust that I shall never thus sell my birthright for a mess of pottage. I wish to suggest that a man may be very industrious, and yet not spend his time well. There is no more fatal blunderer than he who consumes the greater part of his life getting his living.
Bill Murray|Let’s get one thing straight at the beginning. A lunar eclipse simply will not do. You may have seen a partial solar eclipse, but neither will that do. The sun is such a monster that until a few minutes before totality the light from the sun blasts right around the disk of the moon and the Earth is little changed. Annie Dillard wrote that the difference between a partial eclipse and a total one is the difference between kissing a man and marrying him. Just so. So people search out totality, no matter how remote the spot. And so we have come to Svalbard.- from Out in the Cold
Vijender Singh|You can train and train until you are blue in the face, but you've got to diet, you've got to have that leanness because if you are not lean, your abs won't show. Of course, the training has to be put in, but then you've to shed all the fat and keep the fat off. And that's how you get an eight pack.
Thomas Jefferson|Whatever you do to the animals, you do to yourself.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|I don't think anybody'd remember and certainly do know everybody'd lie. The reason I'm so bitter and, as I said, 'in anguish,' nowadays, or one of the reasons, is that everybody's begun to lie and because they lie they assume that I lie too: they overlook the fact that I remember very well many things (of course I've forgotten some...)I do believe that lying is a sin, unless it's innocent lie based on lack of memory, certainly the giving of false evidence and being a false witness is a mortal sin, but what I mean is, insofar as lying has become so prevalent in the world today (thanks to Marxian Dialectical propaganda and Comitern techniques among other causes) that, when a man tells the truth, everybody, looking in the mirror and seeing a liar......like those LSD heads in newspaper photographs who sit in parks gazing rapturously at the sky to show how high they are when they're only victims momentarily of a contraction of the blood vessels and nerves in the brain that causes the illusion...
Marc Ashton|Even though I left school at age fifteen, I loved learning and continued to learn through my careers as a photojournalist, filmmaker, and explorer. I was taught that education is the great equalizer and knowledge is power. I prefer to think that knowledge is understanding; the more one knows, the less one fears.
Alfred de Vigny|God cannot alter the past, though historians can.
Cory Doctorow, Makers|Businesses are great structures for managing big projects. It’s like trying to develop the ability to walk without developing a skeleton. Once in a blue moon, you get an octopus, but for the most part, you get skeletons. Skeletons are good shit.
Immanuel Kant|El sabio puede cambiar de opinión. El necio, nunca.
Kid Cudi|Yes, I do believe that there is a cause and effect and a ripple effect upon everything everybody does, and they have positive consequences and negative consequences. If you start to focus on the kind of minutia of that, it's really quite extraordinary.
Lori Lansens, The Mountain Story|Cordelia glared at me. 'I expect if someone strapped you to table an swung an axe over your naked quivering flesh like The Pit and the Pendulum, you'd be correcting his grammar'.
Adriane Leigh, Steel and Lace: The Complete Series| 'I'm happy,' David said. 'All the time. It's amazing. I think of you and I want to smile. Do I make you want to smile?' 'No,' Alec said, and kissed him. David could feel the curve of his mouth against his own.
Arundhati Roy, The Checkbook and the Cruise Missile: Conversations with Arundhati Roy|We ought not to speak only about the economics of globalization, but about the psychology of globalization. It's like the psychology of a battered woman being faced with her husband again and being asked to trust him again. That's what is happening. We are being asked by the countries that invented nuclear weapons and chemical weapons and apartheid and modern slavery and racism - countries that have perfected the gentle art of genocide, that colonized other people for centuries - to trust them when they say that they believe in a level playing field and the equitable distribution of resources and in a better world. It seems comical that we should even consider that they really mean what they say.
Dennis Lehane, Live by Night|We all know who you are, Mr. Coughlin. Famous Yankee gangster. Friend of the colonel. It would be safer for a man to swim into the middle of the ocean and cut his own throat than to threaten you.' He solemnly made the sign of the cross. 'But when people starve and have nowhere to go, where would you have them end up?' 'Not on my land,' Joe said.'But it is not your land. It's God's. You are renting it. This rum? This life?' He patted his chest. 'We are all just renting from God.
Shaun Neil King|When you look through a window you gasp at the beautiful tree in the backyard or the magical sunrise coming over the horizon, No one looks at a window and is taken away by the complexity of the transparency of millions of atoms joined together to form, from our perception of a crystal clear yet structural opening to the exterior, the same is with life, if you spend your whole life being a medium to enable others then you will be nothing but a sheet of glass, overused, underappreciated, and fragile to opportunity
William S. Wilson, Why I Don't Write Like Franz Kafka|Inexplicably, I felt drops of icy sweat dripping up my back. I am aware that icy and sweat are contradictory by their very nature and should not be able to coexist in the same freakish bead of ICK WHAT IS THAT falling up my back. I am also aware things are not supposed to fall up. For that matter, criminals aren’t supposed to get it on with crimefighters. Yet here we were: Catwoman, Batman, icy, sweat, dripping, up. Sometimes life is like that.
Elaine Moran|The reason we have such a difficult time losing weight permanently is not because we are making bad choices, but because we are not stopping our automatic subconscious programmed behaviors in their tracks.
Debasish Mridha|Be a fountain of love and joy so that everyone can see, feel, and enjoy it.
Suzanne Ferrell, Kidnapped|Natalie was going to stay at home, cooking meals, baking pies, and making sure their life together was comfortable. When Zach came home from a hard day's work, she wanted to be there for him, not coping with her own stress and fatigue. She knew some women would object to her decision, but this was her life, and she was going to live it as she chose.
Stephenie Meyer, Eclipse|He's like a drug for you, Bella.
Edwin Meese|There's a lot of kids who look up to me, and that's humbling. Because being human, I don't want to fail them. But being human, I will. That's why it's so important to have your faith put in something that won't fail you. And that means the Son of God's kingdom.
Lyall Watson|On the other hand, in a society whose communication component is becoming more prominent day by day, both as a reality and as an issue, it is clear that language assumes a new importance.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Your anger – about matters that you think are personal and yours alone – is, in fact, the fuel for the machines of war. Your kindness towards strangers on the street is, in fact, the grace and serenity that brings millions of people together to work towards the common good of all.
Sharon Jones|Today, we stand as a united country and are much closer to the ideals set forth in our Constitution that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
Martin O'Malley|When the phonies are expelled from their leadership roles and the Republican Party backs a moderate gubernatorial candidate acceptable to the rank and file with proper financing and the intestinal fortitude to fight the good fight, the rank and file will rejoin the fold.
Brad Smith|Acorn struggles in pain to crack the hard shell and emerge. For it senses that out there… exists more and it knows it. It feels that there is a sun, even if Acorn hasn't seen it. It has felt some warmth and energy and it aches for more.
Henry Kissinger|Avoid popularity; it has many snares, and no real benefit.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|You can’t think about how much you have left to do because that’s just one thought, one sad thought, that’ll make you bummed out all day long. Instead you’ve got to think about how much you’ve already done.
Gene Wilder|Well, I'm not afraid to say something if I think it's funny, even if it's harsh or racist.
John Lanchester, Capital|I wiggled and squirmed in my seat as if I had ants in my pants, but in reality it was merely impatience.
Stephen King|I gradually realized that I was seeing another example of creative ebb, another step by another art on the road that may indeed end in extinction.
C.S. Lewis, The Horse and His Boy|Patriotism or Nationalism without reasoning is what I call “Nationalist Fundamentalism”, which is as dangerous as “Religious Fundamentalism”.
Sonu Nigam|Never, ever exercise in front of a TV or while reading. You lose 50 percent of the benefit of the exercise by not hearing and feeling your heart rate, your sweat and the pain levels that need to be encountered in fitness training.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To receive love is good, but to be loved unconditionally, I don’t know what’s greater than that.
Pat Conroy, My Losing Season: A Memoir|Loss invites reflection and reformulating and a change of strategies. Loss hurts and bleeds and aches. Loss is always ready to call out your name in the night. Loss follows you home and taunts you at the breakfast table, follows you to work in the morning. You have to make accommodations and broker deals to soften the rabbit punches that loss brings to your daily life. You have to take the word "loser" and add it to your resume and walk around with it on your name tag as it hand-feeds you your own shit in dosages too large for even great beasts to swallow. The word "loser" follows you, bird-dogs you, sniffs you out of whatever fields you hide in because you have to face things clearly and you cannot turn away from what is true.
Zeena Schreck, Demons of the Flesh: The Complete Guide to Left Hand Path Sex Magic|Zeena believes that the breaking of taboos creates access to blocked energy that is let loose in a forceful way. The left-hand path is about consciously breaking with a ‘sleepwalker orthodoxy’ to be able to act as a fully awaken and conscious individual. In her book, George Orwell (1984) is quoted: “Orthodoxy means not thinking – not needing to think. Orthodoxy is unconsciousness.” At the same time she notes that the left-hand path is the ‘way of action’. It is not about intellectual contemplation, or worse, just reading about action.'About Zeena Schreck by Malin Fitger from: Contemporary notions of Kundalini, its backgroundand role within new Western religiosity, University of Stockholm, 2004
|Some spend their lives chasing money; while some live theirs with a strong positive purpose, but then you have those who spend their lifetime on earth running away from both.
Marty Rubin|Silence was my sister's weapon. When people hurt or angered her, she never got loud like Mom or mean and smart-ass like me. Silence was how she fought back. It wasn't passive, or an act of helplessness: it was a cold cruel withering blade, lasting far longer than my mother's rage or my own antagonism, strong enough to make us practically beg for forgiveness every time. Except now her weapon had gone haywire, turned on herself, driven her from her home and her support system and into what-knew-what kind of danger.
Jake Bible|A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a broken spirit saps a person's strength
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|We can surely no longer pretend that our children are growing up into a peaceful, secure, and civilized world. We've come to the point where it's irresponsible to try to protect them from the irrational world they will have to live in when they grow up. The children themselves haven't yet isolated themselves by selfishness and indifference; they do not fall easily into the error of despair; they are considerably braver than most grownups. Our responsibility to them is not to pretend that if we don't look, evil will go away, but to give them weapons against it.
John Wooden|Suffering, failure, loneliness, sorrow, discouragement, and death will be part of your journey, but the Kingdom of God will conquer all these horrors. No evil can resist grace forever.
Andy Flynn|What you mean to me is something out of the ordinary, cause even a whole of a dictionary won't be able to describe it!
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|...to be lost is to be fully present, and to be fully present is to be capable of being in uncertainty and mystery. And one does not get lost but loses oneself, with the implication that it is a conscious choice, a chosen surrender...
Santino Hassell, Evenfall|Flowers of sin, like some black sun,Bloom in my dreams Their perfume-sodden fragrance Spreading through each heartbeat.
Raymond E. Feist, Rage of a Demon King|Every once in a while, and it happens only several times a year if I am lucky, I will feel astonishment that I exist, that I am sitting, standing, perceiving, and that others perceive me...It is probably a good thing I am not always so aware of my existence because otherwise I would walk about in a haze of wonder embracing things.
Nicholas Sparks, The Rescue|You're going to come across people in your life who will say all the right words at all the right times. But in the end, it's always their actions you should judge them by. It's actions, not words, that matter.
Mary Maina, The Proverbs 31 Lady: Unveiling Her Secrets Before Saying I Do|It is Jesus that The Proverbs 31 Lady seeks when she dreams of happiness; He is waiting for her when nothing else she finds satisfies her; He is the beauty to which she is so attracted to; it is He who provoked her with that thirst for fullness that will not let her settle for compromise; it is He who urges her to shed the masks of a false life; it is He who reads in her heart her most genuine choices, the choices that others try to suppress.Do you desire to be that Lady of God? God desires a relationship with you. He's made this relationship possible by sending His Son. That inner void is filled through a relationship with the Lord. The place to start to fulfill the longing in your heart is to trust in the Lord for His salvation and allow the Holy Spirit to work within you to satisfy your thirst. As we go together to the well that never runs dry, I know the savior of our soul will meet us there. We will drink from the water of life He gives, the water that quenches our thirsty souls.
Debasish Mridha|For success, focus has utmost importance, but distraction is disastrous.
Sunday Adelaja|For many people the way to success is long and hard, because they do not understand Biblicalprinciples and the laws of the spirit.
Wiley Cash, A Land More Kind Than Home|Sometimes life is hard. Things go wrong—in life and in love and in business and in friendship and in health and in all the other ways that life can go wrong. And when things get tough, this is what you should do: make good art. . . . Someone on the internet thinks what you’re doing is stupid or evil or it’s all been done before: make good art. Probably things will work out somehow, eventually time will take the sting away, and it doesn’t even matter. Do what only you can do best: make good art.
Alvar Aalto|Building art is a synthesis of life in materialised form. We should try to bring in under the same hat not a splintered way of thinking, but all in harmony together.
Ann Brashares|Where the waters do agree, it is quite wonderful the relief they give.
Martin R. Lemieux|So many parents think they always need to teach their children about life, when in fact, if they listened once in a while, they would learn from their kids what life is truly about.
Augusten Burroughs, Lust & Wonder|My heart is beating like it's lonely, like there's nothing else inside of me.
Melanie Benjamin, Alice I Have Been|But oh my dear, I am tired of being Alice in Wonderland. Does it sound ungrateful? It is. Only I do get tired.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Normance|My Illusionist, will you take me into a world filled with timeless magic?
Mohadesa Najumi|Your fear of becoming a cliche is what turns you into one. If you remove the fear, we are all really walking contradictions, hypocrites and paradoxical cliches
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|How did you get back?' asked Vautrin. 'I walked,' replied Eugene.'I wouldn't like half-pleasures, myself,' observed the tempter. 'I'd want to go there in my own carriage, have my own box, and come back in comfort. All or nothing, that's my motto.''And a very good one,' said Madame Vauquer.
L.  Benitez, Shinobi 7: Trials of a Warrior|So these are the fresh meat, eh?” Zuko smirked. I cringed when he said fresh meat. How demeaning. “Well, I don’t know how well all of you can fight. So I’ll find out the quickest and simplest way.” He raised a scarred arm and pointed it at all of us, “ATTACK THE FRESH MEAT!
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|Despite your best efforts, people are going to be hurt when it's time for them to be hurt.
Alexandra Elle, Words from a Wanderer|these "sometimey" feelings are welcomed to stay... reminiscent of ying and yang: they need eachother to help me get through the good & bad days
Zara Larsson|My parents were dishonest people. If it was my birthday, I knew my mother took me to the K-Mart and she stole my toy. She'd put it in the shopping cart and we'd walk out. I was raised with that.
Kamand Kojouri|What happens when I love, you ask, does the world start making sense? No, my dear, it does not. But it won’t matter to you then.
Anne Rice|I touched the small sacred images. I shook my head and bit my lip, as if to say, How awful that he should have stolen these! But I also found it very funny. And further proof that God had no power over me.
Aleksandra Ninkovic|The seer does not see, by choice, what the blind can see by default... from within.
Linda Fiorentino|It was my father who taught us that an immigrant must work twice as hard as anybody else, that he must never give up.
G.K. Chesterton|Riding a Dragon is amazing, exhilarating, and murder on the thighs.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|But I don't want comfort. I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness, I want sin.''In fact,' said Mustapha Mond, 'you're claiming the right to be unhappy.' 'All right then,' said the Savage defiantly, 'I'm claiming the right to be unhappy.''Not to mention the right to grow old and ugly and impotent; the right to have syphilis and cancer; the right to have too little to eat; the right to be lousy; the right to live in constant apprehension of what may happen tomorrow; the right to catch typhoid; the right to be tortured by unspeakable pains of every kind.' There was a long silence. 'I claim them all,' said the Savage at last.Mustapha Mond shrugged his shoulders. 'You're welcome," he said.
Sara Dardikh, Baci nell'ombra|L'essere notata non mi va a genio, questo mi pare chiaro.
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|Some circumstantial evidence is very strong, as when you find a trout in the milk.
Surgeo Bell|Dear my brothers there is no more room for wanting to be a thug, BUT there is PLENTY of room for being a father, lawyer, doctor and a teacher. Please take this in consideration!
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Some people are disappointed in their life because they are trying to use the tools that God did not authorised them to use in their life, trying to build on a purpose that is not even attached in their personality.
Tony Moyle, The Limpet Syndrome|Real power isn't the ability to harm or meddle, Real power is overcoming your frailty when every sinew of your mind tells you it's impossible. Real power is facing up to your problems when you want to hid from them. Real power is picking yourself up from a fall and redoubling your efforts. Real power is the strength to choose what is right.
Ian Hamilton Finlay|People are moving into modes of participation and self-generation, which apply to everything from museums and television to architecture.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|Anytime I hear about another one of us gone berserk, shooting up his ex’s office or drowning her kids to free herself up for her Internet boyfriend, the question I always ask is not, like every other tongue-clucking pundit in the country, how could this have happened? but why doesn't this happen every day?
Ann Patchett, State of Wonder|I'll always choose a teacher with enthusiasm and weak technique over one with brilliant strategies but who is just punching the clock. Why? An enthusiastic teacher can learn technique, but it is almost impossible to light a fire inside the charred heart of a burned-out teacher.
Lenny Kravitz|My music had roots which I'd dug up from my own childhood, musical roots buried in the darkest soil.
Dannielle Wicks, Fading Away|She looks so broken, I don't want to hurt her more.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|How is it that some celebrities, whom the average person would believe to have all the popularity a human being could want, still admit to feeling lonely? It is quite naive to assume that popularity is the remedy for loneliness. Loneliness does not necessarily equal physical solitude, it is the inability to be oneself and rightfully represented as oneself.
Gavin Newsom|Without education, you are not going anywhere in this world.
Christian Slater|It's never been my purpose to become an American icon, or more famous or richer.
Douglas Adams|I value an entrepreneur I can get behind and trust, because I know they are attempting to move forward in life.
Neil Gaiman|My mother lived alone in the ruins of the great Library, which was called Compleat, and a very passionate and dashing Library indeed. Under the slightly blackened rafters and more than slightly caved-in walls, my mother lived and read and dreamed, allowing herself to grow closer and closer to Compleat, to notice more and more how fine and straight his shelves remained, despite great structural stress. That sort of moral fortitude is rare in this day and age. By and by, my siblings and I were born and romped on the balconies, raced up and down the splintered ladders, and pored over many encyclopedias and exciting novels. I know just everything about everything—so long as it beings with A through L.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Do not forget, do not ever forget, that you have promised me to use the money to make yourself an honest man.'Valjean, who did not recall having made any promise, was silent. The bishop had spoken the words slowly and deliberately. He concluded with a solemn emphasis:Jean Valjean, my brother, you no longer belong to what is evil but to what is good. I have bought your soul to save it from black thoughts and the spirit of perdition, and I give it to God.
Robert Frost, Interviews With Robert Frost|Keats mourned that the rainbow, which as a boy had been for him a magic thing, had lost its glory because the physicists had found it resulted merely from the refraction of the sunlight by the raindrops. Yet knowledge of its causation could not spoil the rainbow for me. I am sure that it is not given to man to be omniscient. There will always be something left to know, something to excite the imagination of the poet and those attuned to the great world in which they live (p. 64)
Holly Bourne|Though the world was hazy, all I could think about was love. And how I'd never had it. How I would never understand what it felt like to fall asleep knowing another person was thinking of you. I would never have someone touch the small of my back as they steered me through a crowd. I would never know the contour of someone's face off-by-heart, and yet not be bored with it. And, as I sank to the grey, chewing-gum stained carpet, all I could think was how sad that was.
Roger Federer|You win a race, the next race it's a question mark. Are you still the best or not? That's what is funny. But that's what is interesting. And that's what is challenging. You have to prove yourself every time.
James Thurber|If a dog jumps into your lap, it is because he is fond of you; but if a cat does the same thing, it is because your lap is warmer.
Steve Maraboli|For all its accolades and celebrated recognition as sound guidance, I have personally noticed that sometimes, 'follow your heart,' is really bad advice.
Marcel Danesi, X-Rated!: The Power of Mythic Symbolism in Popular Culture|This has suggested to some that the very structure of human thought is oppositional-that is to say, rational and associative, rather than linear and categorical.
Samuel Richardson|I love the diversity of America. I love the plain, normal sense of humor Americans have. It is not wicked, like in some countries. And I also love how new America is.
Tullian Tchividjian, One Way Love:  Inexhaustible Grace for an Exhausted World|The hub of Christianity is not 'do something for Jesus.' The hub of Christianity is 'Jesus has done everything for you.' And my fear is that too many people, both inside and outside the church, have heard our pleas for intensified devotion and concluded that the focus of Christian faith is our love for God instead of God's love for us. Don't get me wrong--what we do is important. But it is infinitely less important than what Jesus has done for us.
Nora Ephron|Summer bachelors like summer breezes, are never as cool as they pretend to be.
Stephen King, The Mist|One of his followers murmured agreement, but another quietly slipped away. Now there was Norton and four others. Maybe that wasn't so bad. Christ Himself could only find twelve.
Jane Wilson-Howarth, A Glimpse of Eternal Snows: A Journey of Love and Loss in the Himalayas|… everything was fresh, green and particularly beautiful. Afternoon light, filtering between remnants of monsoon clouds, picked out gullies and spot-lit patches of forest and scrub on the convoluted ridges of the rim of the Kathmandu Valley. Or, after a rainstorm, wisps of clouds clung to the trees as if scared to let go. Behind, himals peeked out shyly between the clouds.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Where ever you are accepted, stay there.
Robyn Carr, Any Day Now|My best advice is this - by the time you meet your Maker, and may it be a long, long time from now, I hope you can close your eyes on a life where you did your damn best and tried your damn hardest. It's not winning that's really winning. It's never giving up.
Celso Cukierkorn|Jack Speight undid me, then I almost undid myself. But I've undone some of the bad, too, some of the damage. With help. With luck and love.
Kelly Lynch|I was that kind of kid that was going to the movies every weekend, I couldn't get enough of the movies, and now I get to make them. So I kind of have a one-track mind.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|We heal up through being loved, and through loving others. We don't heal by forming a secret society of one - by assessing about the only other 'one' we might admit, and being doomed to disappointment.
Sloane Crosley|My grandmother was a kind of Scarsdale, New York, society woman, best known in her day as the author of the 1959 book 'Growing Your Own Way: An Informal Guide for Teen-Agers' - this despite being a person whose parenting style made Joan Crawford's wire hangers look like pool noodles.
Jeffrey Archer, A Prisoner of Birth|He was becoming aware that there was no such thing as over-the-top with Lawrence Davenport, as long as you were talking to Lawrence Davenport about Lawrence Davenport.
Melissa Anelli, Harry, a History: The True Story of a Boy Wizard, His Fans, and Life Inside the Harry Potter Phenomenon|She wasn't the only one to be physically morphed by reader expectation. Miss Havisham was now elderly whether she liked it or not, and Sherlock Holmes wore a deerstalker and smoked a ridiculously large pipe. The problem wasn't just confined to the classics. Harry Potter was seriously pissed off that he'd have to spend the rest of life looking like Daniel Radcliffe.
Cornel West, Breaking Bread: Insurgent Black Intellectual Life|We have to recognise that there cannot be relationships unless there is commitment, unless there is loyalty, unless there is love, patience, persistence.
Isaac Asimov|History isn't just the story of bad people doing bad things. It's quite as much a story of people trying to do good things. But somehow, something goes wrong.
Arika Okrent|When one heated exchange (in English) led a commenter to write "Go fuck yourself!" in Lojban, it turned into a lengthy discussion of why he hadn't said what he meant to say, and what the proper Lojban expression for the sentiment might be.
Patrick L.O. Lumumba|I believe that we have reached a stage in life in the economic development of Africa where moving forward is perilous, moving backwards is cowardice and standing still is suicidal but we must persevere because winners do not quit and quitter never win.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Essays and Aphorisms|A man can be himself only so long as he is alone; and if he does not love solitude, he will not love freedom; for it is only when he is alone that he is really free.
Solomon ibn Gabirol|Don't believe everything you read or hear, remember a large part of our world is made up of fiction!!
Joyce Chapman|If your dream is a big dream, and if you want your life to work on the high level that you say you do, there's no way around doing the work it takes to get you there.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|Maybe America didn't need art and inner miracles. It had so many outer ones. The USA was a big operation, very big. The more it, the less we.
Jean Baker Miller|In a basic sense, the greater the development of each individual the more able, more effective, and less needy of limiting or restricting others she or he will be.
TOOTS888|In a formal socialization, no one individual can stand without the other to rely on, regardless of the situation.
John Fowles, The Magus|I will tell you what war is. War is a psychosis caused by an inability to see relationships. Our relationship with our fellowmen. Our relationship with our economic and historical situation. And above all our relationship to nothingness, to death.
Sunday Adelaja|These demands of life are so universal that either we like it or not, we are going to come across them one way or another. The response we give determines what our lives become.
|A staggering amount of people blame their lives for their miseries, but little do they know that one's repeated interpretations of one's life create one's constant feelings.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A great chunk of our lives is wasted on thoughts that bring nothing. We all think about something but, in the end, we only close the day thinking a lot and doing nothing but little.
Judith Ivory|That really pissed me off, because I am worth it, goddamn it!”“I know you—”“Still talking here!
Simon Mainwaring|To some extent, Seattle remains a frontier metropolis, a place where people can experiment with their lives, and change and grow and make things happen.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts! Before we begin our banquet, I would like to say a few words. And here they are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|For that thought to be strong, however, it must be free of doubt, for doubt weakens the will, weakens the response of the universe, and slows the manifestation of desire.
Matthew D. Heines, Deceptions of the Ages: "Mormons" Freemasons and Extraterrestrials|Wisdom of the Ages: "Boxing Day" In the UK, the day after Christmas is named after the first activity that takes place between husband and wife after the Christmas receipts are added up.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|As in most fairy tales, there's a prince and a princess, dragons and some magic, and the feeling it gives you that anything is possible if we could stay this way forever.
Jane Nicolet, Letters for Grace: One Mother's Journey|Don't be afraid of the space between what has been and can be. Simply spend a quiet moment to wrap and warm yourself within your own arms . . . then step forward. There is a door just ahead, opening into the light of a new time."​- From Letters for Grace
Sarah Thiessen|Sarah, insight doesn't produce change.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|The moment when someone attaches you to a philosophy or a movement, then they assign all the baggage and all the rest of the philosophy that goes with it to you. And when you want to have a conversation, they will assert that they already know everything important there is to know about you because of that association. And that's not the way to have a conversation.
Kate Angell, Squeeze Play|Outer beauty attracts, but inner beauty captivates.
E. O. Wilson|The climate, the economic situation, rising birth rates; none of these things give me a lot of hope or reason to be optimistic.
Mensah Oteh|Gratitude is the key to wealth and abundance, so learn to be grateful in all things.
Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum|Any fact becomes important when it’s connected to another. The connection changes the perspective; it leads you to think that every detail of the world, every voice, every word written or spoken has more than its literal meaning, that it tells us a Secret.
Redzel Romulo|When you go through a bad relationship and finally dust yourself off, there's a vulnerability that goes along with that.
Brené Brown|Daring to set boundaries is about having the courage to love ourselves, even when we risk disappointing others.
M. Scott Peck|He believes it’s time to redesign Evil from the ground up; to face the challenges and opportunities of a diverse, rapidly changing society.“He’s thinking of calling it,” said Miss Gold, “New Evil.
Mark Nepo, The Book of Awakening: Having the Life You Want by Being Present to the Life You Have|It’s like wearing gloves every time we touch something, and then, forgetting we chose to put them on, we complain that nothing feels quite real.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|[T]hen all collapsed, and the great shroud of the sea rolled on as it rolled five thousand years ago.
Michael Moore|You can't build an adaptable organization without adaptable people - and individuals change only when they have to, or when they want to.
Rich Hoffman|Be calm, be brave, it'll be okay.
John Flavel|The world is not a theater large enough to display the glory of Christ upon or unfold even half of the unsearchable riches that lie hidden in Him. And such is the deliciousness of this subject, Christ, that were there ten thousand volumes written upon it, they would never become tiring to the heart. We used to say that any one thing can finally tire us and this is true, except about this one eminent thing, Christ, and then one can never tire, for such is the variety of sweetness in Christ.
Gene Edward Veith Jr., Reading Between the Lines|It was a relief to inhabit someone else's life for a while, to get her personal issues for a brief respite. In a play, she knew exactly how all her character's problems would be resolved. No matter how the cast performed, the end turned out the same. No questions, no worries, no unknowns.
Lauryn Hill|A friend once said, and I found to be true,That everyday people, they lie to God too,So what makes you think, that they won't lie to you.
Clarissa Dickson Wright, Greener Life|I don't know it is that I always feel that other people can create things but that I can't. I imagine it's simpler living in remote tribes or communities where one is obliged to have a go or else you have to do without. I suppose it is fear of failure in an age where political correctness is trying to erase the word 'failure' from the language. It's OK to fail isn't it, but only if you've tried? What is so bizarre is that when one does try, one rarely falls short. Obviously some people do things better than others but if it gives you pleasure, then so what? As my grandmother used to say, 'patience and perseverance made a bishop of his reverence!' So don't say you can't make candles or soap or that you can't spin or weave until you've tried it. As for mending, well, if you're not throwing everything away, then you have no option but to make do and mend. After all, the only way to get rid of shopping malls and supermarkets with their food miles is for people not to shop in those places and the way to cure this mercenary mercantile world is to make your own things.
Kimberly Morgan, On Angels and Rabbit Holes|Dawn is a friend of the muses, even if they aren't awake to appreciate it.
Buzz Aldrin|By venturing into space, we improve life for everyone here on Earth - scientific advances and innovations that come from this kind of research create products we use in our daily lives.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
Jude Deveraux|Time has no meaning,Love will endure..
Gugu Mona|Peace is significant for any country that seeks prosperity, because it is easier to uplift the economy in a peaceful environment.
Stephen R. Donaldson, The Man Who Killed His Brother|I was sitting at the bar of the Hegira that night when Ginny came in. The barkeep, an ancient sad-eyed patriarch named Jose, had just poured me another drink, and I was having one of those rare moments any serious drunk can tell you about. A piece of real quiet. Jose's cheeks bristled because he didn't shave very often, and his apron was dingy because it didn't get washed very often, and his fingernails had little crescents of grime under them. The glass he poured for me wasn't all that clean. But the stuff he poured was golden-amber and beautiful, like distilled sunlight, and it made the whole place soothing as sleep—which drunks know how to value because they don't get much of it.
Mary Balogh, Simply Perfect|I would rather my enemy's sword pierce my heart then my friend's dagger stab me in the back." Faustus - Don't Talk Back To Your Vampire
Anonymous|Women and cars are alike. Once they start giving you problems, get rid of them.
Steve Maraboli|The way he looks at me makes me ache, but it isn’t fair. He hurt me first. He caused this ache from the start. This inside out, churning pain that feels mental and physical now.I fiddle with my hands, peering up at him again, and all I can think is, God, I wish he’d stop staring at me like that.
Lady Gaga|To this day, some of my closest friends say, 'Gaga, you know, everything's great. You're a singer; your dreams have come true.' But, still, when certain things are said to you over and over again as you're growing up, it stays with you and you wonder if they're true.
Paul Silway|And don't go whining to God about it. It was pretty clear that there was no God up there, no kindly old gent looking down, keeping score in a notebook. You did good, you did bad, it didn't make any difference, did it? This one's going to heaven, this one's going to hell, this one's going to Disneyland.No. God wouldn't have let any of this shit happen. If you were going to believe in anything, then believe in the devil. He was much more real than God. Up there causing mischief. Laughing at the chaos he'd created.
John Milton|I should have shouted "No" and left him. "But at least" said Satan in the deeps of my mind, "know what the temptation is before you do anything hastily.
Robin S. Sharma|Illegal immigration costs taxpayers $45 billion a year in health care, education, and incarceration expenses.
Catherine Gilbert Murdock, Princess Ben|Despite all my public misconduct, in the past year, I had learned the Elemental spells, the Doppelschläferin, and the preparation and flying of a magic broom; I had survived two months as prisoner of war, saving the life of captain Johanne in the process; I had escaped the dungeons of Fortress Drachensbett, and after an arduous journey successfully reunited with my double, so preserving her, and all Montagne, from Prince Flonian's rapacity, I would somehow master the despicable art of being a princess.
Nicolle Wallace|Mum left school at 15, and after a few years of modelling and dating jazz musicians, was married by 21 to my father, Mike Taylor, a journalist on the 'Daily Mirror.' They had my brother and me pretty quickly and had split up by the time I was two. I don't really have any memories of them as a couple.
Vincent Van Gogh|It is impossible to make people understand their ignorance, for it requires knowledge to perceive it; and, therefore, he that can perceive it hath it not.
Kerry Washington|If a great outfit gets you one step closer to feeling good about yourself, then it's worth every penny.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|While faith may seem hard to reach sometimes and hope is invisible, that doesn't lessen the power of either of the two...Some of the things that we can't see or physically touch have the strongest power...Hope, faith and love are some of the best tools that we have been given in life.
John Biggins, A Sailor of Austria: In Which, Without Really Intending to, Otto Prohaska Becomes Official War Hero No. 27 of the Habsburg Empire|I have lived now for over a century, yet I can still say with complete confidence that no one can claim to have plumbed the depths of human misery who has not shared the fore-ends of a submarine with a camel.
W. Somerset Maugham|As far as we can tell from a purely scientific viewpoint, human life has absolutely no meaning. Humans are the outcome of blind evolutionary processes that operate without goal or purpose. Our actions are not part of some divine cosmic plan, and if planet earth were to blow up tomorrow morning, the universe would probably keep going about its business as usual. As far as we can tell at this point, human subjectivity would not be missed. Hence any meaning that people inscribe to their lives is just a delusion.
Gayle Forman, I Was Here|Sometimes we meet people and are so symbiotic with them, it’s as if we are one person, with one mind, one destiny.
Sōseki Natsume, Kokoro|Cathy, don't look so defeated. She was only trying to put us downagain.Maybe nothing did work out right for her, but that doesn't mean we aredoomed. Let's go forth tomorrow with no great expectations of findingperfection. Then, expecting only a small share of happiness, we won'tbe disappointed."If a little hill of happiness would satisfy Chris, good for him. Butafter all these years of striving, hoping, dreaming, longing-I wanted amountain high! A hill wasn't enough. From this day forward, I vowedto myself, I was in control of my life. Not fate, notGod, not even Chris was ever again going to tell me what to do, ordominate me in any way. From this day forward, I was my own person, totake what I would, when I would, and I would answer only to myself. I'dbeen kept prisoner, held captive by greed. I'd been betrayed,deceived, tied to, used, poisoned ... but all that was over now.
Abraham Lincoln|It will, of course, be understood that directly or indirectly, soon or late, every advance in the sciences of human nature will contribute to our success in controlling human nature and changing it to the advantage of the common weal.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|You build walls to fortify your heart,and blame on others for your loneliness.
Brene Brown|For a people who are free, and who mean to remain so, a well-organized and armed militia is their best security.
Shelby Foote, The Civil War, Vol. 1: Fort Sumter to Perryville|I hear of a convention to be held at Baltimore, or elsewhere, for the selection of a candidate for the Presidency, made up chiefly of editors, and men who are politicians by profession; but I think, what is it to any independent, intellegent, and respectable man what decision they may come to? Shall we not have the advantage of his wisdom and honesty, nevertheless? Can we not count upon some independent votes? Are there not many individuals in the country who do not attend conventions? But no: I find that the respectable man, so called, has immediately drifted from his position, and despairs of his country, when his country has more reason to despair of him. He forthwith adopts one of the candidates thus selected as his only AVAILABLE one, thus proving that he is himself AVAILABLE for any purposes of the demagogue. His vote is of no more worth than that of any unprincipled foreigner or hireling native, who may have been bought.
Hillel F. Damron|Briefer is better, so learn to write tight
Gerard de Marigny, Signs of War|There will be pages. Lots and lots of pages. Most of the pages will have letters on them, and a vast majority of these letters will be in the Roman alphabet.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn from seeds to rise, no matter how much dirt is thrown at you.
Jeanine Basinger, I Do and I Don't: A History of Marriage in the Movies|Prose before hoes, muthafucka! I’ll be right over.
Brenna Yovanoff, The Space Between|Although human beings are incapable of talking about themselves with total honesty, it is much harder to avoid the truth while pretending to be other people. They often reveal much about themselves in a very straightforward way. I am certain that I did. There is nothing that says more about its creator than the work itself.
Queen Rania of Jordan|Without a moral framework, there is nothing left but immediate self-indulgence by some and the path of least resistance by others. Neither can sustain a free society.
Sting|Honesty is the cornerstone of all success, without which confidence and ability to perform shall cease to exist.
Pedro Okoro, Crushing the Devil: Your Guide to Spiritual Warfare and Victory in Christ|Sometimes when jerks become Christians, it's like a bully learning karate. Instead of having Christ transform our hearts and attitudes, we now have a new method with which to beat you up....what was once just 'forcing everyone to agree with my opinion' is now 'forcing everyone to agree with my opinion in the name of God.
Bobby Charlton, Sir Bobby Charlton: The Autobiography: My Manchester United Years|I've never questioned the integrity of an umpire. Their eyesight, yes.
Charles Spurgeon|Look folks, we know who built this country and we know who is going to rebuild it. It's you. Instead of vilifying you, we should be thanking you. We owe you.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The March of Folly: From Troy to Vietnam|It may be that the voice of the people is the voice of God 51 times out of 100. But the remaining 49 times, it is the voice of the devil, or worse, the voice of a fool. Theodore Roosevelt
Joni M. Fisher|If anyone does not understand you, just go for consensus. If not, do not move further, the solution is, just abandon it.
Onyi Anyado|Entrepreneur, take a bite out of Apple's innovation so in turn you can bear fruits of creativity.
Douglas Adams|Routine is a declivity down which many governments slide, and routine says that freedom of the press is dangerous.
Lev S. Vygotsky|Leave your pride, ego, and narcissism somewhere else. Reactions from those parts of you will reinforce your children's most primitive fears.
Marianne Williamson|Peace is not only better than war, but infinitely more arduous.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|A fool believes that math adds up, but also believes that they can master luck.
Italo Calvino, Mr Palomar|If the ancients had been able to see it as I see it now, Mr. Palomar thinks, they would have thought they had projected their gaze into the heaven of Plato's ideas, or in the immaterial space of the postulates of Euclid; but instead, thanks to some misdirection or other, this sight has been granted to me, who fear it is too beautiful to be true, too gratifying to my imaginary universe to belong to the real world. But perhaps it is this same distrust of our senses that prevents us from feeling comfortable in the universe. Perhaps the first rule I must impose on myself is this: stick to what I see.
Anne Rouen, Master of Illusion|It is true, Monsieur, that when you die, the ones who love you come for you ... I have seen it.
Vladimir Kramnik|Though beauty gives you a weird sense of entitlement, it's rather frightening and threatening to have others ascribe such importance to something you know you're just renting for a while.
Chimnese Davids, My Unrequited Love Letters|I just want some time, Mikhail, to think things through. It’s frightening, the way I am about you. I think about you every minute; I want to touch you, just to know I can, to feel you beneath my fingers. It’s as if you crawled into my head and my heart, even my body, and I can’t get you out.
Ron Suskind, A Hope in the Unseen: An American Odyssey from the Inner City to the Ivy League|Nonetheless, the fact remains; he had hope in a better world he could not yet see that overwhelmed the cries of "you can't" or "you won't" or "why bother." More than anything else, mastering that faith, on cue, is what separated him from his peers, and distinguishes him from so many people in these literal, sophisticated times. It has made all the difference.
Jonathan Safran Foer|I think and think and think, I‘ve thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Thorns|Free-will doesn't include shit-happens,unless that's the goal of one's intention.
Virginia Morell|How is it that animals understand things I do not know, but it is certain that they do understand. Perhaps there is a language that is not made up of words & everything in this world understands it. Perhaps there is a soul hidden in everything & it can always speak, without making a sound, to another soul.
D.D. Barant, Dying Bites|I've got a bad case of the 3:00 am guilts - you know, when you lie in bed awake and replay all those things you didn't do right? Because, as we all know, nothing solves insomnia like a nice warm glass of regret, depression and self-loathing.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|This is the power of myth: that we can experience invisible spiritual realities and truths greater than visible, material things in story form.
Daphne du Maurier, Don't Look Now: Selected Stories|One does not hate as long as one disesteems, but only when one esteems equal or superior
Atul Purohit|I love you more than depth of the ocean, but I can't let you feel the pain of it...lines from Love Vs destiny....
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The fall of the nation, there is no;Faithfulness, Kindness and Knowledge of God in your sacred land.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Great Satan "Eblis"|She disappeared; her voice, her laughter and the warmth of her breath never seen by no one again.
Richard Siken, Crush|We pull our boots on with both handsbut we can't punch ourselves awake and all I can do is stand on the curb and say Sorryabout the blood in your mouth. I wish it was mine.I couldn't get the boy to kill me, but I wore his jacket for the longest time.
Magda Alexander, Storm Damages|His power, his intense masculinity, hit me like a semi, sucking the air out of my lungs. He doesn't help matters when he steps closer, forcing me to look up at him. My five seven is no match against his six three.
Debasish Mridha|If you are expecting something in return for your love, you are not loving truly.
Guillaume Faye, Why We Fight|As Christians, we are not to beg for signs and wonders but, to command them all the time and not some of the time.
Marina Keegan|We don't have a word for the opposite of loneliness, but if we did, I could say that's what I want in life. What I'm grateful and thankful to have found at Yale, and what I'm scared of losing when we wake up tomorrow after Commencement and leave this place. “It's not quite love and it's not quite community; it's just this feeling that there are people, an abundance of people, who are in this together. Who are on your team. When the check is paid and you stay at the table. When it's four A.M. and no one goes to bed. That night with the guitar. That night we can't remember. That time we did, we went , we saw, we laughed, we felt. The hats.
Friedrich Nietzsche|From the days of old, those who walk in the way have replaced those who deviate therefrom; those who lack virtue have fallen before those who possess it. Can one escape fate?
C.S. Lewis, The Horse and His Boy|We are a little land. And little lands on the borders of a great empire were always hateful to the lords of the great empire. He longs to blot them out, gobble them up.
Mary Roach, Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers|In 1912, a man named Franz Reichelt jumped off the Eiffel Tower wearing a parachute suit he designed himself. He jumped to test his invention--he expected to fly--but instead he fell straight down, hitting the ground like a meteor and leaving a 5.9-inch-deep crater from the impact. Did he mean to kill himself? Doubtful. I think he was just cocky, and also stupid.
Gabriel García Márquez|She asked him to come and see her that night. He agreed, in order to get away, knowing that he was incapable of going. But that night, in his burning bed, he understood that he had to go see her, even if he were not capable. He got dressed by feel, listening in the dark to his brother's calm breathing, the dry cough of his father in the next room, the asthma of the hens in the courtyard, the buzz of the mosquitoes, the beating of his heart, and the inordinate bustle of a world that he had not noticed until then, and he went out in the sleeping street.
Charles Stanley|I'm healthy, have a loving and adorable family, great hunting dogs, a gravity defying musical career and most importantly, fuzzy-headed idiots hate me.
Tahereh Mafi, Furthermore|Mother often said that she could never be bothered to understand why Alice did the things she did, and now, more than ever, Alice thought never being bothered was a very lazy way to love someone.
Hamdi Ulukaya|We need to become good citizens in the global village, instead of competing. What are we competing for - to drive more cars, eat more steaks? That will destroy the world.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Hell is not a place, but a state of mind born from stress. Hell holds our insecurities, our fears, and it is ultimately the domicile of the devil within. The devil breathes and thrives in the fragment of our hearts that we dare not visit; yet, we can only make peace with ourselves by diving into the pits of hell and having an honest conversation with the devil himself.
John M. Sheehan|A true revolution is about making those who are comfortable with corruption, uncomfortable. It's about pointing your fingers in the right direction and with nothing but the truth, will comes power. A power not to exploit the Liberian people. But an ability to restore liberty, justice, and prosperity for all.
Sidonie Gabrielle Colette|Ghost! I miss him! Is that weird? I miss him even though I invented him. I feel a lot of tenderness toward him. I don't write a lot of stuff that is sad or that is tender and affectionate, so that has a very special place in my heart.
Tahereh Mafi, Shatter Me|You shine like the sun and you move like water. Your eyes are the perfect mix of gray and brown, like fog in the woods, and you smell like lilacs in the summer. I think if you laughed, it would sound like music.
Robert Fulghum, True Love|We’re all a little weird. And life is a little weird. And when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutually satisfying weirdness—and call it love—true love.
Philippe Petit, To Reach the Clouds: My High Wire Walk Between the Twin Towers|Wirewalker, trust your feet! Let them lead you; they know the way.
Christine Feehan, Oceans of Fire|It is an anxious, sometimes a dangerous thing to be a doll. Dolls cannot choose; they can only be chosen; they cannot 'do'; they can only be done by.
Stan Goff, Full Spectrum Disorder: The Military in the New American Century|Even scientists and academics are frequent prey to the delusion that reality is reducible. Fear, deep and wide, is the secret motive force of much human behavior, and I think reduction is often rooted in fear. Passing over fear, I think, is the beginning of every liberatory project.
Richard C. Lewontin|The foreign policy aim of ants can be summed up as follows: restless aggression, territorial conquest, and genocidal annihilation of neighboring colonies whenever possible. If ants had nuclear weapons, they would probably end the world in a week.
Gabriel Brunsdon|If we want to create Heaven on earth, we must be the creators of Heaven on earth. This means we must choose to infuse honor and love into each experience, with every soul and creature we encounter. In its simplest form, this is what Angels do.
Con Template, Welcome to the Underworld|Tell me, Choi Yoori...are your lips as soft as they look?
Oscar Wilde, A House of Pomegranates|What men call the shadow of the body is not the shadow of the body, but is the body of the soul.
bell hooks, Communion: The Female Search for Love|The one person who will never leave us, whom we will never lose, is ourself. Learning to love our female selves is where our search for love must begin.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|nothing would be more fatal than for the Government of States to get in the hands of experts. Expert knowledge is limited knowledge, and the unlimited ignorance of the plain man who knows where it hurts is a safer guide than any rigorous direction of a specialized character.
Herodotus|All knowledge of cultural reality, as may be seen, is always knowledge from particular points of view.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There lies within thy soul sunshine, let it radiate the sacred light.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|It's hard enough being alive, trying to survive in the world and find your place in it, to do the things you need to do to get by, without wondering if the thing you just did, whatever it was, was worth someone having.
Lauren Barnholdt, Two-Way Street|Who ends up with their first real boyfriend? Yeah, no one.- Courtney
Pattie Boyd|People used to say my son looked like a Mexican Biggie. And when he was first born, memories of Biggie... you know, we didn't always have the greatest days. For at least half the length of our marriage we were separated, so everyday was definitely not a good day.
Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves|Do not wake me from this slumber, but be assured that just as I have wept much, I have also wandered many roads with my thoughts.
Jalaluddin Rumi|This being human is a guest house. Every morning is a new arrival. A joy, a depression, a meanness, some momentary awareness comes as an unexpected visitor...Welcome and entertain them all. Treat each guest honorably. The dark thought, the shame, the malice, meet them at the door laughing, and invite them in. Be grateful for whoever comes, because each has been sent as a guide from beyond.
Gilderoy Lockhart|Dumbledore is gone, Harry. He's gone.He will only be gone from the school when none here or loyal to him, said Harry, smiling in spite of himself.
Julie Klassen|I have been praying, too, for the first time in my life. That parson, Tugwell, he helped me see - not the error of my ways, for I knew them all to well already - but what was wanting in me. I am far from perfect, I know, but I am changed and changing still
Ashley Jade, Blame It on the Shame|He lifts my chin and looks at me. “I don't want to break you, Lou-Lou.” He leans his forehead against mine. “But sometimes you have to break in order to be fixed. And if you trust me enough to fall apart, I swear...I'll put you back together again.
Taylor Jenkins Reid, Forever, Interrupted|I think I was just overly excitable about it because I loved him in a way I'd never thought possible. I knew that if I lost him, if I had to live without him, it would crush me. I needed him and I didn't just need him now, I needed him in the future. I needed him always. I wanted him always. I wanted him to be the father of my children. It's such a silly statement now; people say it all the time, they throw it around like it's nothing. And some people treat it like it is nothing, but it wasn't nothing to me. I wanted to have children with him someday. I wanted to be a parent with him. I wanted to have a child that was half him and half me. I wanted to commit to him and sacrifice for him. I wanted to lose part of myself in order to gain some of him. I wanted to marry him. So I wanted him to have meant it. I wanted it to be real.
Payne Stewart|When I see someone in a military uniform I make it a point to approach them, shake their hand and say five words... 'thank you for your service.' 'Stars Earn Stripes' is a high energy, fun, action show, but at its heart it is all about those five words.
Mark Simpson|Of course, fashions come and go but metrosexuality isn’t a fashion – it’s an epoch. It represents a fundamental shift in what men are allowed to be and to want. Men are now permitted to be ‘passive’ – inviting our gaze.
Lisa Carlisle, Knights of Stone: Mason|In decades past, the three clans of the island - tree witches, gargoyles, and wolves, had cloaked their land with many layers of protection. Their combined magic had created such a powerful force it had remained undetected by human technology. When a feud erupted between the witches and gargoyles twenty-five years ago it led to a division of land. Without reinforcements from the clans' combined magic, the protection seeped away.
LisaRaye McCoy-Misick|And we want to develop our strategy to partnership and friendship with the United States, which is connected with a very rich history but what is very important for our future.
Alice Duer Miller|I stopped hating and started just being. My whole life, I had been the most defensive person you'd meet, unable to tolerate any criticism. But now I started listening and being.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Assassin|He had wished me well in finding my own fate to follow, and I never doubted his sincerity. But it had taken me years to accept that his absence in my life was a deliberate finality, an act he had chosen, a thing completed even as some part of my soul still dangled, waiting for his return. That, I think, is the shock of any relationship ending. It is realizing that what is still an ongoing relationship to someone is, for the other person, something finished and done with.
Catherynne M. Valente, Six-Gun Snow White|I was sixteen, and I honestly believed that I was due a love story.
Ned Thomas|Let the mind contemplate, let the pen scribble, the oeuvre would be eccentric, peculiar to a reader's eye.
Leah Braemel|I'm sorry," I say. "I didn't give you everything you wanted. I wasn't everything you wanted. You were everything I wanted.
Brian Eno|One of the main secrets to staying young is staying healthy. I've sometimes had to suppress a smile when some young lady, who has obviously not taken care of herself through diet or exercise, says admiringly, 'Ooh, I hope I look as good as you do when I'm your age!' Although it's intended to be complimentary, it's actually a back-hander.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, The Wisdom Huntress: Anthology of Thoughts and Narrations|She is a woman, how can you confuse her for a man?
George Carlin|Something is wrong here. War, disease, death, destruction, hunger, filth, poverty, torture, crime, corruption, and the Ice Capades. Something is definitely wrong. This is not good work. If this is the best God can do, I am not impressed. Results like these do not belong on the résumé of a Supreme Being. This is the kind of shit you'd expect from an office temp with a bad attitude. And just between you and me, in any decently-run universe, this guy would've been out on his all-powerful ass a long time ago. And by the way, I say "this guy", because I firmly believe, looking at these results, that if there is a God, it has to be a man.No woman could or would ever fuck things up like this. So, if there is a God, I think most reasonable people might agree that he's at least incompetent, and maybe, just maybe, doesn't give a shit. Doesn't give a shit, which I admire in a person, and which would explain a lot of these bad results.
Violette Leduc|Writing is like painting. You sketch it, add colour, add depth and detail. You give it a final layer and then hang it proudly.
Picabo Street|My approach is to start from the straightforward principle that our body is a machine. A very complicated machine, but none the less a machine, and it can be subjected to maintenance and repair in the same way as a simple machine, like a car.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer|You can forgive a young cunt anything. A young cunt doesn't have to have brains. They're better without brains. But an old cunt, even if she's brilliant, even if she's the most charming woman in the world, nothing makes any difference. A young cunt is an investment; an old cunt is a dead loss. All they can do for you is buy you things. But that doesn't put meat on their arms or juice between their legs.
Joseph Conrad|Pescatore marveled at the seascape. It gave him vertigo. The wind deployed cloud formations. The sun seared the Moroccan coastline. He had read a line once about "the lion-colored hills of Africa." Were they lion-colored? What color was a lion exactly?
Plato, The Republic of Plato|The soul takes nothing with her to the next world but her education and her culture. At the beginning of the journey to the next world, one's education and culture can either provide the greatest assistance, or else act as the greatest burden, to the person who has just died.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr., The Poet at the Breakfast-Table|...it's appalling to remember that the entire Oxford University Library was sold for scrap in the mid-1500s. Nor was that situation unique to Oxford, as libraries were deconstructed throughout the land.
Inshan Meahjohn|Stay in the light, as those who seek to stay in the dark cannot touch you! - Inshan Meahjohn
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|Nothing is as empowering as real-world validation, even if it's for failure.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|They sounded like intestines, only on the outside, and the men in the Bible were always having them cut off and not being able to go to church. Horrid.
Tamora Pierce, Squire|WE do try to eat," Raoul called back to her [Kel]. I go all faint if I don't get fed regularly. Only think of the disgrace to the King's Own if I fell from the saddle.""But there was that time in Fanwood," a voice behind them said."That wedding in Tameran," added the blonde Sergeant Osbern, riding a horse-length behind Kel."Don't forget when what's-his-name, with the army, retired," yelled a third."Silence, insubordinate curs!" cried Raoul. "Do not sully my new squire's ears with your profane tales!""Even if they're TRUE?" That was Dom. It seemed Neal wasn't the only family member versed in irony.
K. Pinson|It’s only sixteen ninety-five," I say with a flutter of my lashes."You’re serious."I prop my hands on my waist and stick out a hip, striking a pose worthy of a supermodel. "Look at me. Don’t I look serious?"She collapses into the chair outside the dressing room in a fit of giggles so cute they make my insides fizz. "No! You must be stopped," she says."Why?" I strut down an aisle of yellowed lingerie, swiveling my hips, batting bras with flicks of my fingers. "I will be the king of the disco. I will be—" I spin and strike another pose. "An inspiration."She sniffs and swipes at her eyes. "The real Dylan would die before he’d be seen in public in something like that.""The real Dylan is boring." I brace my hands on the arms of her chair and lean down until our faces are a whisper apart. "And he’s not one fourth the kisser I am.""Is that right?" Her lips quirk."You know it is."Her smile melts, and her breath comes faster. "Yeah. I do.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Ashryver eyes.The fairest eyes, from legends oldof brightest, ringed with gold.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Friendships - and indeed most relationships - are measured in the closeness of hearts, minds and soul ties... not in the distance of physical miles or even the passing of time.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Be inspired, raising the bar of excellence in your life every day. Act better than before; grow higher than usual; think faster than normal.
John Archibald Wheeler|We live on an island surrounded by a sea of ignorance. As our island of knowledge grows, so does the shore of our ignorance.
Tiffany Reisz, The Night Mark|Enjoy Life when You have the Time, after the Time will have You
Guru Nanak|And we never got the mule, let alone the forty acres.
William Trevor, Love and Summer|People run away to be alone,' he said. Some people had to be alone.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you hear love calling you, don’t pretend to be deaf.
Martin Luther King Jr.|And when you discover what you will be in your life, set out to do it as if God Almighty called you at this particular moment in history to do it. Don’t just set out to do a good job. Set out to do such a good job that the living, the dead or the unborn couldn’t do it any better. If it falls your lot to be a street sweeper, sweep streets like Michelangelo painted pictures, sweep streets like Beethoven composed music, sweep streets like Leontyne Price sings before the Metropolitan Opera. Sweep streets like Shakespeare wrote poetry. Sweep streets so well that all the hosts of heaven and earth will have to pause and say: Here lived a great street sweeper who swept his job well.
Joyce Carol Oates, High Lonesome: Selected Stories, 1966-2006|Her visits to her former hometown were infrequent and often painful. Pilgrimages fueled by the tepid oxygen of family duty, unease, guilt. The more Esther loved her parents, the more helpless she felt, as they aged, to protect them from harm. A moral coward, she kept her distance.
Charles Collins|Three o'clock in the morning.The highway is empty, under a malignant moon. The oil drippings make the roadway gleam like a blue-satin ribbon. The night is still but for a humming noise coming up somewhere behind a rise of ground.Two other, fiercer, whiter moons, set close together, suddenly top the rise, shoot a fan of blinding platinum far down ahead of them. Headlights. The humming burgeons into a roar. The touring car is going so fast it sways from side to side. The road is straight. The way is long. The night is short. (Jane Brown's Body")
Zechariah Barrett, Beyond Chivalry|What is key to America’s understanding of class is the persistent belief — despite all evidence to the contrary — that anyone, with the proper discipline and drive, can move from a lower class to a higher class. We recognize that mobility may be difficult, but the key to our collective self-image is the assumption that mobility is always possible, so failure to move up reflects on one’s character. By extension, the failure of a race or ethnic group to move up reflects very poorly on the group as a whole.
Kristin Cavallari|I hope that I'll be hot for a long time so I can make a lot of money, I can retire early, and just travel. Hopefully that will happen.
Victor Hugo|The moment I first heard love I gave up my soul, my heart, and my eyes.
Lysander Spooner|If you live in a place that you perceive to be a crowded place, you appreciate government; you see it as this thing that protects you against crime, that keeps order, that makes sure that nobody puts a massage parlor next to your house, that keeps other people's dogs from pooping on the sidewalk.
Han Kang, Human Acts|I never let myself forget that every single person I meet is a member of this human race. And that includes you, professor, listening to this testimony. As it includes myself.
Jacqueline Ripstein, The Art of HealingArt: The Keys to Power and Awareness|The lower a human being descends, the more asleep and inhumane he becomes. Those beings that lack Compassion, Love, and Peace are the true targets of the ego system...
A.L. Rowse|When you consider the superstitions and the imaginings of the old Cornish country-folk up to my grandmother's day, how their lives were swaddled in them from the cradle to the grave, their daily actions in large part determined by them - so many things you would not think of doing, like starting a journey on a Friday, or looking at the moon through a pane of glass, or failing to wear something new on Whitsunday - their minds haunted by ghosts and fears, you have a fair idea of what the minds of these people in the sixteenth century were like. It was a life full of shadows that frightened them and dangers that might come home to them; how much more so in those days when their fears had the sanction, and even the corroboration, of the elect and the intelligent: when a uniform religion existed to enforce its lessons and draw the moral. However, no doubt it filled up life for them, made it more interesting and exciting, more mysterious and incalculable; it added a dimension to it, where the modern uneducated, rid of their fears and ghosts, are apt to find life empty and void of meaning.
Danzy Senna|It’s funny. When you leave your home and wander really far, you always think, ‘I want to go home.’ But then you come home, and of course it’s not the same. You can’t live with it, you can’t live away from it. And it seems like from then on there’s always this yearning for some place that doesn’t exist. I felt that. Still do. I’m never completely at home anywhere.
J.B. Priestley|Like its politicians and its wars, society has the teenagers it deserves.
Alexandra Robbins, The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth: Popularity, Quirk Theory and Why Outsiders Thrive After High School|I'm so stupid," I tell her, tears streaming down my face now, blocking my vision. "You're not stupid. You're just an emotional vampire.
Richard K. Morgan|I don't believe moviegoers don't have patience. Screenwriters are told a scene can't be longer than three minutes, that you have to cut to the chase. Not true!
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Value is the unseen reflection in the mirror. If you don't see it, neither will anyone else.
Kelly Bryson, Don't Be Nice, Be Real: Balancing Passion for Self with Compassion for Others|If your creation is taking 99% perspiration, it stinks and you need more inspiration.
Lauren Lipton|A hundred years or more, she's bent her crownin storm, in sun, in moonsplashed midnight breeze.surviving all the random vagariesof this harsh world. A dense - twigged veil drifts downfrom crown along her trunk - mourning slow woodthat rustles tattered, in a hint of windthis January dusk, cloudy, purplingthe ground with sudden shadows. How she broods -you speculate - on dark surprise and loss,alone these many years, despondent, bent,her bolt-cracked mate transformed to splinters, moss.Though not alone, you feel the sadness of atwilight breeze. There's never enough love;the widow nods to you. Her branches moan.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|We are not fit to lead an army on the march unless we are familiar with the face of the country -- its mountains and forests, its pitfalls and precipices, its marshes and swamps.
Michael Polanyi, Meaning|We can't have moral obligations to every single person in this world. We have moral obligations to those who we come up against, who enter into our moral space, so to speak. That means neighbors, people we deal with, and so on.
Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique|It is not possible to preserve one's identity by adjusting for any length of time to a frame of reference that is in itself destructive to it. It is very hard indeed for a human being to sustain such an 'inner' split - conforming outwardly to one reality, while trying to maintain inwardly the value it denies.
Lois Lowry, The Giver|I wanted to cry, but the tears did not come.
G. Willow Wilson|In philanthropy, you have to take the attitude of a mother... You have to be patient, and we have been very patient for a long time.
Barbara Kingsolver|The first time you say something, it's heard. The second time, it's recognized, and the third time it's learned.
Stephen King, The Shining|Of course we're friends ... we are both civilized men, aren't we? We've shared bed and board and bottle. We'll always be friends, and the dog collar I have on you will always be ignored by mutual consent, and I'll take good and benevolent care of you. All I ask in return is your soul. Small item. We can even ignore the fact that you've handed it over, the way we ignore the dog collar.
Brian Christian, The Most Human Human: What Talking with Computers Teaches Us About What It Means to Be Alive|Like the discovery of most things - love and religion especially - she maintained the child's arrogant wonder than no one had understood it before her and, even if they had, they could not embrace it as passionately as she.
Paul Valery|The characteristic political attitude of today is not one of positive belief, but of despair.
Brian Eshleman|Whether you are married or have lived with someone for a time, look upon that person and know that, as much as you may love that individual, he or she is not your "better half." Yes, this popular term of this endearment can be a warm, comforting notion that speaks to intimacy and trust. but these people you care about so deeply aren't "half" of you at all. They do not fill in your blanks. You have no blanks. You are whole within yourself.
Kangana Ranaut|Technology is cool, but you've got to use it as opposed to letting it use you.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Abundance is more than your money, your title or your profession.
Aleister Crowley, Eight Lectures on Yoga|Woe to that seven months abortion who thinks to take advantage of the accidents of birth, and, mocking the call of duty, sneaks off to stare at a wall in China!
Lisa Bedrick, Jesus, God and Us|Be careful what you wish for or pray for, because whatever you wish for or pray for, you will have to take care of.
Andrea Dworkin, Heartbreak: The Political Memoir of a Feminist Militant|It’s a funny thing to complain about, but most of America is perfectly devoid of smells. I must have noticed it before, but this last time back I felt it as an impairment. For weeks after we arrived I kept rubbing my eyes, thinking I was losing my sight or maybe my hearing. But it was the sense of smell that was gone. Even in the grocery store, surrounded in one aisle by more kinds of food than will ever be known in a Congolese lifetime, there was nothing on the air but a vague, disinfected emptiness. I mentioned this to Anatole, who’d long since taken note of it, of course. “The air is just blank in America,” I said. “You can’t ever smell what’s around you, unless you stick your nose right down into something."“Maybe that is why they don’t know about Mobutu,” he suggested.
Bruce Willis|I used to wake up in the morning and say, 'Oh, God.' Now I wake up in the morning and look forward to life.
John Keats|There's nothing wrong in suffering, if you suffer for a purpose. Our revolution didn't abolish danger or death. It simply made danger and death worthwhile.
David M. Shoup|I am a Quaker. And as everyone knows, Quakers, for 300 years, have, on conscientious ground, been against participating in war. I was sentenced to three years in federal prison because I could not religiously and conscientiously accept killing my fellow man.
Rosie Malezer, Change Your Name and Disappear: A terrifying true tale of survival|....not today, not tomorrow....
Laila Ali|After trying Atkins and doing Nutrisystem a few times, now I'm just focused on maintaining a healthy lifestyle rather than dieting.
Kandi Steiner, Tag Chaser|We all know I’m marrying you, as soon as you get over your thing with dog tags and realize a stethoscope is way sexier, anyway.” - Tanner
Coco J. Ginger|He offered her power, money, status...a giant prison, all in exchange for only...her soul.
Joseph Jenkins, The Humanure Handbook: A Guide to Composting Human Manure|Americans make more trash than anyone else on the planet, throwing away about 7.1 pounds per person per day, 365 days a year. Across a lifetime that rate means, on average, we are each on track to generate 102 tons of trash. Each of our bodies may occupy only one cemetery plot when we’re done with this world, but a single person’s 102-ton trash legacy will require the equivalent of 1,100 graves. Much of that refuse will outlast any grave marker, pharaoh’s pyramid or modern skyscraper: One of the few relics of our civilization guaranteed to be recognizable twenty thousand years from now is the potato chip bag.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|In those years only the dead smiled, Glad to be at rest: And Leningrad city swayed like A needless appendix to its prisons.
Leila Aboulela, Minaret|All through life there were distinctions - toilets for men, toilets for women; clothes for men, clothes for women - then, at the end, the graves are identical.
Jason Medina, No Hope for the Hopeless at Kings Park|And I'm going to let you in on a little secret about life. You think it's boring now? Well, it only gets more boring. The sooner you learn it's on you to make life interesting, the better off you'll be.
Nancy Holder, Crimson Peak: The Official Movie Novelization|To air one's views gratuitously, however, is to imply that the demand for them is brisk, which may not be the case, and which, in any event, may not be relevant to the discussion.
James Lincoln Collier, My Brother Sam Is Dead|Do you want to know what General Putnam is thinking? It’s this. He’s thinking that he can’t win the war if he doesn’t keep the people on his side. He’s thinking that he can’t keep the people on his side if the troops are running amok among the civilian population—raping the women, stealing cattle, burning houses. He is determined to scare the wits out of the troops to keep them in line. And he’s thinking that it doesn’t matter very much who he executes to do it. So many men have died, so many mothers have wept, so many brothers and sisters have cried. He is thinking that in the long run if he executes somebody, he’ll shorten the war and save more lives. It doesn’t matter to him very much who he executes; one man’s agony is like another’s, one mother’s tears are no wetter than anybody else’s. And that’s why he’s going to have Sam shot.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Do not doubt thyself, have faith in thy soul.
Bill Frist|The lunar flights give you a correct perception of our existence. You look back at Earth from the moon, and you can put your thumb up to the window and hide the Earth behind your thumb. Everything you've ever known is behind your thumb, and that blue-and-white ball is orbiting a rather normal star, tucked away on the outer edge of a galaxy.
Nina Garcia|Here's the thing, men have to also mature in how they see women, too. Because they need to understand that it's not just about how we look, it's about who we are. And I am going to tell you like this, 'If you can't love me with short hair, and you telling me I got to have long hair to be loved, guess what, I ain't the one for you.'
Tavi Gevinson|The Tom Brady sandwich would be a prosciutto with a nice Buffalo mozzarella, on a crispy baguette with a little fresh basil. Brady is classy; he's a really cool dude. He's got a lot of flavor.
Jack Keane|The wrongful arrest of tens of thousands of British Muslims after the September 11 attacks can be explained by the very poor intelligence the police had, and, just possibly, excused by the fact that a terrorist action in Britain linked to British Muslims would have been hugely damaging.
H.W. Brands, Reagan: The Life|(LBJ) had what a journalist calls “a genius for analogy”— made the point unforgettably, in dialect, in the rhythmic cadences of a great storyteller. Master of the senate
Benjamin Britten|It is cruel, you know, that music should be so beautiful. It has the beauty of loneliness of pain: of strength and freedom. The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love. The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|Ignorance defends itself savagely, and illiteracy, as I well knew, can be shrewd.
Auliq Ice|If you put your best foot forward and if you overcome your fears, you will surely be able to attain the heights of success
Lil Uzi Vert|Thanksgiving, man. Not a good day to be my pants.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|Mostly, we authors must repeat ourselves - that's the truth. We have two or three great and moving experiences in our lives - experiences so great and moving that it doesn't seem at the time anyone else has been so caught up and so pounded and dazzled and astonished and beaten and broken and rescued and illuminated and rewarded and humbled in just that way ever before.Then we learn our trade, well or less well, and we tell our two or three stories - each time in a new disguise - maybe ten times, maybe a hundred, as long as people will listen.
David Z. Hirsch, Didn't Get Frazzled|not knowing what I needed to do or where I needed to go, I knew all the same that I was going in the right direction.
Jimbeaux Dean, Chrome Cady|My name," the boy said importantly, "is Stacey de Lacey." "But that's a girl's name!" blurted Oliver. Stacey de Lacey's face turned a dark shade of red. "Silence!" he shouted. "Stacey is one of those names that can be for a boy or a girl! Like Hilary, or Leslie, or...um... Anyway...!
Sunday Adelaja|No amount of service we do can impress God, only our service to ordinary people can
Henry N. Beard, Poetry for Cats: The Definitive Anthology of Distinguished Feline Verse|The white saucer like some full moon descendsAt last from the clouds of the table above;She sighs and dreams and thrills and glows,Transfigured with love.She nestles over the shining rim,Buries her chin in the creamy sea;Her tail hangs loose; each drowsy pawIs doubled under each bending knee.A long, dim ecstasy holds her life;Her world is an infinite shapeless white,Till her tongue has curled the last holy drop,Then she sinks back into the night,Draws and dips her body to heapHer sleepy nerves in the great arm-chair,Lies defeated and buried deepThree or four hours unconscious there.
Brandon Scott Gorrell|It is 10 PM now, and Godzilla has been sitting at his desk in front of his laptop for six to seven hours. He has accomplished hardly anything today. Godzilla is drinking a lot of beer. He can not stop smoking cigarettes. His room is blue with cigarette smoke, and Godzilla sits on a chair in there, minimizing and maximizing Mozilla Firefox repeatedly. He is not over his girlfriend's house because she said on the cell phone that she needed time, alone, to think about their relationship. Godzilla worries that he will not be able to take care of himself if they break up.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you can be Kind in the Land of Rudeness, you can be King in the Land of Kindness.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|Never engage in gossip, it kills your soul, and wounds another’s heart
Simon Palmer, Lost Innocence|Reaching for the basket of sex accoutrements, she took a thin, red tube, squeezed some clear gel onto her fingertips and returned to fondle his balls. “What’s that?” he asked, feeling a warm, tingling sensation around his genitals.“You not try before?” She smiled saucily.He shook his head.“…Special for you.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Recovery through sleep isn’t going to happen if the majority of the components of your being aren’t getting enough stimulation or resistance to work against. Your brain may be tired after work, but if your body and emotions haven’t been challenged through the day, they’re going to keep irritating you even if you’re asleep. They don’t need rest; they need work for real recovery to take place.
Anthony Liccione|At the end of every light, is a tunnel of darkness.
Carson McCullers, Reflections in a Golden Eye|Franny?” Rosy held up the four little Franks. “Could I keep one of these?”Franny looked at her hard for a moment then nodded. “’Course you can, hen,” she said, “But that’s not your daddy.”Rosy gaped. “It’s not?”“That’s my wee darling. That’s my wee Frankie before the devil twisted him into a monster.” She poked her finger into another hole where Frank’s face should have been. Her eyes glinted.
Virginia Woolf|One doesn't soon forget the natural beauty of Washington, although those of us who live here do sometimes take it for granted.
Courage Knight, Do-It-Yourself Editing: A Guide for the eBook Author|Sometimes, I’ll craft a scene that’s so poignant; on the last keystroke I’ll raise my hands high overhead and scream “Yes!” at the top of my lungs. I have yet to experience an orgasm so powerful and fulfilling.
Bernard Williams|The word 'romance,' according to the dictionary, means excitement, adventure, and something extremely real. Romance should last a lifetime.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Tolkien Reader|Children are meant to grow up, and not to become Peter Pans. Not to lose innocence and wonder, but to proceed on the appointed journey: that journey upon which it is certainly not better to travel hopefully than to arrive, though we must travel hopefully if we are to arrive.
Peprah Boasiako|The same current that drifts your boat may sink mine. No two persons walking this earth are the same, not even twins. Keep this in mind when dealing with others.
Mohsin Ali Shaukat|Even the gloss of a Leader guides his followers, Leader creates ideas and followers follow them, that's why he is so satisfied & calm that his ideologies inspire even those who are against him, he sits aside and watches the spectacle of his followers. After all there is nothing wrong in all this because he knows that he is becoming the source for many to change their state of mind, passion and philosophy. Some are true followers they will learn and win some are Malevolent they will not .....Choice is always there ...
Victoria Jackson|I think if you're going to be committed to doing anything, you really have to care about it, and I suppose that is a romantic idea.
Adam Nevill, The Ritual|If You Are Not Getting Any Kind of Negative Feedback, Than You Probably Are Not Working Hard Enough.
Kate Betts|Normally, all I'm interested in is what the person has created. Hopefully they're not a mass murderer or mass rapist, but their personality is not important to me at that stage. They've got to be pretty extraordinary to make things like that anyway.
Gift Gugu Mona|Do not surrender your dreams based on the seasonality, chase them until they become a reality.
Rodney King|The business of peace requires more than showing up with paint brushes, foodstuffs and an oil pipeline or two.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Compassion is that special ingredient that is often missed, and it makes a difference in building a positive environment.
Barbara Brown Taylor|Next you will cry about taxation without representation, and throw a basket of tea into the harbor. You are indeed a very Jacobin at heart, and I think I must give up trying to cure you of it; I can but wash my hands and deny responsibility
Richard Lewis|I think it's important to find humor anywhere you can. In real life, with the darkest, scariest, most intense moments, if you can find something funny, that's good.
Emily Dickinson, I'm Nobody! Who Are You?|Is Bliss then, such Abyss,I must not put my foot amissFor fear I spoil my shoe? I'd rather suit my footThan save my Boot --For yet to buy another Pairis possible,At any store -- But Bliss, is sold just once.The Patent lostNone buy it any more --
Stephenie Meyer, Eclipse|He sighed. "The clouds I can handle. But I can't fight with an eclipse.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Every effective person must be able to sell and teach, whether in private or to a group in public. This applies equally to skills and talents as it does to products and services.
Ntozake Shange, for colored girls who have considered suicide/when the rainbow is enuf|For the first time I could remember, I felt weak, woozy and stupid— like a human-being. Like a very small and helpless human-being.
Roman Payne, The Wanderess|Each time, at the end of the day, we know it well: If we do not have love we would be nothing.
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|But dying is no easy trick. And suicide can't be put on a list of Things To Do in between cleaning the grill pan and leveling the sofa leg with a brick. It is the decision not to do, to un-do; a kiss blown at oblivion. No matter what anyone says, suicide takes guts. It is for heroes and martyrs, truly vainglorious men.
Ronald Reagan|It seems to me that America is constantly reinventing what "America" means.
Max Lucado|Christmas is best pondered, not with logic, but with imagination.
Joey W. Hill, Hostile Takeover|If we wed, Milady, you will belong to me. Your rank will be my rank, and your station will be this croft. I hold that a husband must have his way with his wife in his bed and in his house, and that if she refuses him his way, he must chastise her until she is ready to please him. You will card, and you will spin, and you will cook what I bring in to you, and when I call you to my bed, you will come, and I will have my way.
Israelmore Ayivor|Believers are achievers, therefore believe and achieve!•	Believe that you are responsible for your own accomplishments God deposited in you!•	Believe that success is not luck; it is the result a deliberate effort to do a hard work!•	Believe that prayer works through faith and action!•	Believe that great people took great steps. Weak people took weak steps!•	Believe that you can do all things through Christ who strengthens you!
Jesus|If God had a wife, He would be in trouble too if He dodged His chores.
Sarah Dessen|Maybe if I'd agreed to do the debutante thing like she wanted. Or taken up pageants instead of riding jump bikes with a bunch of grungy boys. I'd always tell her, why can't I do both? Who says you have to be either smart or pretty, or into girly stuff or sports? Life shouldn't be about the either/or. We're capable of more than that, you know?
Dada Bhagwan|Things get ruined the moment you say, ‘What will become of me? It means that you have no regard for the Soul. The Soul within has infinite energy, why not ask the Soul for strength [power]?
Alain de Botton|I think the first time I tried to write a romantic song, it was just horrendously embarrassing. I remember thinking, 'Okay, I'm not going to do that anymore.' I think that sort of embarrassed me for the next 10 years.
Jorge Amado, Gabriela, Clavo y Canela|Life was good, one had only to live it.
Cameo Renae, Broken Wings|How wonderful it would be to meet an angel, I mused, but then I immediately realised that I already had. Not an archangel like Saint Michael, but my human engel from Detroit, wearing an overcoat and no hat, with lank brown hair and eyes the coler of water.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|In his book The Soul of Black Folks, W.E.B. DuBois writes about always feeling "his twoness-- an American, a Negro; two souls, two thoughts, two unreconciled strivings; to warring ideals in one dark body.
Yanis Varoufakis|There were a lot of people dreaming about making films, and they would finance maybe 6 films a year. Because they were funded by the government, the films sort-of had to deal with serious social issues - and, as a result, nobody went to see those films.
Lailah Gifty Akita, The Alphabets of  Success: Passion Driven Life|It is evident that we are hurrying onward to some exciting knowledge—some never-to-be-imparted secret, whose attainment is destruction.
Oprah Winfrey|True forgiveness is when you can say, 'Thank you for that experience.
Shah Asad Rizvi|If spirit is the seed, dance is the water of its evolution.
Nicholas Sparks, The Best of Me|You refused to fall in love with anyone else, Dmitri.” A whisper with the impact of a gun-shot. “So I had to come back for you . . . husband.
Dan Chaon, Ill Will|The motive for metaphor ... is a desire to associate, and finally to identify, the human mind with what goes on outside it, because the only genuine joy you can have is in those rare moments when you feel that although we may know in part, as Paul says, we are also a part of what we know.
Kirk Cameron|Each of my books is different. Deliberately... I wanted to create my society, my people, in their fullness.
Steve Maraboli|Just because you are available for a relationship, doesn't mean you are ready for one. Sometimes you need a break from external relationships to nourish the internal one.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|All animals understand love and affection, but only man shows the propensity to place himself into the shoes of another life form
Barbara Watkins, Hollowing Screams|The stink of rot and ruin, of old dreams, broken screams, and wicked, dirty little things.
Dale Carnegie|Each day, I come in with a positive attitude, trying to get better.
Melissa St. Hilaire, Saurimonde|There's a danger and a beauty to the moment which seems out of time. It pierces something deep inside of him, bypassing his rationale, and it touches his very core. In a sudden shock of illumination, and of knowing, he recognizes this woman is his destiny, and their fates are intertwined.
Gabriel García Márquez, The General in His Labyrinth|His line was the jocundly-sentimental Wardour Street brand of adventure, told in a style that exactly met, but never exceeded, every expectation.
Human Angels, We are human angels|A bunch of Angels waving their hands at someone, giving them extraordinary and miraculous abilities, doesn’t make anyone holy,” Satan said.  “Holiness has to be earned, and it is earned in this world of pain and woe, not in the world of spirit.  Define holiness by your faith and your deeds, not by your tricks, and you can save yourself from the damnation you fall toward.” satan
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|Part of my music is being alone, having that time to shut down all other noises to hear the tune underneath.
Belinda Jeffrey, One Long Thread|When I was young I wanted so much to be like her. What a blessing are those moments when there is nothing to worry about, no thought of trouble or grief in the world.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|When they reached the top of the hill they turned and looked down at the valley. Moominhouse was just a blue dot, and the river a narrow ribbon of green: the swing they couldn't see at all. "We've never been such a long way from home before," said Moomintroll, and a little goose-fleshy thrill of excitement came over them at the thought.
Bootsy Collins|The polls indicated that I was feisty, that I was tough, that I had a sense of humor, but they weren't quite sure if they liked me and they didn't know whether or not that I was sensitive.
Hakim Bey, TAZ: The Temporary Autonomous Zone|Provided we can escape from the museums we carry around inside us, provided we can stop selling ourselves tickets to the galleries in our own skulls, we can begin to contemplate an art which re-creates the goal of the sorcerer: changing the structure of reality by the manipulation of living symbols ... Art tells gorgeous lies that come true.
Clarissa Dickson Wright, A History of English Food|But my favorite remained the basic roast chicken. What a deceptively simple dish. I had come to believe that one can judge the quality of a cook by his or her roast chicken. Above all, it should taste like chicken: it should be so good that even a perfectly simple, buttery roast should be a delight.
Bob Ong|Makakapili ka ng lugar na uupuan mo, pero hindi mo mapipili ang taong uupo sa puwang sa tabi mo... Ganyan ang senaryo sa bus. Ganyan din sa pag-ibig... Lalong 'di mo kontrolado kung kelan siya bababa.
Shirley Jackson|Around the house, my head deep in a pillowcase or the oven, my eyes focused on that supernatural neatness which the housewife sees somehow shadowing her familiar furniture, it was largely possible to disregard, or not-quite-hear, Sally, but in the car I was entirely what I believe is called a captive audience.
Joseph Campbell|If you do follow your bliss you put yourself on a kind of track that has been there all the while, waiting for you, and the life that you ought to be living is the one you are living. Follow your bliss and don't be afraid, and doors will open where you didn't know they were going to be.
Susan X. Meagher|...This wasn’t just Kylie. This was the woman she had chosen above every other person in the world. This woman was the most important person in her universe, and she was determined to show her how true that was.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The biblical preacher talks about the poor man’s wisdom that saved a city but he was immediately forgotten. A poverty of ideas, contributions, uniqueness or influence, will overshadow the visibility of good potential. Keep those ideas flowing and you will not be forgotten.
Michael Bassey Johnson|As a comedian, the more you commit the sin of stupidity, three essential things happen to your life:~people applaud you incessantly.~love you more than their parents.~give you a daily bread.
Miroslav Vitous|I'm glad you asked that question, because of any musical situation I've been in, the communication feels great here with Russell. He really pays close attention to what I'm doing because he cares.
Steven Wright|When I turned two I was really anxious, because I'd doubled my age in a year.I thought, if this keeps up, by the time I'm six I'll be ninety.
Bill Watterson|It is not my place to offer pep talks, aphorisms, or dictums. But if I had to give one piece of practical advice it would be this: Find something that you love that they're fucking with and then fight for it. If everyone did that--imagine the difference. (50)
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|When people's love is divided by law, it is the law that needs to change.
Ross Lynch|I once asked Ozzy Osbourne, truly one of my favorite people in the world, if he was cool with singing Black Sabbath songs year after year, whether he was performing with Black Sabbath or out on a solo tour. He said it was great.
Dada Bhagwan|If one understands (realizes) his own Self, then he himself is an Absolute Supreme Soul (Parmatma).
Loren Cunningham, Is That Really You, God?: Hearing the Voice of God|Hearing God is not all that difficult. If we know the Lord, we have already heard His voice - after all it was the inner leading that brought us to Him in the first place. But we can hear His voice and still miss His best if we don't keep on listening. After the what of guidance comes the when and how." (11)
Lisi Harrison, Alphas|A girl should want to look good for herself, not for boys.
Rudyard Kipling|Enemies,' the wizard said, 'are the price of honour.
Gary D. Schmidt, The Wednesday Wars|Whatever it means to be a friend, taking a black eye for someone has to be in it.
Debasish Mridha|Life could snatch away the things you treasured, and there was no getting them back. She began to feel an urgency, a need to seize an opportunity. Before anyone else did.
Robert Kennedy|Whatever my aims and agendas were, I never asked for power.
Matt Mullenweg|It's often discouraging sitting working at home, wondering whether to put the heating on, answering the doorbell to the gas board, feeling it's all utterly pointless.
M. Basilea Schlink|This sin weighs heavily upon the Body of Christ and will call down the judgment of God. In Germany there is an even greater sin weighing upon us Christians and that is the crime our nation has committed against Israel, God's chosen people.Six million Jews were killed; because of this the wrath of God is upon us. As Christians we are especially to blame. For when the terrible crime occurred and millions of Jews were tortured with inhuman cruelty and killed at the hands of German people, the Church in our country remained silent.The Christians did not stand up as the Danes did and protest the injustice. With the exception of a number of individuals the church members were not driven by the desire to help the Jews at all costs. Nor did they ring the church bells the night the synagogues were burnt down.The Church gave no reaction - an indication that she was dead. Because we were silent, we heaped guilt upon ourselves, and we were struck by the judgment that later descended upon our nation.Our churches were destroyed. Germans were killed by the thousands in bombings. Refugees thronged the streets, and the Iron Curtain divided our country.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|The grass is full of ghosts tonight.' 'The whole campus is alive with them.' They paused by Little and watched the moon rise, to make silver of the slate roof of Dodd and blue the rustling trees. 'You know,' whispered Tom, 'what we feel now is the sense of all the gorgeous youth that has rioted through here in two hundred years.
Hosea Ballou|The moral and political principles that govern men are derived from three sources: revelation, natural law, and the artificial conventions of society. With regard to its main purpose, there is no comparison between the first and the others; but all three are alike in that they all lead towards happiness in this mortal life.
Rak Razam, Aya: A Shamanic Odyssey|The sound of his purging next to me, long and deep and often was like a backbeat throughout the night. He's been wrestling with visions of the spirit world, alien landscapes like inverted Photoshop jungle lakes, plants merging into the sky and insects and beasts alive with the sweat and pulse of life, all of us cuaght up in a genomic swirl.
Alfred Adler|Luck?" Drizzt replied. "Perhaps. But more often, I dare to say, luck is simply the advantage a true warrior gains in excuting the correct course of action.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|People where you live," the little prince said, "grow five thousand roses in one garden... yet they don't find what they're looking for...They don't find it," I answered.And yet what they're looking for could be found in a single rose, or a little water..."Of course," I answered.And the little prince added, "But eyes are blind. You have to look with the heart.
L.J. Smith, Night World, No. 1|Yes she met with a slight accident involving a stake." Ash said "funny how that happens sometimes...
Loesje|The longer you wait for the future, the shorter it will be.
Terry Eagleton, Literary Theory: An Introduction|Marx was troubled by the question of why ancient Greek art retained an ‘eternal charm’, even though the social conditions which produced it had long passed; but how do we know that it will remain ‘eternally’ charming, since history has not yet ended? Let us imagine that by dint of some deft archaeological research we discovered a great deal more about what ancient Greek tragedy actually meant to its original audiences, recognized that these concerns were utterly remote from our own, and began to read the plays again in the light of this deepened knowledge. One result might be that we stopped enjoying them. We might come to see that we had enjoyed them previously because we were unwittingly reading them in the light of our own preoccupations; once this became less possible, the drama might cease to speak at all significantly to us.The fact that we always interpret literary works to some extent in the light of our own concerns - indeed that in one sense of ‘our own concerns’ we are incapable of doing anything else - might be one reason why certain works of literature seem to retain their value across the centuries. It may be, of course, that we still share many preoccupations with the work itself; but it may also be that people have not actually been valuing the ‘same’ work at all, even though they may think they have. ‘Our’ Homer is not identical with the Homer of the Middle Ages, nor ‘our’ Shakespeare with that of his contemporaries; it is rather that different historical periods have constructed a ‘different’ Homer and Shakespeare for their own purposes, and found in these texts elements to value or devalue, though not necessarily the same ones. All literary works, in other words, are ‘rewritten’, if only unconsciously, by the societies which read them; indeed there is no reading of a work which is not also a ‘re-writing’. No work, and no current evaluation of it, can simply be extended to new groups of people without being changed, perhaps almost unrecognizably, in the process; and this is one reason why what counts as literature is a notably unstable affair.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|It is better to risk starving to death than giving up on your dream. If you have given up on your dream, what's left?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Many people say they do not fear death, but the process of dying. It’s not the destination, but the trip that they dread.
Andy Warhol|The elements that create glamour are not specific styles - bias-cut gowns or lacquered furniture - but more general qualities: grace, mystery, transcendence. To the right audience, Halle Berry is more glamorous commanding the elements as Storm in the X-Men movies than she is walking the red carpet in a designer gown.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the light within you is greater than the darkness around you, you are a star.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Strong Poison|Don't be so damned discouraging," said Wimsey. "I have already carefully explained to you that this time I am investigating this business. Anybody would think you had no confidence in me.""People have been wrongly condemned before now.""Exactly; simply because I wasn't there.""I never thought of that.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|The difficulty of literature is not to write, but to write what you mean.
Raymond Carver, Where I'm Calling From: New and Selected Stories|That's right,' Mel said. 'Some vassal would come along and spear the bastard in the name of love. Or whatever the fuck it was they fought over in those days.'Same things we fight over these days,' Terri said.Laura said, 'Nothing's changed.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Do not only think about it, but feel about it, also, before taking appropriate action.
John le Carré, Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy|They seemed to be able to choose. We seemed to be able to choose, then. We were a society dying of too much choice.
Charles Taylor, The Ethics of Authenticity|What should have died along with communism is the belief that modern societies can be run on a single principle, whether that of planning under the general will or that of free-market allocations.
bell hooks|When we can be alone, we can be with others without using them as an escape.
Holly Black, Ironside|What about the nobodies and the nothings, the invisible girls? We learn to hold our heads as if we wear crowns. We learn to wring magic from the ordinary.
Cornelia Funke|Children, they're the same everywhere. Greedy little creatures but the best listeners in the world -any world. The very best of all.
Compton Gage|If I should ask thee how great dwellings are in the midst of the sea, or how many springs are in the beginning of the deep, or how many springs are above the firmament, or which are the outgoings of paradise: Peradventure thou would say unto me, ‘I never went down into the deep, nor as yet into hell, neither did I ever climb up into heaven.
Kelly J. Cogswell, Eating Fire: My Life as a Lesbian Avenger|None of them noticed the girl covered in ash as shesnaked along their gardens, setting fire to their begonias.
Miguel Ruiz|Selfishness, control, and fear will break almost any relationship. Generosity, freedom, and love will create the most beautiful relationship: an ongoing romance.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Humanism split into three main branches. The orthodox branch holds that each human being is a unique individual possessing a distinctive inner voice and a never-to-be-repeated string of experiences. Every human being is a singular ray of light, which illuminates the world from a different perspective, and which adds colour, depth and meaning to the universe.
Minka Kelly|My friend and I sang an a cappella rendition of Extreme's 'More Than Words' at one of our football pep rallies in a desperate attempt to look cool. For a while, I wore pink Converse All Stars because I thought it made me seem daring and irreverent.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|We’re so wrapped up with egotistical things, career, family, having enough money, meeting the mortgage, getting a new car, fixing the radiator when it breaks—we’re involved in trillions of little acts just to keep going. So we don’t get into the habit of standing back and looking at our lives and saying, Is this all? Is this all I want? Is something missing?
Mehmet Murat ildan|Any teachings that fail to recognize Jesus Christ as the author of life, is absolutely antichrist.John 1:1-13.
W B Yeats, Collected Poems, by W. B. Yeats|All is changed, changed utterlyA terrible beauty is born
James Hopwood Jeans|The really happy person is the one who can enjoy the scenery, even when they have to take a detour.
Sunday Adelaja|When you live by the demands and supply of life, Life stops being a mystery to you
Debasish Mridha|It is what you think, not what you achieve, that makes you happy.
Dan Greathouse & kathleen Donalson|Assessment can be either formal and/or informal measures that gather information. In education, meaningful assessment is data that guides and informs the teacher and/or stakeholders of students' abilities, strategies, performance, content knowledge, feelings and/or attitudes. Information obtained is used to make educational judgements or evaluative statements. Most useful assessment is data which is used to adjust curriculum in order to benefit the students. Assessment should be used to inform instruction. Diagnosis and assessment should document literacy in real-world contexts using data as performance indicators of students' growth and development.
Toni Sorenson|Resilience is not what happens to you. It’s how you react to, respond to, and recover from what happens to you.
Hannah Simone|I started wearing Ugg when I was, like, 13 or 14, in high school, and my mom got me a pair for Christmas one year.
Jennifer Weiner, All Fall Down|I had started on the marriage and motherhood beat by accident with a post on my personal, read only by friends, blog called ‘Fifty Shades of Men’. I had written it after buying Fifty Shades of Grey to spice up what Dave and I half-jokingly called our grown up time, and had written a meditation on how the sex wasn’t the sexiest part of the book. “Dear publishers, I will tell you why every woman with a ring on her finger and a car seat in her SUV is devouring this book like the candy she won’t let herself eat.” I had written. “It’s not the fantasy of an impossibly handsome guy who can give you an orgasm just by stroking your nipples. It is instead the fantasy of a guy who can give you everything. Hapless, clueless, barely able to remain upright without assistance, Ana Steele is that unlikeliest of creatures, a college student who doesn’t have an email address, a computer, or a clue. Turns out she doesn’t need any of those things. Here is the dominant Christian Grey and he’ll give her that computer plus an iPad, a beamer, a job, and an identity, sexual and otherwise. No more worrying about what to wear. Christian buys her clothes. No more stress about how to be in the bedroom. Christian makes those decisions. For women who do too much—which includes, dear publishers, pretty much all the women who have enough disposable income to buy your books—this is the ultimate fantasy: not a man who will make you come, but a man who will make agency unnecessary, a man who will choose your adventure for you.
Patricia B. Tighe, Life In The No Dating Zone|I wrapped up my food to take home. "Let's go. We need to discuss your favorite method of dying, because I'm going to kill you. Just so you know."Claire grinned. "You're welcome."~Gray
Farshad Asl|Motivation doesn't work, Your decisions do!
Philip K. Dick, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?|... but in an attack, surviving is an accident. It doesn't take skill to stand in a place where no bullets find you, or to fire into the dark and hit a man you didn't see. It is all luck, or providence, depending on what you believe.
A. R. Rahman|The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
Ottilie Weber, Beneath the Scars|I don't know what I ate, but I felt immensely better after the first mouthful. It occurred to me that my vision of the fig-tree and all the fat figs that withered and fell to the earth might well have arisen from the profound void of an empty stomach.
Donald Jans, Freaks I've Met|I'm not sure who faked their orgasm first, but thankfully it was over rather quickly.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|I say to people who care for people who are dying, if you really love that person and want to help them, be with them when their end comes close. Sit with them - you don't even have to talk. You don't have to do anything but really be there with them.
Melanie Anne Herzog|Maybe such questions bothered me so much because they are being asked about me, all the time, within the echo chamber of my own fallen psyche and by unseen rebel angels all around. Are you really a son of the living God? Does your God really know you? Does this biblical story really belong to you? Are these really your brothers and sisters? Do you really belong here?…
Shannon L. Alder|The more we understand the One Idea, how all of life is interconnected and interdependent, the more we can act in positive ways for the good of all.
Emily Thorne|The past is a tricky thing. Sometimes it's etched in stone. And other times, it's rendered in soft memories. But if you meddle too long in deep, dark things... Who knows what monsters you'll awaken?
Dylan Perry, Gods Just Want To Have Fun|Ready?" Aeron called over.Michael span to see him giving a thumbs up to the booth. His eye was drawn down to the huge war hammer hanging from his other hand."How about we start with a chase? Try to touch the far wall and get back here before I cripple you." He smiled as if he'd said 'tag you', not 'cripple you'.
Brandon Boyd|While pimples are not as simple as too much milk or sugar in your diet, both have a significant impact. Nutritional deficiencies as well as excesses can worsen acne.
Diogenes Laërtius|As to the gods, I have no means of knowing either that they exist or do not exist. For many are the obstacles that impede knowledge, both the obscurity of the question and the shortness of human life.
Katharine Butler Hathaway|If children live with hostility, they learn to fight. If they live with fear, they learn to be apprehensive. If they live with criticism, they learn to condemn.
Karina Halle, Smut|Anytime you write something, you go through so many phases. You go through the I’m a Fraud phase. You go through the I’ll Never Finish phase. And every once in a while you think, What if I actually have created what I set out to create, and it’s received as such?
Seema Gupta|For your love I have uprooted all my desires, I am no more demanding...
Jack London, The Call of the Wild|Throughout Mesoamerica it was a common belief that a dog carried the soul of a newly deceased person across a body of water. According to the Aztecs, the first level of the Underworld was a place called Apanoayan (where one crosses the river) or Itzcuintlan (the Place of Dogs).
Hamish Bowles|Sometimes, you follow your dreams. I say to the young people, 'If you have a dream, chase it.'
Anne Sullivan Macy|Happiness isn't expensive, it just costs your will...
Avijeet Das|Love happens sublimely, serenely and accidentally! It will happen when you least expect it to!
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|No argument, no reasoning, no blame, just understanding. If you understand, and you show that you understand, you can love, and the situation will change.
Christina Engela, Other Kids Are Kids Almost Just Like You|If giving to the needy makes me sleep every night, then I will do it everyday.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|But the same spirits of analogy will authorise me to assert that ours are the most tender. Man is more robust than woman, but he is not longer-lived; which exactly explains my view of the nature of their attachment. Nay, it would be too hard upon you, if it were otherwise. You have difficulties, and privations, and dangers enough to struggle with... It would be too hard indeed (with a faltering voice) if woman's feelings were to be added to all this!
James Patterson|They call me, The Sharkalator
Kevin McCarthy|I have given up the idea that there is an opposition-free church out there. But I have gained something else - an appreciation for the gift of opposition. When it comes, I learn something about my motives. When it comes, I get to test my courage.
P.C. Cast, Untamed|Is that vodka?" Margarita asked weakly.The cat jumped up in his seat with indignation."I beg pardon, my queen," he rasped, "Would I ever allow myself to offer vodka to a lady? This is pure alcohol!
Edward Shorter, A History of Psychiatry: From the Era of the Asylum to the Age of Prozac|If there is one central intellectual reality at the end of the twentieth century, it is that the biological approach to psychiatry--treating mental illness as a genetically influenced disorder of brain chemistry--has been a smashing success. Freud's ideas, which dominated the history of psychiatry for the past half century, are now vanishing like the last snows of winter.
Israelmore Ayivor|A true leader is still a leader even when he takes up servants' duty, provided he maintains a human face and added integrity to his self-retained qualities.
Rachel Caine, Bitter Blood|This whole goddam house stinks of ghosts. I don’t mind so much being haunted by a dead ghost, but I resent like hell being haunted by a half-dead one.
Truman Capote|Criticism, upon the right one, surpasses and prevails, nothing since it causes a sign of self-discredit.
Douglas Adams, Last Chance to See|David Attenborough has said that Bali is the most beautiful place in the world, but he must have been there longer than we were, and seen different bits, because most of what we saw in the couple of days we were there sorting out our travel arrangements was awful. It was just the tourist area, i.e., that part of Bali which has been made almost exactly the same as everywhere else in the world for the sake of people who have come all this way to see Bali.
Nir Eyal|I told God, 'I don't want a man. I don't want more gold albums. The only thing I want is the love, friendship, and presence of my mother.' And God gave it to me.
Caroline Knapp|I hate losing and cricket being my first love, once I enter the ground it's a different zone altogether and that hunger for winning is always there.
Richard Adams, Watership Down|I'm sick and tired of it," he said, "It's the same all the time. 'These are my claws, so this is my cowslip." 'These are my teeth, so this is my burrow.' I'll tell you, if I ever get into the Owsla, I'll treat outskirters with a bit of decency.
Syed Murtaza Haroon|an old villa surrounded by a garden looked to them like the image of a comforting home, the dream of an idyll long past.
Tae Yun Kim, The Silent Master: Awakening the Power Within|nO thing is yOur's except yOur "bOdy" -&- nO one is yOurs except yOur "sOul
Susan Froderberg, Old Border Road|The night sky is filled brimful as a night sky can be, lit brightly as it is with clusters of planets and pulsating stars and marriages of galaxies, all of it within a wobble of dust and gas and debris unseen. There are the Dippers Little and Big tonight, a lovely Pleiades, and a throbbing red star out like a tiny heart. This is the stuff of which we are made, I say to Son, all that is of us above us. We stand together looking upward, our mouths hung open as if to swallow what's above down and into us. Looking out at the past in its far distance, where from there, he we are not.
Andrea Bocelli|I was famous in our college for calm and impassionate discussion; for one whole summer, I rose at five and went to bed at midnight, that I might have sufficient time for theology and metaphysics.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|That it would always be summer and autumn, and you always courting me, and always thinking as much of me as you have done through the past summertime!
Aldous Huxley, Ends and Means|A democracy which makes or even effectively prepares for modern, scientific war must necessarily cease to be democratic. No country can be really well prepared for modern war unless it is governed by a tyrant, at the head of a highly trained and perfectly obedient bureaucracy.
Darcy Coates, The Haunting of Blackwood House|I had a maternal instinct once, it lasted 48 hours
Jean-Paul Sartre, The Reprieve|He raised himself on his hands and looked at Irene's face: the nudity of that feminine body had risen into her face, the body had reabsorbed it, as nature reabsorbs forsaken gardens.
Jackson Katz|It angers me when sustainability gets used as a buzz word. For 90 percent of the world, sustainability is a matter of survival.
Debasish Mridha|A woman is a mother, daughter, and sister of every man; how she could be wrong?
Sarah Rees Brennan, Untold|The guilt fell upon him like a hammer to a nail. He dropped onto his bed, grabbing the picture frame that sat next to it. I’m sorry were the words that repeatedly came out of his mouth. All he could think was, how could he do that to her? To the woman he vowed to spend the rest of his life with. His stomach hurt just from thinking about it.
Amanda Quick, Rendezvous|I must say, Graystone, you are surviving married life very nicely." Peter helped himself to claret from the decanter that had been set out in the library."Thank you, Sheldrake. I flatter myself that not every man could survive being married to Augusta.
Martin Luther King Jr., Strength to Love|Returning hate for hate multiplies hate, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate, only love can do that.
Jellis Vaes|We are constantly taught in both in what we read, and what we see on the TV be it consciously and subconsciously, that being unhappy is not normal. Every time we read or hear about how we should be feeling happy, and how we need to go about it, and for whatever reason we aren’t at that moment in time, well, you feel that’s something must be wrong with you. “What’s wrong with me, I should be feeling happy in my life, but I’m not. Every article I have read says all those steps on how to be happy, but they don’t seem to work for me, I am still unhappy.”You come to see unhappiness as some kind of problem with you, with your personality. Something not normal at all. But it is. It is very normal. It is part of every human being, it is a part of you, it is part of who you are. You’ve got to first of all understand and acknowledge that feeling unhappy is nothing but normal and it isn’t something you should be afraid of. It only means that your emotions are functioning well and are taking care of you by keeping you up to date with the truth.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|So, do you clean, too?”“Hell, no!.. I’m gay ... not a damn housewife!”Everybody laughed.(The Tin Star)
Clarissa Dickson Wright|By the middle of Henry VIII's reign, the white meats — that is, dairy products — were considered common fare and people from all classes would eat meat whenever they could get it.
Pema Chödrön|Those who pretend as if they don't love you, are the ones who would hate to see you love another person.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Don’t think about those who are not doing it. Focus on your dreams, goals and actions and make sure it is done well.
J.R. Ward, Lover Reborn|Something’s different,” Carlos continued. “Tonight you came in with no scowling or growling. Why thechange?”Robby shrugged one shoulder. “I’m trying to convince you I’m no’ crazy. If I kept doing the same thing when itwasna working, would that no’ be crazy?”“Good point.” Carlos rinsed the bowl and placed it in the dishwasher. “So you’re trying a new strategy tonight.”Robby removed the bottled blood from the microwave and filled a glass. “Tonight I saw an angel.”Carlos’s eyes widened. “And you’re still trying to convince me you’re not crazy?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Your life is the only journey, you travel unaided.
Vera Caspary, Evvie|For this was the age of The Girl. We had come out of the back parlor, out of the kitchen and nursery, we turned our backs upon the blackboards, shed aprons and paper cuffs. A war had freed us and given women a new kind of self-respect. The adjective poor no longer preceded the once disreputable "working girl". It was honorable, it was jolly, it was even superior to be a "career girl".
Scott Westerfeld, Goliath|Surely no one would ever use such a weapon against a city.""There are no limits in war," Volger said, still staring out the window.
Sucker Punch movie, Sucker Punch: The Art of the Film|As we strolled into the hospital, I couldn’t help thinking about Maroon 5’s “Harder to Breathe” because I was having a difficult time staying calm. I had been kidnapped and beaten senseless by an agent of Lucifer, and yet the white coats the doctors wore scared me just as badly. The men who had taken me from my mother wore those same damned lab coats. Every time I saw one, it awakened a dormant fear inside me—fear that I’d be dragged away from someone I loved again, fear that I’d be placed into the waiting hands of another horrible person. It would never truly go away.Michael’s shoulder bumped mine, which shook me out of my thoughts. I glanced at him. “What?”“You’re frowning.”“Am I supposed to be smiling right now?”He faced forward, looking at our reflection in the elevator doors. “No, but you look like you’re about to bolt at any second.”I watched the digital numbers change one by one as we rose up to the right floor, fiddling with the rosary in the pocket of my leather jacket. Somehow, the beads had a calming effect on me. “I’m fine.”“Hard ass.”A tiny smirk touched my lips. “Stop thinking about my butt. You’re an archangel.”He grinned, but didn’t reply.
Kelly Batten, One Day You'll Find Me|Just before the men closed the tail gate on the float, she strained her head to see me and nodded her head so hard her blonde mane flew around her face—she looked like she was standing in a cloud of icing sugar. She uttered such a quiet neigh, it seemed only I heard it. She stared at me, and closed her eyes. Then she was gone.
John Mark Reynolds, The Great Books Reader: Excerpts and Essays on the Most Influential Books in Western Civilization|Living in a democratic society means that I can express my opinion,Having a democratic government means that they don't have to listen.
Brent Weeks, The Blinding Knife|And as the ax bites into the wood, be comforted in the fact that the ache in your heart and the confusion in your soul means that you are still alive, still human, and still open to the beauty of the world, even though you have done nothing to deserve it.
Mitt Romney|As a little boy, I wanted to be a policeman. And then as I got older, and I saw my dad in the car business, an automobile executive.
Robert Kennedy|History is full of examples of regimes that were oppressing at home and aggressive abroad, and I can't think of too many liberal democracies engaging in counterfeiting, drug running, missile proliferation, and just about any other illegal activity you can think of as North Korea does.
Erin Bowman, Taken|Sooner or later we're all gone, so no one bothers getting attached.
Henning Mankell|If I make a movie in English, the money will come from Europe, so that I can keep my independence and freedom. The way they produce in Hollywood doesn't fit me.
Elizabeth Sharp, Natural Selection|Nate shook his head with a crooked grin. "You haven't gone Back to the Future, McFly.
DeiAmor Verus|Suddenly they were both leaping around him, shouting 'Traitor!' and 'Thought-criminal!', the little girl imitating her brother in every movement. It was somehow slightly frightening, like the gamboling of tiger cubs which will soon grow up into man-eaters.
|In the end, success will surely be the final outcome. But until then, try not to count yourself out of the race.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Invest in your dreams, not in your fears.
Matthew Desmond|It's sad when you say a $30 million film is an inexpensive film, but it is.
Ciara|Expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised.
Marie Abanga|Optimism is a deadly vice of gigantic proportions lodged into the human psyche by Satan. It is the enemy of reality. We see a bad situation and optimism prevents us from extrapolating that. Instead we think, "Oh, it's bound to get better." So we plunge into the thicket, sure that it will thin, denied the aerial view that would show us the true, unacceptable horror of our lot. Perhaps optimism is good for prison escapees, who have no choice but to plod on. The rest of us are not well served. It poisons our judgment.
Muhammad Iqbal, The Reconstruction Of Religious Thought In Islam|If I were to receive a pair of the blessed prophetic sandals to place on my head, then I shall consider myself no less than a fully crowned king.
The Skit Guys|Spiritual maturity is not reached by the passing of the years, but by obedience to the will of God. Some people mature into an understanding of God’s will more quickly than others because they obey more readily; they more readily sacrifice the life of nature to the will of God.
Rachel Carson|In fact, Wen'an was the prefect location for the scrap-plastics trace: it was close, but not too close, to Beijing and Tianjin, two massive metropolises with lots of consumers and lots of factories in need of cheap raw materials. Even better, its traditional industry - farming - was disappearing as the region's once-plentiful streams and wells were run dry by the region's rampant, unregulated oil industry. So land was plentiful, and so were laborers desperate for a wage to replace the money lost when their fields died. As I hear these stories, I can't help but wonder: How much of the plastic that Wen'an recycles was made from the oil pumped from Wen'an's soil? Are all those old plastic bags blowing down Wen'an's streets ghosts of the fuel that used to run beneath them?
Isaac Asimov, I. Asimov|Though argument does not create conviction, the lack of it destroys belief.
Albert Camus|Alas, Siddhartha, I see you suffering, but you're suffering a pain at which one would like to laugh, at which you'll soon laugh for yourself.
Bertrand Russell, История западной философии|Движение романтизма, в сущности, ставило целью освобождение человеческой личности от пут общественных условностей и общественной морали. В частности, эти путы были лишь бесполезным препятствием к желательным формам деятельности, так как каждая древняя община выработала правила поведения, относительно которых нечего сказать, кроме того, что они традиционны. Но эгоистические страсти, однажды освобожденные, нелегко снова подчинить интересам общества. Христианство имело определенный успех в усмирении «Я». Но экономические, политические и интеллектуальные причины стимулировали мятеж против церкви, а движение романтизма перенесло мятеж в сферу морали. Поощрения нового, ничем не ограниченного «Я» ясно делали общественную кооперацию невозможной и поставили его последователей перед альтернативой анархии или деспотизма. Эгоизм поначалу заставлял людей ожидать от других отеческой нежности. Но, когда они открыли с негодованием, что другие имеют свое собственное Я, разочарованное желание нежности обратилось в ненависть и насилие. Человек – не одиночное животное, и, поскольку существует общественная жизнь, самоутверждение не может быть высшим принципом этики.
Sunday Adelaja|If you are in Christ, then you have the heavenly position of His authority and operate on this earth in His name as someone who is from above
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, El juego del ángel|He truly was a man of faith. He believed in his friends, in the truth of things and in something to which he didn’t dare put a name or a face because he said as priests that was our job. Senor Sempere believed we are all a part of something, and that when we leave this world our memories and our desires are not lost, but go on to become the memories and desires of those who take our place. He didn’t know whether we created God in our own image or whether God created us without knowing what he was doing. He believed that God, or whatever brought us here, lives in each of our deeds, in each of our words, and manifests himself in all those things that show us to be more than mere figures of clay. Senor Sempere believed that God lives, to a smaller or greater extent, in books, and that is why he devoted his life to sharing them, to protecting them and to making sure their pages, like our memories and our desires, are never lost. He believed, and he made me believe it too, that as long as there is one person left in the world who is capable of reading them and experiencing them, a small piece of God, or of life, will remain” (p. 348).
Rius, Marx for Beginners|I can quite understand a man accepting laws that protect private property, and admit of its accumulation, as long as he himself is able under those conditions to realise some form of beautiful and intellectual life. But it is almost incredible to me how a man whose life is marred and made hideous by such laws can possibly acquiesce in their continuance.
Daya Kudari|The streets are silent / The playgrounds are still /The noise has moved elsewhere / Into our homes / Into our hearts / It’s been too long /Children are not where they belong /The streets, the playgrounds and the song /Have been waiting for too long…
Christopher Hawke, Unnatural Truth|There were so many places in my time with Rogerson that I wished I could go back to, hitting the stop button at just one moment to stop everything that came after. I had so many If Onlys, but each place I thought to stop meant missing something that came later. I needed it all, in the end, to make my own story find its finish.
Albert Einstein, Ideas and Opinions|Taking into account the public's regrettable lack of taste, it is incumbent upon you not to fit in.
Stephen Lang|What's in front of you is a whole world of experiences beyond your imagination. Put yourself, and your growth and development, first.
Catherine Zeta-Jones|My attitude is govern as if you've run your last race. That's not to say I've run my last race, but govern with a liberation and a freedom; change your mind frame to operate that way.
Jared Diamond, Why Is Sex Fun? The Evolution of Human Sexuality|Sex is flagrantly separated from reproduction in a few species, including bonobos and dolphins.
Vaishal sheth|The time between good night to good morning, all poetries are mentioned by her with his love and their good memories.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|Make sure, as often as possible, you are doing something you’d be happy to die doing.
André Gide, The Immoralist|Yet I'm sure there's something more to be read in a man. People dare not -- they dare not turn the page. The laws of mimicry -- I call them the laws of fear. People are afraid to find themselves alone, and don't find themselves at all. I hate this moral agoraphobia -- it's the worst kind of cowardice. You can't create something without being alone. But who's trying to create here? What seems different in yourself: that's the one rare thing you possess, the one thing which gives each of us his worth; and that's just what we try to suppress. We imitate. And we claim to love life.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|Forever does not make loss forgettable, only bearable.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Great people will always be mocked by those who feel smaller than them. A lion does not flinch at laughter coming from a hyena. A gorilla does not budge from a banana thrown at it by a monkey.A nightingale does not stop singing its beautiful song at the intrusion of an annoying woodpecker. Whenever you should doubt your self-worth, remember the lotus flower. Even though it plunges to life from beneath the mud,it does not allow the dirt that surrounds it to affect its growth or beauty.
Bryan Chapell, Praying Backwards: Transform Your Prayer Life by Beginning in Jesus' Name|Jesus designed the Lord's prayer to reveal His desire to give us more fully, graciously, and suitably the very things we most want but seek elsewhere. He does not want to deny us our desires but helps remove the false objects of our affections so that we will have the greater blessings he longs to lavish on us.
Deepak Chopra, The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success: A Practical Guide to the Fulfillment of Your Dreams|Instead of thinking outside the box,Get rid of the box.
Brandon Sanderson, The Well of Ascension|Each new day provides a new opportunity to allow everyone and everything to be exactly as they are. Allowance (non-judgmental, non-resistance to what is) leads the way to contentment ...
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|I'm not going anywhere!" said Harry fiercely. "One of my best friends is Muggle-born; she'll be first in line if the Chamber really has been opened...
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|We've no use for intellectuals in this outfit. What we need is chimpanzees. Let me give you a word of advice: never say a word to us about being intelligent. We will think for you, my friend. Don't forget it.
Marquis de Sade|Stupidity, outrage, vanity, cruelty, iniquity, bad faith, falsehood - we fail to see the whole array when it is facing in the same direction as we.
Alanna Mitchell, Malignant Metaphor: Confronting Cancer Myths|I grunted, hauling the rope hand over hand. A plaintive squeak came from the pulley system with each draw, as if I had strapped some unfortunate mouse to a torture device and was twisting with glee.
Eric Kripke|The time groaned by as John made a fool of himself. Eventually, he grew numb to the death and sin around him. He even came to enjoy gallivanting cross-country like a true crusader. His name brought tears of joy or pain of anger to those he left in his wake. The result of his own unresolved pain.
David  Kirk, Child of Vengeance|Sixty-nine was an interesting age--an age of infinite possibilities--an age when at last the experience of a lifetime was beginning to tell. But to feel old--that was different, a tired, discouraged state of mind when one was inclined to ask oneself depressing questions. What was he after all? A little dried-up elderly man, with neither chick nor child, with no human belongings, only a valuable Art collection which seemed at the moment strangely unsatisfying. No one to care whether he lived or died...
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|You have come a long way, and you do not know it. You have a long way to do, and you do know what that means.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Despite my best effort to make myself as large as absolutely possible, life will always be larger than me. That simple fact makes God not only a likelihood, but a necessity.
Leonard Edward Read, I, Pencil: My Family Tree As Told to Leonard E. Read|The main substantive achievement of neoliberalization, however, has been to redistribute, rather than to generate, wealth and income. …[T]his was achieved under the rubric of ‘accumulation by dispossession’. By this I mean the continuation and proliferation of accumulation practices which Marx had treated of as ‘primitive’ or ‘original’ during the rise of capitalism. These include the commodification and privatization of land and the forceful expulsion of peasant populations (compare the cases, described above, of Mexico and of China, where 70 million peasants are thought to have been displaced in recent times); conversion of various forms of property rights (common, collective, state, etc.) into exclusive private property rights (most spectacularly represented by China); suppression of rights to the commons; commodification of labour power and the suppression of alternative (indigenous) forms of production and consumption; colonial, neocolonial, and imperial processes of appropriation of assets (including natural resources); monetization of exchange and taxation, particularly of land; the slave trade (which continues particularly in the sex industry); and usury, the national debt and, most devastating of all, the use of the credit system as a radical means of accumulation by dispossession.
James E. Faust|Some hold grudges for a lifetime, unaware that courageously forgiving those who have wronged us is wholesome and therapeutic.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|The concurrence of two elements is necessary for bringing about a revolution; and by revolution I do not mean the street warfare, nor the bloody conflicts of two parties—both being mere incidents dependent upon many circumstances—but the sudden overthrow of institutions which are the outgrowths of centuries past, the sudden uprising of new ideas and new conceptions, and the attempt to reform all political and economical institutions in a radical way—all at the same time. Two separate currents must converge to come to that result: a widely spread economic revolt, tending to change the economical conditions of the masses, and a political revolt, tending to modify the very essence of the political organisation—an economical change, supported by an equally important change of political institutions.
Philip Pullman|Tell the story you want to tell, and let it be as long as it needs to be. Worry about marketing it later.
Debasish Mridha|Despite all the sadness, violence and misery, I still believe in universal peace, goodness, and beauty of humanity.
Ayn Rand, We the Living|She smiled. She knew she was dying. But it did not matter any longer. She had known something which no human words could ever tell and she knew it now. She had been awaiting it and she felt it, as if it had been, as if she had lived it. Life had been, if only because she had known it could be, and she felt it now as a hymn without sound, deep under the little whole that dripped red drops into the snow, deeper than that from which the red drops came. A moment or an eternity- did it matter? Life, undefeated, existed and could exist. She smiled, her last smile, to so much that had been possible.
Marcel Proust, The Guermantes Way|We may, indeed, say that the hour of death is uncertain, but when we say so we represent that hour to ourselves as situated in a vague and remote expanse of time, it never occurs to us that it can have any connexion with the day that has already dawned, or may signify that death — or its first assault and partial possession of us, after which it will never leave hold of us again — may occur this very afternoon, so far from uncertain, this afternoon every hour of which has already been allotted to some occupation. You make a point of taking your drive every day so that in a month’s time you will have had the full benefit of the fresh air; you have hesitated over which cloak you will take, which cabman to call, you are in the cab, the whole day lies before you, short because you have to be at home early, as a friend is coming to see you; you hope that it will be as fine again to-morrow; and you have no suspicion that death, which has been making its way towards you along another plane, shrouded in an impenetrable darkness, has chosen precisely this day of all days to make its appearance, in a few minutes’ time, more or less, at the moment when the carriage has reached the Champs-Elysées.
April Genevieve Tucholke, Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea|Freddie often fold me that you've got to be happy when you can, because life won't wait for you to take the time. And she was right.
Charles Dickens|Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn't before! What if Christmas, he thought, doesn't come from a store. What if Christmas...perhaps...means a little bit more!
Joseph A. Micucci, The Adolescent in Family Therapy: Harnessing the Power of Relationships|In cases where treatment with medication is warranted, work on family interactions will help to reduce symptom severity and promote better functioning in the long run.
Steven Cuoco, Guided Transformation|A leader is the one who knows the way, goes the way and shows the way.
Sahara Sanders|Often, exactly big complexes force an individual to achieve their big goals and massive success.
Jill Shalvis, Nobody But You|My favorite time is now, like tonight, under a full moon. When a thousand crystals are sparkling at us. It's almost magical, isn’t it?
Larry David|Until we have a better relationship between private performance and the public truth, as was demonstrated with Watergate, we as the public are absolutely right to remain suspicious, contemptuous even, of the secrecy and the misinformation which is the digest of our news.
Meg Kennedy Dugan, It's My Life Now: Starting Over After an Abusive Relationship or Domestic Violence|The sense of perspective that interaction with multiple cultures gives you I find to be extremely valuable, because it allows you to see the structure of a country with greater clarity, and gives you a sense of mental independence.
John Green|I realize that they giggle and I actually laugh, that they show their cleavage and I have none to show, but just so you know, I am also a girl. I'm one of the three wise MEN. And it's gay to think that James Bond is hot.
Daniel C. Dennett, Breaking the Spell: Religion as a Natural Phenomenon|If you can approach the world's complexities, both its glories and its horrors, with an attitude of humble curiosity, acknowledging that however deeply you have seen, you have only scratched the surface, you will find worlds within worlds, beauties you could not heretofore imagine, and your own mundane preoccupations will shrink to proper size, not all that important in the greater scheme of things.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|She had never done these things before; she did them expertly. She had a capacity for action, a competence that clashed incongruously with her appearance.
Kimberly Giles, Choosing Clarity: The Path to Fearlessness|Oh come on, smile. Lisa, Jack... being bisexual is hardly a crime. Best of both worlds, isn't it?'And Ianto pushed her away. 'No,Gwen. No, really it's bloody not. It's the worst of any world because you don't really belong anywhere, because you are never sure of yourself ot those around you. You can't trust in anyone, their motives or their intentions. And because of that, you have, in a world that likes its shiny labels, no true identity.
Bertrand Piccard|I became a member of the faculty at Northwestern University in 1965 but did not complete my thesis until two years later at a graduate ceremony at which Carnegie Institute of Technology became Carnegie-Mellon University. At Northwestern, I was mentored by the 'three Bobs:' Robert Eisner, Robert Strotz and Robert Clower.
Chelsea Ballinger, Sinners & Saints|I hear your voice in my sleep. When I’m near you, I am aware of every fucking second your body shifts. When I’m not near you... I can’t even think straight because I’m too busy thinking about what stupid thing you said or visualizing every smile you give me. Seeing you with my brother awakens my dark heart... kissing you, carves out my soul. I forsake every itch my body has for you just so I cannot be trapped by you. Never in my life have I wanted a woman so much yet couldn’t do it because I know that once we really just...” I lift my hands up clawing at the air. “When we sink into each other... it will be over.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Light is all a flower longs for, even when surrounded with priceless jewels.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow|In my view, suicide is not really a wish for life to end.'What is it then?'It is the only way a powerless person can find to make everybody else look away from his shame. The wish is not to die, but to hide.
Sandi Beth Jones, Byronic|Normal” is all about perception. I mean, isn’t “normal” what the majority of people do? So what if suddenly ninety-nine people out of a hundred decide to walk their iguanas down the street while wearing a tutu? Wouldn’t the one guy who didn’t own an iguana and wear a tutu be the freak? And isn’t it the ones who seem normal on the outside who, in actuality, know where the bodies are buried in the backyard or are secretly in love with their toaster?
Shannon L. Alder|Empowered Women 101: Real women don't tell the world or elude to it on Pinterest, Facebook or any other social media platform that they are in an awful relationship. It is disrespectful to the person you say you love. Plus, it is self abusive to yourself. Ask yourself these questions: What if everyone you knew read it? Would your significant other be upset or humiliated? Why are you posting it (pity, anxiety, fear, desperateness, inmaturity)? And why do you want people to know?
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|It’s simply this:the Irish kiss,a snog o’ bliss,be blessed luckfrom any miss.
William S. Burroughs, Naked Lunch: The Restored Text|Oh be careful! There they go again!" said the old queen as his string broke spilling his balls over the floor.... "Stop them will you, James, you worthless old shit! Don't just stand there and let the master's balls roll into the coal-bin!
François Fénelon|Those who correct others should watch for the Holy Spirit to go ahead of them and touch a person's heart. Learn to imitate Him who reproves gently. . . .When you become outraged over a person's fault, it is generally not "righteous indignation" but your own impatient personality expressing itself. Here is the imperfect pointing a finger at the imperfect. The more you selfishly love yourself, the more critical you will be. Self-love cannot forgive the self- love it discovers in others. Nothing is so offensive to a haughty, conceited heart as the sight of another one.God's love, however, is full of consideration, patience, and tenderness. It leads people out of their weakness and sin one step at a time.
William Shakespeare, Venus and Adonis|Fondling,' she saith, 'since I have hemm'd thee here  Within the circuit of this ivory pale,  I'll be a park, and thou shalt be my deer;  Feed where thou wilt, on mountain or in dale:  Graze on my lips, and if those hills be dry,  Stray lower, where the pleasant fountains lie.
Katherine Boo, Behind the Beautiful Forevers: Life, Death, and Hope in a Mumbai Undercity|But something he'd come to realize on the roof, leaning out, thinking about what would happen if he leaned too far, was that a boy's life could still matter to himself.
Ally Carter, United We Spy|Lie to yourself, not to someone else
Danika Stone, All the Feels|She sent Amelie to inform Maydrop that she donned an evening dress made of a heavy, supple olive green silk that gleamed under candlelight. It fell from the bodice, but rather than belling out, the silk was cut on the bias and hugged every curve of her body.The bodice was gathered under her breasts and trimmed with dark copper lace that glimmered with shiny black beads. and widened into short sleeves. Her hair was pulled straight back from her forehead without even a wisp floating at her ears, and she waved away the ruby necklace Amelie offered. She wanted no distraction from her face.She did, however, slide a sparkling ruby onto her right hand, a present she had given to herself when Ryburn Weavers made its first thousand guineas in profit.How better to remember that milestone than to wear a sizable percentage it on one's finger?Finally, Amelie drew out a small brush and skillfully applied a few strategic dabs of face paint. The last thing Theo wanted was to try to look conventionally feminine, but she'd discovered that a thin line of kohl made her eyes look deep and mysterious.
Rhonda Byrne, Hero|In this life of our' there will be leaders and there will be followers',, You Lead' and when you must follow follow GOD'.
Mandy Patinkin|I testify that inspiration can be the spring for every person's hope, guidance, and strength. It is one of the magnified treasures of life. It involves coming to the infinite knowledge of God.
Nan Shepherd, The Living Mountain|Have either of you seen Sam? Brianna can’t find him.”Albert sighed. “He’s out of town.”Edilio felt the blood drain out of his face. “He’s what?”Astrid arrived, coldly furious. “I’m not on the council anymore. You have no right—”“Shut up, Astrid,” Edilio said.Astrid, Albert, and Howard all stared. Edilio was as amazed as any of them. He considered apologizing—he had never spoken to Astrid that way. He’d never spoken to anyone that way.The truth was he was scared. Sam was out of town? With Drake running loose?“What makes you think Sam is out of town?” Edilio asked Albert.“I sent him,” Albert said. “Him and Dekka. Taylor and Jack, too. They’re looking for water.”“They’re what?”“Looking for water.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Instead of your life just disappearing or being wasted or spent, you are racing to make sure that it is being converted, making sure that it is being actually invested.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Usually without realizing it, our ultimate peace starts and ends in the authority of God alone, which means the solution to living in joy, peace, and harmony with our fellow men has been here for all since the beginning of mankind and throughout civilization. I have yet to feel the urge to argue politics: it reminds me of getting off the freeway to sit in raging traffic.
Apollonius of Tyana|To me, Green Arrow in the past, what people loved about Oliver Queen pre-New 52 was his relationships with other heroes. Like his friendship with Green Lantern, his animosity with Hawkman, his romance with Black Canary - these are all the things that sort of defined him.
Rakul Preet Singh|The chance of any species reaching and then surviving on an island as distant as one of the Hawaiian chain is infinitesimal, but despite the extraordinary odds, plants and seeds found their way ashore, carried by the tide or blown by trade winds, inside birds or in their feathers, in the branches of trees and in the jetsam of sunken ships.
Edith Wharton, The Custom of the Country|As he lay there, fragments of past states of emotion, fugitive felicities of thought and sensation, rose and floated on the surface of his thoughts. It was one of those moments when the accumulated impressions of life converge on heart and brain, elucidating, enlacing each other, in a mysterious confusion of beauty. He had had glimpses of such a state before, of such mergings of the personal with the general life that one felt one's self a mere wave on the wild stream of being, yet thrilled with a sharper sense of individuality than can be known within the mere bounds of the actual. But now he knew the sensation in its fulness, and with it came the releasing power of language. Words were flashing like brilliant birds through the boughs overhead; he had but to wave his magic wand to have them flutter down to him. Only they were so beautiful up there, weaving their fantastic flights against the blue, that it was pleasanter, for the moment, to watch them and let the wand lie.
Robert Galbraith, The Cuckoo's Calling|How easy it was to capitalize on a person’s own bent for self-destruction; how simple to nudge them into non-being, then to stand back and shrug and agree that it had been the inevitable result of a chaotic, catastrophic life.
Robin Brande, Fat Cat|He'll love and hate equally under cover, and esteem it a species of impertinence to loved or hated again.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|Her problem is with pretty,” Tennyson said. "She thinks I’ll need all these dresses in college. Like I would ever in a billion years pledge a sorority. I’ll pack a few of these to be ironic, though. I can wear them to, like, truck stops at night with mascara running down my cheeks and stuff.
Subcomandante Marcos|When I first started writing, it was me alone with a computer in my apartment. I hated the time away from other people, and my writing sucked. Now I have a laptop; I can do the most tedious part of my job in a public place.
Mika Brzezinski|I'm not the first to admit that raising a child in Park Slope, Brooklyn, can bear an embarrassing resemblance to the TV show 'Portlandia.' My wife and I try to have some ironic distance from the culture of organic, chemical-free parenting, but we're often participants.
James     Baldwin, Nobody Knows My Name|After using a paint chart from a local DIY superstore to identify the skin tone of his penis as midnight chocolate, Miriam stayed down on one knee and offered him the citizenship he had always wanted and the middle-aged white woman he would grudgingly accept.
Heath Ledger|The past is an old armchair in the attic, the present an ominous ticking sound, and the future is anybody's guess.
John Calvin|It would be the height of absurdity to label ignorance tempered by humility "faith"!(Institutio III.2.3)
Matthew T Eggemeier, A Sacramental-Prophetic Vision: Christian Spirituality in a Suffering World|Society has become well versed in the methods necessary to weaken the radicalism of the Gospel by reducing Christianity to what is viewed as reasonable by the logic of the market and by a culture committed to a largely post-Christian, consumerist vision of human life. Thus the disruptive character of Christianity is silenced and Christian spirituality is repackaged as a soothing therapeutic exercise that serves the needs of a culture committed above all else to the enjoyment of consumer activities.
Effrosyni Moschoudi, The Lady of the Pier - The Ebb|Each new day, our minds grow older; the mediocre, bitter or better daily lesson that makes our minds grow older is the matter!
Osho|The capacity to be alone is the capacity to love. It may look paradoxical to you, but it's not. It is an existential truth: only those people who are capable of being alone are capable of love, of sharing, of going into the deepest core of another person--without possessing the other, without becoming dependent on the other, without reducing the other to a thing, and without becoming addicted to the other. They allow the other absolute freedom, because they know that if the other leaves, they will be as happy as they are now. Their happiness cannot be taken by the other, because it is not given by the other.
Brian Clevinger, 8-Bit Theater|Optimism is like a firefly. A bright blaze of hope, unable to be captured.
|You would be very surprise with how much positive changes that you could make in your life, if could make it your top priority to mind your own business.
Oscar Wilde|When the past no longer illuminates the future, the spirit walks in darkness.
Daniel Radcliffe|I've never been one of the cool people at school, but then again, I don't get the people who are cool. It's not that I don't like them, it's just that they don't interest me.
Clay Shirky, Here Comes Everybody: The Power of Organizing Without Organizations|In the Information Age, the first step to sanity is FILTERING. Filter the information: extract for knowledge.Filter first for substance. Filter second for significance. These filters protect against advertising.Filter third for reliability. This filter protects against politicians.Filter fourth for completeness. This filter protects against the media.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|Be supportive to you partner. Be there for them.Listen to them and show you care. Humans fall in love with someone who listens and care, over someone who is beautiful and rich and that's how you lose your lover to others. It is because those people show interest ,they listen and care what you partner is saying or what she or he is going through. Beauty and money will get you relationship , but not love. Listening, caring and being there will get you Love.
Jack Kerouac|The results you deserve depend on your will to make your success happen."-Steven Cuoco
John Cameron Mitchell|Growing up, it was uncool to admit that your family had any money. And then, instantly, money was cool. In Reagan's parlance, it was about freedom of the individual, which was freedom to be greedy... individual versus society. There was a weird seduction in that, which I still feel.
Evgeny Morozov|The further you get into technology, the further you go into gaming. That's the general rule.
Seth Godin, Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us|How was your day? If your answer was "fine," then I don't think you were leading.
Robin Hobb, Ship of Magic|Refuse anxiety. When you borrow trouble against what might be, you neglect the moment you have now to enjoy. The man who worries about what will next be happening to him loses this moment in dread of the next with pre-judgement
Murray Kempton, Part of Our Time: Some Ruins & Monuments of the Thirties|Verily, I swear, 'tis better to be lowly born, and range with humble livers in content, than to be perk'd up in a glistering grief, and wear a golden sorrow.
Joyce Rachelle|Studying him then, it was hard not to notice how handsome Luke was, a fact that that most of the girls hadn't missed either. To their delight, his almost OCD obsession with having his hair no more than several inches long meant he regularly asked them to trim his sandy brown hair with nail scissors. An honour they held rock, paper, scissor tournaments for. It was all very serious stuff.
Haritha Velpureddy|Dear men, Pay attention to the curves of her lips than curves of her body
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|Our lives are a constellation of events, strung together, glittering; the shapes only being seen from a distance.
Howard Zinn|If history is to be creative, to anticipate a possible future without denying the past, it should, I believe, emphasize new possibilities by disclosing those hidden episodes of the past when, even if in brief flashes, people showed their ability to resist, to join together, occasionally to win. I am supposing, or perhaps only hoping, that our future may be found in the past's fugitive movements of compassion rather than in its solid centuries of warfare.
Sara Craven|Hot damn. Cue the violins and happy cartoon bunnies. I was in the middle of a Disney moment. Because this guy was gorgeous. And we were standing so close to each other. If he hadn't been holding onto a barely contained rage directed at yours truly, it could have almost been construed as romantic.
Wendy Joubert, Sea Witch|Whenever I look at the ocean, I always want to talk to people, but when I'm talking to people, I always want to look at the ocean.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|In life, everyone must decide in what area of life he or she wants to be great.
AainaA-Ridtz, The Sacred Key — Transcending Humanity|Do not contemplate the Essence of the UnVeiled, for the UnVeiled therein your World does not hold to polarities, nor of your conjectures; Chapter "The Unveiling
Jeet Thayil|Isn't it incredible?, I said.There was nothing incredible about it, she said.I thought it was so because I spoke English, because I read books, and because my parents paid for my education and my upkeep. For me everything was surprising, the world was full of wonder, the most random idiotic occurrence was incredible because my luck made it so. For people like her, for the poor, the only incredible thing in the whole world was money and the mysterious ways in which it worked.
Chloe Neill, Twice Bitten|We teleported," Issie finishes. "Like in Star Trek or Harry Potter, sort of. No! Like in Dr. Who in that episode with the Sontarans and the brilliant human boy, or really any Dr. Who ever if you think of the Tardis! Holy canola! That is just the coolest thing ever! Wowie, wow, wow!
Janet Autherine, Growing into Greatness with God: 7 Paths to Greatness for our Sons and Daughters|True spirituality is not taught, it's caught. Once our sails have been unfurled to the Spirit, henceforth our motivation for the journey toward holiness and wholeness is immense gratitude.
Kimberly Novosel, Loved|The voice sang on, “I am ready, I am ready, I am fine. I am fine, I am fine, I am fine.” I played it again. I was not fine.
Aly Martinez, The Darkest Sunrise|I couldn't keep doing this to myself. One day, I was going to wake up and realize that, in my desperate escape from the pain in the present, I'd let the future pass me by.
Tom Brady|I was eating bad stuff. Lots of sugar and carbs, junk food all the time. It makes you very irritated.
Scott Westerfeld, Peeps|The sun tells the best joke of a day full of them, setting so spectacularly that you can almost smell the tropical paradise lazing somewhere over this rim of endless, gray socialist towers. Miles of square windows explode orange, red, and purple, like a million TV sets broadcasting the apocalypse. Clouds unspool. The sky drains of birds.
Charlotte Turner Smith, Marchmont|I have heard that all ideas of equality are visionary—that they can never be realized—and I believe it. But surely, though there must be hewers of wood, and drawers of water, they ought to have the absolute necessaries of life.
Martin Mull|During the Great Depression, when people laughed their worries disappeared. Audiences loved these funny men. I decided to become one.
Ted Michael, Crash Test Love|I have always known there is a difference between loneliness and aloneness. I am alone, but my father is lonely. And if I had to choose one, I would rather be alone.
Auliq Ice|Girls get under each other's skin. We get too close, too attached, too crazy, and then we can't let go. Our claws sink too deep. When we separate, we tear each other apart.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|When a turbulent mind and wounded heart surrenders to grace, breathing is easy.
Beth Johnson|A statement made from the heart has an aroma, it has lights, it has earth andsun and moon. It is colorful and it grasps the attention of those around you,like the sunset.
Raphael Zernoff|We cannot perceive what we are not vibrationally a part of. We cannot be affected by an experience of evil, when we are focused on peace, harmony and love.
Aisha Mirza|Because vision appears so effortless, we are like fish challenged to understand water.
Paul Walker|Polynesian women are known for their long hair, glowing skin, and thick nails. And that comes from the local diet, which is mostly plant based with a little bit of fish and a lot of natural fats and oils.
Rob Kendall, Blamestorming: Why Conversations Go Wrong and How to Fix Them|Without delayed gratification, there is no patience.
Christa Parravani|What do you know about bipolar disorder?” I almost say, What do you know about it? But I make myself breathe and smile. “Is that the Jekyll-Hyde thing?” My voice sounds flat and even. Maybe a little bored, even though my mind and body are on alert. “Some people call it manic depression. It’s a brain disorder that causes extreme shifts in mood and energy. It runs in families, but it can be treated.” I continue to breathe, even if I’m not smiling anymore, but here is what is happening: my brain and my heart are pounding out different rhythms; my hands are turning cold and the back of my neck is turning hot; my throat has gone completely dry. The thing I know about bipolar disorder is that it’s a label. One you give crazy people. I know this because I’ve taken junior-year psychology and I’ve seen movies and I’ve watched my father in action for almost eighteen years, even though you could never slap a label on him because he would kill you. Labels like “bipolar” say This is why you are the way you are. This is who you are. They explain people away as illnesses.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, Before We Visit the Goddess|Push away the past, that vessel in which all emotions curdle to regret.
Jorge Ramos|The simple truth of the matter is that people who complain about a peaceful parade which lasts at best one hour in a particular place - ONCE in a whole year - do so out of hatred and intolerance. it isn't just the parade, it is seeing gay and trans people in public - and gay and trans people BEING gay and trans in public. And that is the root of the problem - they HATE gay and trans people.
Rachel Corrie|Sometimes I sit down to dinner with people and I realize there is a massive military machine surrounding us, trying to kill the people I'm having dinner with.
Susan May Warren, A Matter of Trust|Yeah, seeing her unsettled him, but it was her words that nearly took him apart. Because sometime after his heart started beating again, after he’d grabbed ahold of his emotions, she’d become the woman that, once upon a time, he’d fallen in love with.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you feed a child, you strengthen him for a day; if you educate him, you strengthen him for a lifetime.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Give up your thirst for books, so that you do not die a grouch.
Carol P. Christ|You have young men of color in many communities who are more likely to end up in jail or in the criminal justice system than they are in a good job or in college. And, you know, part of my job, that I can do, I think, without any potential conflicts, is to get at those root causes.
Bruce Jenvey, The Ragtime Coven|I love you. Forever, and a day.
Deepak Chopra|Mathematics expresses values that reflect the cosmos, including orderliness, balance, harmony, logic, and abstract beauty.
Billy Witt, True Conversion: An Examination of the Gospel, Evangelism, and the New Birth|When the mercy of God comes into the life of a person, he increases and succeeds in all things.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|I wished for death," he whispered, and the words took the smile from both our lips.His gaze met mine again, this time it was earnest and beseeching. "I knew I could not leave you behind, so I planned to kill you first. I could not. I sat here with the pistol at your head for a long time. I thought of...how much you loved me, that you would make such a request, and...I could not. So I am chained here in this life, with you." He shook his head quickly. "Non, that did not sound as it should. I...will not betray you by leaving you alone, and I cannot take you with me, so I will remain, because I love you.
Saint Bernard|Until we meet again, may God bless you as he has blessed me.
Jodi Picoult, Change of Heart|It was so damn hard to find love in this world, to locate someone who could make you feel that there was a reason you'd been put on this earth. A child, I imagined, was the purest form of that. A child was the love you didn't have to look for, didn't have to prove anything to, didn't have to worry about losing. Which is why, when it happened, it hurt so badly.
Nikki Rowe|She never allowed the external world to change her soul, that was her magic.
Ann Marie Aguilar|Love is beautiful,A beautiful deception.One falls in itTo deceive the other
Mary Crocker Cook, Awakening Hope. A Developmental, Behavioral, Biological Approach to Codependency Treatment.|It's simple,' Kat told them. 'You bombard them with images of what they ought to be, and you make them feel grotty for being the way they are. You're working with the gap between reality and perception. That's why you have to hit them with something new, something they've never seen before, something they aren't. Nothing sells like anxiety.
Lucius Accius|Seven is more than a lucky number or a famous baseball player's uniform. It's the brain's natural shepherd, herding vast amounts of information into manageable chunks.
Kiera Van Gelder, The Buddha and the Borderline: My Recovery from Borderline Personality Disorder through Dialectical Behavior Therapy, Buddhism, and Online Dating|An inner ease spreads inside me. Such is the power of acceptance and understanding from other people, the power of validation
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If God can help us locate demands, He can also help us locate the leaks.
Zig Ziglar|Fear keeps us focused on the past or worried about the future. If we can acknowledge our fear, we can realize that right now we are okay. Right now, today, we are still alive, and our bodies are working marvelously. Our eyes can still see the beautiful sky. Our ears can still hear the voices of our loved ones.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Each day you wake up, you wake up with billions around the world but when the sun sets, not all retire. It is a joyful privilege to note that you are a unique person among billions of people who wake up each day to walk on the surface of the earth. It is a noble responsibility to note that you have to use this privilege effectively.
Stephen Batchelor, Buddhism without Beliefs: A Contemporary Guide to Awakening|A person who is asleep is either lost in deep unconsciousness or absorbed in a dream. Metaphorically, this was how the Buddha must have seen both his previous self as well as everyone else he had known: they either were blind to the questions of existence or sought consolation from them in metaphysical or religious fantasies.
Patti Feuereisen, Invisible Girls: The Truth About Sexual Abuse--A Book for Teen Girls, Young Women, and Everyone Who Cares About Them|There are generally three parties to child abuse: the abused, the abuser and the bystander.
Alain de Botton|You normally have to be bashed about a bit by life to see the point of daffodils, sunsets and uneventful nice days.
Stacy A. Padula|Give into hope, I say, for fear will only paralyze. It is better to life a life of love amidst the pain than a life of apathy.
Loren Weisman|Only Getting the A and Z with out the B through Y, leaves you SOL.
Christopher Lee|You have to really understand that although certain memories or stories make you sad, you are not sad. Pull yourself out from that emotion and remember that.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|There is need for clarity on what your leadership role stands for and the kind of unwavering and unstoppable beliefs required. These beliefs must not be deterred by current circumstances and conditions. They must become your source of internal strength and inspiration, especially during trying times. How strong, positive and empowering is your belief system as a leader?
C. JoyBell C.|Do you really believe in destiny?" "How can I not believe in destiny, when there is no difference between my memories and my dreams at night? There's no difference between their reality. And if I dream something first, I remember it later when I am actually walking in the place or looking at the person I first dreamed of. Days later. Or years later. Destiny~ she walks with me.
Ross Macdonald|The walls of books around him, dense with the past, formed a kind of insulation against the present world and its disasters.
Bertolt Brecht|A biochemist colleague has kindly provided me with a bottle of hydrogen peroxide, and enough hydroquinone for 50 bombardier beetles, I am now about to mix the two together. According to the above, they will explode in my face. Here goes...Well... I'm still here! I poured the hydrogen peroxide into the hydroquinone, and absolutely nothing happened. It didn't event get warm!
Dan Simmons, Hyperion|Tyrena did not laugh again but her smile slashed upward in a twist of green lips. “Martin, Martin, Martin,” she said, “the population of literate people has been declining steadily since Gutenberg’s day. By the twentieth century, less than two percent of the people in the so-called industrialized democracies read even one book a year. And that was before the smart machines, dataspheres, and user-friendly environments.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|Of course. That's what people do in a disordered world, a world of freedom and choice: they leave when they want. They disappear, they come back, they leave again. And you are left to pick up the pieces on your own.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|You see, it is so hard for these creatures to persevere. The routine of adversity, the gradual decay of youthful loves and youthful hopes, the quiet despair (hardly felt as pain) of ever overcoming the chronic temptations with which we have again and again defeated them, the drabness which we create in their lives and the inarticulate resentment with which we teach them to respond to it--all this provides admirable opportunities of wearing out a soul by attrition.
Steve Martin|A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|Love is not an emotion. Love is the only constant in the universe, the substance and the truth of what we really are.
Robert Flint, Agnosticism|...properly a theory about knowledge, not about religion. A theist and a Christian may be an agnostic; an atheist may not be an agnostic. An atheist may deny that there is God, and in this case his atheism is dogmatic and not agnostic. Or he may refuse to acknowledge that there is a God simply on the ground that he perceives no evidence for his existence and finds the arguments which have been advanced in proof of it invalid. In this case his atheism is critical, not agnostic. The atheist may be, and not infrequently is, an agnostic.
Aiden Shaw, Sordid Truths: Selling My Innocence for a Taste of Stardom|Your name still rings a bell when you say something good, not by causing catastrophe in a bid to sound more interesting.
Stephen King, The Long Walk|Garraty wondered how it would be, to lie in the biggest, dustiest library silence of all, dreaming endless, thoughtless dreams behind your gummed-down eyelids, dressed forever in your Sunday suit. No worries about money, success, fear, joy, pain, sorrow, sex, or love. Absolute zero. No father, mother, girlfriend, lover. The dead are orphans. No company but the silence like a moth's wing. An end to the agony of movement, to the long nightmare of going down the road. The body in peace, stillness, and order. The perfect darkness of death.How would that be? Just how would that be?
Becca Fitzpatrick, Finale|The only difference between loyalty and love is that for love you do all of these things because you want to, and you would do them again, and again, and again.Loyalty is learned; love is organic.
Tom Clancy|If you don't write it down, it never happened.Cathy (& Jack) Ryan
Alice Pung, Laurinda|If you enjoy sex or explore aspects of your sexual identity using technology, that experience should belong to you. Only you should get to decide whether it was a good or bad thing to do.
Anne Rice, Exit to Eden|Usually when you ask somebody in college why they are there, they'll tell you it's to get an education. The truth of it is, they are there to get the degree so that they can get ahead in the rat race. Too many college radicals are two-timing punks. The only reason you should be in college is to destroy it.
Hilaire Belloc|That's right," said Door. Her cheek lightly grazed and her dirty reddish hair was tangled; tangled but not matted. And her eyes...Richard realized that he could not tell what color her eyes were. They were not blue, or green, or brown, or gray; they reminded him of fire opals: there were burning greens and blues, and even reds and yellows that vanished and glinted as she moved.
Marissa Mayer|Walmart is an amazing story of entrepreneurship and, as one of the world's most powerful brands, touches millions of lives every day.
Emily Thorne|They have him,' Marina hisses, pointing into the dark. 'They have his body and I'm not letting them keep it.
René Girard, Violence and the Sacred|The goal of religious thinking is exactly the same as that of technological research -- namely, practical action. Whenever man is truly concerned with obtaining concrete results, whenever he is hard pressed by reality, he abandons abstract speculation and reverts to a mode of response that becomes increasingly cautious and conservative as the forces he hopes to subdue, or at least to outrun, draw ever nearer.
Arnel Tan, Moments of Grace|Honor is for the Lord. Who the Lord honors, and how He'll do it, is all up to Him.
Amy Gerstler, Ghost Girl|Fuck You Poem #45Fuck you in slang and conventional English.Fuck you in lost and neglected lingoes.Fuck you hungry and sated; faded, pock marked, and defaced.Fuck you with orange rind, fennel and anchovy paste.Fuck you with rosemary and thyme, and fried green olives on the side.Fuck you humidly and icily.Fuck you farsightedly and blindly.Fuck you nude and draped in stolen finery.Fuck you while cells divide wildly and birds trill.Thank you for barring me from his bedside while he was ill.Fuck you puce and chartreuse.Fuck you postmodern and prehistoric.Fuck you under the influence of opiun, codeine, laudanum, and paregoric.Fuck every real and imagined country you fancied yourself princess of.Fuck you on feast days and fast days, below and above.Fuck you sleepless and shaking for nineteen nights running.Fuck you ugly and fuck you stunning.Fuck you shipwrecked on the barren island of your bed.Fuck you marching in lockstep in the ranks of the dead.Fuck you at low and high tide.And fuck you astride anyone who has the bad luck to fuck you, in dank hallways, bathrooms, or kitchens.Fuck you in gasps and whispered benedictions.And fuck these curses, however heartfelt and true,that bind me, till I forgive you, to you.
|He smells safe, too, like sunlit walks in the orchard and silent breakfastsin the dining hall. And in the moments before I drift off to sleep, I almost forget about our war-torn city and all the conflict that willcome to find us soon, if we don’t find it first.
Claudia Nice, First Steps Drawing in Pen & Ink|For me, a paint brush is the only tool I use extensively in my works, to push paint on canvas and conduct melodies. And that's exactly what Garden Avenue is, and all of my projects after that.
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|It was as if I were an oyster and somebody forced a grain of sand into my shell -- a grain of sand that I didn't know was there and didn't particularly welcome. Then a pearl started forming around the grain and it irritated me, made me angry, tortured me sometimes. But the oyster can't help becoming obsessed with the pearl.
Jewel|We can't underestimate the value of silence. We need to create ourselves, need to spend time alone. If you don't, you risk not knowing yourself and not realizing your dreams.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Melly is the only woman friend I ever had,” she thought forlornly, “the only woman except Mother who really loved me. She’s like Mother, too. Everyone who knew her has clung to her skirts.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|Poor families are living above their means, in apartments they cannot afford. The thing is, those apartments are already at the bottom of the market. 24 Our cities have become unaffordable to our poorest families, and this problem is leaving a deep and jagged scar on the next generation.
Justin Wetch, Bending The Universe|i've heard this called st. peter's square," arlene said. "but it isn't square. it's oval.
Shinedown|Please don't cry one tear for me, I'm not afraid of what I have to say.This is my one and only voice, so listen close... it's only for today.
Lauren Graham, Someday, Someday, Maybe|Of all the lists I’ve made of goals, and all the visions I’ve had, it never before occurred to me that I could be this specific, that I could aspire to a goal actually measurable in inches. I wonder if this is how successful people do it. I wonder if the difference between success and failure could more accurately be described in the waist sizes for jeans.
Nat King Cole|In the end, I think the majority of Romanian society will understand that if we respect environmental protection standards, if we have benefits in taxes, royalties, jobs, we should do what all the modern countries in Europe and beyond are doing to take advantage of their natural resources.
Katherine McIntyre, Scrying for Summer|She made him yearn for a future his kind could never have, and a connection he sure as hell didn’t deserve.
Nikhil Bhardwaj, O Amor|Love ends abruptly. In fact, this is central to endings of most sort. We just don't admit that.
Margaret Atwood|A truth should exist,it should not be usedlike this. If I love youis that a fact or a weapon?
Brendan T. Kelly, Beyond the Image: A Collection of Visual Tales|A picture should capture a moment, a place in time you can return to again and again.
Victoria Moran|Some guys say beauty is only skin deep. But when you walk into a party, you don't see somebody's brain. The initial contact has to be the sniffing.
James Marquess, Stem: A Novella|If you are too afraid of losing something, it means you didn’t care enough for it in the first place.
Isaac Deutscher, The Prophet Armed: Trotsky, 1879-1921|Mechanically I carried on across the Irish Sea, noticing with a jaundiced eye that it had suddenly lost the sinister threat of no-man's-land and was transformed into a placid highway where ferry-steamers would soon chug peacefully over the unmarked graves of gallant seamen.
DaShanne Stokes|you struggle with the notion that you can love a person you hate, or hate a person you love. It’s a strange feeling. You want to live in a world where someone is good or bad, where you either hate them or love them, but that’s not how people are.
Alan Downs, The Velvet Rage: Overcoming the Pain of Growing Up Gay in a Straight Man's World|The damaging part of learning to live your life in two parts , whether in reality or fantasy, cannot be underestimated. It is an infectious skill that you learned, one that would eventually spread beyond the bedroom of your life. Life wasn't ever what it seemed on the surface. Nothing could be trusted for what it appeared to be. After all, you weren't what you appeared to be. In learning to hide part of yourself, you lost the ability to trust anything or anyone fully. Without knowing it, you traded humane innocence for dry cynicism.
Stormie Omartian|When we forgive someone, it doesn’t justify what they’ve done. It releases them into God’s hands so He can deal with them.
David Levithan, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|In my mind, she was Lebkuchen Spice—ironic, Germanic, sexy, and off beat. And, mein Gott, the girl could bake a damn fine cookie … to the point that I wanted to answer her What do you want for Christmas? with a simple More cookies, please!But no. She warned me not to be a smart-ass, and while that answer was totally sincere, I was afraid she would think I was joking or,worse, kissing up.It was a hard question, especially if I had to batten down the sarcasm. I mean, there was the beauty pageant answer of world peace, although I’d probably have to render it in the beauty pageant spelling of world peas. I could play the boo-hoo orphan card and wish for my whole family to be together, but that was the last thing I wanted, especially at this late date.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Culture and Value|Getting hold of the difficulty deep down is what is hard. Because if it is grasped near the surface it simply remains the difficulty it was. It has to be pulled out by the roots; and that involves our beginning to think about these things in a new way. The change is as decisive as, for example, that from the alchemical to the chemical way of thinking. The new way of thinking is what is so hard to establish. Once the new way of thinking has been established, the old problems vanish; indeed they become hard to recapture. For they go with our way of expressing ourselves and, if we clothe ourselves in a new form of expression, the old problems are discarded along with the old garment.
LKY on LIFE|I’m going to Bristol,” Matthew said desperately. “I’ll reschedule the meetings. I won’t do anything without your leave. But at least I can gather information— interview the local transport firm, have a look at their horses—” “Swift,” the earl interrupted. Something in his quiet tone, a note of… kindness?… sympathy?… caused Matthew to stiffen defensively. “I understand the reason for your urgency—” “No, you don’t.” “I understand more than you might think. And in my experience, these problems can’t be solved by avoidance. You can never run far or fast enough.” Matthew froze, staring at Westcliff. The earl could have been referring either to Daisy, or to Matthew’s tarnished past. In either case he was probably right. Not that it changed anything. “Sometimes running is the only choice,” Matthew replied gruffly, and left the room without looking back.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|The mind has no tools to enter the unconscious dimensions. Only if you are outside of the mind you can look at everything the way it is. When you are in it, there is no way to dissect yourself. You can catch hold of somebody else and dissect them, but you cannot dissect yourself. Even if you do, you cannot see everything. If you are using any faculty of the mind you cannot truly be aware of the nature of the mind.
Alan Stern|We must teach science in the mother tongue. Otherwise, science will become a highbrow activity. It will not be an activity in which all people can participate.
A. Scott Berg|One of the most obvious parts of my character is the smile, and if I wasn't comfortable in myself then I wouldn't be able to smile so much.
Ovid|I am the poet of the poor, because I was poor when I loved; since I could not give gifts, I gave words.
Jill Scott|If something happened where I couldn't write music anymore, it would kill me. It's not just a job. It's not just a hobby. It's why I get up in the morning.
Geoffrey O'Brien, Sonata for Jukebox: An Autobiography of My Ears|I learned that the day "The Viper's Drag" slipped from between my fingers. But whatever might be lost or broken or forgotten is nothing compared to the miraculous rebirth that occurs every time the needle hits the groove. Here is Fats Waller Himself, not dead but present, so present that he overwhelms the well-ordered precincts of the living room. The sound sprawls. What vibrates here has more life than any room.
James Truslow Adams|As we look over the list of the early leaders of the republic, Washington, John Adams, Hamilton, and others, we discern that they were all men who insisted upon being themselves and who refused to truckle to the people. With each succeeding generation, the growing demand of the people that its elective officials shall not lead but merely register the popular will has steadily undermined the independence of those who derive their power from popular election. The persistent refusal of the Adamses to sacrifice the integrity of their own intellectual and moral standards and values for the sake of winning public office or popular favor is another of the measuring rods by which we may measure the divergence of American life from its starting point.
Bruce Chatwin, The Songlines|Sluggish and sedentary peoples, such as the Ancient Egyptians-- with their concept of an afterlife journey through the Field of Reeds-- project on to the next world the journeys they failed to make in this one.
St. Vincent de Paul|The rich world likes and wishes to believe that someone, somewhere, is doing something for the Third World. For this reason, it does not inquire too closely into the motives or practices of anyone who fulfills, however vicariously, this mandate.
Terry Pratchett, Unseen Academicals|There are all kinds of darkness, and all kinds of things can be found in them, imprisoned, banished, lost or hidden. Sometimes they escape. Sometimes they simply fall out. Sometimes they just can't take it any more.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|I have always been one who wanted a great of love, admiration and respect from others without having to go to all the trouble of deserving it.
Sandeep Sahajpal|A community or a country is poor or rich, depending upon who lives on the waterfronts - the poor or the rich!
Emily Matchar|Her conclusion: "You just have to follow your own heart" when it comes to medical decision-making.
Jeffrey Rosen|You cannot have Liberty in this world without what you call Moral Virtue, and you cannot have Moral Virtue without the slavery of that half of the human race who hate what you call Moral Virtue.
Sunday Adelaja|When Christian leaders dare to invade with authority the devil’s domain with kingdom attitude, people listen
Jessica Valenti|There's no greater feeling in the world than when you can put a smile on somebody's face just by walking into a room. It's unbelievable. And if I have that power, who am I to waste it, you know?
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|I had fun last night," I told Patch, flicking off my chin strap and handing over my helmet. "I'm officially in love with your sheets." "That the only thing you're in love with?""Nope. Your mattress, too."Some smile crept into Patch's eyes. "My bed's an open invitation.
Joanne Greenberg, I Never Promised You a Rose Garden Teachers' Guide|Here’s the thing - in this damned century, you’ll meet a lot of people who do a lot of things. What’s funny is the fact that the most desirable attributes of these people are nothing but developed and cultured thoughts. And these things come naturally to people who shine bright. The other guys just try to ape these thoughts, in an embarrassing attempt to recreate some of that magic. Sadly,- what looks beautiful as a natural quotient can be extremely funny and disgusting when replicated manually. Stop replicating feelings; else you’ll turn into one of those duplicate personalities. They’re wannabes. You don’t have to become one!
Martha Tucker, The Mayor's Wife Wore Sapphires|The Government's going to pass a bill regarding schools. Well I never. Interfering gang they are, as if a parent doesn't know what's best for her own child. I don't know, I don't know! We won't be able to call our children our own just now.
Washed Out|I'm excited to see the growth in women's cycling, and I think the Women's Tour has had a really positive impact on that change.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|We need the wisdom to accept the fact that this world abounds with issues we cannot solve; and we need to part ways with those people, ideas and things that are a vexation to the soul.
Adam Driver|I like the songs that are fun, that aren't gonna change the world - I've some of those - but even something like, 'You Should Be Here,' that was my chance to say, 'Look, this is me, too. I'm just a normal person.'
Fred Wilson|The bat is gone, but the smile remains.
Shannen Doherty|Surely God would not have created such a being as man, with an ability to grasp the infinite, to exist only for a day! No, no, man was made for immortality.
Santosh Adbhut Kumar|Most successful people chose the path and did the things in their own way, against all the rules and guidelines, but we are everyday told to follow the rules to be a successful person.
Neil Gaiman, The Wake|Charitably... I think... sometimes, perhaps, one must change or die. And, in the end, there were, perhaps, limits to how much he could let himself change.
Pet Torres, Tiger's Obsession|I just think that 'dating' is an engagement and not 'fun'." Emily says.
Cecily von Ziegesar, Nobody Does it Better|She was spoiled, but she wasn't lazy. She knew what she wanted, and because she believed absolutely that she could have everything she wanted if she tried hard enough to get it, she never stopped trying.
Sean M. Carroll|Take young researchers, put them together in virtual seclusion, give them an unprecedented degree of freedom and turn up the pressure by fostering competitiveness.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|Are you certain they never cut your member off?" Tormund gave a shrug, as if to say he would never understand such madness. "Well, you are a free man now, but if you will have the girl, best find yourself a she-bear. If a man does not use his member it grows smaller and smaller, until one day he wants to piss and cannot find it.
Philip Abelson|Part of the strength of science is that it has tended to attract individuals who love knowledge and the creation of it. ... Thus, it is the communication process which is at the core of the vitality and integrity of science.
Mathieu Amalric|A humorist is a person who feels bad, but who feels good about it.
Ann Brashares, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants|I'll get there, if I leave everything but my bones behind," said Sam. "And I'll carry Mr. Frodo up myself, if it breaks my back and heart.
Robin McKinley, Pegasus|Wishes, I am finding, are fickle things when they turn on you.
Chetan Bhagat|When I go outside in the morning for coffee, I'm not going to spend forty-five minutes getting ready. I just don't care.
Chris Evans|Old film-noir movies. There's something comforting about watching black-and-white movies, and hearing this kind of music just puts me in a fantasy world. It's a really great escape for me.
Ray Bradbury|Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, and not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.
Marcella Pixley|The love of God is like himself – equal, constant, not capable of augmentation or diminution; our love is like ourselves – unequal, increasing, waning, growing, declining. His, like the sun, always the same in its light, though a cloud may sometimes interpose; ours, as the moon, has its enlargements and straightenings.
Lynn Schusterman|The MLK Shabbat Suppers focused on the theme of educational inequity, which Dr. King considered inextricably linked to the struggle for equality and justice.
Joseph Brodsky|My idea is simply - is very simple - is that the books of poetry should be published in far greater volume and be distributed in far greater volume, in far more substantial manner. You can sell in supermarkets very cheaply. In paperbacks. You can sell in drugstores.
Seyyed Hossein Nasr, Islam in the Modern World: Challenged by the West, Threatened by Fundamentalism, Keeping Faith with Tradition|That Muhammad could predict certain events does not prove that he was a prophet: he may have been able to guess successfully, but this does not mean that he had real knowledge of the future. And certainly the fact that he was able to recount events from the past does not prove that he was a prophet, because he could have read about those events in the Bible and, if he was illiterate, he could still have had the Bible read to him.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|To every thig there is a season,a time for every purpose under the sun.A time to be born,and a time to die.A time to plant,and a time to recap.A time to weep,and I time to laughA time to mourn,and a time to dance.
Ovid, Metamorphoses|As wave is driven by wave And each, pursued, pursues the wave ahead, So time flies on and follows, flies, and follows, Always, for ever and new. What was before Is left behind; what never was is now; And every passing moment is renewed.
Sara Sheridan|In the 1950s at least less was expected of women. Now we're supposed to build a career, build a home, be the supermum that every child deserves, the perfect wife, meet the demands of elderly parents, and still stay sane.
Stephanie Lahart|I’m an Exquisite Black Queen! I like, love, and celebrate myself. I don’t fit society’s beauty standards, but I’m beautiful to me. I know my worth and I respect who I am as a woman. I’ve got beauty on the inside and that makes me empowered and powerful. I’m fearless and comfortable in my own skin. I’ve got flaws, but I’m still confident! This Queen right here is flawed yet phenomenal, valuable and unique!
Edmund White|Writers say two things that strike me as nonsense. One is that you must follow an absolute schedule everyday. If you're not writing well, why continue it? I just don't think this grinding away is useful.
Alejandro Jodorowsky, Where the Bird Sings Best|If you want to draw some advantage from your history, you must accept not only this miracle but also many others. In memory, everything can become miraculous. All you have to do is wish it, and freezing winter turns into spring, miserable rooms fill up with golden tapestries, murderers turn good, and children who cry out of loneliness receive caring teachers who are really the children themselves moved back from adulthood to their early years. Yes, my daughter, the past is not fixed and unalterable. With faith and will we can change it, not erasing its darkness but adding lights to it to make it more and more beautiful, the way a diamond is cut.
William Faulkner, As I Lay Dying|I reckon if there’s ere a man or woman anywhere that He could turn it all over to and go away with His mind at rest, it would be Cora. And I reckon she would make a few changes, no matter how He was running it. And I reckon they would be for man’s good. Leastways, we would have to like them. Leastways, we might as well go on and make like we did.
John Dickson|What the biblical narrative tells me – and, in particular the account of Christ’s passion- is that while I may not be able to trace the artists hand at all times, I can always trust his motives. The God who is in control of all things, who acts behind the scenes in all things, is also the God who willingly suffers. He is the one I can shout at, cry with and find comfort in. His heart, if not all his ways, is clear to me because the cross wore it on his sleeve for all to see. This God is able to sympathise with those who suffer not simply because his is 'all knowing' - an attribute ascribed to any version of divinity - because he has experienced pain first hand.
Andrew Kaufman, All My Friends are Superheroes|The Perfectionist pushed Tom onto her bed. She took off his shirt. She took off his shoes and his socks. She took off his pants. She took off his boxers.With most guys the Perfectionist would stop there. She didn’t. She was still feeling reckless. She took off his skin. She took off his nervous system. She lifted up his rib cage. His heart beat in her hand. And there, underneath it, she found a rusted tin box. She opened it. Inside she found his hopes, his dreams and his fears. She stared at them. She was surprised to find them there and surprised at how beautiful they were. At that exact moment, the Perfectionist fell in love with Tom.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Bites|I turned to leave and paused before the gap in the ruined wall. "One last thing, Your Majesty. I'd like a name I can put into my report, something shorter than typing out 'The Leader of the Southern Shapechanger Faction.' What should I call you?""Lord."I rolled my eyes.He shrugged. "It's short.
Marilynne Robinson|What I must do, is all that concerns me, not what the people think. This rule, equally arduous in actual and in intellectual life, may serve for the whole distinction between greatness and meanness. It is the harder, because you will always find those who think they know what is your duty better than you know it. It is easy in the world to live after the world's opinion; it is easy in solitude to live after our own; but the great man is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude.
Christopher Hawke|The real world reveals itself like surprise gifts on our doorstep, special moments that seem above and beyond the reality of others. These times are full, beautiful and meaningful beyond words, even when wrapped in pain.
Robin McKinley, Pegasus|4.38 TONE OF SPEECHMost of the problems of life that be,Are caused by the tone of speech only,It is never what is said in reality,But how it’s said that causes harm truly.[221]	– 4
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|…marriage, they say, halves one's rights and doubles one's duties.
Graydon Carter|It will be good fun finding out what sport baby's good at; perhaps it will be something obscure. My parents were fantastic at taking me to training sessions and letting me try lots of different sports, so I want to do the same.
Steven Weinberg|Many people do simply awful things out of sincere religious belief, not using religion as a cover the way that Saddam Hussein may have done, but really because they believe that this is what God wants them to do, going all the way back to Abraham being willing to sacrifice Issac because God told him to do that. Putting God ahead of humanity is a terrible thing.
Baisakhi Saha, MagicNine -a true account of the inner adventures of a young girl to consciousness|logic is tragic, because it has no magic!
Nicholas Kristof|I'm inspired by artists and musicians. There are so many wonderful and talented people in the world. I love discovering new music, new writers, or new art.
Rick Yancey|Everything's going to be okay', because that's what I wanted him to say and it's what he wanted to say and that's what you do when the curtain is falling — you give the line that the audience wants to hear.
Jamie Farrell, Blissed|I love you, Quinn Shaughnessy. From the very first day when we snuck into my house and stole those chocolate chip cookies and then hid behind the jungle gym, I was hooked.
Megan Hart|You can break a thing, but you cannot always guide it afterward into the shape you want.
Francis Ford Coppola|As long as I can make lots of money in other businesses, I'll continue to subsidize my own work.
M.F. Moonzajer, The Journalist: Attack on the Central Intelligence Agency|We are not often against the evils, only because our enemies are against them.
Ask and It is Given|Every 'problem' we face is only a problem because of the way our mind (ego) perceives it. It is, in fact, not a problem at all but rather a lesson we are providing to ourselves in order to evolve.
Walter Brueggemann|I'll date you, love...not you and your iPad. I can't feel plastic palm play; I'm live like Memorex.
D.H. Lawrence, Sons and Lovers|Do we choose sleep? Hell no and bullshit - we fall. We give ourselves over to possibility, to whim and fancy, to the bed, to the pillow, the tiny white tablet. And these choose for us.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|I remember a new heaviness in my body, but maybe that's the work of time and my looking back.
Francis S. Collins, The Language of God: A Scientist Presents Evidence for Belief|I was vaguely aware that same of those around me thought that this pairing of explorations was contradictory and I was headed over a cliff, but I found it difficult to imagine that there could be a real conflict between scientific truth and spiritual truth. Truth is truth. Truth cannot disprove truth.
Hugo Chávez|I'm a reading addict. I can't live without it, like someone who is addicted to drugs.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|How ugly we must look to them, spilling light into every dark corner to push back the shadows, blinding ourselves to the true beauty of emptiness.
Libba Bray, A Great and Terrible Beauty|Come, gentlemen, I hope we shall drink down all unkindness.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you do not write the thoughts of the moments, it is lost forever.
Peter A. Lorge, The Asian Military Revolution: From Gunpowder to the Bomb|China failed to maintain its technological lead, and a similar failure throughout Asia to take advantage of the early exposure to that head start transformed precocity into a false dawn. Perversely, Asian improvements and adaptations of current (twentieth- to twenty-first-century) Western-developed technology are taken as further signs of lack of creativity.
Stendhal|As a parent, it's my responsibility to equip my child to do this - to grieve when grief is necessary and to realize that life is still profoundly beautiful and worth living despite the fact that we inevitably lose one another and that life ends, and we don't know what happens after death.
Alan Jacobs, Socrates Without Tears|You want the world to be perfect, Nedril—and that's a noble goal. But the world isn't perfect. It's people like me who give the world the chance to try another day for virtue.
Linda Olsson|It's often about the simple things, isn't it? Painting and photography are first about seeing, they say. Writing is about observing. Technique is secondary. Sometimes the simple is the most difficult.
Paul Gosar|With gridlock the norm, Congress's approval rating is below 10 percent and the public has lost faith in its national leadership.
Daniel Englisch|We are starved for quiet, to hear the sound of sheer silence that is the presence of God himself.
Kresley Cole, Lothaire|When she absently worried her bottom lip with one of her adorable little fangs, he sighed..Dear gods, it’d finally happened to him.Happiness.Then his own fangs sharpened.I will kill anyone who tries to take this feeling away from me.
Louise Erdrich, The Antelope Wife|Despite all the other factors that had contributed to my fate, in the end it was my decision that destroyed my life. And all the hurt I was enduring now was my doing. The blame rested solely with me.
Michael R. French, Once Upon a Lie|Albert Einstein was never clear if he believed in time travel, but had he raised a toddler, he certainly would have.
Ramez Naam|You carry Mother Earth within you. She is not outside of you. Mother Earth is not just your environment. In that insight of inter-being, it is possible to have real communication with the Earth, which is the highest form of prayer.
Paul Hollywood|An adult human can last 40 days without food, a week without any sleep, three days without water, but only five minutes without air. Yet nothing is more taken for granted than the air we breathe. However, not just any air will do - it must be exquisitely designed to meet our needs. Too little oxygen in the atmosphere will kill us, as will too much.
Kelsey Brickl, Hardtack: A Civil War Story|She was an afterthought, little Martha. She was treated the way many families treated pet dogs - she had to be fed and cleaned every now and then, but she was left to her own devices for the most part.
Joseph Bottum|Anything that keeps old words in circulation is to be treasured, the French revolution be damned.
Ruth Tessler Goldstein, The Heart Is Half a Prophet|The truth, my friend, is an awesome thing, to be handled with wisdom and with courage denied to ordinary people. Most of us must make do with illusions. Or else -- or else we could not endure.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|Prepare to evacuate soul in five, in four, three, two, one.
Genereux Philip|I fear that one day I will no longer understand desperation, and with that, I will slowly stop listening to what others have to say.
Jenna Evans Welch, Love & Gelato|Anyway, what I'm trying to say is, I really like you. A lot. But if you don't feel the same way about me, it's okay. Because you're really important to me, and I hope we can still be friends.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|So far gone am I in the dark side of earth, that its other side, the theoretic bright one, seems but uncertain twilight to me.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Styxx|How is it that standing outside for a minute in 90 degree heat is torture, yet standing in a blistering hot shower for 20 minutes is paradise?
Shannon Cutts, Beating Ana: How to Outsmart Your Eating Disorder and Take Your Life Back|We've been there and come back. When you fall in the pit, people are supposed to help you up. But you have to get up on your own. We'll take your arms, but you have to get your legs underneath you and stand.
J. Lynn, Wait for You|I started to kiss him back, slower and clumsy where his had been sure, practiced. I was worried I was doing it wrong, but then a deep sound came from him, almost a growl and instinctively Iknew it was a sound of approval.
Stacia Kane, Unholy Ghosts|It is not the homeless, mentally ill or extremely cunning people that we have to be afraid of. When someone loses everything that meant something to them is when people should get very afraid. A person that has nothing to lose is the scariest person on earth.
Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart|There weren't any curtains in the windows, and the books that didn't fit into the bookshelf lay piled on the floor like a bunch of intellectual refugees.
Janez Drnovsek|If money, education, and honesty will not bring to me as much privilege, as much equality as they bring to any American citizen, then they are to me a curse, and not a blessing.
Donna Lynn Hope|Incredible. It is just incredible that you can notice something like that when your face is so cold you can't feel it anymore, and you know perfectly well you are surrounded by death, and the only way to stay alive is to endure the howling wind and hold your course. And still the sky is beautiful.
P.J. Parker, America Túwaqachi: The Saga of an American Family|Do not fret, my brother, my child. For the buffalo will roam the plains once more.
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|O youth! youth! you have no concerns, you possess, as it were, all the treasures of the universe, even grief is a comfort to you, even sadness suits your looks, you are self-assured and bold, you say: 'Look, I'm the only one alive!' while the very days of your life run away and vanish without a trace and without number and everything in you disappears like wax, like snow in the heat of the sun... And perhaps the entire secret of your charm consists not in the possibility of doing everything, but in the possibility of thinking you can do everything, perhaps it consists precisely in the fact that you want only to scatter on the wind energies that you wouldn't know how to use for anything else, perhaps it consists in the fact that each one of us seriously regards himself as a spendthrift and seriously considers that he has the right to say: 'Oh, the things I could have done if only I hadn't wasted my time!
Drake Milligan|I had heard some Elvis songs on the radio. During Christmastime, they'd play 'Blue Christmas,' and I knew I liked his songs, but I didn't know who it was singing them. I just knew I liked them... I started reading, watching, and just picking up everything I could about him.
Tonya Burrows, Broken Honor|Tempting as your offer is, I won’t go home with you. I can’t sleep with you, Justin. You say it doesn’t have to be that way, but you and I both know that’s the way it would be. You’re a risk I can’t afford to take.
Sarvenaz Tash, The Mapmaker and the Ghost|Man, Grandma, what big hair you have.""The better to style with, my dear.
|Some people are so empty on the inside that if you take their material possessions away from them, they wouldn't have anything else to live for. Please try not to be like this kind of people.
Angela Carter, Love|Oh, the pain of it, thought Lee, thinking about his children, oh! the exquisite pain of unrequited love. The only authentic wound, the sweet curse they inflict on you, the revenge of heterosexuality.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|If you want to miss your crown, follow the crowd. If you want to wear the crown, go alone and be yourself.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|If you answer fire with fire, only the fire will be the winner.Si al fuego se le contesta con fuego, sólo el fuego vencerá. #quote
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We can never live this [Christian] life on the highest plane unless we are continually growing and moving forward. You should be closer to God today in heart, soul, and body than at any other time so far in your life.
Robin Alexander, Fearless|Dear Me, Talk about getting the wind knocked out of your sails when your best friend tells you you’re turning into a grumpy hermit. She told me that at breakfast today, and I was in denial until I talked to Chase, that little fucker. I made myself happy by soaking his ass five times before lunch. I did some soul searching, and I don’t think I’m depressed, but I do think I’m becoming too comfortable with being by myself. I’m really beginning to enjoy the company of cats more than people, and that’s probably not a good thing. Sprout and Ginger are so cute right now. Ginger’s cleaning Sprout’s head, and he’s smiling. Sometimes he’ll…yeah, I really need to get out more. I think life would be simpler if people acted more like cats. Like if someone is prattling on about something I don’t care about and I pop them in the forehead, they’d understand to walk away just like a cat does. A simple hiss conveys so much. I will attempt to gradually release myself back into a social environment. Me
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|It was so risky and so scary, and yet at the same time, so beautiful. Maybe the truth was, it shouldn't be easy to be amazing. Then everything would be. It's the things you fight for and struggle with before earning that have the greatest worth. When something's difficult to come by, you'll do that much more to make sure it's even harder -if not impossible- to lose.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|Everywhere man blames nature and fate, yet his fate is mostly but the echo of his character and passions, his mistakes and weaknesses.
George Orwell|Today, nuclear power provides 20 percent of power in the United States.
Khaled Hosseini|My relationship with money is that it's a tool to be self-sufficient, but it's not something that is a part of who I am.
Andy Murray|As Mick Jagger will tell you, performing is an aerobic work-out. I've got the bass guitar, which is the heaviest of all the instruments, and I'm a little girl, in boiling-hot leather under the lights. You have to keep the fitness level up if you want to look good up there.
Rupert Sheldrake|In all science, error precedes the truth, and it is better it should go first than last.
David Cassidy|No matter how old and glorious the models, sad indeed is the woman who sees fashion as a means of self-expression rather than an agent of social control.
Mohsin Hamid, Moth Smoke|Children are excellent judges of character, you know
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|The most practical of all methods for controlling the mind is the habit of keeping it busy with a definite purpose, backed by a definite plan."And"A man whose mind is filled with fear not only destroys his own chances of intelligent action, but he transmits these destructive vibrations to the minds of all who come in contact with him, and destroys, also, their chances.
G.K. Chesterton|Motherhood is near to divinity. It is the highest, holiest service to be assumed by mankind.
Arnold Palmer, A Life Well Played: My Stories|I always knew what was most important to me. When I was growing up, nothing was more important than golf, but that’s the attitude of a young person who hasn’t a care in the world. Later on I figured it out. Family was first. Always. Then golf and business come after.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Everyday, do more than you could; seek more than you should; understand more than is understood. Thus only a man stops being a hood.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When life’s journey is wearisome, put on hope’s shoes.
Jay Woodman|If the spirit of wonder & curiosity stays alive in us, then surely we will always have new questions, and always expand our creativity in response?
John Gould Fletcher, Irradiations; Sand and Spray|Here upon earth there is life, and then death,Dawn, and later nightfall,Fire, and the quenching of embers:But why should I not remember that my night is dawn in another part of the world,If the idea fits my fancy?
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|There are guys who grow up thinking they'll settle down some distant time in the future, and there are guys who are ready for marriage as soon as they meet the right person. The former bore me, mainly because they're pathetic; and the latter, quite frankly, are hard to find. But it's the serious ones I'm interested in, and it takes time to find a guy like that whom I'm equally interested in. I mean, if the relationship can't survive the long term, why on earth would it be worth my time and energy for the short term?
G.A. Aiken, Light My Fire|But I remember the strange dragon's eyes, the look on his face as he stared it me, the way my blood had warmed at the sight of him. I remembered the heat of his gaze, the instant awakening of something fierce and primal inside me when our eyes met. The rogue dragon was trouble. Plain and simple. And I was intrigued.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|Thus in order to be a "radical" one must be open to the possibility that one's own core assumptions are misconceived.
Amy Weber|On a royal birthday every house must fly a flag, or the owner would be dragged to a police station and be fined twenty-five rubles.
Paul Keating|Architecture is my work, and I've spent my whole life at a drawing board, but life is more important than architecture. What matters is to improve human beings.
Tina Maze|Mastering music is more than learning technical skills. Practicing is about quality, not quantity. Some days I practice for hours; other days it will be just a few minutes.
Jane Austen, Love and Friendship|Dear Eloisa (said I) there’s no occasion for your crying so much about such a trifle. (for I was willing to make light of it in order to comfort her) I beg you would not mind it – You see it does not vex me in the least; though perhaps I may suffer most from it after all; for I shall not only be obliged to eat up all the Victuals I have dressed already, but must if Henry should recover (which however is not very likely) dress as much for you again; or should he die (as I suppose he will) I shall still have to prepare a Dinner for you whenever you marry any one else. So you see that tho perhaps for the present it may afflict you to think of Henry’s sufferings, yet I dare say he’ll die soon and then his pain will be over and you will be easy, whereas my Trouble will last much longer for work as hard as I may, I am certain that the pantry cannot be cleared in less than a fortnight
Idries Shah, Reflections|Counsels of BahaudinYou want to be filled. But something which is full has first to be emptied. Empty yourself so that you will fill properly, by observing these counsels, which you can do as duties to yourself:FirstNever follow any impulse to teach, however strong it might be. The command to teach is not felt as an impulsion.
Mercy Cortez, Jagged Edge|We can go somewhere more private if you’d like… Buck” I whisper softly in his ear, pulling back almost as slowly as the wicked grin spreads across my face. His perverse smile hides nothing. I have him now, hook, line and zipper.
Mike Basevic, No Limits, Mastering the Mental Edge|They sky is never falling...thing will work out, they ALWAYS work out. Stay focused, accept everything as perfect and keep moving forward toward the direction of your goals.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Companies that do not have a succession plan in place in which their seasoned professionals are teaching the younger, less experienced generations risk losing far more than talent. The depth of their experience is a valuable commodity and resource.
Dada Bhagwan|To whom should you surrender? The one who takes the responsibility for you right till the ‘end’ (moksha, the ultimate liberation). Surrender to the one who is tatharoop [attained the highest spiritual state]. Surrender to the one whom you consider a ‘Virat Purush’ [magnificent human being], otherwise there is no point of surrendering.
Eric Schlosser|I've always been a movie guy, movies have been my thing. I love movies, all kinds of movies.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, Roger Malvin's Burial|Or maybe, he thought, returning to the boxes, it was part of being Catholic--you were made to feel guilty about everything
Gayle Forman, I Was Here|Back at home, after some prodding from Tereza, he admitted that he had been jealous watching her dance with a colleague of his. "You mean you were really jealous?" she asked him ten times or more, incredulously, as though someone had just informed her she had been awarded a Nobel Peace prize. Then she put her arm around his waist and began dancing across the room. The step she used was not the one she had shown off in the bar. It was more like a village polka, a wild romp that sent her legs flying in the air and her torso bounding all over the room, with Tomas in tow. Before long, unfortunately, she bagan to be jealous herself, and Tomas saw her jealously not as a Nobel Prize, but as a burden, a burden he would be saddled with until not long before his death.
Steven Herrick|My body is tired as worn out rug, but my brain (if i had) is always full of curiosity, jumping around for seeking new funs. If they could learn how to be cooperative each others, my life could be way easier... sigh*
