Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|Again, a conversation with the doctor. We always come back to the same point: "The church may not mix in politics." he says. And I tell him that when you are a Christian and profess that God is almighty, there is no single area of life from which you can eliminate God. -From the diary of Diet Eman
Ralph Adams Cram|If those in charge of our society - politicians, corporate executives, and owners of press and television - can dominate our ideas, they will be secure in their power. They will not need soldiers patrolling the streets. We will control ourselves.
Taryn Plendl, In My Arms|Oh Mom, it turns out my knight in shining armor was just some liar in tinfoil.
Kamand Kojouri|We are all lost, so lost, vulnerable and insecure. We are separated from love at birth, we are separated from God, from each other. All we want, all we yearn for is to connect.
Michelle Obama|My parents were working class folks. My dad was a bartender for most of his life, my mom was a maid and a cashier and a stock clerk at WalMart. We were not people of financial means in terms of significant financial means. I always told them, 'I didn't always have what I wanted. I always had what I needed.' My parents always provided that.
Laura Kasischke, White Bird in a Blizzard|Name?" the desk clerk said to me politely, her pencil poised."Name," I said vaguely. I remembered, and told her."Age?" she asked. "Sex? Occupation?""Writer," I said."Housewife," she said."Writer," I said."I'll just put down housewife," she said.
Philip K. Dick, Solar Lottery|You're - psychotic. There's something wrong with you.""I know," Benteley agreed. "I'm a sick man. And the more I see, the sicker I get. I'm so sick I think everybody else is sick and I'm the only healthy person. That's pretty bad off, isn't it?
Katherine Boo|Whether it's possible or not, being a doctor, you take an oath. To care for your patient, not to kill them. You take an oath to do things that are proper in the medical world. Not to administer something outside of a hospital setting that's not even your area.
Sunday Adelaja|According to the Word of the Lord, we are called but we have the choice of determining our destiny
J.E.B. Spredemann, Amish by Accident|Give serious thought to why your company should care about your strategy. Specifically, find problems that the board wants to be solved. What are senior managers scared of? Part of becoming a credible strategic thinker is learning effective approaches to selling ideas for your situation. You’ll know that you’re getting better at selling (or pitching) strategy when managers start coming to you when there is strategic thinking to be done.
Vera Wang|Film gives us the luxury of deciding where the viewpoint of the audience is, and by knowing that, we can very effectively design around what is actually seen on camera.
Francois Fenelon|Communication is about being effective, not always about being proper.
Nikola Tesla|I am part of a light, and it is the music. The Light fills my six senses: I see it, hear, feel, smell, touch and think. Thinking of it means my sixth sense. Particles of Light are written note. O bolt of lightning can be an entire sonata. A thousand balls of lightening is a concert.. For this concert I have created a Ball Lightning, which can be heard on the icy peaks of the Himalayas.
Johnny Vegas|If you catch me lying, it's probably because I'm about to surprise someone for their birthday, or hide away the specific details about a company getaway to a strange but amazing place.
Anne Osterlund, Salvation|I read nonfiction."She reared back as if offended.
Neil Strauss, The Truth: An Uncomfortable Book About Relationships|They say that a man is as faithful as his options, and in this moment I know it to be true. So I switched the phone off. It's too much. Even Jesus only had three temptations.
Eric Frank Russell, The Great Explosion|How can trade be bad if you don’t make moneyeven when it’s good?” inquired Gleed, reasonablyapplying the information Harrison had given him.Jeff’s big moon eyes went over him slowly thenturned to Harrison. “So he’s another bum off yourboat, eh? What’s he talking about?”“Money,” explained Harrison. “It’s stuff we use tosimplify trade. It’s printed stuff, like documentaryobs of various sizes.”“That tells me a lot,” Jeff Baines observed. “Ittells a crowd that has to make a printed record ofevery ob is not to be trusted — because they don’teven trust each other.
Belinda Jeffrey, One Long Thread|I kissed my fingers,held my palm flat beside my mouth and blew it into the air that surrounded her memory. I closed my eyes, thinking this was one of those moments you see in movies or read about in books where everything comes together.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we care for our spiritual needs, we shall find strength for any other well-being.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Yet Conscience is a nobleman, the best in us, and a friend.
Curtis Jackson|There's so much to appreciate about my life every single day, and I make a big point of taking time to smell the roses and noticing how lucky I am. I never want to take that for granted.
Coco Chanel|For a man to strike any women is most brutal, and I, as well as everyone else, think this far worse than any attempt to shoot, which, wicked as it is, is at least more comprehensible and more courageous.
Billy Marshall Stoneking|A mistake is the name we give to any action in which we perceive a difference between what we intended and what has occurred. Intention fuels every dramatic action, including the writing of dramatic stories, which involves a series of dramatic actions. In the course of writing, or finding, the story that wants to get itself told, it behooves the writer to liberate the characters by finding the faith and courage necessary for setting aside one’s own conscious needs and expectations. Not to do so promotes ‘mistakes’ - i.e: confusion born of some incoherence in the emotional logic of the story). As the writer abandons his/her intentions - no matter how noble they may seem - only then does that most strange and ineffable quality we so casually refer to as ‘the magic’ have a chance of entering the story, and rendering even the ‘mistakes’ stimulating, daring and provocative.
Chaz Bono|We do not just fear our predators, we are transfixed by them. We are prone to weave stories and fables and chat endlessly about them.
Jeffrey Fry|Words are drops of blood, from my heart.
Stephen W. Simpson, What Women Wish You Knew about Dating: A Single Guy's Guide to Romantic Relationships|If the difference between guys and men is still unclear, here are a few examples that apply to dating: A guy uses women to build his self-esteem. A man already has it. A guy likes to "hang out" with a woman he's interested in. A man asks her out. A guy doesn't make a move until he's sure there's no risk. A man is bold and clear with his intentions. A guy plays games with a woman. A man has no time for games because they keep him from getting to know the woman. A guy will become bitter and angry with a woman when she denies him. A man accepts that dating involves risk. A guy fears and worships women. A man respects and adores them but fears and worships only God. Guys are cool and indifferent. Men are hot and passionate.
George Orwell, 1984|To the future or to the past, to a time when thought is free, when men are different from one another and do not live alone— to a time when truth exists and what is done cannot be undone: From the age of uniformity, from the age of solitude, from the age of Big Brother, from the age of doublethink — greetings!
Anne Perry, A Christmas Hope|The curtains of his bed were drawn aside; and Scrooge, starting up into a half-recumbent attitude, found himself face to face with the unearthly visitor who drew them: as close to it as I am now to you, and I am standing in the spirit at your elbow.
Grégoire Delacourt, La liste de mes envies|I’d like to have the chance to decide what my life will be like, I think that’s the best present anyone can get. The chance to decide what your life will be like.
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|There was something so heavy about the burden of history, of the past.
Sasha Alsberg|He could, Andi."Andi's heart turned to ice.It wasn't possible.He was dead, cast away into some deep, dark hell where he'd never be able to claw his way back out.
Patrick Carman, The Dark Planet|She had long been a cold and calculating person, and yet she had never given in to the darkness entirely. She would remember her mother's touch or the voice of a lost friend, and the tiniest bit of hope would return.
Phil Klay|Poe had this curious kind of alchemical courage, where he took all the terrible things and terrors that happened in his life, all this shame and fear and pain, and turned them into great works of art. He was a complex, brilliant person who was just wired too tight.
Diana Jaber|- 'I've never had a thing for homicidal charmers before.'- 'But now you do?'- 'Apparently.' -I muttered, knowing he could feel my raicing heartbeat under his chest.- 'Well, if it helps, I've never had a thing for beautiful, deceptively brave, innocent charmers before.'- 'And now you do?'His grin widened, taking on a wolfish look.- 'Definitely
Jodi Picoult, House Rules|Monsters cannot be announced. One cannot say: 'Here are our monsters,' without immediately turning the monsters into pets.
William Shakespeare, Twelfth Night|Let not thy sorrow die, though i am dead.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|I won't do this movie because I don't believe the love story," she told Selznick. "The heroine is an intellectual woman, and an intellectual woman simply can't fall in love so deeply.
Anthony Horowitz, Skeleton Key|YES. BECAUSE THAT'S HOW I ROLL. LIKE A SUAVE THING. In fact, from here on, please forward my mail to 1 Suave Hill, Suave Boulevard, Suavieland, Planet of She's-So-Smooth-I-Can't-Believe-She's-Not-Butter.
Tana French, In the Woods|I watched her on the stand in that unfamiliar suit and thought of the soft hairs at the back of her neck, warm and smelling of the sun, and it seemed an impossible thing to me, it seemed the vastest and saddest miracle of my life: I touched her hair, once.
Jennifer Salaiz|To have the beginning of a truly great story, you need to have a character you're completely and utterly obsessed with. Without obsession, to the point of a maddening addiction,there's no point to continue. 
Kajol|If I am told to be at a shoot at 10 A.M., I am ready on time. By 11:30, I lose my patience. After that, I keep threatening to leave the sets if they don't begin soon. It works sometimes.
Deyth Banger|She was better with animals than people. Give her a sick cat or dog, she was golden. Not so much with her own species.
Marguerite Duras, The Malady of Death|Someday, Chinmay, perhaps when you are as old as I am, you will realize that we calibrate time as per our own convenience. The dates on the calendar do not matter by themselves, nor do the numbers on the clock. Only this moment counts, this moment alone, and that is because of the awareness that we bring to it.
Alice Hoffman, The River King|He carried so much suffering that it radiated out in waves. Sorrow is like that: whenever a person runs, it comes after him; it leaves an endless trail of pain.
John Updike|Very well, but remember this... I'll be looking at you when you're laid on the cross and the twelve blows are crashing down on your limbs. When the crowd is finally tired of your screams and wandered home, I will climb up through your blood and sit beside you. I will look deep into your eyes... and drop by drop I will trickle my disgust into them like burning acid until... finally... you perish.
Ziyah|Into adulthood through which everyone is always in a different way. Do not feel left out because of it. So, do not worry about it. Since everyone has experienced the same thing.
Andrea Heltsley, Dissolve|Is this another fantasy?” she asked.His gaze lifted to her face. His expression was serious, his usual amusement absent. “No. This is real. This is you and me. Just once, and afterwards I’ll leave you alone. I promise I won’t hold you back. Now, I’m going to make love to you, slowly and completely, and you’ll never forget the feel of me inside you.
Dave Barry|It is only in the fundamentalist religions that women are relegated to second class. Radical Evangelicals, Muslims, and Jews all have the same view of women.
Ray Bradbury, Zen in the Art of Writing|So while our art cannot, as we wish it could, save us from wars, privation, envy, greed, old age, or death, it can revitalize us amidst it all.
Bo Brown|I am first of all a white man, and only then a socialist.
Rebecca West|We are more and more into technology. Everything is texting, and everything is instant. Flowers are completely impractical as a method of communication when you could just send a text.
Melissa Seligman, The Day After He Left for Iraq: A Story of Love, Family, and Reunion|I hate myself that I wasn't there for him. I hate that I could not feel it in him. How could I not know what had happened? How could I not hear it in his voice, his comments, or in his demeanor? He needed my help, and I couldn't feel it.
Charles Manson|Symbols, for me and for many, of freedom, whether it be from the prison of over-dense communities and the close confines of human relationships, from the less complex incarceration of office walls and hours, or simply freedom from the prison of adult life and an escape into the forgotten world of childhood, of the individual or the race. For I am convinced that man has suffered in his separation from the soil and from the other living creatures of the world; the evolution of his intellect has outrun his needs as an animal, and as yet he must still, for security, look long at some portion of the earth as it was before he tampered with it.
Charles Lamb, Essays of Elia|A book reads the better which is our own, and has been so long known to us, that we know the topography of its blots, and dog's ears, and can trace the dirt in it to having read it at tea with buttered muffins.
George Orwell, A Clergyman's Daughter|Can you hold happiness? Can you drink it? Can you taste it? Can you touch it? Of course not, it is immaterial. So, stop looking for it in the material world! Happiness is experienced within; when we bridge the gap between what we want to experience and how we choose to behave.
Victoria Beckham|Every meal should end with something sweet. Maybe it's jelly on toast at breakfast, or a small piece of chocolate at dinner - but it always helps my brain bring a close to the meal.
Kate from Love and Sex movie|The longeswt love, is the love that cant be!
Kristin Cashore, Bitterblue|Find something useful to do with your morning,' she thought to him as she neared her chambers. 'Do something heroic in front of an audience. Knock a child into a river while no one's looking and then rescue him.
Erin Hanson|Because the birdsong might be pretty,But it's not for you they sing,And if you think my winter is too cold,You don't deserve my spring.
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|All children mythologise their birth. It is a universal trait. You want to know someone? Heart, mind and soul? Ask him to tell you about when he was born. What you get won’t be the truth: it will be a story. And nothing is more telling than a story.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|In the struggle to remain a complete person and to love from her fullness instead of her inadequacy a woman may appear hard. She may feel her early conditioning tugging her in the direction of surrender, but she ought to remember that she was originally loved for herself; she ought to hang on to herself and not find herself nagging, helpless, irritable and trapped. Perhaps I am not old enough yet to promise that the self-reliant woman is always loved, but she cannot be lonely as long as there are people in the world who need her joy and her strength, but certainly in my experience it has always been so. Lovers who are free to go when they are restless always come back; lovers who are free to change remain interesting. The bitter animosity and obscenity of divorce is unknown where individuals have not become Siamese twins. A lover who comes to your bed of his own accord is more likely to sleep with his arms around you all night than a lover who has nowhere else to sleep.
Washington Irving|Writing gives me the opportunity to explore ideas, play with language, solve problems, use my imagination, and draw on my own childhood.
Meir Soloveichik|My parents divorced when I was 3 years old. They had a lounge act in Las Vegas, where I was born. The band broke up and the marriage dissolved, and my mother, my sister and I moved to Southern California. And I didn't see my dad a lot growing up; he was on the road a lot. I'd see him every couple years.
Joyce Meyer|No matter what you do, 10% of the population will not like you.
John     Davidson|You’re young, and like anything new. It’s change you want. I’m middle-aged, and there’s nothing staler to me than change. Constant comfort and little luxuries as regular as the clock are fresher than change.
Russell M. Nelson|The only reason I got married in 2003 was for my children. I had a therapist who said marriage is really a container for a family, and that made sense to me.
Lynn Redgrave|The thing that surprises me most is, you cannot change who you are.
Junot Díaz|We all know that there are language forms that are considered impolite and out of order, no matter what truths these languages might be carrying. If you talk with a harsh, urbanized accent and you use too many profanities, that will often get you barred from many arenas, no matter what you’re trying to say. On the other hand, polite, formal language is allowed almost anywhere even when all it is communicating is hatred and violence. Power always privileges its own discourse while marginalizing those who would challenge it or that are the victims of its power.
Joe Kelly, Douglas Fredericks and the House of They|Sometimes, the things They say, the laws They make, the way the world spins doesn't make any sense at all...Which is exactly why you have to ask "Why?" and keep on asking until you get the TRUTH...
Miyamoto Musashi, The Book of Five Rings|What is essential is to suddenly make a move totally unexpected by the opponent, pick up on the advantage of fright, and seize the victory right then and there.
Barbara Kingsolver, Animal, Vegetable, Miracle: A Year of Food Life|Great cooking is all about the three 'p's: patience, presence, and practice.
Tony Campolo, Red Letter Christians: A Christian's Guide to Faith and Politics, a Citizen's Guide to Faith and Politics|He [William Jennings Bryan] recognized that what Darwin proposed on the biological level, when applied on the societal level, might legitimize an ideology that supports the survival of the fittest, with all of its dire complications. Byran was able to envision the kind of society that Social Darwinism would create- the kind of exploitation that comes from unbridled capitalism, for instance- and chose to war against it.
Thomas Huxley|Day, n. A period of twenty-four hours, mostly misspent.
Mads Sukalikar, Do Virgins Taste Better? And Other Tales of Whimsy|Today, Mihir stopped a bomb from killing the Tahitian President but not from shattering his own collar bone. So, he is now in the operating chamber, undergoing his 250th reconstruction. The nurses have tied a balloon to his bed that says, “Don’t make it to 251!
Jan Karon|Why can't life always be lived under the stars,' she said, 'with great music and family and friends?
TemitOpe Ibrahim|The balls it took to proclaim a creative profession, the narcissism.
Gary Patton|Jesus Followers are called to be reflectors of His character, servants of his grace, ambassadors of His message and magnifiers of His glory!” ~ © gfp '42
Thomas Ligotti, Songs of a Dead Dreamer and Grimscribe|As my laughter faded, he shot me an amused glance. "You should laugh more often. It's far less nauseating than your speaking voice." "That may be the nicest thing you've ever said to me." "Don't let it go to your head.
Edward J. Renehan Jr., The Lion's Pride: Theodore Roosevelt and His Family in Peace and War|It was not only that he was a great man, but, oh, there was such fun in being led by him.
Janet Turpin Myers, the last year of confusion|The more grateful you are, the more you attract things to be grateful for.
Fyodor Dostoevsky|He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom to us by the awful grace of God.
Peggy Noonan|Word of the day- kakistocracy. From the Greek meaning government by the worst persons, least qualified or most unprincipled.
Captain Beefheart|I'm enjoying the money, the big house, the cars; what ghetto kid wouldn't?
Oscar Wilde|After playing Chopin, I feel as if I had been weeping over sins that I had never committed, and mourning over tragedies that were not my own. Music always seems to me to produce that effect. It creates for one a past of which one has been ignorant, and fills one with a sense of sorrows that have been hidden from one’s tears.
Jimi Hendrix|Hip-hop is the streets. Hip-hop is a couple of elements that it comes from back in the days... that feel of music with urgency that speaks to you. It speaks to your livelihood and it's not compromised. It's blunt. It's raw, straight off the street - from the beat to the voice to the words.
Stephen   Black, The Zoo: An Allegorical Adventure|The paths people choose in life can lead to the creation or destruction of people, places, things, and relationships. The future is uncertain, but what is certain is there will be change.
Michael Frome|In my time in the U.S. Senate, I tried to craft an energy policy... I will be part of President Obama's efforts to achieve energy independence and enhance the landscape. I am also part of his reform agenda.
Stephen Root|Gee, I am a complete Luddite when it comes to computers, I can barely log on!
James Dillehay, Overcoming the 7 Devils That Ruin Success|Ultimately though, we are not responsible for another's happiness. The unhappy person almost always suffers from self-inflicted pain.
David McCaffrey|The assholes are always puzzled when the order of the universe is restored, when they are held accountable for their cowardly, pretentious, loveless ways.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Natural Born Charmer|So, Beav, tell me about yourself.""I'm Blue.""Sweetheart, if I had your dubious taste in men, I wouldn't be too happy, either.""My name is Blue. Blue Bailey.
Johnny Vegas|Always be courageous and strong, and don't fear.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage by Somerset Maugham|Art is merely the refuge which the ingenious have invented, when they were supplied with food and women, to escape the tediousness of life.
Natan Sharansky|I don't fear aging. It's natural, and I can't stop it!
Naima Simone, The Millionaire Makeover|Don't worry about whether you can do it, Bailey Bean. Just pretend you can. Pretend enough and it becomes real.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|Basically all the religions,sciences and powers of the world boil down to a simple truth. The Best Story Teller will win in the end!
Ramana Pemmaraju|Man is always inferior to a woman, a fact he will never realize nor confess in his lifetime!
Martha Clark|Maybe we should remember to smile more often. You know, just for the sake of smiling.
Demi Lovato|Skies are crying,I am watching,Catching teardrops in my hands.Only silence, as it's ending,Like we never had a chance.Do you have to make me feelLike there's nothing left of me?
Dallas Willard, The Divine Conspiracy: Rediscovering Our Hidden Life In God|Great power requires great character if it is to be a blessing and not a curse, and that character is something we only grow toward.
Lewis Howes|Constant, gentle pressure is my preferred technique for leadership, guidance, and coaching.
Tiffany McDaniel, The Summer that Melted Everything|People always ask, Why does God allow suffering? Why does He allow a child to be beaten? A woman to cry? A holocaust to happen? A good dog to die painfully? Simple truth is, He wants to see for Himself what we’ll do. He’s stood up the candle, put the devil at the wick, and now He wants to see if we blow it out or let it burn down. God is suffering’s biggest spectator.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you will have to dwell on anything, think of noble pure thoughts.
Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Inferno|When I am an old man and I can remember nothing else, I will remember this moment. The first time my eyes beheld an angel in the flesh. “I will remember your body and your eyes, your beautiful face and breasts, your curves and this.” He traced his hand around her navel before dragging it lightly to the top of her lower curls. “I will remember your scent and your touch and how it felt to love you. But most of all, I will remember how it felt to gaze at true beauty, both inside and out. For you are fair, my beloved, in soul and in body, generous of spirit and generous of heart. And I will never see anything this side of heaven more beautiful tham you
Cooper Davis, Taking you Home|Sometimes I wonder if I'm nothing more than the sum of who [my parents] were. Even worse, I worry that I don't add up nearly so well, that I'm just a shadowed reflection of them. Now that question hounds me a lot more often than I like to admit.
Sherrilyn Kenyon|What kind of lifehave you lived, little one, that everything seems to be a question of fair and unfair? Life and death just are. Fair has nothing to do with it.
Karishma Magvani|One of the scariest things in the world, is that other people can make life-changing decisions for you.
Robert Lynn Asprin, Another Fine Myth|To function efficiently, any group of people or employees must have faith in their leader."- Capt. Bligh(ret.)
Michael J. Sullivan, Age of Myth|If given a choice between a potentially great hardship and doing nothing, people gravitate toward what was most familiar and comfortable. That was why leadership was needed. To do what was necessary rather than what was easy.
Richard Linklater|The only thing that keeps me going, is the desire to get away as far as possible.
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|Gods and men create one another, destroy one another, though by different means.
Michael Bassey Johnson|People, fearing their own extinction, are willing to accept and perpetuate hand-me-down answers to the meaning of life and death; and, fearing a weakening of the tribal structures that sustain them, reinforce with their tales the conventional notions of justice, freedom, law and order, nature, family, etc. The writer, lone rider, has the power, if not always the skills, wisdom, or desire, to disturb this false contentment.
Chris Christie|A retired teacher paid $62,000 towards her pension and nothing, yes nothing, for full family medical, dental and vision coverage over her entire career. What will we pay her? $1.4 million in pension benefits and another $215,000 in health care benefit premiums over her lifetime.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Live in each season as it passes; breathe the air, drink the drink, taste the fruit, and resign yourself to the influence of the earth.
Arthur C. Brooks|Innovators "view failure not as a fatal character flaw but as a learning experience.
Lloyd C. Douglas, The Robe|Hoarded things might easily become a menace; a mere fire-and-theft risk; a breeding-ground for destructive insects; a source of worry. Men would have plenty of anxieties, but there was no sense in accumulating worries over THINGS! That kind of worry destroyed your character. Even an unused coat, hanging in your closet—it wasn't merely a useless thing that did nobody any good; it was an active agent of destruction to your life. And your LIFE must be saved, at all costs. What would it advantage a man—Jesus had demanded—if he were to gain the whole world, and lose his own life?
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|I discovered at an early age that I was - shall we be kind and say different? It's a better, more general word than the other one... I got sick... It was the feeling that the great, deadly pointing forefinger of society was pointing at me - and the great voice of millions chanting, "Shame. Shame. Shame." It's society's way of dealing with someone different.
Tsugumi Ohba, Death Note, Vol. 12: Finis|Nobody can tell what is right and what is wrong; what is righteous and what is evil. Even if there is a god and I had his teachings right before me, I would think it through and decide if that was right or wrong myself.
Tyra Banks|I'm just glad I was able to return to some of that innocence and beauty I had as a child when I started my own family, and my children brought me back some of that spirit.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|If you haven’t found yourself yet, it’s difficult to help someone to discover himself. False leaders make more false leaders!
Darrell Calkins|Freedom and responsibility themselves are at stake. One does not find freedom or enact responsibility by surrendering to another’s conceptualization of these ideas. Living out the rules of conscience laid down by someone else for the attainment of an unquestioned goal, a freedom designed and articulated by someone else, is the surrender of human imagination and intuition.In the more extreme versions of this, we end up with a collective momentum resulting in events such as Nazi extermination of millions of Jews, the Inquisition, or similar events recently in Africa and elsewhere. That comes from allocating one’s conscience to someone else, not attending to one’s own deeper intuitive sense of right and wrong.
Jayce O'Neal|If at first you don't succeed, try to eat a big lunch and take a nap...er wait, no... #badadvice
Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations|Meditation works in many layers. It works in our genes, in our DNA
Jason Micheal Ratliff|One of my greatest lessons of growth was to stop dwelling in the past and forgive myself and others from all the pain and hurt that was caused. When I finally let go and released, I was free with glee.
Bob Saget|When you're famous, you're always famous. It doesn't go away.
Debasish Mridha|If the future generation has a difficult life, if they engage in war or commit crime it's not their fault, it's our fault because we fail to educate them. So responsibility resides on me, on us, to educate them in proper ways.
Edward Gorey|The Suicide, as she is falling,Illuminated by the moon, Regrets her act, and finds appallingThe thought she will be dead so soon.
Letitia Baldrige|All of us have a romantic streak in us. That's why we are fallible, aren't we?
Abhijit Naskar, Autobiography of God: Biopsy of A Cognitive Reality|Water and a bubble on it are one and the same. The bubble has its birth in the water, floats on it, and is ultimately resolved into it. Likewise, your consciousness is born in your brain, goes through various states in your lifetime and ultimately resolves into the brain.
Anton Chekhov, The Three Sisters|But then there's loneliness. However you might philosophise about it, loneliness is a terrible thing, my dear fellow… Although in reality, of course, it's absolutely of no importance!
Steve Harvey, Act Like a Success, Think Like a Success|Persistence is victory. Just . . . keep . . . going. It doesn’t matter if things aren’t going the way you thought they would or if you’re facing a disappointment. The only defeat is in quitting. If you keep going, you’re winning.
Maureen Johnson, The Last Little Blue Envelope|And when you get down to it, Lily, that is the only purpose grand enough for a human life. Not just to love but to persist in love.
Dionisis Agelakis|A real problem only occurs when there are admittedly disadvantages in all courses that can be pursued. If it is discovered just before a fashionable wedding that the Bishop is locked up in the coal-cellar, that is not a problem. It is obvious to anyone but an extreme anti-clerical or practical joker that the Bishop must be let out of the coal-cellar. But suppose the Bishop has been locked up in the wine-cellar, and from the obscure noises, sounds as of song and dance, etc., it is guessed that he has indiscreetly tested the vintages round him; then indeed we may properly say that there has arisen a problem; for upon the one hand, it is awkward to keep the wedding waiting, while, upon the other, any hasty opening of the door might mean an episcopal rush and scenes of the most unforeseen description.
Jelani Greenidge|Literalness, however, is not the substance from which human culture is made.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Night Flight|The villages were lighting up, constellations that greeted each other across the dusk. And, at the touch of his finger, his flying-lights flashed back a greeting to them. The earth grew spangled with light signals as each house lit its star, searching the vastness of the night as a lighthouse sweeps the sea. Now every place that sheltered human life was sparkling. And it rejoiced him to enter into this one night with a measured slowness, as into an anchorage.
Besa Kosova|I wasn't born to cook or clean,but to read and write,if you don't like me the way I am,then go fly a kite.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|You should write a book," Ron told Hermione as he cut up his potatoes, "translating mad things girls do so boys can understand them.
Mitch Albom, The First Phone Call from Heaven|We love Christmas presents but not Christ; Easter baskets but not crosses. We want to tell our friends with cancer that we will pray for them (we don’t) and our puddle-eyed children that their goldfish have gone to heaven (doubtful). When we lose our jobs we want to take comfort in the idea that God doesn’t give us more than we can handle, but really, how can we? We have absolutely no idea what God has given us or what it might be for. We haven’t talked to Him in ages.
Dan Simmons, The Rise of Endymion|We [artists] aren't people, not the way most people are. We're just...carriers. Little boats bringing goods from foreign lands.
Richard Feynman, Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!: Adventures of a Curious Character|You have no responsibility to live up to what other people think you ought to accomplish. I have no responsibility to be like they expect me to be. It's their mistake, not my failing.
Shunryu Suzuki, Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind: Informal Talks on Zen Meditation and Practice|Love isn’t about predictions or behavioural markers. It just happens, and you have no control.
Thom S. Rainer|If you have been expending lots of energy mingling, counseling, or socializing, you need some down time to recover. Put it on your calendar so you can be intentional about it. And for an hour or so, go to a place by yourself. Read, relax, or do nothing. No one is there to talk to you for those minutes. Enjoy your blessed aloneness for a brief season.
Sebastian Barry, A Long Long Way|Anything that lives here has to be just as harsh and determined as the sun, born of a fiery stubbornness that is either extremely brave or extremely stupid.
Caroline Cairn, Forever Hers|I don't put bad people in the Void, Blayne. Only the guilty ones.
Dashiell Hammett, The Maltese Falcon|Yes,' Spade growled. 'And when you're slapped you'll take it and like it.' He released Cairo's wrist and with a thick open hand struck the side of his face three times savagely.
Charles Dickens, Three Ghost Stories|The year was dying early, the leaves were falling fast, it was a raw cold day when we took possession, and the gloom of the house was most depressing. The cook (an amiable woman, but of a weak turn of intellect) burst into tears on beholding the kitchen, and requested that her silver watch might be delivered over to her sister (2 Tuppintock’s Gardens, Liggs’s Walk, Clapham Rise), in the event of anything happening to her from the damp. Streaker, the housemaid, feigned cheerfulness, but was the greater martyr. The Odd Girl, who had never been in the country, alone was pleased, and made arrangements for sowing an acorn in the garden outside the scullery window, and rearing an oak.
Robert Mueller|I believe God is managing affairs and that He doesn't need any advice from me. With God in charge, I believe everything will work out for the best in the end. So what is there to worry about.
Richard Rohr, Adam's Return: The Five Promises of Male Initiation|The way to transmute the pain of life is to reveal the wounded side of things, evil, even, and then place the wound inside of sacred space. The Bible is about naming, facing, and then forgiving the wounds of history.
Harlan Coben|In sum," Midlife said, giving the room his best you-the-jury baritone, "Our defense will be...?" He looked to Matt for the answer/"Blame the other guy," Matt said."Which other guy?""Yes.""Huh?""We blame whoever we can," Matt said. "The CFO, the COO, the C Choose-Your-Favorite-Two-Letter-Combination, the accounting firm, the banks, the board, the lower-level employees. We claim some of them are crooks. We claim some of them made honest mistakes that steamrolled.""Isn't that contradictory?" Midlife asked, folding his hands and lowering his eyebrows. "Claiming both malice and mistakes?" He stopped, looked up, smiled, nodded. Malice and mistakes. Midlife liked the way that sounded."We're looking to confuse," Matt said. "You blame enough people, nothing sticks. The jury end up knowing something went wrong but you don't know where to place the blame. We throw facts and figures at them. We bring up every possible mistake, every uncrossed t and dotted i. We act like discrepancy is a huge deal, even if it's not. We are skeptical of EVERYONE.
Barbara Davis|The tide, you see, is a fickle thing: stealing in, sliding away, always, always turning. She comes when you're not looking, a silent, liquid thief, only to rush away again, retreating from the shore like a coward. She gives sometimes too, though in fleeting, unexpected moments, yielding up her treasures and her dead--but never, ever her secrets.
Ross Mathews|Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom.
Bernhard Goetz|If you can't afford organic food and are unable to grow your own, it's crucial to wash all inorganic produce very carefully to minimize the toxins you consume. Soak everything for 20 minutes in water with vinegar and salt or water with fresh lemon juice and salt.
Euginia Herlihy|You must be a starter and a finisher, the slogan “press on” has solved a lot of problem.
Chikamso Efobi|Sometimes, if you want to be happy, you've got to run away to Bath and marry a punk rocker.
Ally Condie, Reached|All choices are illusions, or if they are not illusions their strength is illusory, for one choice must contend with the choices of all the other men and women deciding anything in that moment.
Robert Teeter|Actions, such as the designation of National Childhood Obesity Awareness Month, spring from First Lady Michelle Obama's leadership of efforts to end childhood obesity within this generation.
Marcel Proust, The Guermantes Way|1.17 THE WORLDLY WAYSThe world, the din, the time, the kin,In our days are a sin,Love’s condemned and not true,A farce for sex, a laugh at You.[179]	 - 1Simplicity is a crime,Frauds and liars are divine,Sex is worshiped, live not true,Cheat be cheated our mottos new.[180]	 - 1Love is lost - so dear to You,And lovers are but a few,‘Cause they know that live if hell,As customs are but their cell.[181]	- 1The lies, the crime, the evil ways,Are the paths of our days,We love our neighbour as love’s not true,And hate the others cause they do too.[182]	- 1
Bill Gates|We all know that Art is not truth. Art is a lie that makes us realize the truth, at least the truth that is given to us to understand.
Kumail Nanjiani|Patience, discipline - giving everything on court... This is what I'm trying to bring in every single match.
Sarah McCarry, All Our Pretty Songs|In the big scheme of things, a little love is all we need
Clarence Darrow|I do not consider it an insult, but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic. I do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure — that is all that agnosticism means.
Paul Brunton, A Hermit in the Himalayas: The Journal of a Lonely Exile|The mysterious manner in which this growing sense of unity commingles with a sense of utter goodness is worth noting. It arises by no effort of mine; rather does it come to me out of I know not where. Harmony appears gradually and flows through my whole being like music. An infinite tenderness takes possession of me, smoothing away the harsh cynicism which a reiterated experience of human ingratitude and human treachery has driven deeply into my temperament. I feel the fundamental benignity of Nature despite the apparent manifestation of ferocity. Like the sounds of every instrument in an orchestra that is in tune, all things and all people seem to drop into the sweet relationship that subsists within the Great Mother's own heart.
Nadezhda Mandelstam|Because I am terrified by what I want: for him, and worst of all, from him. Because I do want. I'm not even sure what, exactly, but the want is there, just like the hate and anger were there before. But this is not a tower. It is an endless, tunneling pit; it drives deep, and opens a hole inside me.
Erik Pevernagie|When shrouded meanings and grim intentions are nicely polished up and pokerfaced personae are generously palming off their fantasy constructs, caution is the watchword, since rimpling water on the well of truth swiftly obscures our vision and perception. ("Trompe le pied.")
Lorde|It's the moms of this nation - single, married, widowed - who really hold this country together. We're the mothers, we're the wives, we're the grandmothers, we're the big sisters, we're the little sisters, we're the daughters. You know it's true, don't you? You're the ones who always have to do a little more.
Sunday Adelaja|If you don’t know how to use an object properly, it is possible that you will use it for something other than the purpose it was intended for
Chris Grabenstein, Mr. Lemoncello's Library Olympics|Books need to have their spines cracked, their covers opened, and their pages ruffled for them to come alive.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Every single phenomenon in the world, has a physical explanation underneath it. Finding the explanation depends on how far you are willing to go.
Wes "Scoop" Nisker|The biases the media has are much bigger than conservative or liberal. They're about getting ratings, about making money, about doing stories that are easy to cover.
Jerry Della Femina|If you went to Harvard Medical School, chances are you'll be a doctor at some place. There's a career trajectory. Acting, there's nothing. It's constantly trying to procure jobs - it's very disconcerting.
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|Before operating on a patient's brain, I realized, I must first understand his mind: his identity, his values, what makes his life worth living, and what devastation makes it reasonable to let that life end. The cost of my dedication to succeed was high, and the ineluctable failures brought me nearly unbearable guilt. Those burdens are what make medicine holy and wholly impossible: in taking up another's cross, one must sometimes get crushed by the weight.
Marie-Louise von Franz, Number and Time: Reflections Leading Towards a Unification of Psychology and Physics|Number ... should not be understood solely as a construction of consciousness, but also as an archetype and thus as a constituent of nature both without and within.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|What I truly believe, I will achieve.
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|And then there was nature’s music. The small frog the locals called coquí was a treasured new sound, a lullaby sung by the chanting Puerto Rican native species. Sometimes, while he lay in bed awake at night, Manuel tried to imitate the sound of the little frog. He tried to sing it at first. But then he realized he could get the sound just right by whistling it. “Coquí! Coquí!” Manuel whistled. He improved his coquí whistle every day, until he sounded just as the little frog. People in town laughed at Manuel practicing his coquí sounds. Sometimes they could hear his whistles from outside the store, as though Manuel was carrying out a conversation with the small creatures.The tiny coquí sang through the nights and soothed Manuel’s sleep, keeping him company and reminding him that he was not alone.
Marina Simcoe, The Real Thing|You certainly believe in the power of love. And throughout the series, you see how love shows itself in ways that mirror the best of who we are.
Ingrid Bergman|O, wad some Power the giftie gie usTo see oursels as others see us!It wad frae monie a blunder free us,An' foolish notion.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Technically, all tattoos are temporary, even permanent ones.
Jack Prelutsky|For imagination sets the goal picture which our automatic mechanism works on. We act, or fail to act, not because of will, as is so commonly believed, but because of imagination.
Nina George, The Little French Bistro|...Time had seemed infinite when she still had many years and decades ahead of her. A book waiting to be written: as a girl, that was how she had seen her future life. Now she was sixty, and the pages were blank. Infinity had passed like one long continuous day.
Pat Williams, Read for Your Life: 11 Ways to Better Yourself Through Books|Don't let reading make you arrogant. It can happen-believe me. Maybe you've even met a person or two like this, someone who thinks that being an English literature major or particularly well read puts them above the crowd. Take my advice:even if it's true, don't go there....I urge you to read, knowing the words you absorb will come out in your life in ways that inspire, uplift and encourage someone else. Life is meant to be passed on. Read with a servant's heart.
Mark Twain|Assassination is almost always unthinkable to moral, thinking men until after a holocaust has come and gone.
Hermann Hesse, Beneath the Wheel|Teachers dread nothing so much as unusual characteristics in precocious boys during the initial stages of their adolescence. A certain streak of genius makes an ominous impression on them, for there exists a deep gulf between genius and the teaching profession. Anyone with a touch of genius seems to his teachers a freak from the very first. As far as teachers are concerned, they define young geniuses as those who are bad, disrespectful, smoke at fourteen, fall in love at fifteen, can be found at sixteen hanging out in bars, read forbidden books, write scandalous essays, occasionally stare down a teacher in class, are marked in the attendance book as rebels, and are budding candidates for room-arrest. A schoolmaster will prefer to have a couple of dumbheads in his class than a single genius, and if you regard it objectively, he is of course right. His task is not to produce extravagant intellects but good Latinists, arithmeticians and sober decent folk. The question of who suffers more acutely at the other's hands - the teacher at the boy's, or vice versa - who is more of a tyrant, more of a tormentor, and who profanes parts of the other's soul, student or teacher, is something you cannot examine without remembering your own youth in anger and shame. yet that s not what concerns us here. We have the consolation that among true geniuses the wounds almost always heal. As their personalities develop, they create their art in spite of school. Once dead, and enveloped by the comfortable nimbus of remoteness, they are paraded by the schoolmasters before other generations of students as showpieces and noble examples. Thus teh struggle between rule and spirit repeats itself year after year from school to school. The authorities go to infinite pains to nip the few profound or more valuable intellects in the bud. And time and again the ones who are detested by their teachers are frequently punished, the runaways and those expelled, are the ones who afterwards add to society's treasure. But some - and who knows how many? - waste away quiet obstinacy and finally go under.
Qwana Reynolds-Frasier, Friend In Your Pocket Conversations Session One|WHEN PEOPLE SHOW YOU THEIR TRUE COLORS, DON'T GO COLOR BLIND
George Orwell|I do not wish to comment on the work; if it does not speak for itself, it is a failure.
Miranda July, It Chooses You|Every writer or wanna-be writer has ideas for books. The problem isn't finding an idea, it's choosing one
Janny Wurts, Stormed Fortress|She could tell he was exhausted, maybe half as much as she was, but he was still willing to do anything for her. It made her sad, someone being this loyal to her.
Bruce Springsteen, Born to Run|Rock 'n' roll music, in the end, is a source of religious and mystical power. Your playing can suck, your singing can be barely viable, but if when you get together with your pals in front of your audience and make the noise, the one that is drawn from the center of your being, from your godhead, from your gutter, from the universe's infinitesimal genesis point... you're rockin' and you're a rock 'n' roll star in every sense of the word. The punks instinctively knew this and created a third revolution out of it, but it is an essential element in the equation of every great musical unit and rock 'n' roll band, no matter how down-to-earth their presentation.
Ian Ker, G.K. Chesterton: A Biography|A good word will spread in the grapevine, bringing forth clusters of grapes and the benevolent of wine; a bad word will spread withering the vines, and choke the potential grapes.
Andrew Murray, Humility|A man in trouble laments that he did not listen to his teachers, and thus he finds himself in a sad state, utter ruin. A candid admission of a blunder is refreshing and not often heard in human affairs. It is the saint alone who is large-minded enough to think and speak in this way. This is part of his authenticity.The person who is swift to hear and slow to respond is a stranger to an all-knowing illuminism. He believes that others, too, have some truth, and he is willing to be instructed by them. He is ready for the mind of God.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|I say to you all, once again -- in the light of Lord Voldemort's return, we are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided. Lord Voldemort's gift for spreading discord and enmity is very great. We can fight it only by showing an equally strong bond of friendship and trust. Differences of habit and language are nothing at all if our aims are identical and our hearts are open.
Vladimir Putin|Trawl through the world of blogs and tweets, and you will find readers complaining when they stumble upon a word they don't recognise, an attitude that doesn't accord with their own, a passage of thought they find hard work, a joke they don't get or of which they don't approve.
Marianne Williamson, A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of "A Course in Miracles"|In business as well as in everything else, you're in business to spread love.  Your agency should spread love,  your screenplay should spread love, your store should spread love, your life should spread love.  The key to a successful career is realizing that it s not separate from the rest of your life, but is rather an extension of your most basic self and your most basic self is love.
Suman Pokhrel|As long as God is a man, not a couple, the life of a woman, according to Hanna,is bound to remain as it is now, namely wretched, with woman as the proletarian of Creation, however smartly dressed.
Jerry Ash, Hellraiser—Mother Jones: An Historical Novel|What do you see out there?” I ask. “Pittsburgh,” he replies. Now I laugh. “No, young man. What you see is hell with the lid taken off.” — Mother Jones
Kathleen Troia McFarland|What we want, above all things on earth in our public men, is independence. It is one great defect in the character of the public men of America that there is that real want of independence; and, in this respect, a most marked contrast exists between public men in this country and in Great Britain.
William Lyon Phelps|That's why this generation is the least racist generation ever. You see it all the time. Go to any club. People are intermingling, hanging out, having fun, enjoying the same music. Hip-hop is not just in the Bronx anymore. It's worldwide. Everywhere you go, people are listening to hip-hop and partying together. Hip-hop has done that.
David Pogue|I think if you ask people why they watch me, there would be some common thread among all of them that I'm somewhat of an awkward older sister. I have a teen, mostly female demographic. How that happened, I don't know. But I think they see me as some sort of bizarre role model, and I'll keep trying to do that for them.
Cheryl Zelenka|And so dear church, will you trust God with your whole heart? Will you stop leaning into your own understanding? We cannot comprehend His ways for they really are much higher than our own, and His thoughts are not yet within our grasp. He will return for us, but not before every saint predestined to partake is the marriage supper has been saved. How He makes this happen is still a mystery. If it requires the death of some of His most precious and innocent of lambs, the Bride must trust His love for her and keep the oil in her lamp in a constant state of readiness.
Debasish Mridha|Change is fearful, but at the end it is beautiful.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|For a dreamer, pain and pleasure are synonyms.
Michael Dirda|I try to ensure my daughters are not spoilt. They are very aware of how lucky they are and appreciate it. We have had some lean years, so they know it's not all about luxury, travel, and hotels. They are grounded, and I'm grateful for that.
Alison Miller, Becoming Yourself: Overcoming Mind Control and Ritual Abuse|Over centuries, organised perpetrator groups have observed and studied the way in which extreme childhood traumas, such as accidents, bereavement, war, natural disasters, repeated hospitalisations and surgeries, and (most commonly) child abuse (sexual, physical, and emotional) cause a child's mind to be split into compartments. Occult groups originally utilised this phenomenon to create alternative identities and what they believed to be “possession” by various spirits. In the twentieth century, probably beginning with the Nazis, other organised groups developed ways to harm children and deliberately structure their victims' minds in such a way that they would not remember what happened, or that if they began to remember they would disbelieve their own memories. Consequently, the memories of what has happened to a survivor are hidden within his or her inside parts.
Jane Smiley|There were no toys under the bed--that wasn't why he liked it. Why he liked it was that there wasn't anything under the bed--no chickens, no Joey, no Eloise, no sheep, no "no"s. He could lie under the bed and not be told anything at all
Sue Patton Thoele, The Courage to Be a Stepmom: Finding Your Place Without Losing Yourself|Yeah, I worry what will happen when we stop running. When we go back to school. When she meets other boys. Boys who don’t argue and snap at her. Boys who don’t obsessively worry about her. Boys that could take her to a movie and stay right until the end, not have to leave halfway through because he started turning into a wolf. But she wouldn’t pick up some random guy in the mall. Ever.So why was I over-reacting? I don’t know. I saw the guy and something ignited in my brain, a flash-fire that burned away reason and common sense. If Simon hadn’t stopped me, I’d have made an idiot of myself and called attention to us. Worse, I’d have embarrassed Chloe. I was over-protective enough as it was. Frothing at the mouth because a guy talked to her? Really not going help us get to that next anniversary.
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|We should go swimming," Anna says, out of the blue.
Cameron Jace, Insanity|If I died, I’d expect my guy to mourn me forever, and if he tried to hook up with someone else, I’d haunt him till he ended up in a crazy house. Then I’d haunt the girl.
William Shakespeare, King Lear|Howl, howl, howl, howl! O, you are men of stones!
Daniel Kahneman, Well-Being: Foundations of Hedonic Psychology: Foundations of Hedonic Psychology|Money does not buy you happiness, but lack of money certainly buys you misery.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|Eternity is a long time to spend alone, without others of your kind.
Tessa Dare, Romancing the Duke|When you meet someoneso different from yourself,in a good way,you don’t even have to kissto have fireworks go off.
David D. Burns|Many people are worried about my mental health. But as I've said many times, we're stronger than we think we are.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|I am a huge fan of NAPS, and by using them correctly we are able to access our subconscious minds and change our negative or neutral beliefs into positive ones.
Justin Zackham|Oh, I would love to be a motivational speaker. I have pulled myself out of a million potholes, and I can see the potholes ahead of me. That doesn't mean that I could always do that so perfectly for my own life. I totally fall in potholes.
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|We, the beggar class, have little to lose and our expectations are, at best, modest, and when we suffer, it seems we suffer to the depths, for there is nothing in our lives nor in our souls to buoy our hope. Nothing in the way of the blackness. It sinks to the bottom as the lead weight that is despair. We look forward such a short distance that our spirit is myopic, not to be corrected by any lens within our world.
Steven Pinker|One of my favourite kinds of movie is the American picaresque, in which the characters make their way across the country, learning about life against the gorgeous backdrops of that vast land.
Carol Tavris, Mistakes Were Made (But Not by Me): Why We Justify Foolish Beliefs, Bad Decisions, and Hurtful Acts|What, then, was the new strategy he proposed? More troops and more money. For him, any other option was unthinkable. It would mean he had made a colossal mistake.
Jack Gilbert|I like to see an angry Englishman," said Poirot. "They are very amusing. The more emotional they feel the less command they have of language.
Carolina Herrera|One of the biggest differences between you and a traditionally published author is that a self-pubbed author is responsible for everything. Not just writing the book - but cover design, editing, producing, distribution, and publicity as well.
Jacqueline Bisset|How few there are who have courage enough to own their faults, or resolution enough to mend them.
Gunther Kress, Multimodality: A Social Semiotic Approach to Contemporary Communication: Exploring Contemporary Methods of Communication|The (nation) state's concern had been the development of citizens - social subjects whose identity was shaped by the goals of the state - and the preparation of a labour force serving the needs of a national economy and administration. That state was interested in cohesion, integration and homogeneity - however imperfectly realized. The globally framed interests of current versions of the market are neither about citizenship - shared social values, aspirations, dispositions - nor about the preparation of a labour force.....
Dawn Gluskin|I'm seeing someone."It gets quiet enough to hear our breathing."You're dating someone?" Aidan asks, sitting back down in my chair. Nadia retakes her spot on my mattress.I glance down at my hands, feeling my cheeks redden. "Not dating, really. It's more like I have feelings I haven't told her about yet.""Do we know her?"I shake my head."Who is she?" Nadia inquires. I glance up and instantly hate the look of rejection on her face,The lies flow out of me too easily. "Her name's Ivy. She lives over in Harraway with her parents.""Is she our age?""Yeah. She's only a year o
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|Today, information: pulverized, nonhierarchized, dealing with everything: nothing is protected from information and at the same time nothing is open to reflection -> Encyclopedias are impossible -> I would say: the more information grows, the more knowledge retreats and therefore the more decision is partial (terroristic, dogmatic) -> “I don’t know,” “I refuse to judge”: as scandalous as an agrammatical sentence: doesn’t belong to the language of the discourse. Variations on the “I don’t know.” The obligation to “be interested” in everything that is imposed on you by the world: prohibition of noninterest, even if provisional . . . .
Val Uchendu|Never settle for being ordinary, you're made whole in God, you're uniquely perfect. Made to love and be loved.
J. B. Smoove|It starts with your diet and then to your exercise... you have to make the right decisions as a consumer and learn about carbs and proteins as well as watching your portion control, and from there you have to stay active as much as possible.
Ted Nugent|We must strive to encourage East and West not only to move towards each other but also to encourage them to find a new philosophy, a philosophy which will serve as a tool determining the future of Planet Earth - our common and only shelter.
Nicole Krauss, Man Walks Into a Room|The kiss stayed there with no place to go, no sensory reserve that could absorb it and file it away as a common act of intimacy, a thousand times received. He knew what Anna was asking: whether you could love someone without habits.
Sunday Adelaja|As a result, your subconscious mind will do its best to keep you from a successful marriage, because you have a disagreement between your consciousness and sub consciousness
Sarah J. Maas, Crown of Midnight|Some things you hear with your ears. Others, you hear with your heart.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Think long and hard about how you proceed, Nico di Angelo. You cannot lie to Cupid. If you let your anger rule you... well, your fate will be even sadder then mine.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|You can’t believe in your dreams if you don’t believe in the giver of the dreams. In all things, put God first. He is willing to put you ahead for excellence!
Yuval Ne'eman|I called Isaac, who cursed life and the universe and God Himself and who said where are the goddamned trophies to break when you need them, and then I realized there was no one else to call, which was the saddest thing. The only person I really wanted to talk to about Augustus Waters’s death was Augustus Waters.
Jacqueline L. Scott|I went to Africa to work. Finding myself and falling in love were not items on the agenda. Those were the stuff of daydreams, borne of long, icy Canadian winters. At age 30, I felt I already knew my priorities, talents and limitations. The year in Africa forced me to question all of these assumptions.
C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory|We are always falling in love or quarreling, looking for jobs or fearing to lose them, getting ill and recovering, following public affairs. If we let ourselves, we shall always be waiting for some distraction or other to end before we can really get down to our work. The only people who achieve much are those who want knowledge so badly that they seek it while the conditions are still unfavorable. Favorable conditions never come.
Jennifer E. Smith, The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight|and the boy's eyes are searching hers with something like loneliness, like the very last thing he wants is to be left behind right now.
Demetri Martin|As a foreigner, I used to think all of Michigan was a post-apocalyptic wasteland of burning buildings, trashed cars, abandoned factories and broken dreams. But now I know that's just Detroit. It's only the Democrat-controlled areas that are a disaster.
Dora J. Arod, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you. You were crying, and I couldn’t tell if it was because you were sad or because you’d been laughing too hard. So I decided to find out by telling you that I’d just heard from the cops, and your mother had been murdered. Before I got to the punch line you started sobbing in a different manner, so I realized you’d been laughing earlier. By that time the mood had changed, and I decided it best not to deliver the punch line after all. So I sat down next to you and put my arm around you and tried to console you for your perceived loss.  
Jessica Werner, Sra'kalor|When a fat person goes in the water naked, would it still be called skinny-dipping?
Padma Lakshmi, Love, Loss, and What We Ate: A Memoir|But when you've had children with someone you're divorced from, divorce defines everything; it's the lurking fact, a slice of anger in the pie of your brain.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|Initially, after David’s diagnosis, I would cringe when I readbooks or articles by cancer survivors who stated that cancer hadbeen a gift in their lives. How could all that David endured beviewed as a gift? The invasive surgery, the weeks of chemotherapyand radiation: a gift?Yet, after the cancer, David would often reach for my hand andsay, “If it is cancer that is responsible for our new relationship, thenit was all worth it.” And I’d reluctantly agree that cancer had been agift in our lives. We’d both seen the other alternative: patients andsurvivors who had become bitter and angry, and neither one of uswanted to become that.
Julie Lythcott-Haims, How to Raise an Adult: Break Free of the Overparenting Trap and Prepare Your Kid for Success|Thus we arrive at the problem of the relation of religion to the negation of sexual desire. Sexual debility results in a lowering of self-confidence. In one case it is compensated by the brutalization of sexuality, to maintain sexual repression, in the other by rigid character traits. The compulsion to control one's sexuality, to maintain sexual repression, leads to the development of pathologic, emotionally tinged notions of honor and duty, bravery and self-control. But the pathology and emotionality of these psychic attitudes are strongly at variance with the reality of one's personal behavior. The man who attains genital satisfaction, is honorable, responsible, brave, and controlled, without making much of a fuss about it. These attitudes are an organic part of his personality. The man whose genitals are weakened, whose sexual structure is full of contradictions, must continually remind himself to control his sexuality, to preserve his sexual dignity, to be brave in the face of temptation, etc. The struggle to resist the temptation to masturbate is a struggle that is experienced by every adolescent and every child, without exception. All the elements of the reactionary man's structure are developed in this struggle. It is in the lower middle classes that this structure is reinforced most strongly and embedded most deeply. Every form of mysticism derives it's most active energy and, in part, also it's content from this compulsory suppression of sexuality.
Osamu Dazai, No Longer Human|I have sometimes thought that I have been burdened with a pack of ten misfortunes, any one of which if borne by my neighbor would be enough to make a murderer out of him.
Jason Day|Had my dad not been short and fat and balding, there's no doubt his career would have been very different. But he could do lots of stuff and made a very good career out of it. He had an incredible work ethic because he lost his father when he was very young, and the family had to pull together.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|Now, how do the young prepare to meet the old? The same way the old prepare to meet the young: with a little condescension; with low expectation of the other’s rationality; with the knowledge that the other will find what they say hard to understand, that it will go beyond them (not so much over the head as between the legs); and with the feeling that they must arrive with something the other will like, something suitable.
Patti Smith|Art is to me the glorification of the human spirit, and as such it is the cultural documentation of the time in which it is produced.
Sister Hazel|If you want to be somebody else, change your mind.
Ahmir Questlove Thompson, Mo' Meta Blues: The World According to Questlove|Similarly, Haynes (1998, viii) notes that many professional translators, and their organizations, remain remarkably uninformed with regards to the progress made in translation technology. He goes on to observe that many are so largely unenthusiastic about it - with attitudes lying somewhere between skeptical and scathing - their very ignorance seeming to contribute to their fear that their jobs will be threatened by this technology.
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Don Quixote|The persistence of the story of animal consent into the contemporary era tells of a human appreciation of the stakes, and a desire to do the right thing.
John Updike|When nobody else celebrates you, learn to celebrate yourself. When nobody else compliments you, then compliment yourself. It’s not up to other people to keep you encouraged. It’s up to you. Encouragement should come from the inside.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Communication skills, quotes by susan c young, relationship quotes, how to make a great first impression, preparation quotes, motivational speaker, susan young, build confidence, mindset quotes, attitude quotes
Lailah Gifty Akita|If I had not try and taken chances, I would have miss many great opportunities in life.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Numerous times throughout history, a single person has made a tremendous impact on the world. I don’t know why anyone would think that can’t still happen.
Shweta Ganesh Kumar, A Newlywed’s Adventures in Married Land|Sarah’. She had thought they had thrown that bit of history into the trash, and the trash into the incinerator. But apparently ‘Sarah’ had only been thrown into a plastic bag and left in the closet under the bathroom sink, where the packet gathered mold and fungus and slowly acquired a signature stink. That stench was now slowly escaping from between the gap of the doors and the bathroom floor. Sarah was Siddharth’s ex.
Lisa Kleypas, Devil in Winter|Sebastian encountered Cam in the hallway outside the reading room. “Where is he?” he demanded without preamble. Stopping before him with an expressionless face, Cam said shortly, “He’s gone.” “Why didn’t you follow him?” White-hot fury blazed in Sebastian’s eyes. This news, added to the frustration of his vow of celibacy, was the last straw. Cam, who had been exposed to years of Ivo Jenner’s volcanic temper, remained unruffled. “It was unnecessary in my judgment,” he said. “He won’t retur
Penelope Mortimer|Having confronted the world with little except a battered typewriter and a certain resilience, he can now take posthumous credit for having got the three great questions of the 20th century essentially 'right.' Orwell was an early and consistent foe of European imperialism, and foresaw the end of colonial rule. He was one of the first to volunteer to bear arms against fascism and Nazism in Spain. And, while he was soldiering in Catalonia, he saw through the biggest and most seductive lie of them all—the false promise of a radiant future offered by the intellectual underlings of Stalinism.
Stephen King, Desperation|Sing a song of suspense in which the players die.Four and twenty ravens in an Edgar Allan Pie.When the pie was broken, the ravens couldn't sing.Their throats had been sliced open by Stephen, the new King.The King was in his writing house, stifling a laughWhile his queen was in a tizzy of her bloody Lovecraft.When the dead maid got the garden for her rank as royal whore,King's shovel made it double and he married nevermore.
Grace Paley, Enormous Changes at the Last Minute|I drank a little California Mountain Red at home and thought--why not--wherever you turn someone is shouting give me liberty of I give you death. Perfectly sensible, thing-owning, Church-fearing neighbours flop their hands over their ears at the sound of a siren to keep fallout from taking hold of their internal organs. You have to be cockeyed to love, and blind in order to look out the window at your own ice-cold street.
Maya Angelou|To be allowed, no, invited into the private lives of strangers, and to share their joys and fears, was a chance to exchange the Southern bitter wormwood for a cup of mead with Beowulf or a hot cup of tea and milk with Oliver Twist.
Goo Hye Sun|There is no such thing as a perfect person in this world. We all must become the main characters or the stars of our lives. We are all different and start differently. But from whatever is our circumstances, it is very important that we find the opportunities to try out what we want to do.
Jellis Vaes|If you feel unhappy, sick or depressed, spend more time in nature and you will come to see the colors of life, you’ll come to experience the amazing changes that this world can do for you. The wonder of the purest and most honest beauty there is, one that is not here to define anyone or anything, but simply to let you see why this life is so worth living.
Jan C. Ting|The body needs its rest, and sleep is extremely important in any health regimen. There should be three main things: eating, exercise and sleep. All three together in the right balance make for a truly healthy lifestyle.
Frances Muenzner Titus|I suppose longevity requires giving up life's pleasures, one by one, until there's nothing left.
Gilles Deleuze|Writing has nothing to do with meaning. It has to do with landsurveying and cartography, including the mapping of countries yet to come.
Arthur Tomaszewicz|Birds know, better than humans, not to spoil the nest.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex|she gives birth in pain, she heals males' wounds, she nurses the newborn and buries the dead; of man she knows all that offends his pride and humiliates his will. While inclining before him and submitting flesh to spirit, she remains on the carnal borders of the spirit; and she contests the sharpness of hard masculine architecture by softening the angles; she introduces free luxury and unforeseen grace.
Dan Coats|I bring a lot of energy and passion to what I do. Plus, I've had some weird feats of superhuman strength!
Emmie White, Captive|When you know who you are, what you stand for and that all your intentions are forthright, it will not matter what anyone labels you. You walk taller, you act with assurance, you speak with certainty, you carry yourself with dignity, you convey honesty and you embrace all this with humility. Classify that attitude however you like. I know what it really is: giving honor to God by being a reflection of His goodness. Never be ashamed to wear that label proudly.
Leah Raeder, Unteachable|The difference between politics and religion is that the first makes it legal to hate, and makes the love of the second illegal.
Robin Williams|Death is nature’s way of saying, ‘Your table is ready.
William Golding, The Spire|The more boundless your vision, the more real you are.
Mathew N.  Schmalz, Mercy Matters: Opening Yourself to the Life-Changing Gift|Whatever you sow, you shall reap.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Rebuilding Russia: Reflections and Tentative Proposals|Human rights' are a fine thing, but how can we make ourselves sure that our rights do not expand at the expense of the rights of others. A society with unlimited rights is incapable of standing to adversity. If we do not wish to be ruled by a coercive authority, then each of us must rein himself in...A stable society is achieved not by balancing opposing forces but by conscious self-limitation: by the principle that we are always duty-bound to defer to the sense of moral justice.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|The way we live, decides the meaning of life.And the way we die, tells how much meaningful we made it.
Nicole Christie, Falling for the Ghost of You|It was early spring, 326 BC, in the beautiful city of Chersonesus protected by a haunting deep blue sea and a giant wall. Today was the second day of the Festival of Dionysus.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Genealogy of Morals|Once the ego is born into this world, it has to shoulder morality.
Steve Maraboli|As jealousy entered, trust left... and their dream of a relationship began to wither into a nightmare... a nightmare in which love just wasn't enough.
Sunday Adelaja|There is only one limitation that exists in our minds, which can indeed reduce the speed of our progress; that is the limitation of our understanding
Erich Maria Remarque|If anthropological data suggests something short of the ideal, that is not because nothing is universal, but because two universals are in conflict: universal moral knowledge and universal desire to evade it. The first one we owe to our creation. The second we owe to our fall.
Nityananda Das, Divine Union|In the solitude of meditation, when your conscious mind becomes quiet, your subconscious reveals herself.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|The mighty Mahmúd, Allah-breathing Lord,That all the misbelieving and black HordeOf Fears and Sorrows that infest the SoulScatters before him with his whirlwind Sword.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|Much as he detested Filch, Harry couldn't help feeling a bit sorry for him, though not nearly as sorry as he felt for himself.
Erin Hunter, Fading Echoes|We shall miss Leopardstar. I remember her from all the way back when I was an apprentice in ThunderClan. I always respected her, and, though her loyalty to RiverClan never wavered, she was a leader who understood the importance of keeping every Clan strong. She had the heart, courage, and strength of the mighty cat she was named for.
Josh Billings|Honesty is the rarest wealth anyone can possess, and yet all the honesty in the world ain't lawful tender for a loaf of bread.
Mohamed Latiff Mohamed, The Widower|I think, therefore I am. My fingers that caress these rose and frangipani petals are a result of my thoughts. I feel content, tender. I feel entranced, ecstatic and besotted by the fragrance of the flowers and this is because of my thoughts.
Renee Gladman, The Activist|Reality is not static—its properties are in constant flux, so perhaps we are as much in the world as we can ever be, and that's the problem.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|I figured I could get a job at a filling station somewhere, putting gas and oil in people's cars. I didn't care what kind of job it was, though. Just so people didn't know me and I didn't know anybody. I thought what I'd do was, I'd pretend I was one of those deaf-mutes. That way I wouldn't have to have any goddam stupid useless conversations with anybody. If anybody wanted to tell me something, they'd have to write it on a piece of paper and shove it over to me. They'd get bored as hell doing that after a while, and then I'd be through with having conversations for the rest of my life. Everybody'd think I was just a poor deaf-mute bastard and they'd leave me alone.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|The truth is, the source of existence is infinite and to discover the essence of it is an unfolding that lasts for eternity.
Bono|We're starting our own religion at last. The Order of Frisbeetarians. We believe that when you die, your soul ascends to a rooftop and you can never get it back.
Mehmet Murat ildan|No man has ever seen a turtle climbing the wall. In order to do the things which are impossible for you, you need to change yourself, and better still, transform yourself into something new!
Sylvia Plath, The Collected Poems|I dreamed that you bewitched me into bedAnd sung me moon-struck, kissed me quite insane.(I think I made you up inside my head.)
Krishna Sagar|For know you, child, I have that faculty which is better than any one sense, better than a perfect body, better than courage and will, better than experience, ordinarily the best product of the longest lives—the faculty divinest of men, but which”—he stopped, and laughed again, not bitterly, but with real zest—“but which even the great do not sufficiently account, while with the herd it is a non-existent—the faculty of drawing men to my purpose and holding them faithfully to its achievement, by which, as against things to be done, I multiply myself into hundreds and thousands.
Ashly Lorenzana|We may seem fine, even when the pain remains right there beneath our surface.
Cornell Woolrich, The Ten Faces of Cornell Woolrich: An Inner Sanctum Collection of Novelettes and Short Stories|Start with your heart, and only good can follow!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May the Lord grant you great grace, great strength and great wisdom.
A.G. Howard, Ensnared|I opened up a bit and explained that I have a type I'm drawn to naturally, but that I've found that the women I've ended up loving the most have never been what I've thought of as my type, maybe because part of love is being helpless, being out of control of your own emotions.
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|The Sufi way is through knowledge and practice, not through intellect and talk.
Simon Mainwaring|All the organizations and officials of Chongryon, regarding this unity as the great foundation of the movement of Koreans in Japan, should rally themselves around the central leadership with one mind and purpose, and accomplish its patriotic cause, which was pioneered with comradely unity, by dint of comradeship.
Joe Biden|Although I don't have a prescription for what others should do, I know I have been very fortunate and feel a responsibility to give back to society in a very significant way.
Ogwo David Emenike|Mind your mind, soon, you will mine from it.
Paul Russell, The Coming Storm|Ambitions and dreams put you at a drinking table with unexpected companions. Cups were filled and refilled, making you drunk with the illusion of changing the world.
Molly Worthen, Apostles of Reason: The Crisis of Authority in American Evangelicalism|The church is biblical, therefore, when it seeks to embody the words in the power of the Spirit and so become a living commentary. The church is thus not only the "people of the book" but also "the (lived) interpretation of the book.
Michele Woolley, God's Favor - Breath Of Heaven|If you search for God you will find him and He will not give up on you".
Dave Donovan|There are special, strange gifted people in the world and they have to be treated with understanding
Jessica Verdi, What You Left Behind|I don’t know how long it’s been since I’ve been gone, but you have to move on. If not today, then someday soon.I love you, Ryden, I will always love you, but I’m not here anymore.
Ratish Edwards|It is very sad to see children live like orphans whilst their parents are still alive. After all, children need the constant love of parents.
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|It is one thing to praise discipline, and another to submit to it.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|Our species is the only creative species, and it has only one creative instrument, the individual mind and spirit of man. Nothing was ever created by two men. There are no good collaborations, whether in music, in art, in poetry, in mathematics, in philosophy. Once the miracle of creation has taken place, the group can build and extend it, but the group never invents anything. The preciousness lies in the lonely mind of a man.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|The Greek word for ‘self-control’ comes from a root word meaning ‘to grip’. It calls for getting a grip on your spending so that you don’t go into debt for things you don’t need and can’t pay for. It calls for getting a grip on your temper and not saying things you’ll later regret: ‘Better … a man who controls his temper than one who takes a city’ (Proverbs 16:32 NIV 1984 Edition). It calls for getting a grip on your desires. If Joseph had failed to say no to the repeated advances of his boss’ wife, he’d never have seen his life’s dream fulfilled and sat on the throne of Egypt. Understand this: Satan has discerned your destiny and he’s out to stop you from reaching it. So pray for self-control, and practise it on a daily basis.
David Brin|But what's in a name? We have named all of the stars and all the planets, even though they might already have names of their own. What a nerve!
Emmuska Orczy|Pride adversely affects all our relationships—our relationship with God and His servants, between husband and wife, parent and child, employer and employee, teacher and student, and all mankind. Our degree of pride determines how we treat our God and our brothers and sisters. Christ wants to lift us to where He is. Do we desire to do the same for others?
Thich Nhat Hanh, For a Future to Be Possible: Buddhist Ethics for Everyday Life|We're all dreaming,” Arctor said. If the last to know he's an addict is the addict, then maybe the last to know when a man means what he says is the man himself, he reflected. He wondered how much of the garbage that Donna had overheard he had seriously meant. He wondered how much of the insanity of the day--his insanity--had been real, or just induced as a contact lunacy, by the situation. Donna, always, was a pivot point of reality for him; for her this was the basic, natural question. He wished he could answer.
M.K. Bhutta|DNA, DNA, DNA. You never ever deny it, fool. I thought he is my cold enemy. When he died, he became my father. Says Bhutta (Biography)
Rebecca McNutt|The Dalai Lama says that the world will be saved by Western women. Not any women, perhaps not all women, but Burning Women. Women who have stepped out of silence and into the fullness of their power. Angry women who love the world and her creatures too much to let it be destroyed so thoughtlessly for a moment longer.Burning Woman is the heart and soul of revolution – inner and outer. She burns for change, she dances in the fire of the old, all the while visioning and weaving the new.
Abhijit Naskar|Things remain paranormal, as long as we scientists don't reveal the underlying physical processes.
Kathy Ireland|Unless you can fake sincerity, you'll get nowhere in this business.
Allen C. Guelzo|The pursuit of peace and progress cannot end in a few years in either victory or defeat. The pursuit of peace and progress, with its trials and its errors, its successes and its setbacks, can never be relaxed and never abandoned.
Alexander Pope|An "eye" on the vision is more important than an "I" on the vision.
Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down|Stab the body and it heals, but injure the heart and the wound lasts a lifetime.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Your knowledge can stir the world, your intellect can move it, your wisdom can shake it, but only your love can truly change it.
Carrie Ann Ryan, Charmed Spirits|Yeah? You want to do some other worldly hanky panky? She laughed and almost fell off the couch. "Hanky Panky?" "Don't knock it till you try it
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|Acceptance is a thing... look into it.If it is something in you, about you, done by you... and you aren't happy with it... you don't have to accept it. You have the power to affect change.If it something in someone else, about someone else, done by someone else... and it doesn't directly effect you in a negative way (actual effect, not perceived, mind you) ... you can rally against it, or accept it. While you may have the power in someway to force change on others... acceptance is also totally a real thing... seriously. Look into it.Don't like what others think, or feel, or do with their lives? Neat.Do those things have a direct negative impact on you?If yes, then communicate (in whatever means are situationally appropriate) and seek a positive resolution.If no, then do as I tell my eight and ten year old children... ignore them.You... no matter your age, gender, sexual orientation, belief structure, occupation, or affluence (real or perceived)... You absolutely have the right to accept others.Honest.
Annie Dillard, Holy the Firm|It is interesting that Jesus encounters a person, personally, forgives him, transforms him adds Him into the Church - the Body of Christ, However today, Church is getting the other way around, she is raising up a believer in Church, feeding him up with the cup of her doctrine and then showing the person of Christ with the veil of concocted and diseased doctrines.
Richard S. Weeder, Surgeon: The View from Behind the Mask|Yet the denial of feelings is one way of blocking the chronic depression that can descend like a dense fog on those who deal day after day with sickness and death. It is better than not caring at all, better than burning out. Only a few are tough enough to maintain both equanimity and caring for a lifetime; these renowned nurses and legendary physicians are saints of the medical profession. Copper knew a few of them, and he wished he could be more like them. It took a lot of growing up.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|In real life, love has to be possible. Even if it is not returned right away, love can only survive when the hope exists that you will be able to win over the person you desire.
Tullian Tchividjian|I love getting scared. I find myself putting myself in situations like haunted houses or going to a haunted hospital for my birthday. Yes, I've actually done that.
Chad Harbach, The Art of Fielding|There were moments in life, Marion thought, when you reached back, baton in hand, feeling the runner behind you. Felt the clasp of their fingers resonating through the wood, the release of your hand, which then flew forward, empty, into the space ahead of you.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Swoopers write a story quickly, higgledy-piggledy, crinkum-crankum, any which way. Then they go over it again painstakingly, fixing everything that is just plain awful or doesn’t work. Bashers go one sentence at a time, getting it exactly right before they go on to the next one. When they’re done they’re done.
L.G. Abell, A Mother's Book of Traditional Househould Skills|Bravery is all well and good, but sometimes it's much better to be cautious.
Elizabeth Kales|One night when the moon was full, I explained to you about how the moon controls the tides, and you said I was like the moon and you were the sea, always following me about. And I said nothing, because I knew it was truly the other way around.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Lazy people, the truly lazy people live on information, strategies, ideas, plans and many other criticals, simply to spend one hour of hard work and make the rest feel like a breeze.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Mother's arms are made of tenderness, and sweet sleep blesses the child who lies within.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|A thought comes into her head: that lately she doesn't ask herself what is possible, but rather what possibilities remain.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|It makes me happier, more secure, to think that I do not have to plan and manage everything for myself, that I am only a sword made sharp to smite the unclean forces, an enchanted sword to cleave and disperse them.Grant, O Lord, that I may not break as I strike! Let me not fall from Thy hand!
Michael Cunningham, The Snow Queen|Here's the sting of livingness. He's back after his nightly voyage of sleep, all clarity and purpose; he's renewed his citizenship in the world of people who strive and connect, people who mean business, people who burn and want, who remember everything, who walk lucid and unafraid.
Malcolm Turnbull|The mare set off for home with the speed of a swallow, and going as smoothly and silently. I never had dreamed of such a motion, fluent and graceful, and ambient, soft as the breeze flitting over the flowers, but swift as the summer lightening.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|Improvement is achieved by the ripple effect of a few simple changes in approach, attitude, or habit.
Barack Obama|Use power to help people. For we are given power not to advance our own purposes nor to make a great show in the world, nor a name. There is but one just use of power and it is to serve people.
Lu Wei|At a deep psychological level, convincing young people that they will get the respect, admiration, love that they are looking for through consumerism is a manipulation of a deep human instinct to want to belong.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|They have fixed our nutrition and arranged our life-span. More than this, and ahead of this, efforts will not be productive.
Sheena Iyengar, The Art of Choosing|We are identified and known by the sort of fruit, the quantity of fruit, and the quality of fruit borne out in our daily conversation, conduct, and character. There is no greater criterion for Christians. It is the paramount gauge of God's people.
Jim Bakker|I think one challenge is that having few women in your work environment makes you feel a little isolated and alone. I'm an extrovert; I like talking to people, and I make friends easily, but if your personality is somewhat different, I think you would struggle to connect with people.
Diana Gabaldon, Dragonfly in Amber|Do you really think we'll ever--""I do," he said with certainty, not letting me finish. He leaned over and kissed my forehead. "I know it, Sassenach, and so do you. You were meant to be a mother, and I surely dinna intend to let anyone else father your children.
Cheryl Sterling, Tall, Dark and Slayer|Gabe ran his hand through his hair and suppressed sending an entreaty to God. It wouldn’t do any good. The motley crew before him could only have been sent by the devil himself.His long lost sister, a hippie vampire, an angry Italian cop, and a tattooed man with no last name. It was as if Central Casting had thrown up its hands and sent over whomever had walked in the door.
Jean Said Makdisi|A library is such a potent symbol of a town's values: each one closed down might as well be six thousand stickers plastered over every available surface, reading "WE CHOSE TO BECOME MORE STUPID AND DULL.
Peter Jackson|There's a particular sensitivity required to be an artist, and a certain vulnerability, perhaps, and also, somewhere between, you're in your body a lot, too. It's much more physical than one would imagine because I think it's the body where the imagination lives somehow. I do feel the imagination isn't just in the brain up there.
A.E.  Kirk, Demons at Deadnight|Shouldn’t you be at your posts?” Jayden stepped up.Logan nodded.“Just talking about…girl stuff,” Tristan said.“Mascara,” Blake said.“What?” Tristan said.“Leaving.” Logan shoved the boys.Jayden leaned in. “There’s something the others wish to remain secret. But I think having the knowledge would be beneficial. You’re—”“Bait.” I didn’t bother to hide my grin.“Precisely, but don’t be alarmed because—” He jerked back. “You know?”“I do.”Jayden stared blankly, then patted my head. “Excellent.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime e Castigo|- Escute mais isso. Por outro lado, forças jovens, frescas, sucumbem em vão por falta de apoio, e isso aos milhares, e isso em toda parte! Cem, mil boas ações e iniciativas que poderiam ser implementadas e reparadas com o dinheiro da velha, destinado a um mosteiro! Centenas, talvez milhares de existências encaminhadas; dezenas de famílias salvas da miséria, da desagregação, da morte, da depravação, das doenças venéreas - e tudo isso com o dinheiro dela. Mate-a e tome-lhe o dinheiro, para com sua ajuda dedicar-se depois a servir toda a humanidade e a uma causa comum: o que você acha, esse crime ínfimo não seria atenuado por milhares de boas ações? Por uma vida - milhares de vidas salvas do apodrecimento e da degeneração. Uma morte e cem vidas em troca - ora, isso é uma questão de aritimética.
Henrietta Newton Martin -Senior Legal Consultant & Author in law. (B.Com,LLB-goldmedalist, LLM-Gold|Thus, the Law under which the marriage is solemnized would play a major role in determining the status; and consequent reliefs, if need be, at a subsequent stage.
Victoria Osteen|With His love, you can wake up every day with an attitude of faith and expectancy.
Connie Sellecca|While we enjoy the benefits of living in the greatest democracy in the world, we must be ever conscious of the fact that none of the achievements or freedoms enjoyed in America would be possible without the price that has been paid for by our servicemen and women.
Jerome K. Jerome|The night was so balmy that breathing ceased to be a habitual sensation, becoming much closer to something like the gaseous ingestion of a mango, the velvet caress of a hand or the soft skin of a fresh peach. Sleeping, lying down or sitting up, was, on that night, a divine human penitence, a miracle unexpected and unrealized, intuitive and peaceful in a unique opportunity.
Tim Burton|If the boy and girl walk off into the sunset hand-in-hand in the last scene, it adds 10 million to the box office.
Stephen Colbert|With each passing day, I become more and more convinced that the greatest threat to American freedom is the United States government.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Billionaire Mindset (for MoneyMaking Mommies): How to make your Billions and build your legacy|The way our minds work is that one positive thing and one negative thing does not equal each other.Instead, one negative thing can drastically bring down 2 or 3 positive things.
Han Shan|Already the ripening barberries are redAnd the old asters hardly breathe in their beds.The man who is not rich now as summer goesWill wait and wait and never be himself.The man who cannot quietly close his eyescertain that there is vision after vision inside,simply waiting for nighttimeto rise all around him in darkness-it's all over for him, he's like an old man.Nothing else will come; no more days will openand everything that does happen will cheat him.Even you, my God. And you are like a stonethat draws him daily deeper into the depths.
Terry Spear, The Vampire...In My Dreams|You have a mother?"	His mouth quirked with humor.	"Yep, and a father too! Every kid normally has one of each to begin with.	He was teasing me in an affectionate way...
Jimmy Smits|The profession of book writing makes horse racing seem like a solid, stable business.
A. J. P. Taylor|We will stand up for our friends in the world. And one of the most important friends is the State of Israel. My administration will be steadfast in support Israel against terrorism and violence, and in seeking the peace for which all Israelis pray.
Neil Gaiman, Norse Mythology|Find the Seventh Sister,And the girl shall be,Your spiritual guardian,For eternity.
Sally Lloyd-Jones, The Jesus Storybook Bible: Every Story Whispers His Name|But Jesus could see inside people. And inside, in their hearts, Jesus saw that they did not love God or other people. They were running away from God, and they thought they didn't need a rescuer. They thought they were good enough because they kept the rules. But sin had stopped their hearts from working properly. And their hearts were hard and cold. "This woman knows she's a sinner," Jesus told them. "She knows she'll never be good enough. She knows she needs me to rescue her. That's why she loves me so much. You look down on this woman because you don't look up to God. She is sinful on the outside-but you are sinful on the inside.
George A. Romero|I'm extremely proud of my daughter. She's done amazing work. She's worked on herself, which I think is important.
Magda M. Olchawska, Mikolay and Julia in the Attic|Mikolay had explored the big attic many times before, and he knew that his mummy misplaced boxes all the time. Ah, I,don’t really want a wand, um, that much. Can we go home now? “Please? begged Julia as she walked toward the door. But Mikolay grabbed her hand and whispered:Lets just see where the shadow is going and after that, we can go right home.Mikolay and Julia carefully moved closer and closer to the wall.
David Bentley Hart, The Doors of the Sea: Where Was God in the Tsunami?|There is, of course, some comfort to be derived from the thought that everything that occurs at the level of secondary causality - in nature or history - is governed not only by a transcendent providence but by a universal teleology that makes every instance of pain and loss an indispensable moment in a grand scheme whose ultimate synthesis will justify all things. But one should consider the price at which the comfort is purchased: it requires us to believe in and love a God whose good ends will be realized not only in spite of - but entirely by way of - every cruelty, every fortuitous misery, every catastrophe, every betrayal, every sin the world has ever known; it requires us to believe in the eternal spiritual necessity of a child dying an agonizing death from diphtheria, of a young mother ravaged by cancer, of tens of thousands of Asians swallowed in an instant by the sea, of millions murdered in death camps and gulags and forced famines (and so on). It is a strange thing indeed to seek peace in a universe rendered morally intelligible at the cost of a God rendered morally loathsome.
John Barnes, Raise the Gipper!|I was just trying to demonstrate to the students of Rowland University that Rowland University was not infinite. It had taken me a long time to figure out what the problem was, but one day I realized that the students at Rowland University thought that Rowland University was infinite. Infinite bookstore. Infinite fraternities and sororities. Infinite sports teams. Infinite snack shop. Infinite Homecoming. Infinite graduation. Infinite prospects.
Jane Austen, Emma|It has sunk him, I cannot say how much it has sunk him in my opinion. So unlike what a man should be!-None of that upright integrity, that strict adherence to truth and principle, that distain of trick and littleness, which a man should display in every transaction of his life.
Jenny Han, It's Not Summer Without You|We stood there, looking at each other, saying nothing. But it was the kind of nothing that meant everything. In his eyes, there was no trace of what had happened between us earlier and I could feel something inside me break.So that was that. We were finally, finally over.I looked at him, and I felt so sad, because this thought occurred to me: 'I will never look at you the same way again. I'll never be that girl again. The girl who comes running back every time you push her away, the girl who loves you anyway.'I couldn’t even be mad at him, because this was who he was. This was who he’dalways been. He’d never lied about that. He gave and then he took away. I felt it in the pit of my stomach, the familiar ache, that lost, regretful feeling only he could give me. I never wanted to feel it again. Never, ever.Maybe this was why I came, so I could really know. So I could say good-bye.I looked at him, and I thought, 'If I was very brave or very honest, I would tell him.'I would say it, so he would know it and I would know it, and I could never take it back. But I wasn’t that brave or honest, so all I did was look at him. And I think he knew anyway.'I release you. I evict you from my heart. Because if I don't do it now, I never will.'I was the one to look away first.
Paul Quarrington, The Ravine|A boy from Brooklyn used to cruise on summer nights.As soon as he’d hit sixty he’d hold his hand out the window,cupping it around the wind. He’d been assuredthis is exactly how a woman’s breast feels when you putyour hand around it and apply a little pressure. Now he knew,and he loved it. Night after night, again and again, untilthe weather grew cold and he had to roll the window up.For many years afterwards he was perpetually attemptingto soar. One winter’s night, holding his wife’s breastin his hand, he closed his eyes and wanted to weep.He loved her, but it was the wind he imagined now.As he grew older, he loved the word etcetera and refusedto abbreviate it. He loved sweet white butter. He oftenpretended to be playing the organ. On one of his last mornings,he noticed the shape of his face molded in the pillow.He shook it out, but the next morning it reappeared.
H.G.Wells|In relation to law I am doubtful whether, even at the present time, science has fairly begun.
Kristi Bowman, Journey to One: A Woman's Story of Emotional Healing and Spiritual Awakening|Creation is bringing potential into being, bringing inspiration into action. Inspiration and action are nothing when they are apart. Inspiration feels like a great a wondrous thing, but if it is not manifested, it is as if it never existed. Likewise, action without inspiration has no purpose. It is only when they are together as one that they are truly something.
Ibn Rajab The Evil of Craving for Wealth and Status|There is nothing more to chasing after wealth than the wastage of a person’s noble life for that which has no value. Instead he could have earned a high rank (in Paradise) and everlasting bliss, but he lost this due to his craving after provision – which had already been assured to him and allotted to him, and it was not possible for anything to come to him except what was decreed for him – then on top of this he does not benefit from that, but rather abandons it and leaves it for someone else.He departs from that and leaves it behind so that he will be the one held accountable for it, yet someone else benefits from it. So in reality he is only gathering it, yet someoneelse benefits from it. So in reality he is only gathering it for someone who will not praise him for that, whilst he himself goes on to One who will not excuse him for that – this itself would indeed be enough to show the blameworthiness of this craving.
Shunryu Suzuki|With passions stilled and one's nature firm, all destinies are in harmony; When the full moon of contemplation is reached you will be pure.
Vivian Vande Velde, Heir Apparent|She sighed. Loudly. "Physical appearance is not what is important."Yeah right. Tell that to any girl who hasn't bothered to put on a presentable shirt or fix her hair because she's only running into the grocery store to get a quart of milk for her grandmother, and who does she see tending the 7-ITEMS-OR-LESS cash register but the guy of her dreams, except she can't even say hi—much less try to develop a meaningful relationship—since she looks like the poster child for the terminally geeky.
Brandon Varnell|To be a hero is to become a paradox. The very act of wanting to be a hero implies that you wish danger upon others, for one cannot be a hero with needing someone to save.
Haruki Murakami, After the Quake|No matter how far you travel, you can never get away from yourself. It’s like your shadow. It follows you everywhere. -Komura
Andrea Goegleinlein|Ultimately, the artist and the revolutionary function as they function, and pay whatever dues they must pay behind it because they are both possessed by a vision, and they do not so much follow this vision as find themselves driven by it. Otherwise, they could never endure, much less embrace, the lives they are compelled to lead.
Mauricio Rosencof|I felt the human disease that is ignorance suddenly leave my body. Just like that. Like a hot, desperate piss after a long car ride.
W.H. Auden|When words lose their meaning, physical force takes over.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|Then he say something that really surprise me cause it so thoughtful and common sense. When it come to what folks do together with they bodies, he say, anybody's guess is as good as mine. But when you talk about love I don't have to guess. I have love and I have been love. And I thank God he let me gain understanding enough to know love can't be halted just cause some peoples moan and groan.
sid|You can change someone by your actions, not by your words
Oscar Wilde|I like persons better than principles, and I like persons with no principles better than anything else in the world.
Stephanie Danler, Sweetbitter|Anna and Emma just poofed.”“What?”“I was standing there. I was watching them. I was holding Anna’s hand when it happened.”Astrid rose and without really thinking about it wrapped her arms around Sam like she did when she was trying to comfort Little Pete.But unlike Little Pete, Sam responded to her touch by awkwardly hugging her back. For a moment his face was in her hair and she heard his ragged breathing close to her ear. And it seemed like they might do it again, the kissing thing, but then, both at once, they pushed away.“She was scared,” Sam said. “Anna, I mean. She saw Emma disappear. They were born just six minutes apart. So, first Emma. Then Anna, waiting for it. Knowing it was coming.
Elon Musk|To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others.
Jennifer E. Smith, The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight|He looks at her and smiles. "You're sort of dangerous, you know?" She stares at him. "Me?" "Yeah," he says sitting back. "I'm way too honest with you.
John le Carre|Job seekers light up when they find The Muse - we're a breath of fresh air in a stale, musty world. Our user experience focuses first and foremost on the individual, on providing them information - from content to company profiles - to make the most pressing professional decisions in their lives.
Sandra Harner, Ema's Odyssey: Shamanism for Healing and Spiritual Knowledge|Life comes and goes. …If you know that, you know it all.
Claire Danes|I have no patience for anyone who thinks they've figured things out, no patience for people who think they're right at the expense of everyone else. The world is too connected and too complicated to conform to any of our rigid ideas of what it should be like.
Drishti Bablani, Wordions | Uns|Yes, I value emotions deeply.Call me sensitive, call me weak, call me outdated, call me anything you may, but tell me the truth, can you deny emotions give life to life. If Emotions are an integral part of Being Human,Why do people suppress feeling them ?Does the bruising scare them ? Than I wonder who is weak ?
Marcey Shapiro, Freedom From Anxiety: A Holistic Approach to Emotional Well-Being|Continue to breathe, peaceful and easy. Light in, light out, love in, loveout. Rest in your feelings of well-being.
H.W. Charles, The Money Code: Become a Millionaire With the Ancient Jewish Code|Rabbi Elazar ben Azariah said, "Where there is no money, there is no learning." The rabbis explain that unless people's stomachs are full and satisfied, they cannot study, grow spiritually, and do good works.
Masashi Kishimoto|In this world, whenever there is light, there are also shadows. As long as the concept of winners exist, there must also be losers. The selfish desire of wanting to maintain peace causes wars and hatred is born to protect love.
Effrosyni Moschoudi, The Flow (book 2)|We overestimate what we hear from others, what the facts may be. But the truth, it always lies in our hearts. When you choose the right person to love, you’re happy. Even after one or two failed attempts, when there are obstacles in the way, soon enough things have a way of working out. But if you’ve tried all you could, and you’re still suffering, then it’s time to let go. Just ask your heart. If the pain is more than you can handle, then it’s time to move on
Laurie Brown, What Would Jane Austen Do?|What a magical place," she whispered in an awed voice. "I expect a unicorn or fairies to appear.""What would the fairies be doing?" Shermont asked. "Waltzing with the butterflies," she answered before thinking.
Cameron Stracher, The Water Wars|Of course Will was right again. But I realized clearly for the first time how desperate our plight was. It has been foolish to think we could rescue Kai. Now, wherever he is, it couldn't be worse than being held captive by pirates. Even cannibals were more trustworthy.
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|The truth is, people are ravenous for sex, sociopaths for love. I sometimes like to daydream that if we were all somehow simultaneously outed as lechers and perverts and sentimental slobs, it might be, after the initial shock of disillusionment, liberating. It might be a relief to quit maintaining this rigid pose of normalcy and own up to the outlaws and monsters we are.
Douglas Sadownick, Sex Between Men: An Intimate History of the Sex Lives of Gay Men Postwar to Present|Whatever the dangers in sex, gay men's innate drive to make love to other men corrects, redeems, and intervenes on a world gone mad with man-to-man violence.
Lionel Suggs|I believe in giving kindness, regardless of how unreasonable and self-centered a person is. Kindness is a gift of sanctity for a person. It has the goal of making the soul smile.
Jennifer Senior, All Joy and No Fun: The Paradox of Modern Parenthood|What if she told him how she felt, and he didn’t feel the same? She could lose him forever.
Aiden Wilson Tozer|God gets you to the plate, but once your there your on your own.
Elizabeth McCracken|Human nature stays the same, the one thing that stays constant, like death and taxes. And people still want good stories!
Miranda Liasson|Dear God, she was getting turned on in the middle of a roadside emergency. This had to stop.
Roger Nash Baldwin|When I became prime minister last September, I promised the Japanese people that I would not tolerate the politics of indecision. A propensity to delay difficult and weighty decisions has been hurting our country. It is detrimental to our economy, society and future, and it cannot be allowed to continue.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, One Day In The Life Of Ivan Denisovich|Like plumbing, medicine is a profession where you learn early on not to put your fingers in your mouth.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|At every stage, the world that breaks in through our senses struggles to find a footing in our brains. We might liken memories to the messages recorded on tape, but we mistake the message for the medium, or the other way round, for memory is the tape itself. When I listen to my memories now, I believe that all they tell me are the stories about themselves.
Katie MacAlister, The Importance of Being Alice|I've heard this attributed to Calvin Coolidge. "Behold the turtle. He never gets anywhere unless he sticks his neck out.
Andy Stanley, Ask It: The Question That Will Revolutionize How You Make Decisions|Everything, good or bad, was down to me.
M. Basilea Schlink|Only penitent sinners, who are granted forgiveness, are set on fire with love for Jesus. So I can testify how impoverished a life without daily repentance is. Heaven does not draw near. The radiance of joy is missing. There is no adoration or songs of praise. Love for Jesus is not burning in one's heart. There is no power in one's ministry, and it bears no fruit.
Justine Bateman|Man was created to praise, reverence, and serve God our Lord and in this way to save his soul. The other things on Earth were created for man's use, to help him reach the end for which he was created.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Me Before Them|What is the purpose of wealth if it cannot serve an ideal that enhances humanity and betters the lives of the people, even if that means those we have never met before in our lives?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Before Satan there was no sin, and before sin there was no pain.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, White Nights|I sometimes have moments of such despair, such despair … Because in those moments I start to think that I will never be capable of beginning to live a real life; because I have already begun to think that I have lost all sense of proportion, all sense of the real and the actual; because, what is more, I have cursed myself; because my nights of fantasy are followed by hideous moments of sobering! And all the time one hears the human crowd swirling and thundering around one in the whirlwind of life, one hears, one sees how people live—that they live in reality, that for them life is not something forbidden, that their lives are not scattered for the winds like dreams or visions but are forever in the process of renewal, forever young, and that no two moments in them are ever the same; while how dreary and monotonous to the point of being vulgar is timorous fantasy, the slave of shadow, of the idea...
Chris Prentiss, The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure|She felt her strong young body that she had never appreciated when she had it, constantly worrying that she didn't meet standards of beauty and not understanding how standards of health were so much more important.
Nicholas Trandahl|Think about how much of your Bible, Old and New Testaments, is in the form not of doctrinal statements but of stories. Statements declare doctrinal truth; stories illustrate doctrinal truth. Doctrinal statements are like skeletons - bare bones, but absolutely essential to give form and order and interconnection to the body of revealed truth. Stories flesh out that skeleton, incarnate that truth, demonstrate how the doctrine looks and moves and acts in the real world of flesh and blood.
Abramelin Keldor, The Goodwill Grimoire|So, what if your entire body was, oh I don’t know, dropped into molten met
Simple Plan|Everyone's screaming,I try to make a sound,But no one hears me
António R. Damásio, Looking for Spinoza: Joy, Sorrow, and the Feeling Brain|Leaving out appraisal also would render the biological description of the phenomena of emotion vulnerable to the caricature that emotions without an appraisal phase are meaningless events. It would be more difficult to see how beautiful and amazingly intelligent emotions can be, and how powerfully they can solve problems for us.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Look forward, in the direction of sunshine.
Richard Stark, The Jugger|Well, it just figures," Younger told him, like a man explaining his religion.
L. Frank Baum|For the last four years of her life, Mother was in a nursing home called Chateins in St. Louis ... [S]ix months before she died I sent a Mother's Day card. There was a horrible, mushy poem in it. I remember feeling "vaguely guilty.
Debasish Mridha|We fear pain so much that if the truth hurts, we embrace the lies.
Agnostic Zetetic|May we each find in ourselves the courage we forgot we have, to see the beauty we forgot is inside us, while battling the demons we forgot we can slay, on a battlefield we forgot we can win.
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|I don't believe time heals. I don't want it to. If I heal, doesn't that mean I've accepted the world without her?
Sunday Adelaja|...I am the first to say that ours is a complex and difficult country and some of our complexities are indeed grotesque. We who are Negro Americans can offer that last remark with unwavering insistence. It is, on the other hand, also a great nation with certain beautiful and indestructible traditions and potentials which can be seized by all of who possess imagination and love of man. There is, as a certain play suggests, a great deal to be fought in America - but, at the same time, there is so much which begs to be but re-affirmed and cherished with sweet defiance.
Deyth Banger|Defy all that’s holy, for they are the seekersDo the bidding for they are the devil’s speakers
Julie Delpy|Words of love, are works of love.
Oscar Wilde|To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Nizami Ganjavi|people say I'm running back to the thing that broke me, yeah he did, but I picked myself back up, now it's about fixing him.
Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality|Emeth came walking forward into the open strip of grass between the bonfire and the Stable. His eyes were shining, his face was solemn, his hand was on his sword-hilt, and he carried his head high. Jill felt like crying when she looked at his face. And Jewel whispered in the King's ear, "By the Lion's Mane, I almost love this young warrior, Calormene though he be. He is worthy of a better god than Tash.
Yan Antropov|It is very difficult to bear the pain of ignorance of the person whom you love and who loves you, more than anything in the world..
James Joyce, Ulysses|I WANT her though, to take the same from me.She touches me as if I were herself, her own.She has not realized yet, that fearful thing, thatI am the other,she thinks we are all of one piece.It is painfully untrue.I want her to touch me at last, ah, on the root andquick of my darknessand perish on me, as I have perished on her.Then, we shall be two and distinct, we shall haveeach our separate being.And that will be pure existence, real liberty.Till then, we are confused, a mixture, unresolved,unextricated one from the other.It is in pure, unutterable resolvedness, distinctionof being, that one is free,not in mixing, merging, not in similarity.When she has put her hand on my secret, darkestsources, the darkest outgoings,when it has struck home to her, like a death, "this is _him!_"she has no part in it, no part whatever,it is the terrible _other_,when she knows the fearful _other flesh_, ah, dark-ness unfathomable and fearful, contiguous and concrete,when she is slain against me, and lies in a heaplike one outside the house,when she passes away as I have passed awaybeing pressed up against the _other_,then I shall be glad, I shall not be confused with her,I shall be cleared, distinct, single as if burnished in silver,having no adherence, no adhesion anywhere,one clear, burnished, isolated being, unique,and she also, pure, isolated, complete,two of us, unutterably distinguished, and in unutterable conjunction.Then we shall be free, freer than angels, ah, perfect.VIIIAFTER that, there will only remain that all mendetach themselves and become unique,that we are all detached, moving in freedom morethan the angels,conditioned only by our own pure single being,having no laws but the laws of our own being.Every human being will then be like a flower, untrammelled.Every movement will be direct.Only to be will be such delight, we cover our faceswhen we think of itlest our faces betray us to some untimely fiend.Every man himself, and therefore, a surpassingsingleness of mankind.The blazing tiger will spring upon the deer, un-dimmed,the hen will nestle over her chickens,we shall love, we shall hate,but it will be like music, sheer utterance,issuing straight out of the unknown,the lightning and the rainbow appearing in usunbidden, unchecked,like ambassadors.We shall not look before and after.We shall _be_, _now_.We shall know in full.We, the mystic NOW.(From the poem the Manifesto)
Anaïs Nin|Sex does not thrive on monotony. Without feeling, inventions, moods,no surprises in bed. Sex must be mixed with tears, laughter, words, promises, scenes, jealousy, envy, all the spices of fear, foreign travel, new faces, novels, stories, dreams, fantasies, music, dancing, opium, wine.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, No Mercy|Fang let out a low whistle. "Anyone know that Amazons could ride a giant bird?"Ethon gave him a duh stare. "Those of us who fought them, yeah, we know. How you think they keep kicking our asses?""Cause you're pansies. Everyone knows that.
Susannah Carson, Living with Shakespeare: Actors, Directors, and Writers on Shakespeare in Our Time|We number nothing that we spend for you;Our duty is so rich, so infinite,That we may do it still without accompt.Vouchsafe to show the sunshine of your face,That we, like savages, may worship it.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|Of Equality--as if it harm'd me, giving others the same chances and rights as myself--as if it were not indispensable to my own rights that others possess the same.
S.J. Watson, Before I Go to Sleep|The willingness to reexamine lifelong beliefs because of conflicting data takes enormous courage, and contrasts sharply with recent examples of public discourse in which our political, cultural, and religious leaders have fit data to preconceived theories.
Tammara Webber, Good For You|It isn't fair how I doubt him, and I wonder if he'll ever gather that my loss of faith extends further than I'd ever known it would, severing lines of trust and leveling my confidence like a city-flattening tornado.
Rene Denfeld, The Enchanted|I operate under the assumption that people don't notice the good in me. That's just how things always seem to play out. I get blamed, while con-artist kids like Venus, and Camille, and Gemma get believed. But the rescue lady noticed. In the background, just observing, she noticed.
Melody Beattie|If you asked me for my New Year Resolution, it would be to find out who I am.
Donna Tartt|Vidal had his exuberant and stately tower in the most elegant and elevated part of Pedralbes, surrounded by hills, trees, and fairy-tale skies. I would have my sinister tower rising above the oldest, darkest streets of the city, surrounded by the miasmas and the shadows of that necropolis which poets and murderers had once called the "Rose of Fire.
Lydia Davis, Can't and Won't: Stories|...as long as I felt I had to take some action, I was anguished, and when I gave up all responsibility and stopped trying to do anything at all, I was relatively at peace, even though the earth meanwhile was circling so far below us and we were so high up in a defective airplane that would have trouble landing.
David Foster Wallace, This Is Water: Some Thoughts, Delivered on a Significant Occasion, about Living a Compassionate Life|Your actions create an "energy vortex" that draws in the necessary ingredients for your venture.
Anthony Bourdain|I don't eat fast food often, but I love tacos. I could write prophetically about how perfect the taco is.
Don DeLillo, Cosmopolis|Tricky was a plain-faced man with a very handsome voice - a voice like the sound of a clarinet, at once liquid and penetrating, and lovely to listen to.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you can know how to convert your time by investing it, then you can buy greatness with it.
George Eliot|Science in the modern world has many uses; its chief use, however, is to provide long words to cover the errors of the rich.
Shelby D. Hunt, Marketing Theory: Foundations, Controversy, Strategy, and Resource-Advantage Theory|    In a thousand years or ten thousand, no one would remember my nation. It, too, would share in oblivion and prove to not matter, to never have mattered.    The same for my species, and the earth, the universe, and God. When the last star winks out, none of it will have mattered - and it ten billion years, I will still be nothing - and equal to God.     That was the first stage in my enlightenment: to understand that nothing matters. Hence, everything is equal.
Collette West, Inside Game|If there was anything he’d learned in his life, it was to fight fire with fire, and if that didn’t work, piss on the fire to put it out.
Zadie Smith, On Beauty|USURY: Everybody's looking for the job in which you never have to pay anyone their pound of flesh. Self-employed nirvana. A lot of artists like to think of themselves as uncompromising; a lot of management consultants won't tell you what they do until they've sunk five pints. I don't think anybody should give themselves air just because they don't have to hand over a pound of flesh every day at 5pm, and I don't think anyone should beat themselves with broken glass because they do. If you're an artist, well, good for you. Thank your lucky stars every evening and dance in the garden with the fairies. But don't fool yourself that you occupy some kind of higher moral ground. You have to work for that. Writing a few lines, painting a pretty picture - that just won't do it.
Mohamedou Ould Slahi, Guantánamo Diary|The only color we must be cynical about is never skin color but, the color of character for what character can do, skin color may never be able to do.
Matthew Quick, Forgive Me, Leonard Peacock|What does it mean to care? Let me start by saying that the word care has become a very ambivalent word. When someone says: 'I will take care of him!' it is more likely an announcement of an impending attack than of a tender compassion. And besides this ambivalence, the word is most often used in a negative way. 'Do you want coffee or tea?' 'I don't care.' 'Do you want to stay home or go to a movie?' 'I don't care.' 'Do you want to walk or go by car?' 'I don't care.' This expression of indifference toward choices in life has become commonplace. And often it seems that not to care has become more acceptable than to care, and a carefree life-style more attractive than a careful one.
Bertrand Russell|What is wanted is not the will to believe, but the will to find out, which is the exact opposite.
Toni Cada Bambara|with the police doing all the killing, who do we call when our hero's are the villain
Ivo Andrić|If people would know how little brain is ruling the world, they would die of fear.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Many evidences and arguments suggest God’s existence, yet the plain truth is that God cannot be proved by intellectual arguments alone. If the human mind could fully prove God, He would be no greater than the mind that proves Him!
Dana Davis|I went from not knowing anything to becoming really curious and wanting to know and respecting people in the industry, realizing how hard they work. I will always be thankful for 'Top Model' for that.
Thomas More|The moment I have realized God sitting in the temple of every human body, the moment I stand in reverence before every human being and see God in him - that moment I am free from bondage, everything that binds vanishes, and I am free.
JoJo|It's weird to have people so interested in your personal life. It's a part of the business that grosses me out. I'm always bummed out for people who just happen to be dating a celebrity, and they're also famous, and they can't live their life.
James Rozoff|The most satisfying of languages, Latin.
Ron Suskind, A Hope in the Unseen: An American Odyssey from the Inner City to the Ivy League|I’m in love with you,” I whispered, searching her eyes. i looked very pale and very scared, and a little…hopeful.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|From the beginning of time until the present moment, man’s ungodly quest for power, his determination to use his gift of free choice for his own selfish ends, has brought him to the brink of doom.
Mike Mills|Since the tragedies, the Department of Homeland Security was established to prevent terrorist attacks within the United States, and most importantly, to share intelligence information among government agencies and departments.
Ian McEwan|Clive was losing sensation in his feet, and as he stamped them the rhythm gave him back the ten note falling figure, ritardando, a cor anglais, and rising softly against it, contrapuntally, cellos in mirror image. Her face in it. The end.
Jorge M. Perez|People don't get involved with local charities or politics because they think it's hard to make a difference and the problem feels overwhelming. But I believe that if all I've time for this year is to write one letter to the local council, it's still worth doing.
Awdhesh Singh, Practising Spiritual Intelligence: For Innovation, Leadership and Happiness|The knowledge of the Spirit is the true secret of creativity, leadership and happiness. It is spiritual intelligence that makes an ordinary person a genius. When a genius loses his spiritual intelligence, he becomes quite ordinary.
Michael Zadoorian, The Leisure Seeker|The sad truth is, John and I and the kids only took Route 66 once on our trips to Disneyland. Our family, like the rest of America, succumbed to the lure of faster highways, more direct routes, higher speed limits. We forgot about taking the slow way. It makes you wonder if something inside us knows that our lives are going to pass faster than we could ever realize. So we run around like chickens about to lose our heads. Which makes our little two- or three-week vacations with our families more important than ever... As for the time that elapsed between those vacations, that’s another thing altogether. It seems to have all passed breathlessly, like some extended whisper of days, months, years, decades. (pp.39-40)
Luigi Pirandello, If...|...and here, in this if I always lose myself.
Rudolf Otto|To see this place would truly be worth a trip to India in itself, and from the spirit of the religion that lived here one can learn more in an hour of viewing than from all the books ever written.
Brooke Burke|I'll paddle board, swim in the ocean, roll in the sand, soak up the sun, eat good food, be with friends and family and go fishing with my dad.
Rory Stewart|I have a theory because I was being beaten up a lot by people outside of school, it was almost like if I could make myself sick enough they'd take sympathy on me.
Darrell Calkins|The primary reason that I’m not a representative of specific groups or schools of thought is that that choice gives me the freedom to look at these groups and thoughts from the inside and the outside. I’m trying to be honest in that role—what really works here and what does not? That is, I have nothing to sell or win by any given position. I’m promoting a similar process for any person I interact with in my work, including toward me.Investment in a given idea or group tends to immediately shut down options for perception, and then choice. Prejudice, bigotry and arrogance breed from that. One is forced to think a certain way to stay within the group or thought, and then to defend against apparent opposition. This constructs and feeds the kinds of adamant separation and conflict we see so many manifestations of on every level. In many cases, it’s also the cause of deep internal conflict in most individuals, yet it isn’t really addressed.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|Pride is an expensive vice, for it is wedded to Greed whose hunger is never sated
Barbara DeLeo, The Bouquet List|When she kissed him this time it was hungry, intoxicating. He let one hand track down her body, feeling her close. "I want you, Yasmin," he said, his breath ragged. "Badly.
Farley Mowat|You keep shooting. You hope it goes in, and you smile.
Daria Snadowsky, Anatomy of a Boyfriend|I never thought Greek philosophy could make a damn bit of sense to me. And most of it didn't, but those words just seemed right. 'Love is composed of a single soul, inhabiting two bodies.'" He took her by the shoulders drawing her close. "It rang true for me, in a way nothing else did. Whatever soul I had, Katie, I think I placed it in your keeping twenty years ago. And now, it's as if...every time we kiss, you give a little piece of it back.
Lionel Suggs|People tend to misinterpret imagination for being willing to do everything, instead of having the capability to put your mind to anything. There is a difference.
Prem Rawat|In the present state of our knowledge, it would be useless to attempt to speculate on the remote cause of the electrical energy... its relation to chemical affinity is, however, sufficiently evident. May it not be identical with it, and an essential property of matter?
Philippa Gregory|The green girl necessarily pines for the past, because the present is too uncomfortable to be present in and the future, unimaginable. The need to long, to desire that which she cannot have, that which has eluded her, because she deceives herself that it was this person, this chance, where she would have found happiness.
John Ridley|I love meat and vegetables. If I did a diet, I would do Paleo, except they have no cheese, which is very upsetting. I'm going to start my own Chrissy diet that's like Paleo plus cheese. Plus late Saturday night drive-through.
Ameya Agrawal|The bold display of our unattractive parts is an effective substitute for beauty since it duplicates beauty's principal effects, namely the excitation of admiration, charm, and envy in the beholder, who is moved to wish that they too could carry their own defects with the same ease.
Glennon Doyle Melton|If you can’t beat fear, just do it scared.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Timequake|SILENCE does not always mean 'NEUTRALITY'! Sometimes, it may mean 'consenting' to a wrong, sometimes it may mean 'condoning' a mistake and sometimes it may mean giving space to the wrong doer....SOMETIMES, we need to get up and FIGHT!
Ivan Goncharov, Oblomov|Memories are either the greatest poetry, when they are memories of a vital happiness, or a burning pain, when they touch dried wounds.p. 479
William Blake|When a sinister person means to be your enemy, they always start by trying to become your friend
Elie Wiesel, Night|Why do you pray?" he asked me, after a moment. Why did I pray? A strange question. Why did I live? Why did I breathe?"I don't know why," I said, even more disturbed and ill at ease. "I don't know why."After that day I saw him often. He explained to me with great insistence that every question possessed a power that did not lie in the answer. "Man raises himself toward God by the questions he asks Him," he was fond of repeating. "That is the true dialogue. Man questions God and God answers. But we don't understand His answers. We can't understand them. Because they come from the depths of the soul, and they stay there until death. You will find the true answers, Eliezer, only within yourself!" "And why do you pray, Moshe?" I asked him. "I pray to the God within me that He will give me the strength to ask Him the right questions.
Pella Grace, Knock Love Out|I worked in a grocery store my whole life, Honey-girl. I know what lonely housewives think of this.”“I meant the baby, Jerk.”“Attached to me.”“You think you’re cute, don’t you?”“Are you honestly asking me this? I know you’re not debating it.
Andrew Lloyd Webber|Convinced as I am and as I am from my government that the world needs a new moral architecture over all I believe that this should be the first topic to debate in our world of today, ethics, moral.
Imraan Coovadia, Tales of the Metric System|Don't go chasing after the grand theme, the idea, I told my students, as if it is separate from the story itself. The idea or ideas behind the story must come to you through the experience of the novel and not as something tacked onto it.
Alex Scarrow, The Eternal War|It must be October, the trees are falling away and showing their true colors.
David G. McAfee, Disproving Christianity and Other Secular Writings|Because of Jesus’ supposed predestination, God would have had to choose the people who would kill and betray his son, choose the method by which he would be killed (crucifixion), and the time at which the event would occur. Those guilty of killing Jesus would therefore be simply carrying out God’s wishes without the free will to have chosen a path for themselves.
H.A. Kotys, Is This Me|To hell with passive, inflict your passion on me.
Donna Lynn Hope|A gem, like you, is made beautiful by being polished. It's not an easy undertaking, but a stone that exists undisturbed among others just is...but the most beautiful stand out because they face being alone, endure hardships and learn from what challenges them. Suffering purifies and makes beautiful, but only if the gem can shine.
Erin Passons, The Nasty Women Project: Voices from the Resistance|I voted for every woman who has to leave a baby too soon, who has to downgrade her career, or who is made to feel invisible in her role as a mother.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With positive attitude and persistent endurance, you can overcome any challenge.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Beauty, love with truth, that is all there is.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|you give your best for today, you create a greater tomorrow.
Kittie Blessed|February 14, 2014 Because I Am MeNote: I wrote this for many reasons. There is a lot of bullying and a lot of judgment towards special needs and to everyone who is different. I hope you enjoy this. Really meaningful.Why do you talk so different? Because I am me, and this is who I am. I can't change that and wouldn't want to.Why do you look so different?Because I am me, and this is who I am. I can't change that and wouldn't want to. This is me and it doesn't make me any more different than you.Why do you act so differently than everyone else?Because I am me, and this is who I am. I can't change that and wouldn't want to. This is me and it doesn't make me any more different than you. It's okay to be different and just be myself.Why do you wear the clothes that you do? Because I am me, and this is who I am. I can't change that and wouldn't want to. This is me and doesn't make me any more different than you. It's okay to be different and just to be myself. I wouldn't change myself for anyone in the world.Why do you not walk like everyone else?Because I am me, and this is who I am. I can't change that and wouldn't want to. This is me and it doesn't make me any more different than you. It's okay to be different and just be myself. I wouldn't change myself for anyone in the world. I am my own person; this is who I was meant to be.Why do you do things more slowly than others?Because I am me, and this is who I am. I can't change that and wouldn't want to. This is me and it doesn't make me any more different than you. It's okay to be different and just be myself. I wouldn't change myself for anyone in the world. I am my own person; this is who I was meant to be. I do things as I am meant to do them, because this is me.
Jonathan Sacks|In times of peace, the war party insists on making preparation for war. As soon as prepared for, it insists on making war.
Sigmund Freud, Introductory Lectures on Psychoanalysis|The story is told of a famous German chemist that his marriage did not take place, because he forgot the hour of his wedding and went to the laboratory instead of to the church. He was wise enough to be satisfied with a single attempt and died at a great age unmarried
Jason Fried|When you are starting to run an online business, you need to narrow down a niche market and be able to stick with it until you have a good profit coming in. This can take a while, so you need to have a great deal of patience to make sure that your business is moving in the right direction.
Garrison Keillor|Hurry up! Do it – get it done. You got work to do. Don’t put this off and don’t take the long view. Life is today and tomorrow, and if you are lucky, may be next week.
Abraham Maslow|As a leader, you must consistently drive effective communication. Meetings must be deliberate and intentional - your organizational rhythm should value purpose over habit and effectiveness over efficiency.
Nikolai Gogol, The Collected Tales of Nikolai Gogol|Christianity now is in crisis, and a large part because people have marketed it as a religion of good people getting better, when in fact it is religion a bad people coping with their failure to be good.
Mark Zuckerberg|Online, you're providing each other with the good aspects of being together as far as communication and support, but you don't have to deal with the realities of paying bills together, or being annoyed when they leave the toilet seat up or don't put the food away in the fridge.
Vladimir Putin|Even today there still exists in the South--and in certain areas of the North--the license that our society allows to unjust officials who implement their authority in the name of justice to practice injustice against minorities. Where, in the days of slavery, social license and custom placed the unbridled power of the whip in the hands of overseers and masters, today--especially in the southern half of the nation--armies of officials are clothed in uniform, invested with authority, armed with the instruments of violence and death and conditioned to believe that they can intimidate, main or kill Negroes with the same recklessness that once motivated the slaveowner. If one doubts this conclusion, let him search the records and find how rarely in any southern state a police officer has been punished for abusing a Negro.
Rhonda Byrne, The Power|If you constantly go back over your life and focus on the difficulties from the past, you are just bringing more difficult circumstances to you now.When you think back over your life, let go of all the things you don't love about your life, let go of all the things you don't love about your childhood and keep only the things you love. Let go of the things you don't love about your adolescent and adult years and keep only the good things. When you do, you'll discover that you begin to feel happier and happier. The more positive thoughts you entertain, the more you notice the things that you love and that make you feel good, and the happier you become.Like attracts like, and when you're happy, you attract happy people, circumstances, and events into your life. This is how your life changes - one happy thought at a time!
Vee Hoffman|I think I was about to say that if I ever see Eliza again—and the fact that this is even a remote possibility is—I don’t know what it is, a goddamn miracle, maybe? After I kiss her and hold her and let her touch my chest, I’m going to hang her upside down and employ Chinese water torture until she promises never to be so stupid again.
Guy Sajer, The Forgotten Soldier|These definitions coincide with the terms which, since Greek antiquity, have been used to define the forms of government as the rule of man over man—of one or the few in monarchy and oligarchy, of the best or the many in aristocracy and democracy, to which today we ought to add the latest and perhaps most formidable form of such dominion, bureaucracy, or the rule by an intricate system of bureaux in which no men, neither one nor the best, neither the few nor the many, can be held responsible, and which could be properly called the rule by Nobody. Indeed, if we identify tyranny as the government that is not held to give account of itself, rule by Nobody is clearly the most tyrannical of all, since there is no one left who could even be asked to answer for what is being done. It is this state of affairs which is among the most potent causes for the current world-wide rebellious unrest.
M. J. Rose|I was an old tackle riding around talking to people about sports. Like I've said to a lot of people over the years, 'I only go where old tackles go, and if an old tackle does not belong there, I'm not going.'
Hal Elrod, The Miracle Morning: The Not-So-Obvious Secret Guaranteed to Transform Your Life|There is nothing to fear, because you cannot fail—only learn, grow, and become better than you've ever been before.
E.F. Benson, Lucia in London|...if the verses are for a literary competition, your grace should try to win second place; first is always won through favor or because of the high estate of the person, second is won because of pure justice, and by this calculation third becomes second, and the first becomes third...
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|Throw away the servility of imitation, and rise to the manliness of originality.
DMX|I'm just here for good times, man. I want people to have the best time ever. Especially if they're around me.
Hunter S. Thompson, Screwjack|Living on pills, phone calls unmade, people unseen, pages unwritten, money unmade, pressure piling up all around to make some kind of breakthrough and get moving again. Get the gum off the rails, finish something, croak this awful habit of not ever getting to the end- of anything.
Athol Dickson, The Gospel According to Moses: What My Jewish Friends Taught Me about Jesus|Come on people! Somebody disagree with me! How can we learn anything if no one will disagree?" Rabbi Stern
Reggie M. Kidd, With One Voice: Discovering Christ's Song in Our Worship|The gospel is unintelligible to most people today, especially in the West, because their own particular stories are remote from the story of creation, fall, redemption, and consummation that is narrated in the Bible. Our focus is introspective and narrow, confided to our own immediate knowledge, experience, and intuition. Trying desperately to get others, including God, to make us happy, we cannot seem to catch a glimpse of the real story that gives us a meaningful role.
Rebecca Traister, All the Single Ladies: Unmarried Women and the Rise of an Independent Nation|In work, it is possible to find commitment, attachment, chemistry, and connection. In fact, it's high time that more people acknowledged the electric pull that women can feel for their profession, the exciting heat of ambition and frisson of success.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slapstick, or Lonesome No More!|This person has just arrived on this planet, knows nothing about it, has no standards by which to judge it. This person does not care what it becomes. It is eager to become absolutely anything it is supposed to be.
Daniel Keyes|But I've learned that intelligence alone doesn't mean a damned thing. Here in your university, intelligence, education, knowledge, have all become great idols. But I know now there's one thing you've all overlooked: intelligence and education that hasn't been tempered by human affection isn't worth a damn.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Not everyone man is a lover, not every love is the love.
Friedrich A. Hayek, The Road to Serfdom|The most effective way of making people accept the validity of the values they are to serve is to persuade them that they are really the same as those which they, or at least the best among them, have always held, but which were not properly understood or recognised before.
Sukant Ratnakar, Open The Windows: To the World around You|We all are creative by nature, but our creativity gets buried deep under the pressure of our day to day mad rush.
S.E. Hinton|I have no idea why I write. The old standards are: I like to express my feelings, stretch my imagination, earn money.
Robert Greene, Mastery|n the treetops, this powerful vision was built for speed—seeing and reacting quickly. On the open grassland, it was the opposite. Safety and finding food relied upon slow, patient observation of the environment, on the ability to pick out details and focus on what they might mean. Our ancestors’ survival depended on the intensity of their attention. The longer and harder they looked, the more they could distinguish between an opportunity and a danger. If they simply scanned the horizon quickly they could see a lot more, but this would overload the mind with information—too many details for such sharp vision. The human visual system is not built for scanning, as a cow’s is, but for depth of focus.
Celso Cukierkorn, Secrets of Jewish Wealth Revealed!|See, Brutus, for me, it’s not good enough to just guess as to whether there’s a heaven or how to get there. I’m not going to take Julian’s word for it, or Aaron’s word for it, or anyone else’s word for it. I’m going to find out for myself whether I believe there’s a heaven or not, and then I’m going to spend the rest of my life doing everything I possibly can to get there. We don’t get that long on earth, and heaven is forever, so if there’s anything I can do, anything at all, even if it takes my entire life, then it’s worth it,” Elena said.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|The heresy of an age of reason,' or some such slovos [words]. 'I see what is right and approve, but I do what is wrong.
Ruta Sepetys, Salt to the Sea|Revolting. If women were so careless to become pregnant at such a time, let women sort it out.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|When I were first learning to shoot a rifle, Pa told me that nearly every battle people face is in their heads. If you think you can't do something, you won't. If you believe you can, it's only a matter of time before you will.
Shirley Jackson, We Have Always Lived in the Castle|I was thinking that being a demon and a ghost must be very difficult, even for Charles; if he ever forgot, or let his disguise drop for a minute, he would be recognized at once and driven away; he must be extremely careful to use the same voice every time, and present the same face and the same manner without a slip; he must be constantly on guard against betraying himself. I wondered if he would turn back to his true self when he was dead.
Usain Bolt|I just want to make music, I don't want people to talk about me. All I've ever wanted to do was sing. I don't want to be a celebrity. I don't want to be in people's faces, you know, constantly on covers of magazine that I haven't even known I'm on.
LIFE Magazine|I am the salt of the earth, and I do not believe in the ninety percent rigmarole that is organized religion. But miracles? Miracles, my friend are a different thing entirely. From what I can see, miracles are built from love, and as far as love is concerned, I am a true believer.
Tim Gunn, Tim Gunn's Fashion Bible: The Fascinating History of Everything in Your Closet|Speaking of high-end shoe designers, in 2011 it was fascinating to see the design company of Christian Louboutin try to stop the company Yves Saint Laurent from producing high heels with red soles, claiming that Louboutin was the originator of the red sole. Louboutin lost, and I was glad. He was not the first person to paint a sole, and I am wary of patenting a color, like Tiffany blue. Why should we grant that entire history to Louboutin and say there are no predecessors and should be no successors?
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Secret Garden|Sometimes since I've been in the garden I've looked up through the trees at the sky and I have had a strange feeling of being happy as if something was pushing and drawing in my chest and making me breathe fast. Magic is always pushing and drawing and making things out of nothing. Everything is made out of magic, leaves and trees, flowers and birds, badgers and foxes and squirrels and people. So it must be all around us. In this garden - in all the places.
Joe Abercrombie, Last Argument of Kings|She isn't like any of the girls I ever knew, or any of the girls I was myself.
Jess Fulton, For Just a Little While|They say in time all things will pass. But before they do, they last . . . for just a little while.
Andrew     Miller, Dub Steps|And yet, in terms of its emotive potential, I still find art more attractive, currently, than books, which fail at a deeper level.
Igor Eliseev|Consider how the sky is unharmed by the clouds that pass through it, whether they are light and fluffy-looking or dark and formidable. A mountain is not moved by the winds blowing over it, whether gentle or fierce. The ocean is not destroyed by the waves moving on its surface, whether high or low. In just that way, no matter what we experience, some aspect of ourselves remains unharmed. This is the innate happiness of awareness.
William Gibson, Pattern Recognition|There must be some Tommy Hilfiger event horizon, beyond which it is impossible to be more derivative, more removed from the source, more devoid of soul.
Lia Habel, Dearly, Departed|Bad things can happen, and often do--but they only take up a few pages of your story; and anyone can survive a few pages.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we grow in faith, we shall never seize to bear fresh fruit.
Jamie Farrell, Sugared|Her eyes slid closed, her secret places pulsed in anticipation, and his lips settled onto the skin beneath her ear.	That was magic.	She held perfectly still.	He pressed a kiss to her neck. Then another, lower. A third, even lower. 	She squirmed.	He dropped his hands. “Sorry. I---“ 	“Don’t stop,” Kimmie whispered.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|A profound love between two people involves, after all, the power and chance of doing profound hurt.
Marty Rubin|And I wondered how it would feel to be in Heaven and not have my face matter anymore. Just like how it never, ever mattered to Daisy.
Alan Heathcock, Volt|He had been driven hither by the impulse of that Remorse which dogged him everywhere, and whose own sister and closely linked companion was that Cowardice which invariably drew him back, with her tremulous gripe, just when the other impulse had hurried him to the verge of a disclosure.
Lisa Smartt, Doug and Carlie's Love Conspiracy|Aggressiveness, complaints, pressures, drama and polemics can wipe out a favor or a promise and stain a generous deed.
Dannye Williamsen|Because, of course, it wouldn't do to just talk to her. She had spoken to him in flashes of daylight, and he felt he ought to reply in kind.
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|When writing fiction, you learn to only put things and characters in, that are going to progress your story. There is something to be learned about that approach in real life
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|You simply don't get to be wise, mature, etc., unless you've been a raving cannibal for thirty years or so.
Vladimir Nabokov|The days of my youth, as I look back on them; seem to fly away from me in a flurry of pale repetitive scraps like those morning snow storms of used tissue paper that a train passenger sees whirling in the wake of the observation can.
Kate Christensen|There's something else that makes a woman interesting, something beyond being young or being old. And I'm going to find out what that something else is before I die, I hope.
Debra Anastasia, Fire in the Hole|If you believe that your needs were met because you prayed, then you make God the parent who reacts only when the baby cries. Matthew 6:25-34.
Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace Who You Are|When your mom was not in labor yelling at me, she made me laugh so hard.
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|No one escapes gender conditioning. Most of us unwittingly carry the cultural gender shadow into our important relationships, and we end up in struggles with our partners, family members, friends, and colleagues that aren’t really about us as individual. When women and men do gender reconciliation work in community, they begin to see the power of this cultural baggage in a new light. They realise the prevalence of overarching social patterns and conditioning in much of their experience – and comprehend that, in this larger context, they are not alone in what happened to them.
Russell Hoban, Soonchild|He was thinking what a long and wide thing time is, to have so many happenings in it.
Brennan Manning|The author's Socrates admonishes paramount awareness human limitations. If we do good to those we evaluate as good and evil to those we evaluate at the evil, and we are wrong, we have been made the world less just.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Words have the power to open up newer realities, rarefy tour performance, inspire fresh possibilities and free humanity.
Lily Aldridge|Because sorry to say, women run the house. They run the family. They hold things up. I mean, it's like you don't ever see your mom get sick because she handles everything. And it's kind of amazing I think to show people just how strong women are.
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|The dressmakers have just arrived from Shylon; they are coming here to display their goods.’‘Really, that’s lovely.’‘I was wondering if I could have some money, please.’ ‘What’s the point in having your own money if you’re just going to spend mine?’ ‘Yeah, but the amount of dresses I’m planning to buy, I might not have enough.’ ‘Then buy an amount you can afford.’ Ratilla responded bearing an expression of incredulity. ‘Oh Rat.’ Tizi said as she pouted, conjuring a mournful expression. ‘I just want to look pretty, what will they say if the wife of the Imperial Chancellor is clothed in rags? I’m only trying to play my part as the wife of the great Ratilla.’ Tizi said, her eyes full of misery, as Ratilla shook his head and chuckled.
Shannon L. Alder|It was as if something snapped in two deep inside me. My parents-- the people I’d loved the most in the world, the ones I’d always told all my secrets to, the ones I’d wanted to hide with far away from the rest of the world. They had lied, and I couldn’t imagine why. It couldn’t possibly matter why.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Remember that setbacks are only challenges in disguise. Look at them as lessons . . . don't waste time beating yourself up. Just gt back on track and focus on what you want. It's up to you, and you will do it!
Jack Ma|In countries other than Pakistan - I won't necessarily call them 'Western' - people support me. This is because people there respect others. They don't do this because I am a Pashtun or a Punjabi, a Pakistani, or an Iranian, they do it because of one's words and character. This is why I am being respected and supported there.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Ah, shit. She’s been crying. This is not good. I swear to God, a girl crying is fucking blackmail. It just makes you feel so damn guilty – no matter if you’ve done anything wrong or not – and have the bizarre urge to make her feel better.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|The human body is not a thing or a substance, given, but a continuous creation.
Christopher Morley, The Haunted Bookshop|Printer's ink has been running a race against gunpowder these many, many years. Ink is handicapped, in a way, because you can blow up a man with gunpowder in half a second, while it may take twenty years to blow him up with a book. But the gunpowder destroys itself along with its victim, while a book can keep on exploding for centuries.
Mark Twain|Be stupid, be dumb, be funny, if that's who you are. Don't try to be someone that society wants you to be; that's stupid. So be yourself.
Elizabeth Bear, Carnival|Sometimes, the anger built up so much that people had to scream out their treasonous thoughts just to keep on breathing. Maybe not all of the were really crazy, but it was best for everyone involved to pretend that they were.
Bisco Hatori, Ouran High School Host Club, Vol. 2|I can’t be with you. I love Brandon; I’m sorry.”No! “Baby, don’t say that. I will fight for you, I will. Please just give us a shot.”“A part of me will probably always love you, too, but I can’t take chances with you, Chase. You’ll leave me one day, and it will kill me when you do.”“Wha—No! I wouldn’t, I swear I wouldn’t.
Nancy Arroyo Ruffin, Letters to My Daughter: A Collection of Short Stories and Poems about Love, Pride, and Identity|You know, the heart is meant to be your life support, I was a fool to give her my heart. She affected my life support greatly and I know that I will never be the same without her again.
Richard M. Weaver, Ideas Have Consequences|It will be found that every attack upon religion, or upon characteristic ideas inherited from religion, when its assumptions are laid bare, turns out to be an attack upon mind.
Sarah Winman, When God Was a Rabbit|I'd been feeling like this for a while, the continual looking back, the stuckness of it all. I blamed it on the coming New Year, only four and a half months away, when the clocks would read zero and we would start again, could start again, but I knew we wouldn't. Nothing would. The world would be the same, just a little bit worse.
ETC Wanyanwu|When people have nothing positive or negative to say about you, it means you don't exist
Jill Shalvis, Get A Clue|So while the world thinks of you as a real-life Bruce Wayne with hundreds of millions in the bank and models draped across your arm, you’re really Batman, aligned with the Resistance, and you kidnapped me for your own good?”“Exactly,” he said.“Isn’t that what an assassin would say in such circumstances?” She batted her eyelashes.
Pierre-Ambroise Choderlos de Laclos, Les Liaisons dangereuses|It has become necessary for me to have this woman, so as to save myself from the ridicule of being in love with her: for to what lengths will a man not be driven by thwarted desire?
Mehmet Murat ildan|When you are in trouble, you are the nearest first person who can help you!
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|Also, I am not sure what you are teaching in your classroom, but Seb came home the other week talking about a healthy eating pyramid. I had to explain to him that pyramids are made of stone and therefore not edible, so I would appreciate your not filling his head with these fanciful notions.
Compton Gage|Iniquity shall be increased above that which now thou see, or that thou hast heard long ago.
Neale Donald Walsch|You play to different parts of yourself when you take on various roles. Like, you are your confident self when you're playing this person, and you're your sad self when playing another person - but it's all a part of you somewhere.
Garrett   Dennert|Fictional characters are made of words, not flesh; they do not have free will, they do not exercise volition. They are easily born, and as easily killed off.
Gustave Flaubert|Whether you come from a council estate or a country estate, your success will be determined by your own confidence and fortitude.
Warren Ellis, Doktor Sleepless, Volume 1: Engines of Desire|Love is very important, nurse Igor. Love is a gateway emotion. Without it, you cannot fully comprehend and experience things like... vengeance, for instance. Or terror. Loss. Hate. Hate is all you need. Hate means never having to say you're sorry. You can't hate properly without ever having been in love. Because nothing will teach you hate as well as being in love. You can't understand a place without loving it. And it's the act of loving it that teaches you to hate it, as it chips away at your heart with its daily failures and disappointments.
Rosita Forbes|The red sands of Marrakesh, sprawling at the foot of the Atlas like a wounded Leviathan....
Chris Pavone|But I was going to be a teacher my entire life, so I wasn't counting on money to much.
Flannery O'Connor, The Complete Stories|He and the girl had almost nothing to say to each other. One thing he did say was, 'I ain't got any tattoo on my back.''What you got on it?' the girl said.'My shirt,' Parker said. 'Haw.''Haw, haw,' the girl said politely.
Carroll Bryant|The moment you stop trying to become a better person, is the moment you start to become worse than what you already are.
Arthur Conan Doyle|I'm not a psychopath, I'm a high-functioning sociopath. Do your research.
Darnell Lamont Walker|If you don't sacrifice for what you want, what you want becomes the sacrifice
Aisha Mirza|Sometimes we will love people not for who they are, nor for what we gain from them but what they are. Those people that reflect a light. Those that make it easy to love, make us willing to give, and make us wanting to be in their presence.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Most things are forgotten over time. Even the war itself, the life-and-death struggle people went through is now like something from the distant past. We’re so caught up in our everyday lives that events of the past are no longer in orbit around our minds. There are just too many things we have to think about everyday, too many new things we have to learn. But still, no matter how much time passes, no matter what takes place in the interim, there are some things we can never assign to oblivion, memories we can never rub away. They remain with us forever, like a touchstone.
Mark Hewer|When you do a negative thing, you give a negative impression about yourself to those who watch or get to know you. That is your brand.
Catherynne M. Valente, In the Night Garden|Food is a product of supply and demand, so try to figure out where the supplies are fresh, the suppliers are creative, and the demanders are informed.
@ neuroticdream Tumblr|I am insane, does that surprise you? Ha! I think my mind is crumbling, just like crackers. If I had written five minutes earlier I would have wept, if I had written ten minutes earlier I would have told you to leave me alone, if I wait any longer I won’t write at all.
Amanda Craig, Hearts and Minds|Whenever I hear people clucking about the decline of civilization, what's wrong with young people, how vulgar popular culture is, how confusing and frightening they find the internet, alarms go off. I know I'm around somebody whose hinges are rusting. Death will be bad enough, but for me, this early harbinger is more fearsome, because a part of one's spirit and openness and ability to learn and grow disappears.
Christie Cote, Rain|There is a flaw to your plan.” A sly grin crept onto his face once again. My eyebrow arched at him questioningly. “I live across the street,” he told me; and, without another word, he turned around toward his house and I realized what he meant. I told my problems to a stranger that I would probably see again.
T.R. Johnson|The 8 Snippets feed hungry hearts with love, learning and laughter.
Philippa Gregory, The Red Queen|The one ring road around the airfield is paved, but heavily rutted and potholed. Every few days a street-sweeper makes its way around, polishing the rutted surface with brushes and water.
Shirley Jackson, The Road Through the Wall|One of the many burdens of the person professing Christianity has always been the odium likely to be heaped upon him by fellow Christians quick to smell out, denounce and punish fraud, hypocrisy and general unworthiness among those who assert the faith. In ruder days, disputes about what constituted a fully qualified Christian often led to sordid quarrels in which the disputants tortured, burned and hanged each other in the conviction that torture, burning and hanging were Christian things to do…
Ally Condie, Matched|And even as I'm kissing him and kissing him and kissing him, I wish I were kissing him, wanting more, more, more, more, like I can't get enough, never will be able to get enough.
Alli Condie|At sunset, on the river ban, KrishnaLoved her for the last time and left. . .That night in her husband's arms, Radha feltSo dead that he asked, What is wrong,Do you mind my kisses, love? And she said,Not not at all, but thought, What is It to the corpse if the maggots nip?
David Foster Wallace|[I]f the writer does his job right, what he basically does is remind the reader of how smart the reader is.
C.J. Sansom, Dissolution|Nations, like men, are wary of truth, for truth is too often not beautiful.
Sara Quin|The trigger has been squeezed, the deathly mechanism has been enabled, the fatal course of a bullet has been set. No amount of bleating or praying or wailing of cajoling can halt it or stall it or call it back.
Richelle E. Goodrich|Glittering tinsel,lights, glass balls, and candy canesdangle from pine trees.
Kamand Kojouri|What is life? Life is living in this moment, experiencing and experimenting but experience isn’t life. Life is reflecting and meditating but reflection isn’t life. Life is helping and guiding but philanthropy isn’t life. Life is eating and drinking but food isn’t life. Life is reading and dancing but art isn’t life. Life is kissing and pleasuring but sex isn’t life. Life is winning and losing but competition isn’t life. Life is loving and caring but love isn’t life. Life is birthing and nurturing but children aren’t life. Life is letting go and surrendering but death isn’t life. Life is all these things but all these things aren’t life. Life is always more.
Alain de Botton, The Course of Love|Few in this world are ever simply nasty; those who hurt us are themselves in pain. The appropriate response is hence never cynicism nor aggression but, at the rare moments one can manage it, always love.
K.P. Yohannan, The Road to Reality: Coming Home to Jesus from the Unreal World|All relationships are teleological, are going somewhere.
Brian Selznick, The Invention of Hugo Cabret|Did you ever notice that all machines are made for some reason?" he asked Isabelle. "They are built to make you laugh, like the mouse here, or to tell the time, like clocks, or to fill you with wonder like the automaton. Maybe that's why a broken machine always makes me a little sad, because it isn't able to do what it was made to do." Isabelle picked up the mouse, wound it again, and set it down. "Maybe it's the same with people," Hugo continued. "If you lose your purpose...it's like you're broken.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|During a conversation, listening is as powerful as loving.
Mel Robbins, The 5 Second Rule: Transform Your Life, Work, and Confidence with Everyday Courage|Fools are those who do not understand, every action has an equal and opposite reaction. Take your actions carefully to avoid unwanted results
G-Eazy|I rise to taste the dawn, and find that love alone will shine today.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|That is to say, I pray for you. And there's an intimacy in it. That's the truth.
Abby Niles, Extreme Love|The mind, stretched to new dimensions by images, thoughts and ideas, can never return to its former shape.
Dada Bhagwan|One’ is not a doer in this world. Where he believes that he is the doer, there is ‘charging’ (of karma). When one tastes egoistic pride of, “I did this samayik, I did these activities”, he will ‘charge’ (karma). The taste of egoistic pride is very sweet.
Aysha Taryam|If people's night fears of sorcery - which negatively influences their decision to use mosquito nets - fail to impress the outsider, the brute everyday reality remains; in a number of rural African villages it is still much too common for very real hyenas to snatch people, especially children, out of their own homes as they lie sleeping at night, because of the lack of a good front door.
Kristen Ashley, The Gamble|My friends say I'm a fool to think that you're the one for me, I guess I'm just a sucker for love. (love love) 'Cause honsetly the truth is that you know I'm never leaving, 'cause your my angel sent from above. (bove bove) Me and you can do no wrong. My money is yours give you a lil more 'cause I love ya, love ya. With me girl is where you belong...-Love Me
Alice Walker|Never set limits, go after your dreams, don't be afraid to push the boundaries. And laugh a lot - it's good for you!
Alice Clayton, Wallbanger|I don’t care how old you are, or what background you come from, there are two universal truths. We will always laugh at…gas if it happens at the wrong time, and we are always curious about what goes on in other people’s bedrooms.
pavankumar nagaraj|He hated the blue platter his mother served from, and the salt and pepper shakers, which were glass with red tops, and he hated the silverware designed in flowers, some pieces scratched almost beyond recognition. He even hated the round table and the succession of tablecloths, one pale blue with yellow leaves, one white with red and orange squares. He hated the uncomfortable chairs, particularly his own, where he sat squirming, and he hated his family and the way they talked.
Jackie Castle, Emanate|Ah, young love. I will miss seeing how this unfolds." -DezPierre
Henri Poincare|It is the nature of the self to manifest itself, In every atom slumbers the might of the self.
Franz Kafka, Letters to Milena|Speaking felt impossible, as contained and enclosed as she was, a longing that went on a loop, a longing for nothing at all.
Bob Nelson|A savvy entrepreneur will not always look for investment money, first.
Stephanie Pearl-McPhee, At Knit's End: Meditations for Women Who Knit Too Much|Is it love, obsession, infatuation? You don't know. You think of a strange and beautiful word you read about once, Limerance, a psychological term, meaning an obsessive love, a state that's almost like a drug. Need like a wolf paces the perimeter of your world, back and forth, back and forth, never letting up. ...You're appalled by the new appetites within you, kicking their feet and clawing to get out.
Susan  Marsh, A Hunger for High Country: One Woman's Journey to the Wild in Yellowstone Country|Canoes, too, are unobtrusive; they don't storm the natural world or ride over it, but drift in upon it as a part of its own silence. As you either care about what the land is or not, so do you like or dislike quiet things--sailboats, or rainy green mornings in foreign places, or a grazing herd, or the ruins of old monasteries in the mountains. . . . Chances for being quiet nowadays are limited.
Lori Hatcher|Why Westerners are so obsessed with "saving" Africa, and why this obsession so often goes awry? Western countries should understand that Africa’s development chances and social possibilities remain heavily hindered due to its overall mediocre governance.Africa rising is still possible -- but first Africans need to understand that the power lies not just with the government, but the people. I do believe, that young Africans have the will to "CHANGE" Africa. They must engage their government in a positive manner on issues that matters -- I also realize that too many of the continent’s people are subject to the kinds of governments that favor ruling elites rather than ordinary villagers and townspeople. These kind of behavior trickles down growth.In Zimbabwe Robert Mugabe is the problem.In South Africa the Apartheid did some damage. The country still wrestles with significant racial issues that sometimes leads to the murder of its citizens.In Ethiopia, Somalia and Kenya the world’s worst food crisis is being felt.In Libya the West sends a mixed messages that make the future for Libyans uncertain. In Nigeria oil is the biggest curse. In Liberia corruption had make it very hard for the country to even develop.Westerners should understand that their funding cannot fix the problems in Africa. African problems can be fixed by Africans. Charity gives but does not really transform. Transformation should come from the root, "African leadership." We have a PHD, Bachelors and even Master degree holders but still can't transform knowledge. Knowledge in any society should be the power of transformation. Africa does not need a savior and western funds, what Africa needs is a drive towards ownership of one's destiny. By creating a positive structural system that works for the majority. There should be needs in dealing with corruption, leadership and accountability.
Lynn Kurland, Spellweaver|The very idea of "managing" a forest in the first place is oxymoronic, because a forest is an ecosystem that is by definition self-managing.
Tahereh Mafi, Shatter Me|I want you to try and remember what it was like to have been very young.And particularly the days when you were first in love; when you were like a person sleepwalking, and you didn’t quite see the street you were in, and didn’t quite hear everything that was said to you.You’re just a little bit crazy. Will you remember that, please?
Maya Angelou|Thankfully, dreams can change. If we'd all stuck with our first dream, the world would be overrun with cowboys and princesses.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|All I can say is if one was tea, the other coffee. If one was smoke, the other cigar. There is absolutely nothing in common between them except they both fought to win.
Walt Disney|The beauty of independence, departure, actions that rely on themselves.
Debasish Mridha|Even when I was a very young man,I was looking for the purpose of life; I was looking for happiness all over the world; In fame and in glamour, in wealth and in splendor, not knowing how foolish it was.Happiness is not out there.Happiness is not in wealth or splendor.Happiness is inside me, in my mind, in my thoughts, It is in my perception of the world.
|Only those who seek within, get to discover their true unconditional happiness.
Alison Bechdel|Grief takes many forms, including the absence of grief.
Desmond Tutu|Community is a sign that love is possible in a materialistic world where people so often either ignore or fight each other. It is a sign that we don't need a lot of money to be happy--in fact, the opposite.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|I review what I know once again, confronting the monolith now alien and almost unconnected to me: my marriage.
Michael Bassey Johnson|In entirety, valentine is a FUCKING DAY, rather than the sanctity of its literal meaning.
Matthew Donnelly|The moment that we are aware of our thoughts we are present. It takes no-mind to recognize our thoughts because mind and no-mind can not co-existPresence and Mind can not co-exist. So therefor presence, thought awareness and no-mind are one.
D.L. Hess, Sir: The Awakening|I won’t ask you for anything you aren’t willing to give me,” he croons. “And I promise you’ll enjoy it. Do you want to play?”There’s no question. “Yes. Yes, I do.
André Gide|Know that joy is rarer, more difficult, and more beautiful than sadness. Once you make this all-important discovery, you must embrace joy as a moral obligation.
Bryanna Reid, Ветви Дуба|- If a woman wears short skirt in the company of man it means "I want to fuck", if she talks with a man when she wears short skirt it means "I want to fuck just you".- And if I have no clothes now?- It means that I'm gonna fuck you right now!
Mahatma Gandhi|Seek not greater wealth, but simpler pleasure; not higher fortune, but deeper felicity.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|The plan had three phases: dangerous, really dangerous and insanely dangerous.
Julia Quinn, To Sir Phillip, With Love: The Epilogue II|I can’t help but think that if she was going to kill herself, she might as well have done it earlier. Perhaps when I was a toddler. Or better yet, an infant. It certainly would have made my life easier. I asked my uncle Hugh (who is not really my uncle, but he is married to the stepsister of my current mother’s brother’s wife and he lives quite closeand he’s a vicar) if I would be going to hell for such a thought. He said no, that frankly, it made a lot of sense to him. I do think I prefer his parish to my own.
Jenn McKinlay, Books Can Be Deceiving|My parents, and librarians along the way, taught me about the space between words; about the margins, where so many juicy moments of life and spirit and friendship could be found. In a library, you could find miracles and truth and you might find something that would make you laugh so hard that you get shushed, in the friendliest way. There was sanctuary in a library, there is sanctuary now, from the war, from the storms of our family and our own anxious minds. Libraries are like the mountain, or the meadows behind the goat lady’s house: sacred s
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|What he wanted was not just to hear about Hailsham, but to remember Hailsham, just like it had been his own childhood. He knew he was close to completing and so that's what he was doing: getting me to describe things to him, so they'd really sink in, so that maybe during those sleepless nights, with the drugs and the paint and the exhaustion, the line would blur between what were my memories and what were his.
Tom Brokaw|At the heart of these challenges lies the question of how the institutions of the European Union make laws, the types of laws they pass and the effectiveness with which those laws are implemented on civil society and the economy.
M.K. McDaniel, Nina Beana and the Owenroake Treasure Hunters|Man needs air, man needs water, man needs food and man needs adventure also! Adventure is a medicine for the infinite boredom.
Thomas Bailey Aldrich, Ponkapog Papers, a Sea Turn, and Other Matters|It was like some mad scientist threw a bunch of DNA into a blender and this is what came out. What the heck could it be? Was it some kind of alien? A scientific experiment gone horribly wrong? Did we have a Dr. Frankenstein living in Billings? Seriously, the creature looked like a resurrected Wookiee made from spare parts.
Dana Marton, Deathblow|The chemistry was almost too much. And at the same time, not enough. She simply couldn’t get enough of him, wondered if she ever would. 	When he pulled back and slid into her again, she moaned his name. “Sawyer.” 	Her clit was pulsing, begging to be touched again. Feeling bold, she reached between her legs and started stroking herself as he began thrusting. 	“Oh yeah, touch yourself, sweetheart. Come on my dick,” he rasped out, his voice a bare whisper…
Alan Moore|My thoughts about pornography tend to revolve around the fact that while very few of us are zombies, detectives, cowboys, or spacemen, there are an infinite number of books that are recounting the stories of those lifestyles. However, all of us have some sort of feelings or opinions about sex. And yet the only art form which in any way is able to discuss sex, or depict sex, is this grubby despised under the counter art form, which has absolutely no standards. This was what Lost Girls was intended as a remedy for, that there is no reason why a horny piece of literature, that is purely about sex, could not be as beautiful, as meaningful, and have as absorbing characters as any other piece of fiction.
Ken Cuccinelli|One of the challenges for lawyers can be explaining, first of all, what the legal issue is and, second, its significance. And both of those are important.
Thomas Hughes, Tom Brown at Oxford|Campuses are bubbles, artificial environments that insulate students from the life of the competitive marketplace. The more exact truth is that our campuses offer students the privileges of liberty without the corresponding responsibilities.
Tom Reiss|In the writing of poetry we never know anything for sure. We will never know if we have 'trained' or 'practised' enough. We will never be able to say that we have reached grade eight, or that we have left the grades behind and are now embarked on an advanced training.
Caterina Sforza|Sooner I realized, he doesn't need to be big to be brave, because bravery is the courage found in the heart...
Octavia Butler|There are many young talents in Brazil. There is a lot of hope in Felipe Massa. It is very difficult to judge him in his first year, but by the end of the end we are going to have a better position how he does in Formula One.
Ron Brackin|I should have paid greater attention to my mentor in graduate school, Samuel Huntington, who once explained that Americans never recognize that, in the developing world, the key is not the kind of government — communist, capitalist, democratic, dictatorial — but the degree of government. That absence of government is what we are watching these days, from Libya to Iraq to Syria.(“Why they still hate us, 13 years later,” Washington Post, 09/05/2014)
A Gentlemen|Every second a seeker can start over,For his life's mistakesAre initial draftsAnd not the final version.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse|A girl can still admire, can’t she? Even those who can’t afford to go in the store can still window-shop. Right? Knowing he wasn’t for me didn’t mean I couldn’t covet the merchandise.
Cyril Connolly|Death? Why this fuss about death? Use your imagination, try to visualize a world without death! Death is the essential condition of life, not an evil.
E.B. White, The Elements of Style|If you don't know how to pronounce a word, say it loud!" (William Strunk) ... Why compound ignorance with inaudibility?
Sarah J. Maas, Throne of Glass|But in the end they were not called saints because of the way they died, or because of their visions or wondrous deeds, but because of their extraordinary capacity for love and goodness, which reminded others of the love of God.
Anthony T. Hincks|Dad!" Jesus yelled."Yes, son," God said."That star's light just went out," Jesus told his dad."Yes, I know," God replied."But, why?" Jesus asked."Sometimes, a man can become so self obsessed, that the devil seduces him with wealth, power and other worldly delights," God said."But aren't you worried that he will turn all the stars off?" Jesus now asked his dad.God smiled, "No, because for every star that goes out, I just put up another million or so."Jesus looked back at the night sky and sure enough, there were many more stars now. He smiled.
W.H. Auden, Selected Essays|When your heart truly adores somebody, your mind perceives a halo on that man's head.
N.G. Pomyalovsky, Seminary Sketches|These ordained atheists cultivate their egoism, the source of every atheist's activity, but they defile it and it becomes repulsive whereas the egoism of good atheists is a beautiful principle. They preach raging sermons not because they fear for the eternal damnation of their fold, but because they fear for the eternal damnation of their gold; before every sermon they feel their pockets to see if there's a hole, and if there is, they mend it with a sermon instead of a patch.
Kahlil Gibran|If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were.
Jeb Bush|I won't say that I'm an agnostic, since agnosticism maintains that one cannot know... but I'm not averse to the idea of some intelligence or some organizing force that set up the initial conditions of the universe in such a way that ultimately generated stars, planets and life.
Ken Follett, The Pillars of the Earth|I’m from Texas…the bigger the hair, the closer to God!
Marcel Proust, The Complete Short Stories of Marcel Proust|The sea refreshes our imagination because it does not make us think of human life; yet it rejoices the soul, because, like the soul, it is an infinite and impotent striving, a strength that is ceaselessly broken by falls, an eternal and exquisite lament. The sea thus enchants us like music, which, unlike language, never bears the traces of things, never tells us anything about human beings, but imitates the stirrings of the soul. Sweeping up with the waves of those movements, plunging back with them, the heart thus forgets its own failures and finds solace in an intimate harmony between its own sadness and the sea’s sadness, which merges the sea’s destiny with the destinies of all things.
Richard Branson|It's a wonderful time when you sit down around the table for dinner and discuss life. No matter where you are, it gives the semblance of normalcy to my crazy world.
Eric Ambler, A Coffin for Dimitrios|I am tempted to find reason and justice in the fact that he died as violently and indecently as he lived. But that is too ingenuous a way out. It does not explain Dimitrios; it only apologizes for him. Special sorts of conditions must exist for the creation of the special sort of criminal that he typified...all I do know is that while might is right, while chaos and anarchy masquerade as order and enlightenment, those conditions will obtain.
Robert E.  Lee|They seemed so united that I loved them as one person." Lee wrote of his son and daughter-in-law on his daughter-in-law's death.
Eyden I., Woman's Book: Only For Men|Perhaps as they say in science love is a reaction, and in art, it is a heart, but for me, love is simply you.
Jenny Wingfield, The Homecoming of Samuel Lake|They’d have people out looking for her, and nothing makes grown-ups quite so mad as finding a child safe when they’d been scared silly that they might find that child dead.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|When the weaver bird flies, nobody talks; when the busy bee flies, no one will make comments... But when a human being begins to fly, you begin to hear talks in the town such as "abomination!... where did he get the wings from?". Never mind! Your dreams are your wings, so decide to fly!
Annie Dillard, The Maytrees|Under her high brows, she eyed him straight on and straight across. She had gone to girls' schools, he recalled later. Those girls looked straight at you.
Darren Shan, Birth of a Killer|It is good to be taught humility when we are young. If we do not exeperience pain as children, we will cause pain as adults.
Antonia Perdu|If you keep picking at that scab on your heart, it won't heal.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|13 Simple Ways to Deliver Service Beyond Self1.	Make it Easy for People to Do Business with You.2.	Be an Awesome, Sincere Listener. 3.	Listen to Customers’ Words and tone of voice, body language, and how they feel. Ask questions, listen, and meet them on their level. Explain, guide, educate, assist and do what is necessary to help them get the information they need to fully understand regarding their question or issue.4.	Show Enthusiasm. Greet customers with genuine interest. Give them your best. Think, act, and talk with positive enthusiasm and you will attract positive results. Your attitude is contagious!5.	Identify and Anticipate Needs. Most customer needs are more emotional rather than logical. 6.	Under Promise & Over Deliver. Apply the principle of “Service Beyond Self” . . . give more than expected. Meet and exceed their expectations. If you can’t serve their needs, connect them with whoever can. 7.	Make them Feel Important.Our deepest desire is to feel important. People rarely care how much you know until they know how much you care. Use their names, find ways to compliment them—and be sincere. 8.	Take Responsibility for their Satisfaction.Do whatever is necessary to help them solve their problems. Let them know that if they can’t find answers to their questions to come back to you for help.9.	Treat your TEAM well. Fellow colleagues are your internal customers and need a regular dose of appreciation. Thank them and find ways to let them know how important they are. Treat your colleagues with respect; chances are they will have a higher regard for customers. 10.	Choose an Attitude of Gratitude. Gratitude changes your perspective and helps you appreciate the good rather than simply taking it for granted.11.	Perform, Provide and Follow-Up.Always perform or provide your service in a spirit of excellence and integrity. If you say you’re going to do something—DO IT! There is tremendous value in being a resource for your customer. If you can help them to succeed, they are more likely to help you succeed. 12.	Use Gracious Words. "Thank you, thank you very much.
Debasish Mridha|Be a nonbeliever, but never forget to believe in yourself.
Sogyal Rinpoche, The Tibetan Book of Living and Dying|Devote the mind to confusion and we know only too well, if we´re honest, that it will become a dark master of confusion, adept in its addictions, subtle and perversely supple in its slaveries. Devote it in meditation to the task of freeing itself from illusion, and we will find that, with time, patience, discipline, and the right training, our mind will begin to unknot itself and know its essential bliss and clarity.
Sherri L. King, The Jewel|It had been so long since she had felt the touch of a man. Too long. She had almost forgotten that ripe, heavy throb of attraction and desire that could instantly drug her body and mind more thoroughly than any hard liquor.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|I’m sure you remember our first encounter, the morning in the kitchen in North Carolina, and what a disaster it turned out to be,” Carmine said.“What you don’t know, though, is that as we sat like idiots in that puddle of juice, all I could think about was how beautiful you were. How beautiful you are. You were scared and confused, and I know I wasn’t helping that, but underneath it all you were just beautiful, Haven. You had me the very first time I laid eyes on you. I remember thinking later that morning you were going to complicate my life.” He paused as he laughed to himself. “And complicate it you did. Everything I knew, everything I believed . . . all of it went out the window. You turned me upside down and made me feel again. You saved my life, even though I didn’t realize it needed to be saved. I thought I was fine, that I didn’t need anyone else, but I was wrong, because I do. I need you. Christ, I—”He grasped her chin gently and leaned forward, her eyes drifting closed as their lips came together. His kiss was sweet but there was passion behind it . . . passion she looked forward to feeling for the rest of her life.
Jayson Engay|It's so loud inside my head, with those words I want to say to you.
Peter Benenson|Religion without morality is a superstition and a curse, and morality without religion is impossible.
Molly Ringle, Immortal's Spring|Ah, mate. My soul loves yours. It does. But this lifetime, my body won’t get on board.
G.K. Chesterton|Gratitude is not a virtue I believe in, and to me it seems hypocritical to expect it from a child.
Yannis Karatsioris, The Book of the Forsaken|I tell myself that this is okay, but I realize that I don’t have to. This is what I want. Him. Me. Closer
Shannon L. Alder|If you don’t know what you value in life, then you won’t be able to make any meaningful decisions you can live with in the future.
Mahershala Ali|As I grew steadily more comfortable in the kitchen, I found that, much like gardening, most cooking manages to be agreeably absorbing without being too demanding intellectually. It leaves plenty of mental space for daydreaming and reflection.
Meghan Markle|I'm not a big turkey fan, but my husband loves it. Thanksgiving is his favorite meal.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|As long as we’re breathing, we have a chance to start over and build a stable future.
Duncan Campbell|Unfortunately, preachers who distort God's Word are all too common today. Sometimes this springs from a sincere desire to soften hard hearts, but hearts aren't changed by compromise.
Alin Sav|Sometimes the church isn´t the place where we meet Jesus, it´s the place where we hide ourselves from the world.
Shashi Tharoor|I came from a very loving home, had a happy life with no great aspirations, but going to the seminary changed me. There was a chunk of my childhood missing. Once I'd realised it wasn't for me, I still felt a tremendous pressure to continue for fear of letting everybody down.
Joko Beck|Instead of going out to dinner, buy good food. Cooking at home shows such affection. In a bad economy, it's more important to make yourself feel good.
Agatha Christie, Peril at End House|Poirot," I said. "I have been thinking.""An admirable exercise my friend. Continue it.
David Levithan, Boy Meets Boy|This is what a small victory feels like. It feels like a little surprise and a lot of relief. It makes the past feel lighter and the future seem even lighter than that, if only for a moment. It feels like rightness winning. It feels like possibility.
Malorie Blackman, Checkmate|The Sage's Wish: Like Sun, from the East, may you continue to rise, smile and shine.
Elie Wiesel|Music does not replace words, it gives tone to the words
Pamela Clare, Breaking Point|Look!" She pointed, a smile on her face. "Wild pigs!""They have razor-sharp tusks, so don't try to hug one.
Anthony Carmona|I think it's very important to have a feedback loop, where you're constantly thinking about what you've done and how you could be doing it better. I think that's the single best piece of advice: constantly think about how you could be doing things better and questioning yourself.
Melissa Marr, Wicked Lovely|Percy (to Annabeth): If I was going to pick one person in the world to reattach my head, I'd pick you.Silena: Awww . . . Percy, that is so sweet!Annabeth: Shut up, Silena.
Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life:: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth|In my experience, stress is the cause of all injury and pain.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|A child must have care and attention, but that care and attention need not emanate from a single, permanently present individual. Children are more disturbed by changes of place than by changes in personnel around them, and more distressed by friction and ill-feeling between the adults in their environment than by unfamiliarity.
Randy Alcorn, Money, Possessions and Eternity|If economic catastrophe does come, will it be a time that draws Christians together to share every resource we have, or will it drive us apart to hide in our own basements or mountain retreats, guarding at gunpoint our private stores from others? If we faithfully use our assets for his kingdom now, rather than hoarding them, can't we trust our faithful God to provide for us then?
Richard Adams, Watership Down|You can't call your life your own: and in return you have safety, if it's worth having at the price you pay.
Rowan Speedwell, Illumination|My hands are flowing like sunlight. The shapes and colors are astounding. I don't understand these images that are empowering me. My brush touches the canvas like photons to the earth, and a new world develops, free from my control, yet intrinsically dependent upon me. I am sweating with elation. I have no idea what I am doing, or what it is my hands are trying to see. There is so much strength in this clarity I am overpowered by the independence of it.
Margot Robbie|My family didn't have money to travel, so reading was how I knew about the world. It made me hungry to have more experiences than just what I could possibly experience in Arkansas.
Brian Francis Slattery, Lost Everything|There are no words for so much loss, not right after it happens.
Pablo|I’ve got a question for you… Are you the person who you thought you’d be by now? I know I am not. The fact is that life may not be what you thought it would be by now (If It is, I congratulate you & applaud you) You may feel stuck in a job you don’t like, not making enough money, jobless, or maybe you are in a bad relationship/marriage, or unhappy because you are out of shape…but don’t let that get you down.The key is 2 focus on what you have (Health,Fam,friends etc) instead of what you don’t have. And also in the things that you have done (Finished a Race-College/Got that Diploma/Raise a Family etc) Instead of the things you haven’t done. yetIF where you are now, it’s not where you want to be…know that where you’re going is far more important than where you are now or where you’ve been.Forgive yourself, Accept the current situation & MOVE ON, knowing that from now on you will focus your time & energy on the possibilities & opportunities that lie ahead 4 you in the near future.
Howard Tayler, Resident Mad Scientist|Technically, you don't pay me.And technically, most of what I do is "think."I...rrr. ummm.And when you get right down to it, I'm better at it than you are.-Ennesby & Captain Tagon
Tammara Webber, Easy|Not for the first time, I wonder what it would feel like that, to be so beautiful that you don't even realize people are watching you, to be so confident that you don't even have to worry about being nervous or feeling self-conscious. I've spent what seems like my whole life trying to pretend I'm that way. What would it be like to have it just come naturally?
Brittany Snow|They were marketing me as a teen idol, when the stuff on the record was not what teen idols were doing at the time.
Sam Harris|If faith is what you have to go on, if faith is the link between your beliefs and the world at large, your beliefs are very likely to be wrong. Beliefs can be right or wrong. If you believe you can fly, that belief is only true if indeed you can fly. Somebody who thinks he can fly, and is wrong about it, will eventually discover there's a problem with his view of the world.
Bob Seger|But if each man could have his own house, a large garden to cultivate and healthy surroundings - then, I thought, there will be for them a better opportunity of a happy family life.
Leonardo DiCaprio|I love studying Ancient History and seeing how empires rise and fall, sowing the seeds of their own destruction.
Swati Tyagi|All the luxuries you name I have, still the peace I do not get.One day, my friend called me off, and I get the world to which I belong.
Charlotte Brontë, The Professor|The most classic horror tale of this latter type is the Old Testament story of Job, who becomes human Astro-Turf in a kind of spiritual Superbowl between God and Satan.
Marie de France|Whoever has received knowledgeand eloquence in speech from Godshould not be silent or secretivebut demonstrate it willingly.When a great good is widely heard of,then, and only then, does it bloom,and when that good is praised by man,it has spread its blossoms.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|When you forgive your enemy, you may no longer have one.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|If we could only live on good food like that, he said to her somewhat loudly, we wouldn't have the country full of rotten teeth and rotten guts. Living in a bogswamp, eating cheap food and the streets paved with dust, horsedung and consumptives' spits.
E. Jamie, The Vendetta|They stared at each other, and Alessandro seriously considered turning away from his father’s wishes and just taking this woman and running off somewhere with her. He could imagine being happy with her. He felt free, easy. The feeling was heady. But dangerously so. He could never just toss aside his father’s demands that way, even if he wanted to. There would be too much at stake.
Lynn Coady|I came to know Gore Vidal in the mid-1980s, when I was living in southern Italy, virtually a neighbour, and our friendship lasted until his death in 2012. Needless to say, he was a complicated and often combative man.
Steven Pressfield, Do the Work|Chuck said, “Hey. How many surrealists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?” Cawley looked over at him. “I’ll bite. How many?” “Fish,” Chuck said and let loose a bright bark of a laugh.
Zeena Schreck, Demons of the Flesh: The Complete Guide to Left Hand Path Sex Magic|Zeena Schreck believes that the right-hand path and the left-hand path have traditionally had the same end goal; it is only the method that is different and the fact that adepts on the lefthandpath seek liberation in this life.--About Zeena Schreck by Malin Fitger 'Contemporary notions of Kundalini, its background and role within new Western religiosity,' University of Stockholm, 2004
Amanda Orneck, Shadow of the Owl|We live in a magic time, Kanefionn Stoneweaver. Who is to say that it is not you who create these marvels?
Ali Smith, How to Be Both|You're not alone, there is more to this I know. You can make it out, you will live to tell.
Ian Bogost, Play Anything: The Pleasure of Limits, the Uses of Boredom, and the Secret of Games|When one's craft is rooted in strong relationship, he or she lures the into becoming a part of the show.
Ivan Pavlov|Appetite, craving for food, is a constant and powerful stimulator of the gastric glands.
Whit Stillman|It seems every morning I wake up to face a list of 20 things to do, with time only to do 10, and somehow I always wind up squishing in 30.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|We all can give in to our inner critic. I don’t know about you, but I would never allow anyone to speak to me the way I speak to myself! I wouldn’t be their friend!
Scott Derrickson|Food brings back memories. I had a mom that wasn't a good cook, so I would eat my grandma's food. It was amazing because it brings back a time almost in Technicolor. I see her house, I see her stove; I think about what it felt like when I was sick, and it felt like love.
Judy Collins|I'm not saying that love always takes you to heaven. Your life can become a nightmare. But that said, it is worth taking the risk.
Steve Purcell|Unfortunately, it doesn’t ever really matter what the truth is. Only what they think it is.
David        Cook, Heart of Oak|He had panicked. Tessier cursed his own stupidity. He should have remained in the column where he would have been protected. Instead, he saw an enemy coming for him like a revenant rising from a dark tomb, and had run first instead of thinking.Except this was no longer a French stronghold. The forts had all been captured and surrendered and the glorious revolutionary soldiers had been defeated. If the supply ships had made it through the blockade, Vaubois might still have been able to defend the city, but with no food, limited ammunition and disease rampant, defeat was inevitable.Tessier remembered the gut-wrenching escape from Fort Dominance where villagers spat at him and threw rocks. One man had brought out a pistol and the ball had slapped the air as it passed his face. Another man had chased him with an ancient boar spear and Tessier, exhausted from the fight, had jumped into the water. He had nearly drowned in that cold grey sea, only just managing to cling to a rock whilst the enemy searched the shoreline. The British warship was anchored outside the village, and although Tessier could see men on-board, no one had spotted him. Hours passed by. Then, when he considered it was clear, he swam ashore to hide in the malodorous marshland outside Mġarr. His body shivered violently and his skin was blue and wrinkled like withered fruit, but in the night-dark light he lived. He had crept to a fishing boat, donned a salt-stained boat cloak and rowed out to Malta's monochrome coastline. He had somehow managed to escape capture by abandoning the boat to swim into the harbour. From there it had been easy to climb the city walls and to safety. He had written his account of the marines ambush, the fort’s surrender and his opinion of Chasse, to Vaubois. Tessier wanted Gamble cashiered and Vaubois promised to take his complaint to the senior British officer when he was in a position to. Weeks went past. Months. A burning hunger for revenge changed to a desire for provisions. And until today, Tessier reflected that he would never see Gamble again.Sunlight twinkled on the water, dazzling like a million diamonds scattered across its surface.Tessier loaded his pistol in the shadows where the air was still and cool. He had two of them, a knife and a sword, and, although starving and crippled with stomach cramps, he would fight as he had always done so: with everything he had.
Dave Matthes, Sleepeth Not, the Bastard|She once told me of a night that fumed with escapes and was filled with bedsides reeking of ecstasy; she told me the stars cast not judgments, but blessings, knowing full well the disastrous outcomes of the deeds they cradled with the strings of their young hearts. She’d inhaled the night itself, those around her doing the same, and so all become one. No disharmony. No discordance. Nothing to shatter the cause; nothing to unearth the beauty. So as we together ascended that front porch, allowing the glow behind the blown-out windows and the odious steams plunder us from through the cracks...time forgot to distill us, and our steps became as silver as glass. I could no longer deny the boiling words of my blood: tonight would be the beginning of a very long road indeed.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|The greatest value in the goal process is the skills, the knowledge, the discipline, and the character you develop in pursuit of your goal.
Ariel Seraphino|On his face was an expression of absolute love. Melting, soul-touching, raw, unbridled love, the kind of person dies for, sacrifices and suffers for. It was the kind of love that a person would wait two hundred years to see fulfilled. It was True Love in its purest form.
Good Life Quotes|I didn't change, I just found myself.
Juefan Huihong|The subtleties of the mind cannot be transmitted in words, but can be seen in words.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Due to many cosmic and worldly reasons, we will surely lose our planet one day! Till that dark day comes, let us give our profound affection to our beloved earth!
Andrea Michelle, Escape the Doubt|Before i could utter a word, my listeners had left me long ago.
Karen Russell, The Bog Girl|This is another piece about me cause you don't seem to get what I mean after all those verses split. And after this, I promise you still won't know me. Because you said I was crying for attention. Because you actually meant acceptance. Because I slipped out of your remembrance. Tonight is yours to forget. Erase. Embrace. Embrace, erase.If you remove all my words, I am wasted tears. Swim in me and all around me. Get drunk in my tears. Get drown.Everyone loves you when you are beautiful. Amusing how people get drowned in such shallow water. You are no mermaid, dear. Beauty lies in the eye of the beholder, they say. Hold me, we are all blind. And if you remove all my clothes, I am a graveyard. You don't sin on a deathbed. You don't sin on my skin. Bury your intentions. The end is near. Let me go, return me to the sun. So by night, we may all forget.
Max Porter, Grief is the Thing with Feathers|...we were different boys, we were brave new boys without a Mum. So when he told us what happened I don't know what my brother was thinking but I was thinking this:Where are the fire engines? Where is the noise and clamour of an event like this? Where are the strangers going out of their way to help, screaming, flinging bits of emergency glow-in-the-dark equipment at us to try and settle us and save us?There should be men in helmets speaking a new and dramatic language of crisis. There should be horrible levels of noise, completely foreign and inappropriate for our cosy London flat.
Kenneth J Arrow|It is so true, that the Socialists look upon mankind as a subject for social experiments, that if, by chance, they are not quite certain of the success of these experiments, they will request a portion of mankind, as a subject to experiment upon. It is well known how popular the ideaof trying all systems is, and one of their chiefs has been known seriously to demand of the Constituent Assembly a parish, with all its inhabitants, upon which to make his experiments. It is thus that an inventor will make a small machine before he makes one of the regular size. Thus the chemist sacrifices some substances, the agriculturist some seed and corner of his field, to make trial of an idea. But think of the difference between the gardener and his trees, between the inventor and his machine, between the chemist and his substances, between the agriculturist and his seed! The Socialist thinks, in all sincerity, that there is the same difference between himself and mankind. No wonder the politicians of the nineteenth century look upon society as an artifical production of the legislator's genius. This idea, the result of a classical education, has taken possession of all the thinkers and great writers of our country. To all these persons, the relations between mankind and the legislator appear to be the same as those that exist between the clay and the potter.
Lee Unkrich|In the theater, it's about taking time in a musical segment, a pause in a musical way and then moving on.
George MacDonald|The nearer persons come to each other, the greater is the room and the more are the occasions for courtesy; but just in proportion to their approach the gentleness of most men diminishes.
C. JoyBell C.|Humans are strange things. They have sex with each other; but are too ashamed to say sorry to one another, they see what they have when they've lost what they have; but not while they have it, they are the most proud on the outside during the times they are the most insecure on the inside, and they would rather die manipulating others than be brave enough to be honest. They can't even look in the mirror properly. All they see are their shells in the mirror; nothing else.
Hera Septyadita|Prepare yourself well, so you don't have to regret anything .
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Every time you speak, you are either building up yourself for the better or you are limiting yourself for the worse. Words carry power, therefore before you speak out, speak in... and test your words!
Chinonye J. Chidolue|From all I learned about life, you can’t lose yourself in others to discover yourself. You will get lost forever.
Ian MacKaye|I still haven't found the humor in getting hit by a cement truck. My knees still hurt when I think about it, so no jokes about that yet.
Jillian Mayer|The act is unjustifiable that either begs for a blessing, or, having succeeded gives no thanksgiving.
Deanie Humphrys-Dunne, Charlie the Horse|I want to be the best race horse around when I grow up, Mama.You can be, Charlie, as long as you are willing to try your best and not give up when you have a bad day.
T.T. Escurel, The House of Rose|And because God's love is uncoercive and treasures our freedom - if above all he wants us to love him, then we must be left free not to love him - we are free to resist it, deny it, crucify it finally, which we do again and again. This is our terrible freedom, which love refuses to overpower so that, in this, the greatest of all powers, God's power, is itself powerless.
Samanthe Beck, Compromising Her Position|I like to play dirty. I can also be very, very exacting.” Rate St. Sebastian.
Eden Phillpotts, Saurus|When I die, bury me with a few garden tools, I shall make a garden in the heaven too.
George Orwell, 1984|The words kept coming back to him, statement of a mystical truth and a palpable absurdity.
Paul karan|The egotist in the absolute sense is not the man who sacrifices others. He is the man who stands above the need of using others in any manner. He does not function through them. He is not concerned with them in any primary matter. Not in his aim, not in his motive, not in his thinking, not in his desires, not in the source of his energy. He does not exist for any other man—and he asks no other man to exist for him.
Izzeldin Abuelaish|The thing is, you cannot ask people to coexist by having one side bow their heads and rely on a solution that is only good for the other side. What you can do is stop blaming each other and engage in dialogue with one person at a time. Everyone knows that violence begets violence and breeds more hatred. We need to find our way together. I feel I cannot rely on the various spokespersons who claim they act on my behalf. Invariably they have some agenda that doesn't work for me. Instead, I talk to my patients, to my neighbors and colleagues--Jews, Arabs--and I find out they feel as I do: we are more similar than we are different, and we are all fed up with the violence.
Celia Hammond|I was raised in a strict Southern household in Lexington, South Carolina, and I remember sneaking off to watch 'Pet Cemetery' as a kid. After seeing those animals reincarnate, I screamed and couldn't sleep for weeks, but watched it again and again.
Eagle Chief Letakos-Lesa Pawnee|If it weren't for the animals waiting for her, she wouldn't bother getting out of bed. Then, room service was a little lacking when you lived alone.
Elona Washington, From Ivy League To Stripper Life: 10 Lessons Learned|Every major life decision I made came from my pain, guilt and shame...even down to the man I chose for a husband.
Marceline Loridan-Ivens, But You Did Not Come Back|I don't really wanna know what makes you leave, or when you'll be back.I just wanna know what will make me cry at your arrival.
Robert Adams|My mom always talks about how hard it was to grow up in a political family. It's always split up, and just - I want to have fun in life. No, politics isn't on the list.
Ryan Lilly, #Networking is people looking for people looking for people|In this value driven and ‘connection economy’, skills & talents alone are dime-a-dozen, you need to be able to add value to others and build great connections
Nikki Rowe|She had something more than material value ~ she had a soul, no money could buy.
Robert Charles Wilson, Spin|I particularly value conversations which are meetings on the borderline of what I understand and what I don't, with people who are different from myself.
Dorothy West, The Wedding|If a nation succeeds in making her people strong in virtues, then the nation is rich already.
Melissa de la Cruz, Misguided Angel|Schuyler put a gentle hand on Abbadon's feathered extensions, feeling the majestic power underneath their silky weight. She had been frightened once, to see him in this light, but now that she saw his terrifying face, she found it beautiful.
Gyan Nagpal, Talent Economics: The Fine Line Between Winning and Losing the Global War for Talent|if ethics is not the engine of success, in the train of growth, it sure is a guard, with a flag, which may be green, or at times red
Nell Freudenberger, The Dissident|... you sometimes had to force people to say things they would rather not articulate, just so they could hear their own words. It was interesting the way people could know things and not know them at the same time. Denial, he said, was like a thick stone wall.
Zora Neale Hurston|If you are silent about your pain, they’ll kill you and say you enjoyed it.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Onyx|You hold in your hands my heart, my soul, and my very being. You are already the Queen of my heart, my love, my true love, my only love.”- Kian, Frost Kisses
Michael Shermer, Why People Believe Weird Things: Pseudoscience, Superstition, and Other Confusions of Our Time|It doesn't have to be dreads. You can wear an Afro, or braids like you used to. There's a lot you can do with natural hair
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|It seems likely to me now that the very element in my character that took possession of me there on top of that mountain, the fierce independence that was suddenly mine, to remain inside me no matter how it scared me when I tumbled, was an inheritance. Indeed it was my chief inheritance from my mother, who was braver. Yet, while she knew that independent spirit so well, it was what she agonizingly tried to protect me from, in effort to warn me against. It was what she shared, it made the strongest bond between us and the strongest tension. To grow up is to fight for it, to grow old is to lose it after having possessed it.
Robert A. Caro, Master of the Senate|With Johnson, you never quite knew if he was out to lift your heart or your wallet. Roy Wilkins
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, Every Other Day|Hello?” I peered into the shadows.Two green circles flashed in the dark. I yelped, jumping backward and pressing myself against the wall.“And may I wish a very good morning to you, too, October.” The voice was amused, underscored by a chuckle like thick cream. “What happened? Did the prettiest little princess miss her carriage home?
David Sarnoff|Father's Day was great, but all the family gatherings brought up my mother's death. Maybe it's me, because I am a wimp. We would get together, but there was someone missing!
Michael Hyatt, Living Forward: A Proven Plan to Stop Drifting and Get the Life You Want|You can’t change the past, but all of us have the power to change the future.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|But miracles still happen, even if we don't think they do.
M.F. Moonzajer|How you can argue with those who whip, stone and murder people because they wanted to live their life?
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|One feature of the usual script for plague: the disease invariably comes from somewhere else. The names for syphilis, when it began its epidemic sweep through Europe in the last decade of the fifteenth century are an exemplary illustration of the need to make a dreaded disease foreign. It was the "French pox" to the English, morbus Germanicus to the Parisians, the Naples sickness to the Florentines, the Chinese disease to the Japanese. But what may seem like a joke about the inevitability of chauvinism reveals a more important truth: that there is a link between imagining disease and imagining foreignness.
Robert T. Weston|And why not?' the merchant replied seriously. 'Why not have doubts? It's nothing but a human and good thing'.'What?''Doubt. Only an evil man, master Geralt, is without it. And no one escapes his destiny'.
Roald Dahl|I grew up in the Cayman Islands. I didn't play video games or watch TV. I would basically come home from school, throw down my backpack, grab my machete, and go hike and chop down trees to make a fort.
Jonathan Levine|We need to make more original movies, and audiences would do well to support original movies for the future of the medium.
James P. Hogan|A physicist that I know commented that many other scientific disciplines, such as geology, anthropology, astronomy, are also challenged by biblical fundamentalism, but their people seem to be able to get on with their work without worrying unduly. Only Darwinians seem thrown into a frenzy that sends them running to litigation and demanding censorship. His explanation was that it's a rival religion.
Rebecca West|No...he lives to create art, but he loves to murder.
C.S. Lewis, The Silver Chair|And the worst thing about it was that you began to feel as if you had always lived on that ship, in that darkness, and to wonder whether sun and blue skies and wind and birds had not been only a dream.
Kathy MacMillan, Sword and Verse|The cure for anything is salt water. Sweat, tears, or the ocean.
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|After so many years even the fire of passion dies, and with it what was believed the light of the truth. Who of us is able to say now whether Hector or Achilles was right, Agamemnon or Priam, when they fought over the beauty of a woman who is now dust and ashes?
Fakeer Ishavardas|After you die, a rare friend or family member may carry your memory throughout life. Most will forget you. As if you were never here.
Nursultan Nazarbayev|Canada has made a strong commitment as a partner in the International Space Station and, like the other partners, wishes to see the assembly of this unique orbiting laboratory continue.
Dorothy Hamill|Lidia Bastianich, sorry, but kind of boring. I mean, I love Lidia, but you can fall asleep watching her. And Mario Batali? I love Mario to death... but he's not romantic or sensual. Those are the things I bring to the table.
Trinh T. Minh-ha, Woman, Native, Other: Writing Postcoloniality and Feminism|Neither black/red/yellow nor woman but poet or writer. For many of us, the question of priorities remains a crucial issue. Being merely "a writer" without a doubt ensures one a status of far greater weight than being "a woman of color who writes" ever does. Imputing race or sex to the creative act has long been a means by which the literary establishment cheapens and discredits the achievements of non-mainstream women writers. She who "happens to be" a (non-white) Third World member, a woman, and a writer is bound to go through the ordeal of exposing her work to the abuse and praises and criticisms that either ignore, dispense with, or overemphasize her racial and sexual attributes. Yet the time has passed when she can confidently identify herself with a profession or artistic vocation without questioning and relating it to her color-woman condition.
Herman Melville|Of all the preposterous assumptions of humanity over humanity, nothing exceeds most of the criticisms made on the habits of the poor by the well-housed, well- warmed, and well-fed.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Consistency builds trust, confidence builds character.
Edward Heath|We didn't ever want 'Tarzan' to feel like he was just a man. We didn't want him to stand up straight or wave good-bye. We wanted to make sure he always had that piece of gorilla in him, that he always had an animal attitude about him.
Maimonides|If age someday grounds my feet and wilts my port de bras, what vestige of the old life will be left? The signs that I was a dancer will gradually fade like stripes on a beach towel. Even my knowledge of the art form, reaped in sweat over decades, could be lost over time.
Adam Smith|Many who have had an opportunity of knowing any more about mathematics confuse it with arithmetic, and consider it an arid science. In reality, however, it is a science which requires a great amount of imagination.
Robert Kiyosaki|Priesthood lessons are regularly devoted to topics of family leadership, and quorum leaders everywhere are feeling more and more their responsibility to teach and train their quorum members to be better husbands and fathers.
Amit  Chatterjee|If slavery persists as an issue in the political life of black America, it is not because of an antiquarian obsession with bygone days or the burden of a too-long memory, but because black lives are still imperiled and devalued by a racial calculus and a political arithmetic that were entrenched centuries ago. This is the afterlife of slavery--skewed life chances, limited access to health and education, premature death, incarceration, and impoverishment.
Nova Ren Suma, Here We Are: Feminism for the Real World|It's not a silly pursuit to read beyond what's handed to you, to seek out new voices and leap over the usual books everyone's already talking about and see what you can find on your own.Making definitive choices about what we spend our time on as readers can make a statement, a difference. We can lift other writers up, give space and attention to more voices than the ones that already have all the space and attention.There is power in what we choose to consume as readers, and there is power in what we choose to amplify, celebrate, and share.
Michelle Alexander, The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness|In the savage horde the most vagabond, as well as in the most civilized nations of Europe, man is only what he is made to be by external circumstances; he is necessarily elevated by his equals; he contracts from them his habits and his wants; his ideas are no longer his own; he enjoys, from the enviable prerogative of his species, a capacity of developing his understanding bu the power of initiation, and the influence of society.
Pooja Ruprell|If today is the last day of your life, the one thing you want to say is that you showed up for life. You showed up for your dreams. You showed up for the people who mattered to you. And above all, you showed up for yourself.
Mak Kopolo|ពេលខ្លះអ្នកមានគំនិតផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នក តែអ្នកមិនអាចអនុវត្តន៍វាបានដោយសារអ្នកគ្មានអំណាច។-ដែលទី១ គ្មានអំណាចយកឈ្នះលើខ្លួនឯង (ជាចំនុចចាប់ផ្តើមដែលមនុស្សតែងតែបរាជ័យ ហើយក៏ជាចំនុចទីមួយដែលនាំទៅរកជោគជ័យដែរ)-ទី២ គ្មានអំណាចនៃការចូលរួមពីមជ្ឈដ្ឋានខាងក្រៅដែលពាក់ព័ន្ធ (អាស្រ័យលើការកំណត់គោលដៅរបស់អ្នក)។-----------------------------------------------------Sometimes you have your own ideas, but you cannot practice it because of you have no Power.- First, To overcome yourself (as a starting point that people always fail, and also the beginning point of success too)-Second, You have no Power of the participation of the relevant external environment
Julian Jaynes|Subjective conscious mind is an analog of what is called the real world. It is built up with a vocabulary or lexical field whose terms are all metaphors or analogs of behavior in the physical world…concrete metaphors increase enormously our powers of perception of the world about us and our understanding of it, and literally create new objects.
Joseph J. Ellis, The Quartet: Orchestrating the Second American Revolution, 1783-1789|I want to know what it feels like to kiss a guy. And you've had a lot of practice, so I know you're a good kisser.Are you simultaneously complimenting me and calling me a whore?
Omari Hardwick|Poetry has, in a way, been my bridge to my acting career.
Tyler Edwards|When we neglect our Bible study we often feel guilty. When you skip a meal do you feel guilty? No, you feel hungry. The Bible is food for our soul. When we fail to read it we should not feel guilty, we should feel hungry. Guilt is fueled by obligation hunger is fueled by desire.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Space Chronicles: Facing the Ultimate Frontier|It's okay if there isn't a God anymore, but I still want to respect something. I don't want to be the center of my own universe,
Billy Joel|I am no longer afraid of becoming lost, because the journey back always reveals something new, and that is ultimately good for the artist.
Joseph B. Wirthlin|Unless you are willing to compromise, society cannot live together.
Henry Johnson Jr|The height of humanity should give birth to greater good. We should be in desperation of "CHANGE" but not in spawning evil, because by doing so, humanity remains shackled.
Lev Grossman, The Magician King|Misperceiving that there is one correct choice is a common mistake. Coming to understand that there are usually a few good choices--and then there's the one you pick, commit to, and make great--is the best way to make flexible, optimal, good decisions in life.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|If a man can bridge the gap between life and death,if he can live after he's died, then maybe he was a great man. Immortality is the only true success.
Jay Woodman|... as we travel again between life and death, Waking and dream, blinking, while layers within layers,None better, none worse, unravel and knit up before us . . .
Sam Harris|I think people's perception of a rich girl is literal, but metaphorically I embrace it as being rich in love, spirit, joy and religion. So it's not about money.
Aesop, Aesop's Fables|Betray a friend, and you'll often find you have ruined yourself.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|Why can't we simply borrow what is useful to us from Buddhism, Hinduism, Taoism, especially Zen, as we borrow from Christianity, science, American Indian traditions and world literature in general, including philosophy, and let the rest go hang? Borrow what we need but rely principally upon our own senses, common sense and daily living experience.
Brianna Wiest|Today may be your last chance to be you, someone you forgot to completely immerse yourself in because you were too worried about the details. The details that, no matter how many times you thought them through, brought you no closer to understanding. They just tied up your mind and prevented you from really letting in the things you love. Your demon that is standing before the beautiful floodgate and is keeping you in a dehydrated nothingness.Give him permission to walk away. He is not your keeper. You are his.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|But nothing will help quite so much as just keeping quiet, talking with other people as little as possible, with yourself as much as possible. For conversation has a kind of charm about it, an insinuating and insidious something that elicits secrets from us just like love or liquor. Nobody will keep the things he hears to himself, and nobody will repeat just what he hears and no more. Neither will anyone who has failed to keep a story to himself keep the name of his informant to himself. Every person without exception has someone to whom he confides everything that is confided to himself. Even supposing he puts some guard in his garrulous tongue and is content with a single pair of ears, he will still be the creator of a host of later listeners – such is the way in which what was but a little while before a secret becomes common rumor.
Victor Davis Hanson, Carnage and Culture: Landmark Battles in the Rise of Western Power|Because we live in a democracy, and the people can't govern themselves well if they don't know the truth about the world we live in. What if our rich citizens never hear of the poverty and suffering of the rest of the city? Why should they ever give to charity or vote for reform?
Doris Day|I don't live for the accolades. I'm more so about the music. Making it, and putting it out. Those are the two best feelings.
James Henry Breasted, The Edwin Smith Surgical Papyrus, Vol 1: Hieroglyphic Transliteration, Translation and Commentary|The seat of consciousness and intelligence was from the earliest times regarded by the Egyptians as both the heart and the bowels or abdomen. Our surgeon, however, has observed the fact that injuries to the brain affect other parts of the body, especially in his experience the lower limbs. He notes the drag or shuffle of one foot, presumably the partial paralysis resulting from a cranial wound, and the ancient commentator carefully explains the meaning of the obsolete word used for "shuffle.
George Carlin, When Will Jesus Bring The Pork Chops?|Here's all you have to know about men and women: women are crazy, men are stupid. And the main reason women are crazy is that men are stupid.
Greg King|Many in America, as one social historian wrote, 'believed implicitly that New York's social leaders went to bed in full evening dress, brushed their teeth in vintage champagne, married their daughters without exception to shady French counts, and arrayed their poodle dogs in diamond tiaras.'...
Lindsay McKenna, Wind River Wrangler|She looked over at him, her eyes warm. “Your face has a story to tell.”	Mouth quirking, Roan growled, “It’s a top-secret face, Darlin’.
Richard Paul Evans|Everyone wants to feel loved, but when all you feel is alone it's tough to accomplish anything else.
Steve Jobs|I think the world’s a better place because Bill realized that his goal isn’t to be the richest guy in the cemetery, right?
Bar Refaeli|Air travel survived decades of terrorism, including attacks which resulted in the deaths of everyone on the plane. It survived 9/11. It'll survive the next successful attack. The only real worry is that we'll scare ourselves into making air travel so onerous that we won't fly anymore.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our lives are to be characterized by patience, for it is important in developing the mature, stable character which God wants to produce in His people.
Hope Collier, Haven|That's the thing about trust. It's like broken glass. You can put it back together, but the cracks are always visible--like scars that never fully heal.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|When the woman you live with is an artist, every day is a surprise. Clare has turned the second bedroom into a wonder cabinet, full of small sculptures and drawings pinned up on every inch of wall space. There are coils of wire and rolls of paper tucked into shelves and drawers. The sculptures remind me of kites, or model airplanes. I say this to Clare one evening, standing in the doorway of her studio in my suit and tie, home from work, about to begin making dinner, and she throws one at me; it flies surprisingly well, and soon we are standing at opposite ends of the hall, tossing tiny sculptures at each other, testing their aerodynamics. The next day I come home to find that Clare has created a flock of paper and wire birds, which are hanging from the ceiling in the living room. A week later our bedroom windows are full of abstract blue translucent shapes that the sun throws across the room onto the walls, making a sky for the bird shapes Clare has painted there. It's beautiful. The next evening I'm standing in the doorway of Clare's studio, watching her finish drawing a thicket of black lines around a little red bird. Suddenly I see Clare, in her small room, closed in by all her stuff, and I realize that she's trying to say something, and I know what I have to do.
Billie Joe Armstrong|As a result of Title IX, and a new generation of parents who want their daughters to have the opportunities they never had, women's sports have arrived.
Dean Koontz, Cold Fire|A high degree of intelligence yes in no other creature in the natural world. That's why nature shuns us and why we subconsciously hate her and seek to obliterate her. High intelligence leads to the concept of progress. Progress leads to nuclear weapons, bio-engineering chaos and ultimately to annihilation.
Mark Kurlansky, 1968: The Year That Rocked the World|Gen. de Gaulle is only concerned about history, and no jury can dictate the judgment of history." Georges Pompidou
Jean Lorrain|You see, the strangeness of my case is that now I no longer fear the invisible, I’m terrified by reality.
Katie MacAlister, Playing With Fire|You want to …?” His other eye popped open as I started to slide down his body, intent on exploring that part of him which had given me so much pleasure. He grabbed me before I was able to move four inches. I looked up, worried that I had done something wrong. A familiar strained, tense look was on his face, his eyes screwed up tight. I looked down at his penis. It was no longer in a resting state. “I thought you were sated?”I was. Until you went and mentioned doing that to me. No! Don’t touch me there, woman! For the love of – grk!”A half hour later, Gabriel, his arm wrapped around me because my legs were unusually weak, hustled me toward the house with a grim look on his
Anonymous, The Qur'an / القرآن الكريم|When the world is itself draped in the mantle of night, the mirror of the mind is like the sky in which thoughts twinkle like stars.
Anne Rice, The Queen of the Damned|I don't think that incident necessarily defines you as bad. I think it makes you human. And I believe you would have stopped yourself. I think that's what makes a person good. Not that you make mistakes, but that you recognize them. You feel remorse for them. You want to correct them and do better.
Pierce Brosnan|I would love to get married, first of all, from my children's perspective. People don't think of children when they think of gay marriage, but I do have children, and for them to see their family validated as other families are validated and protected by our government, yes.
Kirsten Siggins, The Power of Curiosity: How to Have Real Conversations that create Collaboration, Innovation and Understanding|The health of your future kids does not start with their birth—it starts with you, right now, well before you plan to impregnate your wife.
Frank Wanderer|You must not forget that when you think of yourself as special–you really are–you should think of the other people in a similar way. Everybody is special you meet during your life, everyone who has lived and lives on Earth.
A.P.J. Abdul Kalam|He knew very well that the great majority of human conversation is meaningless. A man can get through most of his days on stock answers to stock questions, he thought. Once he catches onto the game, he can manage with an assortment of grunts. This would not be so if people listened to each other, but they don't. They know that no one is going to say anything moving and important to them at that very moment. Anything important will be announced in the newspapers and reprinted for those who missed it. No one really wants to know how his neighbor is feeling, but he asks him anyway, because it is polite, and because he knows that his neighbor certainly will not tell him how he feels. What this woman and I say to each other is not important. It is the simple making of sounds that pleases us.
Meredith Marple, The Year Mrs. Cooper Got Out More: A Great Wharf Novel|You must always conduct your business with a clear mind, free of personal issues. Until you learn this simple fact, you'll never get anything out of life. -Moses Luzzatto
Michael Carter, Kingfisher's Song: Memories Against Civilization|And, sure, fine, I do check my phone about every two minutes, but so do a lot of people, and it's better than smoking, that's what I say. It's the new, lung-safe cigarette.
Karen Abbott, American Rose: A Nation Laid Bare: The Life and Times of Gypsy Rose Lee|But it also had many large posters with messages of a more peaceful nature. These extolled the country’s economic achievement since the Cultural Revolution, which was supposed to have liberated the forces of production and increased productivity. Of course, the Cultural Revolution had done just the opposite. Official lies like this, habitually indulged in and frequently displayed by the authorities, served no purpose except to create the impression that truth was unimportant. Pg. 400
Gideon Haigh|The train resembles the Soviet type and is quite comfortable, but all socialist structures I have ever encountered have toilets stemming from a single model engineered by the Orthodox Church in Tsarist Russia to ensure that man never be allowed to forget the corruption of the flesh.
Yukio Mishima, The Temple of the Golden Pavilion|Life wants you to know that feelings are more important than facts, and you should never hurt someone just to be right.
Ruta Sepetys, Out of the Easy|They got everything money can buy, their bank accounts are fat, but they ain't happy. They ain't ever gonna be happy. You know why? They soul broke. And money can't fix that, no sir.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Even suffering when wrapped in love, seems tolerable.
Eminem|Pop culture is a reflection of social change, not a cause of social change.
Sheikh Hasina|I am concerned about the whole man. I am concerned about what the people, using their government as an instrument and a tool, can do toward building the whole man, which will mean a better society and a better world.
Carrie Underwood|People are always asking for the latest developments in the unification of this theory with that theory, and they don't give us a chance to tell them anything about one of the theories that we know pretty well. They always want to know things that we don't know.
Gordon Ramsay|'Back To Love' is a way of letting people know that sometimes you get caught up in trying to be successful in school or in your social life, and it's a reminder not to forget that each day people are getting older. Nobody is promised tomorrow, so we should make sure that we spend quality time with quality people.
Elisabeth Elliot, Discipline: The Glad Surrender|He who had known the ceaseless worship of angels came to be a slave to men. Preaching, teaching, healing the sick, and raising the dead were parts of his ministry, of course, and the parts we might consider ourselves willing to do for God if that is what He asked. He could be seen to be God in those. But Jesus also walked miles in dusty heat. He healed, and people forgot to thank Him. He was pressed and harried by mobs of exigent people, got tired and hungry, was "tailed" and watched and pounced upon by suspicious, jealous, self-righteous religious leaders, and in the end was flogged and spat on and stripped and had nails hammered through His hands. He relinquished the right (or the honour) of being publicly treated as equal with God.
Virginia Woolf|Second hand books are wild books, homeless books; they have come together in vast flocks of variegated feather, and have a charm which the domesticated volumes of the library lack.
George Carlin|This is a lttle prayer dedicated to the separation of church and state. I guess if they are going to force those kids to pray in schools they might as well have a nice prayer like this: Our Father who art in heaven, and to the republic for which it stands, thy kingdom come, one nation indivisible as in heaven, give us this day as we forgive those who so proudly we hail. Crown thy good into temptation but deliver us from the twilight's last gleaming. Amen and Awomen. 
Michael Vick|I always go in very emotionally when I'm doing music. Sad or happy, I'm always into it. I have a hard time writing for other people, writing with someone else in mind.
Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving|This world can be quite wonderful once you let yourself be a part of it. It’s on your side, you know?
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|I tried to bring up boyfriends and sex. Her great dark eyes surveyed me with emptiness and a kind of chagrin that reached back generations and generations in her blood from not having done what was crying to be done--whatever it was, and everybody knows what it was.
Joss Stirling, Seeking Crystal|I leaned back to look at her, seeing only her, this girl who was Ally but also Alona, and who bore a resemblance to a friend i'd once had but was someone new. Someone i could live without, but didn't want to
Avina Celeste|Yoga is the best tool for international peace, health, harmony and human dignity.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|But my anger was a slippery thing, like a fish I was trying to keep hold of, and it wiggled out of my grasp.
Jodi Picoult, Vanishing Acts|But my father, a thief in many ways, had robbed me of my concentration.
Jimmy Dean|Everything must be recaptured and relocated in the general framework of history, so that despite the difficulties, the fundamental paradoxes and contradictions, we may respect the unity of history which is also the unity of life.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When everything looks unusual around you, your eyes and your mind mostly need anything usual! Unfamiliar disturbs us; familiar comforts us! But for the wise man, unusual is more precious than the usual because it offers us a new way, a new vision, a new idea, a new world!
Roshan Sharma|Practice creates more connections among the neurons, which push you a little further towards perfection.
Andrei Tarkovsky|The more in harmony with yourself you are, the more joyful you are and the more faithful you are. Faith is not to disconnect you from reality - it connects you to reality.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|When somebody you love dies, a phase of life’s innocence dies with that person, and a part of you dies as well.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as parmanus (subatomic particles) match, there is oneness, and then it turns into revenge (vengeance). Wherever there is infatuation, there will indeed be revenge there.
Anthony Hopkins|As a child, I had to get up early for school or work. I'd get ready by myself. I'd set my alarm to wake me up very early in the morning, and be off to work, the family driver driving me every morning. I did it alone, my parents never coming in to wake me up.
Morrie Schwartz|Excess of grief for the dead is madness; for it is an injury to the living, and the dead know it not.
Ann Leckie, Ancillary Mercy|...Changelessness is decay.""A paradox. There is no decay without a change for the worse.""Changelessness is a change for the worse...
April Genevieve Tucholke, Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea|Sunshine, if I ever disappear, please tell people that I ran after the Devil, trying to get my soul back.
Colleen Houck|For many, love is a two-sided coin. It can strengthen or stifle, expand or enfeeble, perfect or pauperize. When love is returned, we soar. We are taken to heights unseen, where it delights, invigorates, and beautifies. When love is spurned, we feel crippled, disconsolate, and bereaved. Polish the coin and you will see only requited love on both sides. I was destined to love you and I will belong to you forever.
Bob Dylan, Lyrics, 1962-1985|She's got everything she needs; she's an artist, she don't look back.
Tairrie B.|I strike terror among men, I can't be bothered by what they think.
Dada Bhagwan|If there is true ‘Selfishness,’ then there is ‘liberation of the Self’, and that indeed is one’s own form (the Self).
Jared Brock, A Year of Living Prayerfully: How a Curious Traveler Met the Pope, Walked on Coals, Danced with Rabbis, and Revived His Prayer Life|Prayer is meant to happen everywhere. After all, Daniel prayed in the lion’s den. Jonah prayed in a fish’s stomach. Elijah prayed in the desert. And Jesus prayed on the cross.
Gia Coppola|It's hard to tell what an entire series is going to be based on the first few episodes, or even on the first season. And it's sad because you see great casts and good ideas that don't get that opportunity to grow and show what it could turn into.
Berenice Abbott|The first memory I have in the world is of death and tears. That is how I would mark the beginning of my life: the way people mark the end of one. My family had gathered at Papa Joe's house because Mam' Grace was slipping away, only I didn't register it that way. For some reason I thought that it was her birthday.
Wafaa Nowaihed|الوقت لا يلئم الجراح، بل الحبtime does not heal wounds, love does
Dauglas Dauglas, Roses in the Rainbow|In addition, historical interpretations of this period in China have been shaped by Karl Marx's writings on this subject. Despite his anti-imperialist stance, Marx often uses racist expressions, such as "barbarous"and "hereditary stupidity," to describe Chinese culture and people.
Nadine Gordimer, The Ultimate Safari|Every morning, when people are getting up in the tent, the babies are crying, people are pushing each other at the taps outside and some children are already pulling the crusts of porridge off the pots we ate from last night, my first-born brother and I clean our shoes. Our grandmother makes us sit on our mats with our legs straight out so she can look carefully at our shoes to make sure we have done it properly. No other children in the tent have real school shoes. When we three look at them it’s as if we are in a real house again, with no war, no away.
Ed Catmull, Creativity, Inc.: Overcoming the Unseen Forces That Stand in the Way of True Inspiration|From a very early age, the message is drilled into our heads: Failure is bad; failure means you didn’t study or prepare; failure means you slacked off or—worse!—aren’t smart enough to begin with. Thus, failure is something to be ashamed of.
Nelson Rodrigues|Anna would like you, he thinks, looking into her face. Anna would like you.
Kristiane Backer, From MTV to Mecca: How Islam Inspired My Life|The truth, however, is that most Muslims appear to be "fundamental-ist" in the Western sense of the word—in that even "moderate"approaches to Islam generally consider the Koran to be the literal andinerrant word of the one true God. The difference between funda-mentalists and moderates—and certainly the difference between all"extremists" and moderates—is the degree to which they see politicaland military action to be intrinsic to the practice of their faith. In anycase, people who believe that Islam must inform every dimension ofhuman existence, including politics and law, are now generally callednot "fundamentalists" or "extremists" but, rather, "Islamists.
Christian Lous Lange|In the world of words, the imagination is one of the forces of nature.
Jonathan Glover|Those who actually dropped the bombs were less responsible than the people who took the decisions higher up the chain of command. In modern technological war, psychological responses are poorly correlated with degrees of responsibility. In people further back up the chain, this casual distance reduces the psychological resistance they have to overcome.
Suzanne Berne, The Dogs of Littlefield|Good tennis players are those who beat other tennis players, and a good shot during play is one the opponent can't return. But that's not a truth about life or excellence -- it's a truth about tennis. We've created an artificial structure in which one person can't succeed without doing so at someone else's expense, and then we accuse anyone who prefers other kinds of activities of being naive because "there can be only one best -- you're it or you're not," as the teacher who delivered that much-admired you're-not-special commencement speech declared. You see the sleight of hand here? The question isn't whether everyone playing a competitive game can win or whether every student can be above average. Of course they can't. The question that we're discouraged from asking is why our games are competitive -- or our students are compulsively ranked against one another -- in the first place.
Karen Blixen|When you have a great and difficult task, something perhaps almost impossible, if you only work a little at a time, every day a little, suddenly the work will finish itself.
C. JoyBell C.|I was free, free from all the distress and angst i felt before. Her red string of fate was tied to someone else and my thread was broken.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With positive attitude, you can graciously overcome every adversity.
Clifford Cohen|If you can’t be brave in the face of adversity, at least be practical.
Lee Brice|Looking up and out, how can we not respect this ever-vigilant cognizance that distinguishes us: the capability to envision, to dream, and to invent? the ability to ponder ourselves? and be aware of our existence on the outer arm of a spiral galaxy in an immeasurable ocean of stars? Cognizance is our crest.
Charlotte Brontë, Poems by Currer, Ellis, and Acton Bell|Pulling through is what people do around here. There is a kind of bravery in their lives that isn’t bravery at all. It is automatic, unflinching, a mix of man and machine, consuming and unquestionable obligation meeting illness move for move in a giant even-steven game of chess – an unending round of something that looks like shadowboxing, though between love and death, which is the shadow? “Everyone admires us for our courage,” says one man. “They have no idea what they’re talking about.”“Courage requires options,” the man adds.“There are options,” says a woman with a thick suede headband. “You could give up. You could fall apart.”“No you can’t. Nobody does. I’ve never seen it,” says the man. “Well, not really fall apart.
Steve Jobs|Losing never come easy. First off, preserved the memories.
Joan of Arc|My father always taught me that when you help other people, then God will give you double. And that's what has really happened to me. When I have helped other people who are in need, God has helped me more.
Donna Lynn Hope|We were not told how Alexander the Great was the last person in history to successfully 'pacify' what would become Afghanistan, over 2,000 years ago.
Emily Arden, Lover by Moonlight: Deception: Book One|Not the way he looks, but specifically the way he looks at me threatens my inhibitions. It’s all greedy yearning.
Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor|[T]he experience of mystery comes not from expecting it but through yielding all your programs, because your programs are based on fear and desire. Drop them and the radiance comes. (16)
Gary Haugen|You do realize that you are addressing the emperor of the Crescent Empire.""And you are addressing a free woman of the desert. You are not my emperor. Therefore, I am your equal.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Protect your good image from the eyes of negative viewers, who may look at your good appearance with an ugly fiendish eye, and ruin your positive qualities with their chemical infested tongues. If the words from the mouth of an abusive man makes you angry, quit the whole arena and you'll discover he had got his mouth shut.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|The quotation falsely attributed to Stalin, 'One death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic,' gets the numbers wrong but captures a real fact about human psychology. (p. 220)
Franca Storm, Fated Desire|I love you!” he bellowed at me and his eyes turned black. “Happy now? I love you, okay? I love youso fucking much that it hurts! It’s driving me insane! I loved you from the moment I saw you doingyour Miss Marple impression in those woods back at The Ragged Cove. But I could tell you weresweet on Luke and hey, why not? He’s the good-looking one, right? I mean, I’m just the hired muscle.I’m the one who gets everyone else out of the shit. But I couldn’t help my feelings, I’d never felt likethat before. So yeah, okay I stole a kiss from you in the gatehouse – big fucking deal! But you knowwhat? That was the biggest mistake of my life, because that one kiss from you drove me out of my tinyfreaking mind! So, I’m sorry if I give the boy a hard time and ain’t too gentle with the girl, but I’m notgoing to sit back and watch you risk your life just so you can blow their noses and wipe their arses!”I looked at Potter and he seemed almost out of breath after his rant. Once he had finished, he put outhis cigarette and lit another one. Standing, I looked at him and said, “Potter, I had no idea…”“Ah, forget it,” he said, waving me away with his hand. “I shouldn’t have said anything. Besides, I’llbe moving out at first light in search of Luke. Once I’ve rescued him, I’ll bring him to you in TheHollows and you won’t have to see me again.
Warren Eyster, The Goblins of Eros|He sounded pathetic and he knew it, but he had been driven to this humiliation by love. A woman can do that. They have power. We might all say that the oath to our lord is the strong oath that guides our lives, the oath that binds us and rules all the other oaths, but few men would not abandon every oath under the sun for a woman. I have broken oaths. I am not proud of that, but almost every oath I broke was for a woman.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want to rise, drop everyone that is weighing you down.
Lang Leav, Love & Misadventure|The scatterbrain,is a little like,the patter of rain.Neither here,nor there,but everywhere.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|For us the chief point of interest is the place where the game is played. Generatly it is a simple circle, dyutamandalam, drawn on the ground. The circle as such, however, has a magic significance. It is drawn with great care, all sorts of precautions being taken against cheating. The players are not allowed to leave the ring until they have discharged their obligations. But, sometimes a special hall is provisionally erected for the game, and this hall is holy ground. The Mahabharata devotes a whole chapter to the erection of the dicing hall - sabha - where the Pandavas are to meet their prtners. Games, of chance, therefore, have their serious side. They are included in ritual.
Woody Allen, Without Feathers|I suppose that now would be the time to ask for forgiveness for all the things I've done, but I'm sure my list would never be complete. I also don't believe that whatever comes after life depends on my correctly reciting a list of my transgressions...I don't believe that what comes after depends on anything I do at all.
Dada Bhagwan|The whole world reacts negatively to loss. What wrong has loss done? If you ask God if he has any profit or loss, then God would tell you, 'You are looking at it from an illusory viewpoint, you are seeing ‘relative’ and that is why you see everything as a profit or loss. I see through Real knowledge’.
Chetan Bhagat|Life is not to be taken seriously, as we are really temporary here. We are like a pre-paid card with limited validity. If we are lucky, we may last another 50 years. And 50 years is just 2,500 weekends. Do we really need to get so worked up? It’s ok, bunk a few classes, goof up a few interviews, fall in love. We are people, not programmed devices.
Kamand Kojouri|All this waiting.Waiting for the rain to stop. Waiting in traffic. Waiting for the bill. Waiting at the airport for an old friend.Waiting to depart. Then, there’s the big waiting: waiting to grow up. Waiting for love. Waiting to show youryour parents that when you have kids you’ll be different. Waiting to retire. Waiting for death. Why do we think waitingis the antithesis of lifewhen it is almostall of it?
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|right in this moment, I can´t even remember what unhappy feels like.
Shepherd Hoodwin, Loving from Your Soul: Creating Powerful Relationships|What you must first understand is the very nature of the Verity. Humans have a tendency for darkness and light. To choose good or evil. But no such mixture exists for the Verity or the Void. The Void houses no light. The Verity embraces no darkness. So when the Verity seeks a new vessel, it always searches out the purest heart--the person least likely to be swayed by darkness. A heart so true has the capacity to love like no other. And a love like that? It changes a person.
Demosthenes|Nothing is easier than self-deceit.For what every man wishes,that he also believes to be true.
Harlan Coben, Darkest Fear|Brannagh Maloney had lived with disappearances all her life. They were as familiar to her as the changing of the Fundy tides. People who disappeared left cast-off shadows of themselves, murky tremblings that slunk out of corners on drizzly autumn afternoons. They lurked offstage, silent or sighing or reaching out to run a finger across her arm. They were the curtains fluttering in the window on a breezeless morning, the musty scent that arose when opening an abandoned cellar door. LET THE SHADOWS FALL BEHIND YOU (Kunati Books)
Timothy Snyder, On Tyranny: Twenty Lessons from the Twentieth Century|Politicians in our times feed their clichés to television, where even those who wish to disagree repeat them. Television purports to challenge political language by conveying images, but the succession from one frame to another can hinder a sense of resolution. Everything happens fast, but nothing actually happens. Each story on televised news is ”breaking” until it is displaced by the next one. So we are hit by wave upon wave but never see the ocean.The effort to define the shape and significance of events requires words and concepts that elude us when we are entranced by visual stimuli. Watching televised news is sometimes little more than looking at someone who is also looking at a picture. We take this collective trance to be normal. We have slowly fallen into it.More than half a century ago, the classic novels of totalitarianism warned of the domination of screens, the suppression of books, the narrowing of vocabularies, and the associated difficulties of thought. In Ray Bradbury’s Fahrenheit 451, published in 1953, firemen find and burn books while most citizens watch interactive television. In George Orwell’s 1984, published in 1949, books are banned and television is two-way, allowing the government to observe citizens at all times. In 1984, the language of visual media is highly constrained, to starve the public of the concepts needed to think about the present, remember the past, and consider the future. One of the regime’s projects is to limit the language further by eliminating ever more words with each edition of the official dictionary.Staring at screens is perhaps unavoidable, but the two-dimensional world makes little sense unless we can draw upon a mental armory that we have developed somewhere else. When we repeat the same words and phrases that appear in the daily media, we accept the absence of a larger framework. To have such a framework requires more concepts, and having more concepts requires reading. So get the screens out of your room and surround yourself with books. The characters in Orwell’s and Bradbury’s books could not do this—but we still can.
Max Lucado, A Gentle Thunder: Hearing God Through the Storm|When Jesus says he will keep you safe, he means it. Hell will have to get through him to get to you.
Elizabeth SaFleur, Lucky|I told you I have both male and female organs.""You didn't say they were all fully functional!" Belle stared at the rapidly disappearing bulge."Damn girl, how'd you get so lucky? Shit!
Lailah Gifty Akita|You can go as far as you think, imagine and dream. Anything is possible.
Gift Gugu Mona|Whatever you say or do, remember there's always someone watching you.
William H. Gass, Omensetter's Luck|He closed his eyes for a moment and pulled at the fragments of the elements to light the torches hanging at the pillars on either side of him. The fire did little to warm the night, but Kaustab found its presence reassuring, the flickering blue flames danced and sparred with the shadows on the walls, a battle that the fire couldn’t win.
Joy Williams, The Quick and the Dead|It's a messy business--being alive. But I'd rather have this short time with those I love than have an easy time. We forget about the things we saw that morning,and we choose to build a bigger sandcastle.
V.S. Carnes|He felt, rather than saw, her chin lift toward him. But instead of pulling her hand from his grip and turning away, she tightened her own fingers and unceremoniously, unexpectedly, threw herself down the incline, dragging him with her.Dragging him with her!
Martin Luther|People don't believe or understand that a community can lose hope. You can have a whole community where hopelessness is the norm, where folks don't have faith that things will get better because history and circumstances have proven over 30, 40, or 50 years that things don't get better.
Paul Tsongas|In 1965, I marched for equality.
Pablo Neruda|It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|If you are born on this planet, we want to make sure you get the kind of education you actually deserve.
Sophie L. Rose|To be a manager, one must be able to manage her own relationship with the people around her, as well as the relationships among her subordinates. Just being perfect in paperwork and operations does not make one a good manager.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When something brings profit or pleasure to us, we are inclined to call evil good, even if we know it is dead wrong.
Frances A. Yates, The Rosicrucian Enlightenment|There is a unique Math behind the very notion of life, I seek it.
Diane Ackerman, A Natural History of Love|I tried to shut myself down completely, put up my best screensaver personality to coast through the day. I didn't want to see her. I was desperate to see her. I wanted to hold it together. I wanted to melt down right at her feet and scream, Look what you've done to me.
Christopher Bram, Eminent Outlaws: The Gay Writers Who Changed America|Gay liberation did not create gay promiscuity. There was sex before there were marches, politics, or books – it was the best reason for being homosexual, it and love.
Arthur Murphy|One thing governors feel, Democrats and Republicans alike, is that we have a health care system that, if you're on Medicaid, you have unlimited access to health care, at unlimited levels, at no cost. No wonder it's running away.
Benjamin Franklin|Tolerance has to be shown by those who come to this country for a new way of life. If you are not prepared to become Australian and give this country your undivided loyalty, obey our laws, respect our culture and way of life, then I suggest you go back where you came from.
Carolyn Lee Adams, Ruthless|I have no idea what to do, and everything is starting to feel dangerously hopeless. Hopelessness is not an emotion to be indulged. On the heels of hopelessness comes defeat, and even though everything seems pointless and impossible, I still want to win. Underneath my confusion and utter, bone-crushing fatigue, even though I don't know much of anything at all, I still know I want to win.
Candace Bushnell, Killing Monica|Something good happens to you, and you let off a different energy that attracts other good things.
Euginia Herlihy, The Experiences of Life & Prayers|I listen to the rainfall, my words wanna flow!Droplets run down the wall,where do they go?Letters in the raw,mesh together for the show!
Code Black|Backward we are naturally to all good things, and it is a lesson of grace to learn to go forward in the ways of God.
Na'ama Yehuda|You cannot fight hate and violence with more hate and violence, any more than you can conquer darkness with more darkness. Adding darkness only increases blackness. To subtract shadow, add light.
Adelheid Manefeldt, Consequence|After all relationships had sell-by dates. Sometimes, the ones with the most passion were the ones to burn out faster. Others had a sweet and long-winding coil which burned with slow amicability. At times, it was true, people rekindled a dying ember with a new flame. But they hardly ever noticed the rekindling had come after some time of estrangement - whether physical or emotional. Because people needed newness to make a thing last indefinitely. To make it really last. And because Jan didn't like letting people go, she knew to look for the signs of love's waning. So she could tell how to ease it down slowly into its grave and keep her lovers as friends. Because she really believed people were meant to cross paths. People were meant to stay in your life. There was a reason for all encounters. And relationships had to be cosseted, no matter their shelf life. But they had to be allowed to change shape and form. It had to be given space to grow into something different.
Rosabeth Moss Kanter|Good leaders need a positive agenda, not just an agenda of dealing with crisis.
Sahndra Fon Dufe|Move forward to the next step, there is something that change your whole life". Be positive
Tiffany Madison|When the Rule of Law disappears, we are ruled by the whims of men.
Paul Tillich, Dynamics of Faith|Pieces of jigsaw puzzle might all be different but when fit in, completes the story. Expecting all pieces to be the same is craziness, completing the puzzle is what you are born for!!!!
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|On a physical level, water is often called the universal solvent because of its ability to dissolve almost anything at the molecular level. On a spiritual level it is the breath which acts as a universal solvent, because there is no trauma so great, no wound so deep, no delusion so convincing, that deep and mindful breathing will not dissolve it.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Everybody wants a change and change happens in the life of everybody each day, but not all changes are preferable
Aspen Baker, Pro-Voice: How to Keep Listening When the World Wants a Fight|Infusing the cultural war with love, respect and empathy is the responsibility of every one who cares about the health and wellbeing of women, our families and communities, and our democracy.
Walter Van Tilburg Clark, The Ox-Bow Incident|When facing society, the man most concerned, the man who is to do the most and contribute the oat, has the least say. It's taken for granted that he has no voice and the reasons he could offer are rejected in advance as prejudiced -- since no speech is ever considered, but only the speaker. It's so much easier to pass judgement on a man than on an idea. Though how in the hell one passes judgement on a man without considering the content of his brain is more than I'll ever understand.
Marshall McLuhan, The Medium and the Light|Up till now it has been thought that the growth of the Christian myths during the Roman Empire was possible only because printing was not yet invented. Precisely the contrary. The daily press and the telegraph, which in a moment spreads inventions over the whole earth, fabricate more myths (and the bourgeois cattle believe and enlarge upon them) in one day than could have formerly been done in a century.
Raphael Zernoff|There is always someone who cares for us and loves us. We may not always be aware of that yet we are very much needed and truly loved by the Universe. Everything that exists is needed, because what is not needed is not created. This is the way the Universe understands existence. When we let go of those people around us who are no longer compatible with our preference, which is love, peace and joy, we open the door to many new friends who love us for who we choose to be, and not for who they want us to be.
Denise Flaim, Rescue Ink: How Ten Guys Saved Countless Dogs and Cats, Twelve Horses, Five Pigs, One Duck,and a Few Turtles|I watched bulls bred to cows, watched mares foal, I saw life come from the egg and the multiplicative wonders of mudholes and ponds, the jell and slime of life shimmering in gravid expectation. Everywhere I looked, life sprang from something not life, insects unfolded from sacs on the surface of still waters and were instantly on prowl for their dinner, everything that came into being knew at once what to do and did it, unastonished that it was what it was, unimpressed by where it was, the great earth heaving up bloodied newborns from every pore, every cell, bearing the variousness of itself from every conceivable substance which it contained in itself, sprouting life that flew or waved in the wind or blew from the mountains or stuck to the damp black underside of rocks, or swam or suckled or bellowed or silently separated in two.
Kerrelyn Sparks, Be Still My Vampire Heart|For once you yourself cease to take pleasure in the common enjoyments of life, you hate the normal man who is so much more fortunate than yourself.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|The shelf was filled with books that were hard to read, that could devastate and remake one's soul, and that, when they were finished, had a kick like a mule.
Nick Offerman|I really love good food occasionally, but I need time to enjoy it, and I need to be hungry.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|It was too long ago; she couldn’t recall the feelings of love, only remember that she’d had them. A dried-out memory, like a flower pressed between the pages of a book.
John Yokoyama, When Fish Fly: Lessons for Creating a Vital and Energized Workplace from the World Famous Pike Place Fish Market|When someone tells you something big, it's like you're taking money from them, and there's no way it will ever go back to being the way it was. You have to take responsibility for listening.
Marie Moreton, Full and Overflowing: Poems, Thoughts and Photographs Inspired by God's Creation|In a moment everything could suddenly change, but God and His promises remain the same.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Unwittingly, I have sailed through my entire life, so far, with neither direction nor destination.I had a vague instinct to reach dry land every once in a while for supplies, but never anything more than that.
Keith Donohue|The flickering candlelight conspired with the silence, and we only interrupted each other’s reading to share a casual delight.
Frank Bidart, Watching the Spring Festival: Poems|Though the body is itsgenesis, a poem is the vision of a processCarved in space, vision your poor eye's singlearmor against winter spring summer fall
Osho, Watch and Wait: relaxing and waking up - instinct and intuition|The unconscious mind goes on doing things and creating problems. There is no wall at all that you have to push through. The real thing is that you want to push, you are in a hurry. And because you want to push, you have to imagine a wall. It is your imagination. Just try to laugh at your imagination, at your hurry, because this is not the way meditation happens. Laugh, relax, and just be in the moment – watching whatever is going on, outside or inside, in the world or in the mind. You are neither the world nor the mind. You are behind all, just a pure watching consciousness.
Heikichi Nakao Otani|Nakao: Koizumi, I'm so sorry I said such cruel things.Otani: What's that?Nakao: The whispering of your heart.
Albert Einstein|I love to think of nature as an unlimited broadcasting station, through which God speaks to us every hour, if we will only tune in.
Christine Feehan, Oceans of Fire|I had to work so hard to find myself again, Alexandr." There was pain in her voice. "I was so lost without you. You left me raw and wounded and trapped in a dark place with no windows or doors. I didn't know how to live without you. I didn't know how to smile or feel or be. It took almost two years before I really accepted that it was over and I had to find a way to go on. I made myself strong. I'm alive again. I can wake up some mornings and be happy. I can look at the ocean and find peace again. Now you're asking me to risk everything all over again and I'm not certain I could survive if it all came crashing down.
Carlos Roche, How to Turn Your Boss Into Your Employee|For the man in the paddock, whose duty is is to sweep up manure,the supreme terror is the possibility of a world without horses. Totell him that it is disgusting to spend one’s life shoveling up hotturds is a piece of imbecility. A man can get to love shit if hislivelihood depends on it, if his happiness is involved.
Meia Geddes, The Little Queen|Fran had from an unsuitably early age been attracted by the heroic death, the famous last words, the tragic farewell. Her parents had on their shelves a copy of Brewer's 'Dictionary of Phase and fable', a book which, as a teenager, she would morbidly browse for hours. One of her favourite sections was 'Dying Sayings', with its fine mix of the pious, the complacent, the apocryphal, the bathetic and the defiant. Artists had fared well: Beethoven was alleged to have said 'I shall hear in heaven'; the erotic painter Etty had declared 'Wonderful! Wonderful this death!'; and Keats had died bravely, generously comforting his poor friend Severn.Those about to be executed had clearly had time to prepare a fine last thought, and of these she favoured the romantic Walter Raleigh's, 'It matters little how the head lies, so the heart be right'. Harriet Martineau, who had suffered so much as a child from religion, as Fran had later discovered, had stoically remarked, 'I see no reason why the existence of Harriet Martineau should be perpetuated', an admirably composed sentiment which had caught the child Fran's attention long before she knew who Harriet Martineau was. But most of all she had liked the parting of Siward the Dane who had commended his men: 'Lift me up that I may die standing, not lying down like a cow'.
Anne Rainey, Tasting Candy|You have to stop looking at me like that.” He sounds amused, “or else I will have to take you up to my suite right now, and have you for lunch” I sigh at the image, “Why don't you?” I whisper. It’s exactly what I want.
Padma Lakshmi, Love, Loss, and What We Ate: A Memoir|The men on the show have it easy, in part because men on TV have uniforms: There’s the jacket, in black, blue, or gray. There’s the shirt, the pants. I can never tell whether Tom is gaining or losing weight beneath his boxy suits. He always looks the same. Tom also has the benefit of being Tom, a decorated veteran of the restaurant kitchen. Like so many chefs, he is practiced at the taste-of-this, taste-of-that eating regimen. I’m the one who has to look like a glorified weathergirl, with formfitting dresses and all, which, don’t get me wrong, I love—at least until I don’t.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|I can already tell he isn't the kind of guy a girl gets a simple crush on. He's the kind of guy you fall hard for, and the thought of that terrifies me.
Chris DiSano Davenport|Everything has a purpose on our earth which reflects within us our own self-worth.Chepi, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Abeer Allan|My Solo Adventure #1- Bali: Imagination unlocked, escaping a cage drawn by a relentless life. Soul freed, reaching beyond the hidden dimensions of an uncertain universe. Thirst. Hunger. Rebirth. For forever we are greedy.
Hippocrates|Science fiction writers foresee the inevitable, and although problems and catastrophes may be inevitable, solutions are not.
Zora Neale Hurston|Insensate cruelty to those you can whip, and grovelling submission to those you can't. Once having set up her idols and built altars to the, it was imevitable that she would worship there. It was inevitable that she would accept any inconsistency and cruelty from her deity as all good worshippers do from theirs. All gods who recieve homage are cruel. All gods dispense suffering without reason. Otherwise they would not be worshipped Though indiscriminate suffering men know fear and fear is the most divine emotion. It is the stones for altars and the beginning of wisdom. Half gods are worshipped in wine and flowers. Real gods require blood.
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|From this day forward, you will be my sun at dawn and my stars at night, and I vow to love and cherish you for all our days.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Until you take a pen to write, then you will see the miracle of writing.
Gunter Blobel|After wrestling with myself for six months, I began medical treatment. During that time I started a band with some friends of mine called Jack's Car, but that didn't last.
Robert Fisk, Pity the Nation: The Abduction of Lebanon|By the end of 2004, U.S. operations in Iraq had been rough enough to antagonize the Sunni population without imposing the draconian methods armies habitually employ to control a population.In the spring of 2006, the coalition was losing on the two major fronts that accounted for most of the fighting. In Anbar to the west, al Qaeda controlled the population; in Baghdad to the east, Shiite death squads were driving our the sunnis, while al Qaeda's suicide bombings continued.Yet, the conditions had already been set for a turnaround without precedent in combating an insurgency. In less that three years, two giant institutions steeped in 200 years of traditions-the Army and Marines-adopted new doctrines and turned around a losing war. This was equivalent to GE and Ford starting afresh in new business lines and turning a profit in three years.A lack of soldiers is frequently cited as the basic flaw after the invasion. This is mistaken. There were 140,000 soldiers, plus 100,000 contractors in support roles, in Iraq in 2003. Adding troops would not have accomplished much because the two-headed command...lacked a plan, a counterinsurgency doctrine, and proper training. With the Pentagon's agreement, Bremer had disbanded the Iraqi Army, and the Iraqi police were ineffective. More American troops operating alone under a doctrine of attack and destroy would have exacerbated the rebellion.
Shelly Thacker, Forever His|He had won. He could release her at any time. But her lips... those soft, sweet petals were parting tremulously at the touch of his tongue, and she was granting him entry to the warmth of her mouth. He thrust boldly inside, wanting but one taste of her. Only one.
Brandi Salazar, Spring Cleaning|Hey!” The male voice sliced through the noise. Terri ignored him, determined to get back to the bar for her next order. A harsh hand gripped her arm, jerking her back into a firm chest. “I asked your name.” Hot breath reeking of stale beer permeated her sinuses, making her stomach turn, as the tenor of his voice burrowed into her ear. Fear gripped her. Memories of the way Randy would grab her, and where it always ended, slammed into her, making her head spin. Shaking it off, Terri narrowed her eyes and whirled around, jabbing a red lacquered nail into his powder blue polo. “Back off,” she warned, snatching her arm back. He advanced on her, his large frame towering over her. “Just wanna know your name, sweetheart,” he said with a sleazy smile. “No need to get testy.”“You haven’t seen me testy.” As she turned her back on him and continued on her way, he called out to her. “Yet.” Terri--from Spring Cleaning--Coming Summer 2012
Thaddeus of Vitovnica, Our Thoughts Determine Our Lives:  The Life and Teachings of Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica|When we talk to our fellow men and they tell us about their troubles, we will listen to them carefully if we have love for them. We will have compassion for their suffering and pain, for we are God's creatures; we are a manifestation of the love of God.
Jessica Zafra, The 500 People You Meet in Hell|I love you too much to lie to you, Lisey. I love you with all that passes for my heart. I suspect that kind of all-out love becomes a burden to a woman in time, but it's the only kind I have to give. I think we're going to be quite a wealthy couple in terms of money, but I'll almost certainly be an emotional pauper all my life. I've got the money coming, but as for the rest I've got just enough for you, and I won't ever dirty or dilute it with lies. Not with the words I say, not with the ones I hold back.
Edward Bulwer-Lytton, Reign of Terror Volume 2: Great Victorian Horror Stories|You will remember that Albertus Magnus, after describing minutely the process by which spirits may be invoked and commanded, adds emphatically that the process will instruct and avail only to the few - that a man must be born a magician! - that is, born with a peculiar physical temperament, as a man is born a poet. Rarely are men in whose constitution lurks this occult power of the highest order of intellect - usually in the intellect there is some twist, perversity, or disease.' ("The House And The Brain")
Beatrix Campbell, Stolen Voices: The People And Politics Behind The Campaign To Discredit Childhood Testimony|He is the Napoleon of crime, Watson. He is the organizer of half that is evil and of nearly all that is undetected in this great city, He is a genius, a philosopher, an abstract thinker. He has a brain of the first order. He sits motionless, like a spider in the center of its web, but that web has a thousand radiations, and he knows well every quiver of each of them. He does little himself. He only plans.
Debasish Mridha|Never complain, condemn, or criticize; just show them how to do better.
Theodore Roethke, The Collected Poems|By daily dying, I have come to be.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|The Book of Numbers relates that when the people murmured rebelliously against God, they were punished with a plague of fiery serpents, so that many lost their lives. When they repented, Moses was told by God to make a brazen serpent and set it up for a sign, and all those bitten by the serpents who looked upon that sign would be healed. Our Blessed Lord was now declaring that He was to be lifted up, as the serpent had been lifted up. As the brass serpent had the appearance of a serpent and yet lacked its venom, so too, when He would be lifted up upon the bars of the Cross, He would have the appearance of a sinner and yet be without sin. As all who looked upon the brass serpent had been healed of the bite of the serpent, so all who looked upon Him with love and faith would be healed of the bite of the serpent of evil.
Manprit Kaur|There are people who know where they want to be, and also have a roadmap in their mind, about how to get there. But something stops them! They either keep waiting for better circumstances, or simply lack the courage to give up the comfort of a secure life. For them, the pursuit of their purpose is a risky proposition. Often, those are the same people that die with the weight of regrets. Those are the people who feel unfulfilled or unworthy at the end of their journey. They bury their dreams for the sake of a safe life, without ever venturing into the world of possibilities. But the truth is that if you risk nothing for the pursuit of your passion, you risk more. An even deeper reality is that there’s never a perfect time; the most ideal and opportune time is the time when YOU choose to begin your journey. Find courage to take the first step today. Your age, your pace, or your handicap doesn’t matter. Nothing is insurmountable if you have passion and persistence – your heart knows this. You simply have to convince your mind to play along. Find your moments of courage – the times when you feel strong, able, and energized. Tap those moments to launch yourself; the world beckons!
Henry David Thoreau|I'm happy to be a writer - of prose, poetry, every kind of writing. Every person in the world who isn't a recluse, hermit or mute uses words. I know of no other art form that we always use.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|I know I'm not going to be in your head all the time. But once you know me, I'll be forever in your heart. 
Cormac McCarthy|This ferry was taken over by the Yumas and operated for them by a man named Callaghan, but within days it was burned and Callaghan's headless body floated anonymously downriver, a vulture standing between the shoulderblades in clerical black, silent rider to the sea.
Patrick Ness, The Ask and the Answer|The ocean was the best place, of course. That was what she loved most. It was a feeling of freedom like no other, and yet a feeling of communion with all the other places and creatures the water touched.
Thomas Mann, Death in Venice and Other Tales|It is in your power to withdraw yourself whenever you desire. Perfect tranquility within consists in the good ordering of the mind, the realm of your own.
Gerhard Amanshauser|(She) could have read for hours, except that recently she had discovered holes and crevices between the words which she immediately had to fill with her own ideas until she was fed up with patching up the makeshift constructs.
Brigham Young|I think if we get freedom for women, then they are probably going to do a lot of things that I wish they wouldn't do. But it seems to me that isn't our business to say what they should do with it. It is our business to see that they get it.
Ocean Crisstopher Poet, Unknown Book 7431667|Don't kill me because I'm gay,pray for me for it is God who created me.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|I can be both of us at once so no one will have to miss her, most of all me. I I
José Saramago|Maneck studied beggermaster's excessive chatter, his attempt to hide his heartache. Why did human do that to their feelings? Whether it was anger or love or sadness, they always tried to put something else forward in its place. And then there were those who pretended their emotions were bigger and grander than anyone else's. A little annoyance they acted like gigantic rage; where a smile or chuckle will do, they laughed hysterically. Either way, it was dishonest.
Estelle|As far as I'm concerned, the entire reason for becoming a writer is not having to get up in the morning.
Mark Twain, Following the Equator: A Journey Around the World|A puddle repeats infinity, and is full of light; nevertheless, if analyzed objectively, a puddle is a piece of dirty water spread very thin on mud.
