Emma Cameron, Cinnamon Rain|Just as teardrops, when they are large and round and compassionate, can leave a long strand washed clean of discord, the summer rain as it washes away the motionless dust can bring to a person's soul something like endless breathing.
Martin Freeman|Happiness is a mystery, like religion, and should never be rationalised.
Rita Mae Brown|A deadline is negative inspiration. Still, it's better than no inspiration at all.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Beauty catches your eye, joy seizes your heart, and love captures your soul.
C. S. Lewis: A Life: Eccentric Genius, Reluctant Prophet|the greater number of a man's errors come before him disguised under the specious form of necessity; then, after error has been committed in a moment of excitement, of delirium, or of fear, we see that we might have avoided and escaped it.
Toni Morrison|I tell my students, 'When you get these jobs that you have been so brilliantly trained for, just remember that your real job is that if you are free, you need to free somebody else. If you have some power, then your job is to empower somebody else. This is not just a grab-bag candy game.
J. Barry Reid, Reversal: The Skyfire Begins|I am abroad in the night with my servants. We come to smoke the northern lights, to rape the Wendigo, to melt igloos with streams of hot, bloody piss. To see and see.”“Oh. You’re a bit east.
Rollo May, The Meaning of Anxiety|anxiety, with its concomitant feelings of helplessness, isolation, and conflict, is an exceedingly painful experience. One tends to be angry and resentful toward those responsible for placing him in such a situation of pain. Clinical experience yields many examples like the following: A dependent person, finding himself in a situation of responsibility with which he feels he cannot cope, reacts with hostility both toward those who have placed him in the situation and toward those (usually parents) who caused him to be unable to cope with it. Or he feels hostility toward his therapist, whom he believes should bail him out
David Chiles, The Principles Of Netiquette|Use Discretion: It is proper netiquette to use discretion, best behavior, in all online activity. NetworkEtiquette.net
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|The past is buried deep within the ground in Rabat, although the ancient walls in the old city are still standing, painted in electrifying variations of royal blue that make the winding roads look like streamlets or shallow ocean water.
Annie Baker|If you want to be an entrepreneur, it's not a job, it's a lifestyle. It defines you. Forget about vacations, about going home at 6 pm - last thing at night you'll send emails, first thing in the morning you'll read emails, and you'll wake up in the middle of the night. But it's hugely rewarding as you're fulfilling something for yourself.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Respect all people as you do your people, and you would be a fine people.
Virginia Alison|Within the eye, mysteries of the soul burn deeply beneath the fiery chasms of love and patiently wait for an awakening ...
Percy Lubbock, The Craft of Fiction|Writing when perched along a ledge of conscious awareness while simultaneously giving voice to the unconscious voice tumbling within allows a writer to tap into the external world of the known while also exploring the unconscious world of the unknown and the unknowable. For as long as I can stand the mounting pressure, I dance along this tremulous thin line separating sanity and insanity, mediating the conflicts between a lucid intellect and an impulsive, instinctual nature. Captivated in this submerged psyche space, disengaged from conscious tether of personal identity, and free from the jaundiced constraints and dictatorial commands of rational logic, I operate unencumbered by preconceived limitations.
Viggo Mortensen|You don't have to make something that people call art. Living is an artistic activity, there is an art to getting through the day.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|Liars are highly unlikely to admit their lies, never mind apologize for the hurt they’ve caused. Liars don’t genuinely apologize. Deceit has become their full-out lifestyle. They are centered on themselves with no thoughts of the consequences of their lies. In cowardly style, they tell more lies to try and cover their tracks. They are not good at admitting they actually have shortcomings.
J.T. Geissinger, Make Me Sin|We could sit around and talk if you'd like.""Okay." She crossed her arms and tried to look casual. "So what's up?"	"Considering what you're wearing beneath that sheet, and what we just heard in the hallway, you might want to rephrase that particular statement.
Kim Thúy, Ru|The body is the easiest thing to adjust to... It’s the life, the context of the body, that can be hard to grasp.
Marc Guggenheim|For a 12-year-old with a hyperactive imagination who liked to dream of dreary gothic castles, suburban Florida felt a little stifling.
Cindy Skaggs, Untouchable|Logan felt it, even if he wanted to deny it. His pupils were dilated and he stared at her like she was chocolate and tomorrow was the first day of Lent. Sure, she might be forbidden, but no one could withstand temptation forever. Not when it was so close. The car roared to life as Logan started it back onto the road. So he thought to ignore the attraction? Good luck. He might be a rule follower, but Sofia wasn’t. He didn’t stand a chance in hell.
A.E. Samaan|The right to "liberty" and "pursuit" of happiness is incompatible with a government that makes choices for you.
Ed Sheeran|If you love somebody, you love them. My parents had a 25-year age gap between them and my mum was the breadwinner, my dad the house husband. I'm a strong believer that a good relationship can work, whatever the situation.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|During the flames of controversy, opinions, mass disputes, conflict, and world news, sometimes the most precious, refreshing, peaceful words to hear amidst all the chaos are simply and humbly 'I don't know.
Meg Cabot, Ninth Key|You people don't know what the truth is! It's there, just under the bullshit, but you never look! That's what I hate most about this fucking city-- Lies are news and truth is obsolete!
Magda Gerber, The RIE Manual|I think humans have always been desperate. I think it has always been about doing something awful if it might help, when the only other option is death. Maybe that's what being a parent is supposed to feel like.
S.T. Bende, Elsker|For the first time in my life, my future was a blank page. It was perfect. And beyond scary.
Friedrich Nietzsche|I praise, I do not reproach, [nihilism's] arrival. I believe it is one of the greatest crises, a moment of the deepest self-reflection of humanity. Whether man recovers from it, whether he becomes master of this crisis, is a question of his strength.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...it took me a lifetime of glimpses, but now I see you completely - did I tell you you're beautiful? so kind to animals, children and me...
G.H. Finn, How to Trick the Devil|She was working as a waitress in a cocktail bar when she decided to summon the devil and sell her soul for fame. As you do. Hell, we’ve all been there… Of course, things didn’t go according to plan. Never have, never will…
Alin Sav|True friends don't send sms, they give a phone call.
Adlai E. Stevenson|We have spent billions to go to the moon - we go to this lesser satellite called the moon and say we are in space, but we are in space right now; we just don't feel ourselves to be in space. Some forms of art and some forms of spirituality do give us that sense.
Anup Kochhar, The Failure Project  -The Story Of Man's Greatest Fear|Can we quantify failure in degrees and say, ‘on a 10 point scale this failure causes this much pain?’ Extremely difficult.
Aimee Byrd|If you don't love what you write, then nobody's going to enjoy reading it.
Debasish Mridha|A kiss is a moment of quantum leaps, a moment of shared joy, and a moment of bliss.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning|Earth's crammed with heaven, And every common bush afire with God.
Tom Brady|People will come up to me and try and be secretive and say, 'Can you do the Gollum voice for me?' And I'm like, 'Are you kidding? It's 8:30 in the morning on the Victoria Line.'
Janet Evanovich, The Heist|Hekate smacked the mirror down. "I'd never fancy you," she retorted to Hermes. "And if you ever try to kiss me, I'll--I'll keep a snake hidden in my clothes and make it bite you. On the lips. And on both ears.""See, your threats are still age twelve," Hermes said. "I'll help you work on that.
Kamand Kojouri|Violinists wear the imprint on their necks with prideFor they are the players of harmony.Pilgrims, too, wear the imprint on their foreheads with prideFor they are the conductors of unity.And Lovers? Why, they are made humble by the imprint on their heartsFor they are merely the instruments of rhapsody.
Fran Lebowitz|I once started outto walk around the worldbut ended up in Brooklyn,that Bridge was too much for me.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Forgive everyone for everything, and sleep with a clean heart!Good Night Universe!
Motionless in White|But at times words can be a dangerous addition to music — they can pin it down. Words imply that the music is about what the words say, literally, and nothing more. If done poorly, they can destroy the pleasant ambiguity that constitutes much of the reason we love music. That ambiguity allows listeners to psychologically tailor a song to suit their needs, sensibilities, and situations, but words can limit that, too. There are plenty of beautiful tracks that I can’t listen to because they’ve been “ruined” by bad words — my own and others. In Beyonce's song "Irreplaceable," she rhymes "minute" with "minute," and I cringe every time I hear it (partly because by that point I'm singing along). On my own song "Astronaut," I wrap up with the line "feel like I'm an astronaut," which seems like the dumbest metaphor for alienation ever. Ugh.
Paul Auster, The Invention of Solitude|I have always been a loner. Even as a child, when my family and friends were off attending parties I would be sequestered in my room, sketchpad in hand, stereo by my side, listening to seductive R&B. Solitude was something I took for granted. Coming from a large family I needed solitude in order to think straight and paint my way out of confusion. My parents were accepting of the fact that I kept to myself and they respected my decision even though it went against my Somali upbringing, a culture rooted in boisterousness and joie de vivre.
Latika Teotia|Whatever you do, do it if it brings you peace. If in doubt look up to God and seek His guidance. In fact seek His blessings before starting anything and you won’t go wrong.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|When we hope, we usually hope for the wrong thing.We yearn for tomorrow and the progress that it presents. But yesterday was once tomorrow, and where was the progress in it?Or we yearn for yesterday, for what was or what might have been. But as we are yearning, the present is becoming the past, so the past is nothing but our yearning for second chances.
Camron Wright, The Rent Collector|It's dangerous because my thoughts get away from themselves. Mixed with emotion, they pile up like the garbage that surrounds me. They stack layer upon layer, deeper and deeper, month after month- crushing, festering, smoldering. One day something is certain to combust.
Laurie Perez, The Look of Amie Martine|The ink line drawing flowed the cursive journey,created on paper canvas that brought the story to life.
Marian Keyes, Anybody Out There?|...as you know, I don't believe in fear, just an invention by men so they get all the money and good jobs...
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Thinking about what's beyond thought, is opening up your mind to tap into infinite intelligence designed to expand your consciousness.
John Hughes|I believe acting is very physical, and when you have to fight or do those kinds of things, it takes a lot of respect not to allow yourself to go off and hurt yourself or someone else.
Dejan Stojanovic|Dust to dust, ashes to ashes. Is that all?
Jonathan Stroud, Ptolemy's Gate|A dozen more questions occurred to me. Not to mention twenty-two possible solutions to each one, sixteen resulting hypotheses and counter-theorems, eight abstract speculations, a quadrilateral equation, two axioms, and a limerick. That's raw intelligence for you.
Heather Blynn|We all have flaws, curves, and tempers, but together, it creates us, a vintage kind of beautiful.
Cara McKenna, Willing Victim|Okay. We've got about twenty minutes before I get mean again.' She laughed, relieved the night was still young, 'What are you, some kind of sex-werewolf?
Rebecca McNutt, Bittersweet Symphony|The risks in antiques fraud are relative. Other criminals risk the absolute. You've never heard of a fraudster involved in a shoot-out, of the "Come and get me, copper!" sort. Or of some con artist needing helicopter gunships to bring him. No, we subtle-mongers do it with the smile, the promise, the hint. And we have one great ally: greed. And make no mistake. Greed is everywhere, like weather.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Whatever you focus your mind on, you will consciously and subconsciously work towards.
Graham Nelson|When it came to my art, I went my own way and did not follow the trends.
Rivka Galchen|Social media: a fine tool for radicalised idiots to find each other, a promised land for the pub bores and Champ Man anoraks of the nation.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|I will take the Ring", he said, "though I do not know the way.
Paula Stokes, This is How it Happened|Did you know that writing stories down kills them?Of course it does, words aren't meant to be stiff, unchanging things.
Sivananda Saraswati|Let each man take the path according to his capacity, understanding and temperament. His true guru will meet him along that path.
Rachel Haimowitz, Counterpoint|Hereby perceive we the love of God, because He laid down His life for us, and we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren." How often I think of that 'ought.' No sugary sentiment there. Just the stern, glorious trumpet call, OUGHT. But can words tell the joy buried deep within? Mine cannot. It laughs at words.
Marcel Proust|The founders of a new colony, whatever Utopia of human virtue and happiness they might originally project, have invariably recognized it among their earliest practical necessities to allot a portion of the virgin soil as a cemetery, and another portion as the site of a prison.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|I can listen no longer in silence. I must speak to you by such means as are within my reach. You pierce my soul. I am half agony, half hope. Tell me not that I am too late, that such precious feelings are gone for ever. I offer myself to you again with a heart even more your own than when you almost broke it, eight years and a half ago. Dare not say that man forgets sooner than woman, that his love has an earlier death. I have loved none but you. Unjust I may have been, weak and resentful I have been, but never inconstant. You alone have brought me to Bath. For you alone, I think and plan. Have you not seen this? Can you fail to have understood my wishes? I had not waited even these ten days, could I have read your feelings, as I think you must have penetrated mine. I can hardly write. I am every instant hearing something which overpowers me. You sink your voice, but I can distinguish the tones of that voice when they would be lost on others. Too good, too excellent creature! You do us justice, indeed. You do believe that there is true attachment and constancy among men. Believe it to be most fervent, most undeviating, in F. W.I must go, uncertain of my fate; but I shall return hither, or follow your party, as soon as possible. A word, a look, will be enough to decide whether I enter your father's house this evening or never.
Dada Bhagwan|For infinite lives, one has been wandering around, and once in a while, he will attain a human birth. But there his back will hurt. He will have created obstacles such that he will not be able to eat, even when he is served a plate full of food. This is how it is! So think before you take any steps (before you do anything).
Fudial bin Ayyad|Yahya related to me from Malik that he heard that the Messenger of Allah, may Allah bless him and grant him peace, said, "I have left two things with you. As long as you hold fast to them, you will not go astray. They are the Book of Allah and the Sunnah of His Prophet.
Jerome Groopman|I welcomed my slavish existence as a surgical resident, the never-ending work, the cries that kept me in the present, the immersion in blood, pus, and tears -- the fluids in which one dissolved all traces of self. In working myself ragged, I felt integrated...
Jaeda DeWalt|I realized that no matter how safe a person or place felt, in our world, safety was merely an illusion.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|What gives a person’s brief time on this planet meaning is engaging in small acts of kindness. Bestowing an act of kindness upon other people is the greatest gift that a person will ever give to other people and such acts shall renew the gifting person. When we unreservedly accept and love our brethren, we become the ineluctable wind that vivifies the lives of other people.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|Since we have to make choices in life, why not choose the good ones?
Don DeLillo|Power, after love, is the first source of happiness.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|If you think that growth means perfection, let me assure you, it does not! You do not need to be perfect; instead, strive to be honest, admit to failures, learn to ask for and to give forgiveness, love and allow yourself to be loved. Accept and even celebrate differences in others; their “No Excuses” mindsets may look and function a bit differently than yours, but that is okay!
Stephen King, The Dark Tower|What I'd show you is much more bizarre than anything we have looked at so far, and I warn you in advance that the first impulse will be to laugh. That's all right. Laugh if you must. Just don't take your eye off what you see, for even in your imagination, here is a creature who can do you damage.
Dominic Riccitello|I stopped writing in the obvious. I wrote how I saw it and if they don’t understand it, that’s fine.
Jim Butcher, Death Masks|I wouldn't burden any decent system of faith by participating in it... I'm not agnostic. Just nonpartisan. Theological Switzerland, that's me.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|You do not give your precious body to the billy clubs of Birmingham sheriffs, nor to the insidious activity of the streets.
Rodman Philbrick|I never really look for anything. What God throws my way comes. I wake up in the morning and whichever way God turns my feet, I go.
Laura Busche, Powering Content: Building a Nonstop Content Marketing Machine|Personally, I believe in tools that close the gap between professionals and beginners, understanding that — push comes to shove — this is a world of beginners.
Laurence Cossé, A Novel Bookstore|We have no time to waste on insignificant books, hollow books, books that are there to please...We want books that cost their authors a great deal, books where you can feel the years of work, the backache, the writer's block, the author's panic at the thought that he might be lost: his discouragement, his courage, his anguish, his stubbornness, the risk of failure that he has taken.
Joe Mansueto|As long as the appointment process is transparent and there is a broad mix of political views among the governors of the BBC, I think the public can feel confident that impartiality and independence are just as important to me as they have been to previous incumbents.
Tyler Cowen|Communism is a religion that is inspired, directed and motivated by the Devil himself who has declared war against Almighty God.
Daniel Marques|If you're not hated by many, you're not good enough yet, because God hates and always hated the majority for good reasons.
Brian Selznick|Amber starts off as sap from a tree," Joseph said in the dark. "And sometimes insects get caught in it, and over millions of years the amber turns into a gemstone, but it traps the insect inside.""Oh.""A photograph is sort of like that, don't you think?
Kelly Moran, Redemption|And then that mouth was speaking Russian, rough, sexy, sweet nothings that drove her wild. Forced out all common sense. His mouth trailed her jaw, delivering little nips and hot licks to her neck.“Bella”—something in Russian—“Bella”—more Russian—“Bella.” As if one language was inadequate to express how she affected him.
Lish McBride, Necromancing the Stone|And someone, somewhere, was having an even worse time of it than me. I tried to keep that in mind. No matter how crappy your life, someone will probably beat you in the my-life-is-crap category. Not that I don't let myself whine a little now and then, but sometimes it's good to keep your misery in perspective
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Nothing great could ever be achieved, without personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence.
Geoffrey Wood|Somehow they fail to see that for someone aggravated by depression, self-help will be useless, indeed, it is precisely the self that needs to be forgotten.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|He was digging in his garden--digging, too, in his own mind, laboriously turning up the substance of his thought. Death--and he drove in his spade once, and again, and yet again. And all our yesterdays have lighted fools they way to dusty death. A convincing thunder rumbled through the words. He lifted another spadeful of earth. Why had Linda died? Why had she been allowed to become gradually less than human and at last... He shuddered. A good kissing carrion. He planted his foot on his spade and stamped it fiercely into the tough ground. As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods; they kills us for their sport. Thunder again; words that proclaimed themselves true--truer somehow than truth itself. And yet that same Gloucester had called them ever-gentle gods. Besides, thy best of rest is sleep, and that thou oft provok'st; yet grossly fear'st thy death which is no more. No more than sleep. Sleep. Perchance to dream. His spade struck against a stone; he stooped to pick it up. For in that sleep of death, what dreams...?
Mamur Mustapha|Laugh not at the dead, for the corpse at your feet is prophetic of your own destiny.
Emery Lord, The Start of Me and You|Darkness might keep flooding in, but I finally had just enough light to find the way back to myself.
Dada Bhagwan|When everyone in the family is united, when they resolve their issues with each other and unite; it is called vitarag bhav, attachment-free intent. And to disunite is to have raag-dwesh, attachment-abhorrence remain.
Keegan Kennedy|Most of all, kink comes up in my writing because that is, very simply, just the way the cat o’ nine tails flails. Any writer knows that there isn’t always an explanation for the behaviors of his or her characters and the subjects of his or her storylines. For whatever reason, kink just kind of comes out of me.
Adrienne Rich|As a woman I have a country; as a woman I cannot divest myself of that country merely bu condemning its government or by saying three times "As a woman my country is the whole world." -Notes Towards a Politics of Location.
Christopher Riche Evans, Mind In Chains|Also, I'm angry. I know life is hard, I think everyone knows that in their hearts, but why does it have to be cruel, as well? Why does it have to bite?
Sukant Ratnakar|One flub, one little mistake, could ruin everything.
Jill Alexander Essbaum, Hausfrau|I’d rather make a thousand mistakes trying for a better life, than to die not making any mistakes at all.
Oscar de la Renta|It lies in the hearts of men and women; when it dies there, no constitution, no law, no court can save it. While it lies there, it needs no constitution, no law, no court to save it.
Mary E Martin|As far back as history records people thinking, thinking peoplehave been befuddled by the mysteries of life and existence.
Walker Percy|Observe the eyes, for they are the windows to her soul.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|A “No Excuses” mindset in your family stems directly from your personal growth. If you are not growing as a person, the first impact will affect your family.
Jo Grafford, Viking For Hire|Such is my curse, Branwyn O'Tyre. Every woman I touch is forced to lavish her affections upon me.
Theodora Goss, The Strange Case of the Alchemist's Daughter|Ah, well, when you explain it like that, it seems obvious," said Mudge. "Of course, it always seems obvious once it's been explained.
N.D. Wilson, Death by Living: Life Is Meant to Be Spent|We are narrative creatures, and we need narrative nourishment—narrative catechisms.
Adriana Trigiani, Viola in Reel Life|Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence
Sunday Adelaja|Most people do not take care of their lives, because they don’t value life.
Mercedes Lackey|Write me, so it delights me in such a way to torment me.
Mauric Friedman, Martin Buber: The Life of Dialogue|Though the 'Thou' is not an 'It', it is also not "another 'I'". He who treats a person as "another 'I'" does not really see that person but only a projected image of himself. Such a relation, despite the warmest "personal" feeling is really 'I'-'It'.
Gaston Leroux|For instance, a fireman is a brave fellow! He fears nothing, least ofall fire! Well, the fireman in question, who had gone to make a roundof inspection in the cellars and who, it seems, had ventured a littlefarther than usual, suddenly reappeared on the stage, pale, scared,trembling, with his eyes starting out of his head, and practicallyfainted in the arms of the proud mother of little Jammes.[1] And why?Because he had seen coming toward him, AT THE LEVEL OF HIS HEAD, BUTWITHOUT A BODY ATTACHED TO IT, A HEAD OF FIRE! And, as I said, afireman is not afraid of fire.The fireman's name was Pampin.
Jan Ellison, A Small Indiscretion|People should know answers, should know questions. Should know the road to get to the place where they want!
Voltaire, Philosophical Dictionary|What can you say to a man who tells you he prefers obeying God rather than men, and that as a result he's certain he'll go to heaven if he cuts your throat?
Darnell Lamont Walker|The right people make you realize fame and fortune is cool, but small moments of pure freedom is better.
Kim Hornsby in The Dream Jumper's Secret|I only have secrets that keep you safe, Darlin
Unknown|Earth without "art" is just "eh
Bill Maher|I don't ridicule religion, it ridicules itself.
Andrea Mays, The Millionaire and the Bard: Henry Folger’s Obsessive Hunt for Shakespeare’s First Folio|This reasoning is based on the wishful thinking that genius can only be earned through education and hard work. It denies the time-proven truth that genius can strike like a random bolt of lightning, at any time in any place, even in a humble glover's home in a small town in Elizabethan England.
Mark Helprin|My father was famous for his photographic memory. He was in the OSS. They trained him to be captured on purpose and to read upside down and backwards and commit to memory every document in Germany he saw as he was being interrogated - every schedule on every wall. So, that photographic memory somehow made its way to me when I was young.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Compassion Revolution: 30 Days of Living from the Heart|If you knew today was your last day here, how would you share your love with the world?
Sarah E. Olson, Becoming One: A Story of Triumph Over Dissociative Identity Disorder|Being in a state of denial is auniversally human response tosituations which threaten tooverwhelm. People who were abusedas children sometimes carry theirdenial like precious cargo without aport of destination. It enabled us tosurvive our childhood experiences, and often we still live in survival mode decades beyond the actual abuse. We protect ourselves to excess because we learned abruptly and painfully that no one else would.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Crime|Someone was coming through the velvet.He was pulling it wide, he was stepping onto Kestrel’s balcony—close, closer still as she turned and the curtain swayed, then stopped. He pinned the velvet against frame. He held the sweep of it high, at the level of his gray eyes, which were silver in the shadows.He was here. He had come.Arin.
Marie Lu, The Young Elites|There were once two sisterswho were not afriad of the darkbecause the dark was full of the other's voiceacross the room,because even when the night was thickand starlessthey walked home together from the riverseeing who could last the longestwithout turning on her flashlight,not afraidbecause sometimes in the pitch of nightthey'd lie on their backsin the middle of the pathand look up until the stars came backand when they did,they'd reach their arms up to touch themand did.
Tony Bradman|Robin McKinley's 'The Blue Sword' was a defining book of my teen years, and I'd love to have more books like that in the world.
Lana Del Rey|I was in the winter of my life- and the men I met along the road were my only summer. At night I fell sleep with vision of myself dancing and laughing and crying with them. Three year down the line of being on an endless world tour and memories of them were the only things that sustained me, and my only real happy times. I was a singer, not very popular one, who once has dreams of becoming a beautiful poet- but upon an unfortunate series of events saw those dreams dashed and divided like million stars in the night sky that I wished on over and over again- sparkling and broken. But I really didn’t mind because I knew that it takes getting everything you ever wanted and then losing it to know what true freedom is.When the people I used to know found out what I had been doing, how I had been living- they asked me why. But there’s no use in talking to people who have a home, they have no idea what its like to seek safety in other people, for home to be wherever you lied you head.I was always an unusual girl, my mother told me that I had a chameleon soul. No moral compass pointing me due north, no fixed personality. Just an inner indecisiviness that was as wide as wavering as the ocean. And if I said that I didn’t plan for it to turn out this way I’d be lying- because I was born to be the other woman. I belonged to no one- who belonged to everyone, who had nothing- who wanted everything with a fire for every experience and an obssesion for freedom that terrified me to the point that I couldn’t even talk about- and pushed me to a nomadic point of madness that both dazzled and dizzied me.Every night I used to pray that I’d find my people- and finally I did- on the open road. We have nothing to lose, nothing to gain, nothing we desired anymore- except to make our lives into a work of art.LIVE FAST. DIE YOUNG. BE WILD. AND HAVE FUN.I believe in the country America used to be. I belive in the person I want to become, I believe in the freedom of the open road. And my motto is the same as ever- *I believe in the kindness of strangers. And when I’m at war with myself- I Ride. I Just Ride.*Who are you? Are you in touch with all your darkest fantasies?Have you created a life for yourself where you’re free to experience them?I Have.I Am Fucking Crazy. But I Am Free.
Paul Frost|You have to erect a fence and say  "Okay  scale this."
Shay Dawkins, iSin: Upgrade To Life Version 2.0|Communicating to others WHAT YOU WANT will enable you to start ‘BUILDING YOUR TEAM’ to accomplish whatever goal you have made for yourself. The bigger the goal you make for yourself, the bigger and better TEAM you must BUILD to accomplish the goal. Have average goals? Create an average team or do it by yourself. Have CHAMPIONSHIP GOALS? Create a CHAMPIONSHIP TEAM. Want to be LEGENDARY? Create a LEGENDARY TEAM!
Taylor Swift|It never mattered to me that people in school didn't think that country music was cool, and they made fun of me for it - though it did matter to me that I was not wearing the clothes that everybody was wearing at that moment. But at some point, I was just like, 'I like wearing sundresses and cowboy boots.'
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Thought and knowledge are natures in which apparatus and pretension avail nothing. Gowns, and pecuniary foundations, though of towns of gold, can never countervail the least sentence or syllable of wit. Forget this, and out American colleges will recede in their public importance whilst they grow richer every year.
Liliana Shelbrook, Lantern in the Mist|Snow crunched under the feet of three cloaked figures – a queen, her lady, and a gravedigger – as they hurried along a moonlit path in Windsor Castle's lower ward. The gravedigger pushed a cart that held a slab of marble, his pick and shovel, and some straw. When the trio reached the steps of St. George's Chapel, Queen Mary stopped. She turned her head, pushing aside the fur of her hood, and a gust of wind needled her with crystallized snow. She looked back at her attendants. Was she wrong to trust them with this night's work?
|Don't allow your pride to stop you from positioning yourself in a circle where you are the least successful one. There is no denial that you could learn some valuable things from people who are more successful than you,that could take you to a much higher level in life.
Olarewaju Oladipo, 3SqMeals Tweets: Not Your Typical Meal - Volume 2|If you have been told that you are late and unreliable more than once, then not only do you lack punctuality, but you also lack decency and seriousness, which is certainly very annoying.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Give a smile always, not once a while. Life's great when you wake up and ignore the scaring nightmares you had. Forget the bitter bile; life's sweet beyond River Nile. File your teeth out and smile!
Rafael Sabatini|If we go back to the beginning we shall find that ignorance and fear created the gods; that fancy, enthusiasm, or deceit adorned or disfigured them; that weakness worships them; that credulity preserves them, and that custom, respect and tyranny support them in order to make the blindness of man serve its own interests.
Aishah Madadiy, Bits of Heaven|Imagine a hundred million people clicking polls and typing in their favorite TV shows and products and political leanings, day after day. It’s the biggest data profile ever. And it’s voluntary. That’s the funny part. People resist a census, but give them a profile page and they’ll spend all day telling you who they are.
Paulo Coelho|Water does not resist. Water flows. When you plunge your hand into it, all you feel is a caress. Water is not a solid wall, it will not stop you. But water always goes where it wants to go, and nothing in the end can stand against it. Water is patient. Dripping water wears away a stone. Remember that, my child. Remember you are half water. If you can't go through an obstacle, go around it. Water does.
Jodi Picoult, Change of Heart|My father didn't tell me how to live;he lived, and let me watch him do it
Dian Fossey|Take care of your common sense, and your dignity will take care of itsself
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven King|The same word passed through three minds, simultaneously, philosophical, fatalistic, the eternal refuge of the Italian: Pazienza....
James Fallows|Presently, the Commission for Commemorating 350 Years of American Jewish History has been brought about to encourage and sponsor a variety of historical activities that advance our understanding of the American Jewish experience as it marks this milestone anniversary.
Brock Yates|New York is at once cosmopolitan and parochial, a compendium of sentimental certainties. It is in fact the most sentimental of the world's great cities - in its self-congratulation a kind of San Francisco of the East
Leo Tolstoy|I don't want to sound like a Hallmark card, but to be able to wake up each day with food and shelter, that alone is good. Forget aging and the fact that my butt is becoming a little more familiar with my knees than my tailbone. If you are six feet above ground it's a good day. So, give me more!
Kambiz Shabankare|Ironically, we often fail to see that whenever we compromise ourselves to please others, we tend to lose their respect.
Steve Abbott|A diplomat who says “yes” means “maybe", a diplomat who says “maybe" means “no”, and a diplomat who says “no” is no diplomat.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|After you find out all the things that can go wrong, your life becomes less about living and more about waiting.
Deyth Banger|Books can kill you, while you are reading.
J.M. McDermott, Straggletaggle|Dignity is to have a dream, a strong one, which gives you a vision, a world where you have a place, where whatever it is you have to contribute makes a difference.
Samer Chidiac|You can not teach art, it's not to be taught, but felt and lived, or else it is naught.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Discard negative comments, criticism and influences.
Adwitiya Borah, The Wrong Vantage Point|Sometimes, you've got to forget life's lessons, trust your heart and give 'mistake' a second chance.
Andrew Clements, Things Hoped For|Then a person has only one tale?”No, some have two or three separate ones or more,” Fleet said. “Some people have many tales. Sometimes they are linked into one big tale, sometimes they are utterly distinct. Most people do not have one at all.
Dante Alighieri|The history of thought, of knowledge, of philosophy, of literature seems to be seeking, and discovering, more and more discontinuities, whereas history itself appears to be abandoning the irruption of events in favor of stable structures.
Ann Hood, The Obituary Writer|This was how to help a family who has just lost their child. Wash the clothes, make soup. Don't ask them what they need, bring them what they need. Keep them warm. Listen to them rant, and cry, and tell their story over and over.
Peter Ustinov|Since we are destined to live out our lives in the prison of our minds, it is our duty to furnish it well.
Gail Honeyman, Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine|I had no idea how to respond, and opted for a smile, which serves me well on most occasions (not if it's something to do with death or illness, though -- I know that now.)
Anthony Marais, Delusionism|There is nothing wrong with being fascinated by the dark side of life, and ourselves, but woe to those who think this is representative of reality. All too many of us sit in our homes watching TV, falling prey to the delusion that the world is getting worse. If these sorry individuals spent more time meeting their neighbors, they’d discover that 95% of their peers are fine people.
Jean Vanier, Eruption to Hope|A platform without the Holy Spirit is like land without a spring. If we gain our Promise Land without Living Water, it will become desolate.
Teresa Schultz, The Bible In Poetry,|God needs loving, accepting, and compassionate people—not accepting of sin, but accepting God’s forgiveness of sin for all who repent. 
Jerry Reed|Nature is at work. Character and destiny are her handiwork. She gives us love and hate, jealousy and reverence. All that is ours is the power to choose which impulse we shall follow.
Suzan Battah, BaSatai: Outside In # 1|She tapped her chest. “No, I’m not a freak, okay, so could you stop pressuring me.”Rafael muttered something under his breath, throwing up his hands in surrender. “So what am I? What’s Karhl, Jayani, my brother, and all the BaSatai? Are we all freaks? Justbecause this human has some kind of fascination with labeling you, you believe in it. Be your own person, Armani, not what someone else says you are.
Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S|I lay it down as a fact that if all men knew what others say of them, there would not be four friends in the world.
Hubert Martin|I don't know anymore, whether it's a curse or a blessing to see the beauty in the ugly. Growing up simply and getting old complexly. I now see reason behind sin, and love behind pain.
Martin Filler|Of course I know very little about architecture, and the older I get the less I know.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|Hughes might discuss Calvinism ably, but he did not live it, he was—by Time corporate standards—just a little lazy.
Rosina Lippi-Green|Certainly there are very real differences between us of race, age, and sex. But it is not those differences between us that are separating us. It is rather our refusal to recognize those differences, and to examine the distortions which result from our misnaming them and their effects upon human behavior and expectation.
Radhika Mundra|Life makes us suffer at times if we cruise through such moments and look forward to the light the day brings, that darkness that has crippled our mind can be fought and it can be defeated.
E.M.Bounds|Lack of spiritual desire should grieve us and lead us to lament its absence, to seek earnestly for its bestowal, so that our praying, henceforth, should be an expression of the soul's sincere desire.
Raymond Chandler|People say to write about what you know. I'm here to tell you, no one wants to read that, cos you don't know anything. So write about something you don't know. And don't be scared, ever.
Jackie French, The Girl from Snowy River|We're all bits that the war didn't take, Flinty thought, gazing at the stranger's back. But those left behind had a right to know more about the beast who'd chewed their lives and spat the remnants out.
Lionel Suggs|If losers can exploit what their adversaries teach them, yes, losers can become winners in the long term.
Angelica Hopes|This book is a personal memoir; but it is also a larger story-about carelessness and guilt, and the wreckage they can make of lives.
Martin Luther King Jr., Why We Can't Wait|Three hundred years of humiliation, abuse and deprivation cannot be expected to find voice in a whisper.
Leonardo da Vinci|You don't trust what you don't know, and you don't know, what you don't trust.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We should be about our Father’s business by pouring His compassionate love into aching and parched souls that have nowhere to turn, no one to love, and no one to care. Let them see Jesus in us. That is a living testimony.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you devote three to six hours of your time every day to practicing anything repeatedly, in the next five years, you will become one of the best in the world.
Steve Alten, The Loch|More bloodshed followed, as brother fought brother and religion battled religion in the age-old nonsense of settling whose method of worship was the holiest to our Creator, who, for all our murderous efforts, most likely despises the lot of us.
Agus Harimurti Yudhoyono|Until our hearts find complete security and significance in God's unconditional love, we will never be satisfied.
Livy, The Early History of Rome:|The political reputation of Servius rests upon his organization of society according to a fixed scale of rank and fortune. He originated the census, a measure of the highest utility to a state destined, as Rome was, to future preeminence; for by means of its public service, in peace as well as in war, could thence forward be regularly organized on the basis of property; every man's contribution could be in proportion to his means.
Hal Borland|LONDON. Michaelmas Term lately over, and the Lord Chancellor sitting in Lincoln’s Inn Hall. Implacable November weather. As much mud in the streets as if the waters had but newly retired from the face of the earth, and it would not be wonderful to meet a Megalosaurus, forty feet long or so, waddling like an elephantine lizard up Holborn Hill. Smoke lowering down from chimney-pots, making a soft black drizzle, with flakes of soot in it as big as full-grown snow-flakes — gone into mourning, one might imagine, for the death of the sun. Dogs, undistinguishable in mire. Horses, scarcely better; splashed to their very blinkers. Foot passengers, jostling one another’s umbrellas in a general infection of ill-temper, and losing their foot-hold at street-corners, where tens of thousands of other foot passengers have been slipping and sliding since the day broke (if the day ever broke), adding new deposits to the crust upon crust of mud, sticking at those points tenaciously to the pavement, and accumulating at compound interest. Fog everywhere. Fog up the river, where it flows among green aits and meadows; fog down the river, where it rolls defiled among the tiers of shipping and the waterside pollutions of a great (and dirty) city. Fog on the Essex marshes, fog on the Kentish heights. Fog creeping into the cabooses of collier-brigs; fog lying out on the yards, and hovering in the rigging of great ships; fog drooping on the gunwales of barges and small boats. Fog in the eyes and throats of ancient Greenwich pensioners, wheezing by the firesides of their wards; fog in the stem and bowl of the afternoon pipe of the wrathful skipper, down in his close cabin; fog cruelly pinching the toes and fingers of his shivering little ’prentice boy on deck. Chance people on the bridges peeping over the parapets into a nether sky of fog, with fog all round them, as if they were up in a balloon, and hanging in the misty clouds. Gas looming through the fog in divers places in the streets, much as the sun may, from the spongey fields, be seen to loom by husbandman and ploughboy. Most of the shops lighted two hours before their time — as the gas seems to know, for it has a haggard and unwilling look. The raw afternoon is rawest, and the dense fog is densest, and the muddy streets are muddiest near that leaden-headed old obstruction, appropriate ornament for the threshold of a leaden-headed old corporation, Temple Bar. And hard by Temple Bar, in Lincoln’s Inn Hall, at the very heart of the fog, sits the Lord High Chancellor in his High Court of Chancery.
Christina Lauren, Dirty Rowdy Thing|My voice of reason is always Lola. "You're a jackass.""You only say that when I'm being your voice of reason.""Out of my head, witch. And don't piss me off, I tell her. "I'll buy you underwear one size too small for Christmas and make you hate life.
Malcom X|Saying both sides participated in violence doesn't mean both sides are equally ideologically wrong, you know.
John McGahern, All Will Be Well: A Memoir|These young-marrying, contemporaries or juniors of the Beat Generation, have often expressed themselves as follows: "My highest aim in life is to achieve a normal healthy marriage and raise healthy [non-neurotic] children." On the face of it, this remark is preposterous. What was always taken as a usual and advantageous life-condition for work in the world and the service of God, is now regarded as an heroic goal to be striven for. Yet we see that it is a hard goal to achieve against the modern obstacles. Also it is a real goal, with objective problems that a man can work at personally, and take responsibility for, and make decisions about—unlike the interpersonal relations of the corporation, or the routine of the factory job for which the worker couldn't care less.But now, suppose the young man is achieving this goal: he has the wife, the small kids, the suburban home, and the labor-saving domestic devices. How is it that it is the same man who uniformly asserts that he is in a Rat Race? Either the goal does not justify itself, or indeed he is not really achieving it. Perhaps the truth is, if marriage and children are the goal, a man cannot really achieve it. It is not easy to conceive of a strong husband and father who does not justified in his work and independent in the world. Correspondingly, his wife feels justified in the small children, but does she have a man, do the children have a father, if he is running a Rat Race? Into what world do the small children grow up in such a home?
Colleen Hoover, Too Late|I’ve wanted everything in my life to change for so long, and when it’s finally about to, my urge to escape slows down. I think that’s why people stay unhappy for so long, you know? Miserable or not, it’s easier to stick with what’s familiar. Do you notice that, too? How all of us just want to get through life as quickly and as easily as possible? And even though we know that without risk there’s no reward, we’re still so scared to chance it?
Li Bai|Jen, we did it. Everyone's free now.
Chiki101|The only darkness you must fear is the the one that burns in your soul." *Chiki101*
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|Belief isn't simply a thing for fair times and bright days, I think. What is belief- what is faith- if you don't continue in it after failure.
Leonard Ravenhill|It is easy to find religion; it is salvation most seek. After committing to a life of Christ, salvation is lost in those who stray and do not repent. Those who have not committed cannot stray.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Reading...inspires,enlightens,nurtures,refines,educates,informs,transforms,persuades,challenges,engages, entertains,mesmerizes,captivates,gratifies,rewards,quiets,and calms.Granted, it won't get the dishes done,but sacrifices must be made.
Melissa Marr, Wicked Lovely|I wrote about the person I love most, my older brother, Noah. We don't live together so I wrote what I imagine he does when we're not together.""And what is that?" prodded the stout man. "He's a superhero who saves people in danger, because he saved me and my brother from dying in a fire a couple of years ago. Noah is better than Batman." The crowd chuckled. "I love you, too, lil'bro.
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|On those occasions when he had killed in the dark, he later needed to see his victims' faces because, in some unlit corner of his heart, he half expected to find his own face looking up at him, ice-white and dead-eyed. "Deep down," the dream-victim had said, "You know that you're already dead yourself, burnt out inside. You realize that you have far more in common with your victims after you've killed them than before.
Robert Morgan|Poetry, almost by definition, calls attention to its language and form.
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|When a people has no translations and is unable to promote its culture, it does not exist.
Fabrizio Moreira, The Gift That Would Change My Life|No one can make you successful, the will to succeed comes from within
Kaitlin Scott, For Danny|Well, I would tell Danny. I'd probably edit for Josh. That is if there wasanything worth editing.“Joshua Roberts, you had better get your butt on the move!” Dannyhollered as he walked down the stairs.I was nervously waiting for them to leave as I pretended to watch TV inthe front room.“We're going to be late.”“So the hair crisis is under control I see.”“A stray hair will never win between a bottle of gel and a gay man,” hedeclared with a smile. “Joshua!”“I'm coming. I'm coming.”I heard his sandals click on the stairs and I waited to see if the mentalimage matched the real one. To my non surprise it did.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|The PCT would lead me to an otherworld, through the sadness I felt here, out of it.
Nicole Bonomi|Get better acquainted with yourself, and understand the burning ambitions that dwell within. Be brave enough to follow these. They're your dreams. Follow your dreams. They are your purpose - your purpose will fulfil you. Find it, pursue it, stop at nothing. A happier you makes a happier world.
John Connolly, A Game of Ghosts|If it is true that nature abhors a vacuum, then criminality regards it as a business opportunity.
Auliq-Ice|The greatest act of personal courage is conscientiously to mature, by resolutely striving to achieve self-actualization and self-realization. A person who knows their true self and lives their life in an authentic manner while pursuing their honest passions will lose his misery.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You can see a person without using your eyes,hear a person without using your ears,carry a person without using your hands,speak to a person without using your mouth,and move a person without using your feet.
Christopher Moore, Coyote Blue|Free markets and capitalism are predicated upon the definition of greed as altruistic in economics".~R. Alan Woods [2012]
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|Ever see moors murderer Ian Brady, study his photos, study Black, study Cannon, study Sutcliffe - study them all! Who says evil is not recognisable?
Min Kim|People believe in everything, except the reality.
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|He was in conflict with himself. There was no enjoyment in the thought that he had escaped a great danger, and in the midst of his uneasy reflections he had a sudden breathless conviction that she made him feel old because he loved her. Then he felt a hatred of himself, gathering into one mighty heap all the fierce and bitter hatred he had cherished for others and pouring it out on himself.
Vladimir Nabokov|I am looking at him, I am witnessing a unique physiological phenomenon: John Shade perceiving and transforming the world, taking it in and taking it apart, re-combining its elements in the very process of storing them up so as to produce at some unspecified date an organic miracle, a fusion of image and music, a line of verse.
WISDOM KWASHIE MENSAH (WKM)|Focus on the dreams, there may be distractions but still, focus.
Emily P. Freeman, Simply Tuesday: Small-Moment Living in a Fast-Moving World|Sometimes that's what prayer is--simply inviting God to join us where we actually are, not because He isn't already here but because inviting Him reminds us it's true.
John Bunyan, The Holy War|O my Mansoul, I have lived, I have died, I live, and I will die no more for thee. I live that thou mayest not die. Because I live thou shalt live also; I reconciled thee to my Father by the blood of My cross, and being reconciled thou shalt live through me. I will pray for thee, I will fight for thee, I will yet do thee good. Nothing can hurt thee but sin; nothing can grieve Me but sin; nothing can make thee base before thy foes but sin; take heed of sin, my Mansoul.
Conrad Williams, Best New Horror 23|He was a prisoner to the calendar, he realised, as we all were. He thought in little boxes that were to be ticked off and filled with things to do. Almost every day he thought back to what he had been doing ten years ago, twenty years ago, further. He lived in the past, by his diary. He was a history man, his head full of dead leaves. It was a form of reassurance, he knew. There were too many roads into the future and he didn't like not having a map for it.("Wait")
Brandan Roberston, Nomad: A spirituality for travelling light|What if one's tendency to go wandering off is truly a gift? What if the driving force beneath the curiosity that leads a person to wander off the beaten path is not immaturity, but the wild, untamable Spirit of God, drawing them into the foliage to be refined, to discover fresh insights, and pioneer a new way forward for a new group of people?
Dieter F. Uchtdorf|[God] loves us because He is filled with an infinite measure of holy, pure, and indescribable love. We are important to God not because of our résumé but because we are His children. He loves every one of us, even those who are flawed, rejected, awkward, sorrowful, or broken. God's love is so great that He loves even the proud, the selfish, the arrogant, and the wicked.What this means is that, regardless of our current state, there is hope for us. No matter our distress, no matter our sorrow, no matter our mistakes, our infinitely compassionate Heavenly Father desires that we draw near to Him so that He can draw near to us.
Paul Oxton|We have the power to build a new consensus, which rejects killing as a method for achieving results. And we can look forward to a time when the wholesale slaughter of animals in shelters is viewed as a cruel aberration of the past. We have a choice.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|Set a goal when you’re ready for it, make a plan, and stick with it.
Justine Bateman|I unfortunately had a lot of medical procedures throughout my life, so I decided to paint all of my surgeries as a way to heal and as a way to grow.
Julia Cameron|Be a sinner and sin strongly, but more strongly have faith and rejoice in Christ.
Blake Crouch, Dark Matter|And we're not lost."We are so fucking lost. Literally adrift in the nothing space between universes.
Tushar Upreti|It was too easy to lie, when you’d practised it a few times. It was hard the first time, but once it flow from your tongue like the perfect summer breeze, and everybody seemed to believe in it, it became mundane. You’d just have to program it first, copy and paste the same old sentences all over again.
Nancy Gibbs|When your culture comes from watching TV every day, you're bombarded with images of things that seem cool, places that seem interesting, people who have jobs and careers and opportunities. None of that happened where I was. You're almost taught to realize it's not for you.
Seth Godin, Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?|The job is what you do when you are told what to do. The job is showing up at the factory, following instructions, meeting spec, and being managed.Someone can always do your job a little better or faster or cheaper than you can.The job might be difficult, it might require skill, but it's a job.Your art is what you do when no one can tell you exactly how to do it. Your art is the act of taking personal responsibility, challenging the status quo, and changing people.I call the process of doing your art 'the work.' It's possible to have a job and do the work, too. In fact, that's how you become a linchpin.The job is not the work.
A.W. Tozer, The Pursuit of God|With the veil removed by the rending of Jesus' flesh, with nothing on God's side to prevent us from entering, why do we tarry without? Why do we consent to abide all our days just outside the Holy of Holies and never enter at all to look upon God? We hear the Bridegroom say, `Let me see thy countenance, let me hear thy voice; for sweet is thy voice and thy countenance is comely.' (Song of Sol 2:14) We sense that the call is for us, but still we fail to draw near, and the years pass and we grow old and tired in the outer courts of the tabernacle. What doth hinder us?The answer usually given, simply that we are `cold,' will not explain all the facts. There is something more serious than coldness of heart, something that may be back of that coldness and be the cause of its existence. What is it? What but the presence of a veil in out hearts? A veil not taken away as the first veil was, but which remains there still shutting out the light and hiding the face of God from us. It is the veil of our fleshly fallen nature living on, unjudged within us, uncrucified and unrepudiated. It is the close- woven veil of the self-life which we have never truly acknowledged, of which we have been secretly ashamed, and which for these reasons we have never brought to the judgment of the cross. It is not too mysterious, this opaque veil, nor is it hard to identify. We have but to look in our own hearts and we shall see it there, sewn and patched and repaired it may be, but there nevertheless, an enemy to our lives and an effective block to our spiritual progress.This veil is not a beautiful thing and it is not a thing about which we commonly care to talk, but I am addressing the thirsting souls who are determined to follow God, and I know they will not turn back because the way leads temporarily through the blackened hills. The urge of God within them will assure their continuing the pursuit. They will face the facts however unpleasant and endure the cross for the joy set before them. So I am bold to mane the threads out of which this inner veil is woven. It is woven of the fine threads of the self-life, the hyphenated sins of the human spirit. They are not something we do, they are something we are, and therein lies both their subtlety and their power.
Morrissey|The sky in Seattle is so low, it felt like God had lowered a silk parachute over us. Every feeling I ever knew was up in that sky. Twinkling joyous sunlight; airy, giggle cloud wisps; blinding columns of sun. Orbs of gold, pink. flesh, utterly cheesy in their luminosity. Gigantic puffly clouds, welcoming, forgiving, repeating infinitely across the horizon as if between mirrors; and slices of rain, pounding wet misery in the distance now, but soon on us, and in another part of the sky, a black stain, rainless.
Leon Foucault|Nearly all of our existing power sources are generators which use a heat cycle. This includes our coal, oil, and gas fired utilities, our automobiles, trucks, and trains, and even our nuclear fission utility power plants.
Harriet Tubman|Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.
Dada Bhagwan|The worldly life just goes round and round; there is no end to it. If you want to bring an end to it, ask the Gnani Purush [The enlightened one], ‘How long do I have to keep on wandering? I have been going round and round like the ox running the millwheel. Tell the Gnani Purush ‘please bring about a resolution for me!
Miguel Syjuco|I’m thirty-six years old, but I don’t feel like it. Some days I feel like I’m twenty-one, some days I feel like I’m pushing sixty.
Glee|The narcissist, cut off from her spirituality, is one who spends unquantifiable energy supporting and maintaining and utterly and completely fake self, in denial of one's true self, trading it for glamour to compensate for a core of being that is simply wracked,a deep dark cold void; using and abusing others to maintain and sustain the false state. this fake self is contrived in absentia from the connectivity that even the most unaware take for granted. The narcissist doesn't see other human beings.
Vironika Tugaleva|Sometimes "No" is the kindest word.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|And when she started becoming a “young lady,” and no one was allowed to look at her because she thought she was fat. And how she really wasn’t fat. And how she was actually very pretty. And how different her face looked when she realized boys thought she was pretty. And how different her face looked the first time she really liked a boy who was not on a poster on her wall. And how her face looked when she realized she was in love with that boy. I wondered how her face would look when she came out from behind those doors.
Sayantan Sen, Oneness - A collection of poetry|When there is nothing to catchAnd nothing is catching you,You are free;From all your separations!
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|Wherever there is somebody else, a war is not far away.
Val Uchendu|All art forms possess liberty beyond space and time, yet grounded by urgency of now, and a breath of truth.
Rudyard Kipling, The Complete Stalky and Co.|It seems - and who so astonished as they? - that they had held back material facts; that they were guilty of both suppressio veri and suggestio falsi (well-known gods against whom they often offended); further, that they were malignant in their dispositions, untrustworthy in their characters, pernicious and revolutionary in their influences, abandoned to the devils of wilfulness, pride, and a most intolerable conceit. Ninthly, and lastly, they were to have a care and to be very careful.
Martin Suarez|Things I learned from a man called “The Nazarene” 1- Being poor does not equal being miserable.2- People will judge you, but their judgment should not define who you are.3- Going against what others hold as true is not necessarily a bad thing. 4- Everyone is sacred. 5- Life is sometimes a lonely and dry place, like desert, but those times are there to help us meditate on what is truly important in our lives.6- Complaining or getting angry because there is a storm in our lives solves nothing; embrace the storm and keep calm. 7- Treasure and protect the children of the world, they hold the key of what is pure and innocent; they are the way to freedom. 8- We are free to be who we want to be, it is our choice to be slaves or kings. 9- Fear nothing.10- The person you don’t like is also your neighbor. 11- The words following “I AM” define who we are, we must choose wisely.
Suzanne Brockmann, Do or Die|[describing Aaron, hero's brother] His hair was shorter and lighter, and his eyes were more green than blue. And even though he was tall, he wasn’t quite super-sized. He was more sculpted, more … elegant. more slender and beautiful and less raw-boned. Less Stone Age and more Bronze Age—but till the kind of man who enjoyed living in a cave.
Jonathan Price, Put That in Writing|If you'd blush saying something in person, don't write it.
Joan Jett|Sometimes I wish I could drive a car, but I'm gonna drive a car one day, so I don't worry about that.
Joe Abercrombie, Half a King|You can like people and still betray them, if it was for a cause you believed in passionately enough. You have to betray other people rather than betray yourself--if that's what it comes to.
Chelsea Handler, My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands|There is nothing so difficult to arrive at as the nature and personality of one's parents. Death, about which so much mystery is made,is perhaps no mystery at all. But the history of one's parents has to be pieced together from fragments, their motives and characters guessed at, and the truth about them remains deeply buried, like a boulder that projects one small surface above the level of smooth lawn, and when you come to dig around it, it proves to be too large ever to move, though each year's frost forces it up a little higher.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|Then sudden Felagund there swayingSang in answer a song of staying,Resisting, battling against power,Of secrets kept, strength like a tower,And trust unbroken, freedom, escape;Of changing and of shifting shape,Of snares eluded, broken traps,The prison opening, the chain that snaps.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The more we serve, the more strength, we receive to keep the good deeds.
Charles Dance|Now that I look back on it, having retired from being a reporter, it was kind of romantic. It was a wonderful way to live one's life, just as I imagined it would be when I was 6 or 7.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Every time I think I'm missing a piece of me, you give it back.
Deyth Banger|Don’t be afraid of an endless road, but the road with an end!
Bryan Houghton, Mitre And Crook|Moreover, our certitudes were closely bound to a given set of symbols. Change the well defined Latin term for an undefined Greek one and every bishop and every priest found himself at a loss. We knew the catechism by heart; mention catechesis and we are no longer sure who made us and why. We could manage a dogmatic sermon all right but just listen to our homilies! We were absolutely firm about confession and contrition; all our firmness vanished at the one word METANOIA. We knew exactly what the Mass was; the Eucharist is hazy. Even the Consecration and the Real Presence have been engulfed in the mist of ANAMNESIS. All this is patently true, is undeniable. We had received a solid theological training in our seminaries. It did not stand the test. It collapsed overnight without leaving track or trace.
Robert Frost|I am not a teacher, but an awakener.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|A man learns with age, if he is lucky.
Doris Kearns Goodwin|This pervasive craving to be recognized as special amounted to an abdication of power, an outsourcing of your core responsibilities. I spurned the fawning of strangers, but I did feel special to myself. I had found that "feeling special" was a private experience, and no one else's projected fascination could substitute for quiet absorption in your own life.
Bill Watterson, Calvin and Hobbes: Sunday Pages 1985-1995: An Exhibition Catalogue|Dad, how do soldiers killing each other solve the world's problems?
Michelle DeRusha, Spiritual Misfit: A Memoir of Uneasy Faith|Love is being able to carry each others circumstances and making it your own, even though you didn't play a role in its foundation.
Richard Ford, The Sportswriter|I know you can dream your way through an otherwise fine life, and never wake up, which is what I almost did.
Shia LaBeouf|Now my dad is with me, traveling with me and a big part of this whole thing is I like to mix it up a little bit, you know. Who gets to take their father on a private jet across the country and stay in first class hotels? So we're enjoying it, but I'd stop if it's not possible.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If wish to be free from evil of sin, we must study the Scriptures.
Loretta Napoleoni|I'm not a lawyer, and maybe I should have used more specific legal language.
Andrea Bouchaud, Twenty in Paris: A Young American Perspective of Studying Abroad in Paris|life is like a tree, when you feeling down the leaves fall off.
Kahlil Gibran|Your clothes conceal much of your beauty, yet they hide not the unbeautiful.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|Your economic security does not lie in your job; it lies in your own power to produce- to think, to learn, to create, to adapt. That's true financial independence. It's not having wealth; it's having the power to produce wealth. It's intrinsic.
Ted Hughes|That's the paradox: the only time most people feel alive is when they're suffering, when something overwhelms their ordinary, careful armour, and the naked child is flung out onto the world. That's why the things that are worst to undergo are best to remember. But when that child gets buried away under their adaptive and protective shells—he becomes one of the walking dead, a monster.
Alexis de Tocqueville|Rights mean you have a right to your life. You have a right to your liberty, and you should have a right to keep the fruits of your labor....I, in a way, don’t like to use those terms: gay rights, women’s rights, minority rights, religious rights. There’s only one type of right. It’s the right to your liberty.
Laurence B. Brown, The Eighth Scroll|The question is whether they can find a way out and remain what they are. To adapt themselves to real life, they borrow from each other. Christianity , which has become a church, began to talk about work, wealth, power, education, science, marriage, laws, social justice, and so forth. And materialism , on the other hand, which became socialism or an order, a state, speaks about humanism , morality, art, creation, justice, responsibility, freedom and so forth.
C.C. Hunter, Awake at Dawn|You knocked the door down." Disbelief rang in his matter-of-fact tone. "I know," she answered,unable to say anything else. Unable to look away from his body."But it's solid oak.""I know." She felt the solid oak beneath her and a little shocked that she'd done it, too. If it mattered at all, her shoulder felt a little bruised. And it was the slight pain that brought some reality back into the moment. "You don't have any clothes on." Oh, God, did she really say that?
Danielle L. Jensen, Hidden Huntress|You can talk about everything, your deepest struggles and your most terrific happiness, with a #supersoulfriend. Send your #SSF a hug today!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Every kind of contempt for sex, every impurification of it by means of the concept "impure", is the crime par excellence against life--is the real sin against the holy spirit of life
Anne Carson, Eros the Bittersweet|To be running breathlessly, but not yet arrived, is itself delightful, a suspended moment of living hope.
Kate Morton, The Distant Hours|You cannot stop the birds of sorrow from flying over your head, but you can stop them nesting in your hair.
Stephenie Meyer, Twilight|You never know, until it happens, what you will owe the dead.
Dada Bhagwan|When you become worthy of people’s worship, you will be able to attain moksha (liberation), you cannot go to moksha just like that. Reproach (criticism) by people is the cause of a life in the lower realms.
Edna Ferber|A woman who is praying and a woman who is having fun, they both say " Oh My God", the only difference is how they pronounce it.
Liane Moriarty, What Alice Forgot|Many a night I woke to the murmer of paper and knew (Dad) was up, sitting in the kitchen with frayed King James - oh, but he worked that book; he held to it like a rope ladder.
Eben Alexander, Proof of Heaven: A Neurosurgeon's Journey into the Afterlife|I would I were in the kingdom of heaven if it be as you and Mr. Graham take it for!" said Clementina."You must be in it, my lady, or you couldn't wish it to be such as it is.""Can one be in it and yet seem to himself to be out of it. Malcolm?""So many are out of it that seem to be in it, my lady, that one might well imagine it the other way around with some.
Orson Scott Card|Welcome to the human race. Nobody controls his own life, Ender. The best you can do is choose to fill the roles given you by good people, by people who love you.
Stephen Covey|He who is prudent and lies in wait for an enemy who is not, will be victorious.
Bill Bryson, A Walk in the Woods|If the mattress stains were anything to go by, a previous user had not so much suffered from incontinence as rejoiced in it.
Charles   Lee, The Way To Dawn: Dominion of Eden|Sometimes the unyielding are just fighting to stay alive. No one wants to find out that their life was a lie. And when you change someone’s mind, you are only rebirthing them into your reality. You destroyed one truth just to replace it with your own. And now you’ve just played God, without declaring yourself as God.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|That is how life goes- we send our children into the wilderness. Some of them on the day they are born, it seems, for all the help we can give them. Some of them seem to be a kind of wilderness unto themselves. But there must be angels there, too, and springs of water. Even that wilderness, the very habitation of jackals, is the Lord's.
Ranata Suzuki|It’s just never going to get any easier is it. It’s never going away, this missing you. It’s going to become a sadness I incorporate into myself – along with all the other sadnesses – and quietly carry around with me forever…
Mehmet Murat ildan|However hard life is, deep in our hearts we know that it is worth to continue till the end!
Tony Campolo, Red Letter Christians: A Christian's Guide to Faith and Politics, a Citizen's Guide to Faith and Politics|Perhaps because our culture and politics have gone so off course, with values so contrary to those of Jesus, more and more people intuitively recognize that His vision of God's kingdom-a new world of compassion, justice, integrity and peace- is the Good News they've been searching and waiting for.
Martin Luther King Jr.|The ultimate weakness of violence is that it is a descending spiral, begetting the very thing it seeks to destroy. Instead of diminishing evil, it multiplies it. Through violence you may murder the liar, but you cannot murder the lie, nor establish the truth. Through violence you murder the hater, but you do not murder hate. In fact, violence merely increases hate...Returning violence for violence multiplies violence, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
Cecilia Bartoli|Miracles are not contrary to nature, but only contrary to what we know about nature.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|A major gap between many of the denominations stems from how people define some of the most basic terms, such as 'religion' itself.
Father Robert Farrar Capon|I have always believed that in the lives of individuals, just as in society at large, the profoundest changes take place within a very reduced time frame.When we least expected it, life sets us a challenge to test our courage and willingness to change; at such a moment, there is no point in pretending that nothing has happened or in saying that we are not ready yet.The challenge will not wait.Life does not look back.A week is more than enough time for us to decide whether or not to accept our destiny.
Ursula K. Le Guin|lmost everything looked more beautiful from a distance, the earth becoming more perfect as one ascended and came closer to seeing the world from God's eyes, man's hovels and palaces disappearing, the peaks and valleys of geography fading to become strokes of a paintbrush on a divine sphere.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|The blessing hands of Christ are like a roof that protects us. But at the same time, they are a gesture of opening up, tearing the world open so that heaven my enter in, may become "present" within it.
Kate McGahan|If you take care of everything inside of you, God will take care of everything outside of you.
Gavin Newsom|One hundred years before the Pilgrims landed at Plymouth, the Spanish government issued a decree authorizing the enslavement of the American Indian as in accord with the law of God and man.
Ja Rule|The reason I always loved 'The Omen' so much, and what has always been scariest to me, is anything to do with God. Anything to do with God is quite frightening because fear is something that's very much expressed in a church environment, and I grew up in one. And the fear of God was very much instilled me at a very young age.
John le Carré, The Spy Who Came In from the Cold|This is a war," Lemas replied. "It's graphic and unpleasant because it's fought on a tiny scale, at close range; fought with a wastage of innocent life sometimes, I admit. But it's nothing, nothing at all besides other wars - the last or the next.
Darin Strauss, Half a Life|A day came when I should have died, and after that nothing seemed very important. So I have stayed as I am, without regret, separated from the normal human condition.
Michael Moore, Stupid White Men|Activism begins with you, Democracy begins with you, get out there, get active! Tag, you're it
Edward O. Sisson|Every man whose tastes have been allowed to develop in wrong directions, or in whom the best tastes have failed of higher perfection, loses thereby from the inner joy and outer value of his whole life. Every good taste is a source and guarantee of happy healthy hours and days, and thus of the enrichment and elevation of life. A reasonable capacity to appreciate music and art quite suffices to enrich life and exercise a wholesome influence upon character. The taste for good reading is inseparable from a taste for good thinking.
Linus Torvalds|As a Christian, I know my life is in God's hands. He has a plan for me. Therefore, I never worry about tomorrow or never worry about winning or losing football games. That knowledge gives me a lot of composure in tough situations.
Gerard Way|It's easy to look at the things of this world to solve our challenges and obstacles in life, but when we submit our lives to Christ, His grace, mercy, peace and love will bring true fulfillment to our lives.
J.R.    Miller|People give pain, are callous and insensitive, empty and cruel...but place heals the hurt, soothes the outrage, fills the terrible vacuum that these human beings make.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Make It Fun. Have you ever been publicly acknowledged or called upon in a room filled with people? Depending on your personality type, it can be either exhilarating or mortifying. It certainly does grab your attention, as well as everyone else’s!
Kelley Armstrong, The Summoning|Interestingly, the patients who presented to me self-diagnosed [with Dissociative Identity Disorder had tried to tell previous therapists of their plight, but had been disbelieved. These therapists had used fallacious ﻿"capricious criteria" (KIuft, 1988) to discredit the diagnosis; e.g., that the patient could not possibly have MPD because ﻿she was aware of the other alters [sic!].
R.A. Salvatore, Exile|We all have regrets. Anyone who says they have none is a liar, and anyone who thinks they'll live without acquiring some is a fool.
Michael Diack, The Super Spud Trilogy|Our friend Chewy doesn’t speak much, but he chews a lot of tobacco so we call him Chewbacco.
Christy Turlington|I do take very good care of myself, and I'm always in love. And by that I mean I have an appetite for life. I'm in love with beauty and things and people and love and being in love, and those things I think, on the inside, show on the outside.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Guilty Pleasures|Unless the object of the singer’s affection is a vampire, surely what Hart means is unphotogenic. Only vampires are unphotographable, but affectionate ‘-enic’ rhymes are hard to come by.
Avis J. Williams|We can’t control everything that happens to us, but we can control how we respond to things we can’t control.
Eric Jerome Dickey, Pleasure|She had not wanted him to but had let him have his way because ever since she was a child she had generally yielded before anyone with strong willpower, especially if it was a man, not because she was naturally submissive, but because strong male willpower gave her a feeling of safety and trust, together with acceptance and a desire to give in.
Isabella Kruger, Afterlife|As the manager sits before a performance, as the critics wait like hungry dogs to rip apart the performance, they all become entwined in the theatrics of it all.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|People may create your dreams with you, not for you. It’s you and only you who has to think, start and continue.
Mahrukh|You realize the speed at which you are going to move while ascending. You can reckon the speed at which you were going while descending. In between, you are too engrossed in the journey.Neelam ka gyaan
Shandy L. Kurth|I was six years old when my mother died. For a long time afterward, the sweet and earthy magnolia scent of her would permeate my dreams. No matter what I was dreaming about, good or frightening, my mother's smell would waft through my nighttime adventures, infusing them with her unseen presence, reassuring me even through their darkest moments. I never told anyone about this. I felt that, somehow, my mother had found a way to communicate with me from heaven even though I knew from the down-to-earth practicality of my Baptist Sunday School lessons that it was likely impossible. Still, I have heard it said more than once that with God, nothing is impossible. Is it so hard to imagine that He, in His infinite compassion, might have, for a moment in time, comforted a scared little girl with her mother's familiar scent?
Stephen King|Then sail, my fine lady, on the billowing wave -The water below is as dark as the grave,And maybe you'll sink in your little blue boat -It's hope, and hope only, that keeps us afloat
Charles Darwin|If you believe that I'm a cop killer, you believe David Bowie is an astronaut.
Martin Luther King Jr.|We have fought hard and long for integration, as I believe we should have, and I know that we will win. But I've come to believe we're integrating into a burning house.I'm afraid that America may be losing what moral vision she may have had …. And I'm afraid that even as we integrate, we are walking into a place that does not understand that this nation needs to be deeply concerned with the plight of the poor and disenfranchised. Until we commit ourselves to ensuring that the underclass is given justice and opportunity, we will continue to perpetuate the anger and violence that tears at the soul of this nation.
Virginia Woolf|Wow. Look at the lines in your face, Missy. It's like your bitterness just dug in and stayed.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|On Loving a Stranger:Perhaps trying, despite it seeming too idealistic - to apply a speck of your imagination and generate 10 background stories a day about the people you meet - is what could help to see that it might be in fact one of the important things in life to care for. I am fully aware of how unnatural the task and believing in it could seem but my own experience has brought me to a point where i could defend this idea (and not merely an idea but also a posture in practise) tirelessly. having experienced the exuberance and richness that can be ones personal gain from looking behind facades, showing love where it's hardest to do (and yes, it can be incredibly difficult), has taught me that the task could be an incipient of ones own integral transfiguration in addition to a gentle move towards another. Remembering how undeserving we ourselves often are of this kind of gentleness (yet very much in need of, no matter what we think of ourselves or the world) makes it easier to sacrifice the time and patience to think in a considerate manner of another, even a stranger. I see this as one of the channels into the more unfathomable depths of life: every human being (i like to think that even a fragment of them) is a new story with thousands of nuances told by life itself. To see, behind hideous apperances, another human that is not too much different from ourselves may open us up to a closer understanding of other people, ourselves, situations and then help as obtain resilience useful in debilitating times. Love itself, this way, can turn into an inner resource, a little sun somewhere between your ribs, and if needed into a form of true fruitful rebellion.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|We forget that the sweetest joys are found in the simplest acts: hugs, laughter, quiet observation, basic movements, holding hands, pleasant music, shared stories, a listening ear, an unhurried visit, and selfless service. It is sad we forget a truth so elementary.
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|There is no more hope for meaning. And without a doubt this is a good thing: meaning is mortal. Appearances, they, are immortal, invulnerable to the nihilism. This is where seduction begins.
Robert A Berezin|Mourning is never really complete. The mappings of the old play remain in the cortex, like those mappings of the phantom limb.
Kimberly Perry, If I Die Young: Piano/Vocal/Chords, Sheet|A penny for my thoughts, oh no, I'll sell them for a dollarThey're worth so much more after I'm a gonerAnd maybe then you'll hear the words I been singin'Funny when you're dead how people start listenin
Elizabeth Warren|Since President Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act in 1963, the gap between men and women's earnings has narrowed by less than a half-cent per year. At this rate, American women will have to wait until 2062 to bring home the same salary as their male counterparts.
Jacque Fresco|If you want to go beyond that small percentage of people who are already environmentally and scientifically aware, you have to make your work somehow link with a passion, interest, or profession of someone who isn't interested in science or nature.
Joseph W. Meeker|Check my riddle, and I’ll let you play my fiddle.
Ehsan Sehgal|Are you all right?''How do I look?''Um… You have raven hair, brown eyes and bronzed skin if you didn’t know, and you’re… human.
Tirumalai S. Srivatsan|Before I met the Jesuits, I’d never encountered another group who thought that intellect and arrogance were treasures beyond price and necessities in waging wars against blasphemers, heretics.
Kristina McMorris|As soon as you judge communication a little more rigorously, there is a possibility that the message will not be democratized. I have to say what I believe to be right. I have to spread out the statement among all the means of expression available to us at present.
Sara Gruen, Water for Elephants|When you're young, you always feel that life hasn't yet begun—that "life" is always scheduled to begin next week, next month, next year, after the holidays—whenever. But then suddenly you're old and the scheduled life didn't arrive. You find yourself asking, 'Well then, exactly what was it I was having—that interlude—the scrambly madness—all that time I had before?
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|Even though you're not by me side, Night, you will forever be my first man, my Zettai Kareshi
Denise Juneau|In more than 20 years I've spent studying the issue, I have yet to hear a convincing argument that college football has anything do with what is presumably the primary purpose of higher education: academics.
Buzz Aldrin|Put three grains of sand inside a vast cathedral, and the cathedral will be more closely packed with sand than space is with stars.
Pema Chödrön, Start Where You Are: A Guide to Compassionate Living|People usually consider walking on water or in thin air a miracle. But I think the real miracle is not to walk either on water or in thin air, but to walk on earth. Every day we are engaged in a miracle which we don't even recognize: a blue sky, white clouds, green leaves, the black, curious eyes of a child—our own two eyes. All is a miracle.
Gigi Hadid|Rag & Bone is a big part of my closet. I just really like how their jeans fit; I wear them a lot, and I think they make really cool staple pieces.
Edna Ferber|It seems to me that if you or I must choose between two courses of thought or action, we should remember our dying and try so to live that our death brings no pleasure on the world.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|Besides the pleasure, there is always remorse, from the indulgence of our passions; and, after all, what have you men to fear from all this; the world excuses, and notoriety ennobles you?
Ellen Schreiber, Vampire Kisses|I want a relationship I can finally sink my teeth into." -Alexander Sterling
Aidil Uzaimi|Toward evening, Harriet found herself thinking the oddest thoughts: that twilight is not really dark. It's gray. The sun gone, the world turns gray, without emotion, without color. It seemed a fitting time for a little girl to slip free of all this pain, to let go.
Amanda  Carlson, Aces Wild|How about you ask me something like, "What do you want more than anything?" and I reply with, "A hellhound in my bed"?
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|The passion for war is so intense that there is no undertaking so mad, or so injurious to the welfare of the State, that a man does not consider himself honored in defending it, at the risk of his life.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Limpopo Academy of Private Detection|Despite opinions to the contrary, restoring Godly values is the most progressive course of action that we could ever hope to take.
Gwenn Wright, Lipstick & Bolsheviks|My dear lady, you have no idea just how scandalous I can be. ~Peter Viktor von Strassenberg, 1905
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we approach the journey acknowledging what we do not know and what we can’t control, we maintain our energy for the quest.
Suzy  Davies, Johari's Window|There were women who navigated in canoes, holding their children, the beguiling wind blowing soft sleet kisses, raining upon their skins
Wiz Khalifa|I don't have to look up my family tree, because I know that I'm the sap.
Joyce Meyer|In America, there's a failure to appreciate Europe's leading role in the world.
Friedrich Heinrich Karl de la Motte Fouqué|It's one thing to wave at the Devil from afar, quite another to shake the bastard's hand.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|To know what should be going on in a household: spend a few minutes with the wife, or, the husband. To know what’s really going on: spend a few minutes with their kid(s).
Erik Pevernagie|If a string is in a knot,Patience will untie it.Patience can do many things—Did you ever try it?If it was sold at any shopI should like to buy it.But you and I must find our own—No other can supply it.
Anonymous|To encourage my little kid to eat I'd sometimes say: "Just pretend it's sand."
Malcolm X|But let’s not forget the Jew. Anybody that gives even a just criticism of the Jew is instantly labeled anti-Semite. The Jew cries louder than anybody else if anybody criticizes him. You can tell the truth about any minority in America, but make a true observation about the Jew, and if it doesn’t 't pat him on the back, then he uses his grip on the news media to label you anti-Semite.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The cycles of humankind – sheep in control of sheep – were part of an ingenious process taught to errand boys that were in charge of supervising others like them. No pawn or errand boy knows the Truth. No sheep or shepherd managed to escape their fate.As long as humankind exists, there will be betrayals and murders.
Taya Kyle|Eventually, I moved from a place of anger toward the Jews of Israel toward a place of embrace.
Victoria Clark|The word that I constantly hear out of women is 'fear.' It's almost like a background melody. Women have excellent degrees and experience, but we are afraid we aren't good enough because we have such high expectations.
Baruj Benacerraf|Kennedy lied and lied about his health while he was alive, even using his father's influence to get into the Navy without ever taking a medical examination.
William S. Burroughs, Naked Lunch|In the City Market is the Meet Café. Followers of obsolete, unthinkable trades doodling in Etruscan, addicts of drugs not yet synthesized, pushers of souped-up harmine, junk reduced to pure habit offering precarious vegetable serenity, liquids to induce Latah, Tithonian longevity serums, black marketeers of World War III, excusers of telepathic sensitivity, osteopaths of the spirit, investigators of infractions denounced by bland paranoid chess players, servers of fragmentary warrants taken down in hebephrenic shorthand charging unspeakable mutilations of the spirit, bureaucrats of spectral departments, officials of unconstituted police states, a Lesbian dwarf who has perfected operation Bang-utot, the lung erection that strangles a sleeping enemy, sellers of orgone tanks and relaxing machines, brokers of exquisite dreams and memories tested on the sensitized cells of junk sickness and bartered for raw materials of the will, doctors skilled in the treatment of diseases dormant in the black dust of ruined cities, gathering virulence in the white blood of eyeless worms feeling slowly to the surface and the human host, maladies of the ocean floor and the stratosphere, maladies of the laboratory and atomic war... A place where the unknown past and the emergent future meet in a vibrating soundless hum... Larval entities waiting for a Live One...
Justin Bog, A Great Distance|- Rape is a unique crime, representing both a physical and psychological violation.More than with any other crime the victim can experience reporting rape as a form of revictimisation.l In no other crime is the victim subject to so much scrutiny at trial, where the most likely defence is that the victim consented to the crime. Powerful stereotypes function to limit the definition of what counts as ‘real rape’."Kelly, L., Lovett, J., & Regan, L. (2005). A gap or a chasm?: attrition in reported rape cases. London: Home Office Research, Development and Statistics Directorate.
ETC Wanyanwu|Politics nowadays is a game unlike every other game, only for the willing hearts and strong minds
Joel Edgerton|I have enjoyed most particularly reading the correspondence between Gustav Mahler and Richard Strauss. The genuine friendship, competitiveness and support that thread through their communications are life lessons for us all.
Hugh of Saint-Victor, The Didascalicon of Hugh of Saint Victor: A Medieval Guide to the Arts|It is, therefore, a great source of virtue for the practiced mind to learn, bit by bit, first to change about in visible and transitory things, so that afterwards it may be possible to leave them behind altogether. The man who finds his homeland sweet is still a tender beginner; he to whom every soil is as his native one is already strong; but he is perfect to whom the entire world is as a foreign land. The tender soul has fixed his love on one spot in the world; the strong man has extended his love to all places; the perfect man has extinguished his. From boyhood I have dwelt on foreign soil and I know with what grief sometimes the mind takes leave of the narrow hearth of a peasant's hut, and I know too how frankly it afterwards disdains marble firesides and panelled halls.
Rashida Jones|I always preferred to hang out with the outcasts, 'cause they were cooler; they had better taste in music, for one thing, I guess because they had more time to develop one with the lack of social interaction they had!
Terry Eagleton, Literary Theory: An Introduction|God is triune, and all reality is structured in terms of Him. A brief definition of the Trinity might be this: One God without division in a plurality of Persons, and three Persons without confusion in a unity of essence. God is not 'basically' One, with the individual Persons being derived from the oneness; nor is God 'basically' Three, with the unity of the Persons being secondary. God is One, and God is Three. There are not three Gods; there is only one God. Yet each of the Persons is Himself God — and They are distinct, individual Persons. But there is only one God. "To put it in more philosophical language, God’s unity (oneness) and diversity (threeness, individuality) are equally ultimate. God is 'basically' One and 'basically' Three at the same time. And the same goes for all of creation. Both unity and diversity are important – equally important. Neither aspect of reality has priority over the other.
Swami Vivekananda, Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 8 Vol. set|always keep your mind joyful; if melancholy thoughts come, kick them out.
Carolyn G. Heilbrun, Death in a Tenured Position|Professors of literature collect books the way a ship collects barnacles, without seeming effort.
Michelle Paver, Spirit Walker|Licking your wounds will not stop the bleeding, but applying pressure will.
Debasish Mridha|On the way toward success, obstacles are the barrier to build the power of the mind.
Benny Bellamacina|Love will never let you down, if you don't give it up
John Green, Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances|We have minds that are equipped for certainty, linearity and short-term decisions, that must instead make long-term decisions in a non-linear, probabilistic world.
Joyce Rachelle|For there to be harmony and peace, everything must be balanced. And for there to be balance, there must be equality. Where there is equality, there will be justice. And where justice is honored and preserved, there will always be truth.
Sebastian Faulks, Engleby|The proper good of a creature is to surrender itself to its Creator—to enact intellectually, volitionally, and emotionally, that relationship which is given in the mere fact of its being a creature. When it does so, it is good and happy.
Kimberly Giles, Choosing Clarity: The Path to Fearlessness|If you spend your energy condemning and judging the people who mistreat you it puts you in a condemning and judging mindset, which subconsciously makes you feel condemned and judged too. The more judgmental you are, the worse your self-esteem will be.
James Bovard|The only prejudice I've found anywhere in TV is in some advertising agencies, and there isn't so much prejudice as just fear.
Charles de Leusse|Despite the gentlemanly kiss, a ferocity burned behind his gaze promising something primal.
Laura   Lane, Two Mothers, One Prayer: Facing your Child's Cancer with Hope, Strength, and Courage|The anxious wait lasted four years, and the alert ears never despaired of hearing, at any moment, the voice of the great conch shell which would bellow through the hills to announce to all that Macandal had completed the cycle of his metamorphoses, and stood poised once more, sinewy and hard, with testicles like rocks, on his own human legs" (36-37).
Alexandra Potter, Calling Romeo|...we've told men for so long that we're equal, we can open our own doors, carry our own bags, pay our own way, that now they're afraid to offer in case we accuse them of sex discrimination. If you were a man would you buy a woman underwear? I wouldn't dare. What if she throws it back in your face and calls you a sexist pig? So they've tried to turn into new men, but that's no good either, because now we're telling them to be masculine. We don't just want them in a pair of Marigolds cleaning the oven, that's not good enough. We want them to take control, to whisk us off hotels, buy us dinner, and make mad passionate love to us all night. We want it all ways. We want them heroes and handy with the vacuum. No wonder the poor guys are confused
Bonnie Marlewski-Probert|It doesn't matter what you look like when you see in the mirror, what matters most, is how you feel about yourself.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|To Sethe, the future was a matter of keeping the past at bay. The "better life" she believed she and Denver were living was simply not that other one.
Rick Yancey|It’s funny, isn’t it?” he said, something odd in his voice. “It’s funny how some people show they love people with dramatic proclamations and huge displays and romantic gestures…but for some people, it’s in the small things. Like the small things you do for him.
Therese Benedict|When you walk a life of honesty, you live a life of truth.
Euripides|If we are to survive, we must have ideas, vision, and courage. These things are rarely produced by committees. Everything that matters in our intellectual and moral life begins with an individual confronting his own mind and conscience in a room by himself.
Orson Scott Card, Children of the Mind|I once heard a tale of a man who split himself in two.The one part never changed at all; the other grew and grew.The changeless part was always true, The growing part was always new,And I wondered, when the tale was through, Which part was me, and which was you.
Marina Keegan|The thing is, someday the sun is going to die and everything on Earth will freeze. This will happen. Even if we end global warming and clean up our radiation. The complete works of William Shakespeare, Monet’s lilies, all of Hemingway, all of Milton, all of Keats, our music libraries, our library libraries, our galleries, our poetry, our letters, our names etched in desks. I used to think printing things made them permanent, but that seems so silly now. Everything will be destroyed no matter how hard we work to create it. The idea terrifies me. I want tiny permanents. I want gigantic permanents! I want what I think and who I am captured in an anthology of indulgence I can comfortingly tuck into a shelf in some labyrinthine library.
Peyton Manning|We can't solve modern problems by going back in time. Retreating to the safety of the familiar is an understandable response, but God has called us to a life of faith. And faith requires us to face the unknown while trusting Him completely.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|What You were Once, Was Also Because You Were Someone Else Before that
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|For millions of years flowers have been producing thorns. For millions of years sheep have been eating them all the same. And it's not serious, trying to understand why flowers go to such trouble to produce thorns that are good for nothing? It's not important, the war between the sheep and the flowers? It's no more serious and more important than the numbers that fat red gentleman is adding up? Suppose I happen to know a unique flower, one that exists nowhere in the world except on my planet, one that a little sheep can wipe out in a single bite one morning, just like that, without even realizing what he'd doing - that isn't important? If someone loves a flower of which just one example exists among all the millions and millions of stars, that's enough to make him happy when he looks at the stars. He tells himself 'My flower's up there somewhere...' But if the sheep eats the flower, then for him it's as if, suddenly, all the stars went out. And that isn't important?
Christina Engela, Prodigal Sun|As a panting Tracy Ferris scrambled into the life-pod, this thought was precisely what was running through her already agitated mind. From the very beginning of their association, she’d had a bad feeling about Brandon Carver. Something about that guy just never seemed to fit. Sure, he was good looking – but so were many of the other out of work space bums hitch-hiking from place to place she’d also had the misfortune to meet.
Susan Isaacs|Money is a tremendous advantage in just about everything, but in terms of reproduction, if you're a poor woman and you are infertile, it's like too bad, so sad. And if you are a wealthy woman, you can kind of buy whatever you want.
Friedrich Schiller|If you cannot please everyone with your deeds and your art, please a few. To please many is bad.
Sunday Adelaja|When Satan begins to particularly attack to persecute you, it should be a sign of your strength
Dejan Stojanovic|In trying to be perfect, He perfected the art of anonymity, Became imperceptible And arrived nowhere from nowhere.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Ruled Fairyland - For a Little While|Why? is the boy's motto, why does, why is, why not? Food, weather, time, fires, sea and season, clothes and cars and people; it's all grist to the mill of why.
Rakesh Sethi|Once you witness an injustice, you are no longer an observer but a participant.” ~ June Callwood.
Richard Dawkins|I don't give a damn for anybody's opinion, I only care about the facts. So I'm not an enthusiast for diversity of opinion where factual matters are concerned.
Charlotte Brontë, The Professor|A man is master of himself to a certain point, but not beyond it. -William Crimsworth
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|Look at you, standing there in your iron- gray dress, feeling piousand self- righteous while you starve small children!
Noel Gallagher|You know, I never really paid attention to sports, which, coming from the mecca of football in Texas, is kind of odd. I played sports, but I was nerdy. Having a single mother, the pressure was on me to get good grades and a scholarship and go to college.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|I don't like hello. It makes me sound like I have dementia, like I've never heard a phone ring before and I don't know what's supposed to happen next. Hello?
Irvine Welsh, Trainspotting|I know it sounds a bit trite, but I really do get everything I want now. They say life is a game, and I guess I might agree if the stakes were a little higher, but it’s just so easy to fall into a cycle. I get bored.
Rex Stout|If we're lucky, writer and reader alike, we'll finish the last line or two of a short story and then just sit for a minute, quietly. Ideally, we'll ponder what we've just written or read; maybe our hearts or intellects will have been moved off the peg just a little from where they were before. Our body temperature will have gone up, or down, by a degree. Then, breathing evenly and steadily once more, we'll collect ourselves, writers and readers alike, get up, "created of warm blood and nerves" as a Chekhov character puts it, and go on to the next thing: Life. Always life.
Nazim Ambalath|Sometimes, our greatest obstacles are breathtakingly beautiful challenges. Rise to the challenge!
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|Nothing in life is stronger than perseverance; time only promotes it, failure is afraid of it, negative people hide from it, and disease is affected by it. Even rocks give way to perseverance: because if water perseveres its impacts on the surface of a rock long enough, the rock starts to wither.
Adam Smith|In economics, one of the most important concepts is 'opportunity cost' - the idea that once you spend your money on something, you can't spend it again on something else.
Blythe Ayne|Think the highest thought you can think,Feel into it, then expand it.Do this every morning.
Gunther Schuller|To me history ought to be a source of pleasure. It isn't just part of our civic responsibility. To me it's an enlargement of the experience of being alive, just the way literature or art or music is.
Kiran  Joshi, Beyond forever...in love|Every dream, every hope, every ambition would have been true.... If only.... If only you were mine!
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|Objectification is a critical reason why an abuser tends to get worse over time. As his conscience adapts to one level of cruelty—or violence—he builds to the next. By depersonalizing his partner, the abuser protects himself from the natural human emotions of guilt and empathy, so that he can sleep at night with a clear conscience. He distances himself so far from her humanity that her feelings no longer count, or simply cease to exist. These walls tend to grow over time, so that after a few years in a relationship my clients can reach a point where they feel no more guilt over degrading or threatening their partners than you or I would feel after angrily kicking a stone in the driveway.
Darynda Jones, First Grave on the Right|Nobody wants to look like a fool. Nine times out of ten, thatreason alone keeps people from allowing themselves to believe.
Samuel Johnson|My most memorable meal is every Thanksgiving. I love the food: the turkey and stuffing; the sweet potatoes and rice, which come from my mother's Southern heritage; the mashed potatoes, which come from my wife's Midwestern roots; the Campbell's green-bean casserole; and of course, pumpkin pie.
Rita Dove|Nothing is too small. Nothing is too, quote-unquote, ordinary or insignificant. Those are the things that make up the measure of our days, and they're the things that sustain us. And they're the things that certainly can become worthy of poetry.
David Kenyon Webster, Parachute Infantry: An American Paratrooper's Memoir of D-Day and the Fall of the Third Reich|Was there any meaning to life or to war, that two men should sit together and jump within seconds of each other and yet never meet on the ground below?
Priscilla Cummings, Saving Grace|And in that moment, Grace understood something that she would never forget: Home wasn't just a building or an apartment with a roof and beds and chairs inside. Home was with her family, wherever they were.
Stephen Crane, The Open Boat|When the universe presented unexpected gifts to the undeserving, how else were they to react, except with sheer paranoia?
Brian K. Vaughan|It doesn't matter who started it or what it's really about...war usually ends up sucking most for women. Even when we're not fighting the battles ourselves, we somehow always end up with the lion's share of the suffering.
Robert Frost|Am reading more of Oscar Wilde. What a tiresome, affected sod.
L.M. Fields|I refuse to put God into a little box I can handle, for that would insult us both.
Pablo Picasso|God is really only another artist. He invented the giraffe, the elephant and the cat. He has no real style, He just goes on trying other things.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|Once you pass a certain age, life becomes noting more than a process of continual loss. Things that are important to your life begin to slip out of your grasp, one after another, like a comb losing teeth. And the only things that come to take their place are worthless imitations. Your physical strength, your hopes, your dreams, your ideals, your convictions, all meaning, or, then again, the people you love: one by one, they fade away. Some announce their departure before they leave, while others just disappear all of a sudden without warning one day. And once you lose them you can never get them back. Your search for replacement never goes well. It’s all very painful- as painful as actually being cut with a knife.
Patricia Morais, The Roommate|She hadn't chosen the brave life. She'd chosen the small, fearful one.
A.A. Milne|In the language of the day it is customary to describe a certain sort of book as “escapist” literature. As I understand it, the adjective implies, a little condescendingly, that the life therein depicted cannot be identified with the real life which the critic knows so well in W.C.1: and may even have the disastrous effect on the reader of taking him happily for a few hours out of his own real life in N.W.8. Why this should be a matter for regret I do not know; nor why realism in a novel is so much admired when realism in a picture is condemned as mere photography; nor, I might add, why drink and fornication should seem to bring the realist closer to real life than, say, golf and gardening.
Julie James, The Thing About Love|When do you leave?” she asked.	His fingers paused. “Labor Day weekend.”	So soon. Only two and a half weeks away. She nodded, going for a joke. “Good. That’s about when I was planning on getting sick of you, anyway.”	“Pfft. I’m already counting down the minutes until I can make my escape from this room.”	“It’s your room.
Hasil Paudyal|I will miss younot because you taught me,not because you helped me on all steps of education;but only becauseyou made me a leader to lead as an perfect Electrical Engineer.
Lucy Larcom|I told my mother-in-law that my house was her house, and she said, 'Get the hell off my property.'
George Osborne|When I was younger, my feet would hurt a lot, but you build up calluses and strength, and you don't feel as much pain there. But then again, it's a give and take. The older you get, you may feel pain in your back or your hips.
Alex Guarnaschelli|I don't think I have a sense of fashion. But I do have an aesthetic, which I feel is an offshoot of me working in the design industry. For example, if I am mixing and matching prints on my sofas and cushion covers, I tend to do that with my wardrobe as well.
Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation|Happiness,... even the smallest happiness, is like a step out of Time, and the greatest happiness is sharing in Eternity.
Anne Lamott|Two things put me in the spirit to give. One is that I have come to think of everyone with whom I come into contast as a patient in the emergency room. I see a lot of gaping wounds and dazed expressions. Or, as Marianne Moore put it, "The world's an orphan's home." And this feels more true than almost anything else I know. But so many of us can be soothed by writing: think of how many times you have opened a book, read one line, and said, "Yes!" And I want to give people that feeling, too, of connection, communication.
Laurie Halse Anderson, The Impossible Knife of Memory|There was something about clowns that was worse than zombies. (Or maybe something that was the same. When you see a zombie, you want to laugh at first. When you see a clown, most people get a little nervous. There's the pallor and the cakey mortician-style makeup, the shuffling and the untidy hair. But clowns were probably malicious, and they moved fast on those little bicycles and in those little crammed cars. Zombies weren't much of anything. They didn't carry musical instruments and they didn't care whether or not you laughed at them. You always knew what zombies wanted.)
Sunday Adelaja|To be productive, you have to stop being absent-minded
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders say "no" to corruption. Anyone playing a role in governance, and is not ready to do this is not a leader.
Hamza Khan Takkar|I Know,But No One Know,No One Know So I Don't Know
Andy Kindler|From an early age onward, it was said that 'Ingmar has no sense of humor.'
Janet Jackson|Do I appreciate the idea of jealousy, revenge and all these so-called dark qualities? Yes. Do I write these songs in order to engage in some public war with someone? No.
Cheryl Hayashi|It is weird. People will say, 'Oh my God, I love you.' And I'll say, 'Oh, that's so sweet. Thank you.' And the people who are walking around with me for the first time will say, 'I don't understand what happened. Somebody just told you they love you. I don't even understand what that means.'
Deyth Banger|By loving the broken parts in you, I learn to love the broken parts in me. I learn that we are not broken after all.
Emil M. Cioran, A Short History of Decay|But where is the antidote for lucid despair, perfectly articulated, proud, and sure? All of us are miserable, but how many know it? The consciousness of misery is too serious a disease to figure in an arithmetic of agonies or in the catalogues of the Incurable. It belittles the prestige of hell, and converts the slaughterhouses of time into idyls. What sin have you committed to be born, what crime to exist? Your suffering like your fate is without motive. To suffer, truly to suffer, is to accept the invasion of ills without the excuse of causality, as a favor of demented nature, as a negative miracle. . .
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Stock was a rationalist and an atheist. Most of the time she saw the world as a big machine where things just played themselves out. Anonymous forces, impersonal powers, action and reaction, cause and effect. It would be comforting to live in a world that had order and purpose in it, which she supposed was why so many people pretended they did.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Love—such a keen mystery prone to pierce and shatter the delicate heart.  Yet it possesses more strength, power, and influence than any other magic known to man. 
Craig D. Lounsbrough|And so, it is always the case that the past is irreparably land-locked, and the future has yet to land. And here we are, living out our lives on the precariously thin line which separates the two.
David Hume, Dialogues Concerning Natural Religion|Reason is the first victim of strong emotion," Scytale murmured.
J.G. Ballard, The Atrocity Exhibition|Deserts possess a particular magic, since they have exhausted their own futures, and are thus free of time. Anything erected there, a city, a pyramid, a motel, stands outside time. It's no coincidence that religious leaders emerge from the desert. Modern shopping malls have much the same function. A future Rimbaud, Van Gogh or Adolf Hitler will emerge from their timeless wastes.
Shel Silverstein, Falling Up|But I have seen the best of you and the worst of you, and I choose both
Rei Anthony Albon|Trust can be broken in just a few seconds, but it takes years to heal
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|Compromise, communicate, and never go to bed angry - the three pieces of advice gifted and regifted to all newlyweds.
Jerry Pinto, Em and The Big Hoom|Motherhood, true motherhood, was what went on when no one else could see.
A. Ashley Straker, Infected Connection|You state here that you believe your daughter, Amy, is no longer with you; that the girl living in your house - who looks and sounds exactly like Amy - is not in fact your daughter. Is this correct? Is this still the case?
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Disrespect also can take the form of idealizing you and putting you on a pedestal as a perfect woman or goddess, perhaps treating you like a piece of fine china. The man who worships you in this way is not seeing you; he is seeing his fantasy, and when you fail to live up to that image he may turn nasty. So there may not be much difference between the man who talks down to you and the one who elevates you; both are displaying a failure to respect you as a real human being and bode ill.
Sameh Elsayed|Happiness does not mean the absence of problems, but the existence of passion.
Plato, Gorgias|If you can’t see the feelings in a donkey, a ship, or a delicate tool, then it’s just as easy to not see them in your brother or sister when you can profit by treating them badly.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Change isn't always for the worst; the shell that forms around a piece of sand looks to some people like an irritation., and to others, like a pearl.
Alisa Hope Wagner, Eve of Awakening|Insofar as the intervention of grace constitutes the core of religious experience, the constant aim of every religious movement ought to be a reduction of transcendence coupled with an unswerving dedication to immanence. Let metaphysics and science pursue the elaboration of transcendent, causal economies; the domain of religion is immanence and, more precisely, the immanence of what is actually given as a gift. Religious thinking will be religious in character precisely to the extent that it is capable of faithfully thinking immanence. Religion, for the sake of grace, forsakes transcendence.
Richard Engel|You could claim that moving from pixelated perception, where the robot looks at sensor data, to understanding and predicting the environment is a Holy Grail of artificial intelligence.
Leon Wieseltier|Be careful how you live your life, millions are watching you. You may be inspiring or uninspiring many.
Alex Morgan|I have done 'Sports Illustrated,' but I don't regret it because it portrayed me in a positive way - as an athlete.
Joseph Prince|There are two kinds of people one can call reasonable: those who serve God with all their heart because they know him, and those who seek him with all their heart because they do not know him.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Entrepreneur, you are your brand. Your website, business card, speech and how you walk and talk is your brand.
John Lasseter|When trouble comes, it's your family that supports you.
Jean de La Fontaine|'Glee' is very easy to clown because I feel like it's just crumbling. 'Smash!' 'Smash' is the ultimate. I love it because I'm all about theater. I did plays in high school and college, and it totally brings me back to that feeling: how excited you get on opening night, how it sucks when you're not learning the dance moves.
Neal Shusterman, Everlost|I spent most of my teen years trying to figure out the rules of life, theories for why things happened, why people behaved as they did, and mostly I came to the conclusion that either there were no rules, or the rules sucked. Reading science fiction wasn't about imagining myself into some more exciting life filled with adventure, it was about finding a world where things worked the way I wanted them to.
Jessie Burton, The Miniaturist|Marin believes love is better in the chase than caught,’ she says. He raises his eyebrows. ‘That does not surprise me. It is not better. But it is easier. One’s imagination is always more generous. And yet, the chase always tires you out in the end.
Carroll Bryant|Believe in the wonderment of life, the magic of love, and the reality of death.
Edgardo Osorio|Keep it simple, stupid. Good game design shouldn't keep you looking at the manual but should have enough depth where you feel like you bring something new to the game every time you play.
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|The final fact being that at the very bottom of his soul he was an outsider, and anti-social, and he accepted the fact inwardly, no matter how Bond-Streety he was on the outside. His isolation was a necessity to him; just as the appearance of conformity and mixing-in with the smart people was also a necessity.
Alison Sweeney|One of the things I like about acting is that, in a funny way, I come back to myself.
Sunday Adelaja|If you are not aware of the goal of your living, what will you do you when your children grow up and leave the house?
Mehmet Murat ildan|Fame is a perverse deformity, an ego swelling as ludicrous as an extra organ, and the people that have it, for a huge part, are willfully and deliberately fucked-up past the point of ever having anything sweet or human or normal about themselves ever again.
James Surowiecki|Lack of confidence, sometimes alternating with unrealistic dreams of heroic success, often leads to procrastination, and many studies suggest that procrastinators are self-handicappers: rather than risk failure, they prefer to create conditions that make success impossible, a reflex that of course creates a vicious cycle.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|The times today are too dangerous for the young and the smart to be not bothered. Know the truth. Remember, “We can deny the truth. But, we can’t avoid it.” We have been there; we have all been there. Ask a female friend who is fighting for a better pay scale, ask the father of an immigrant who is nervous about the future of his daughter, ask a gay friend who is fighting for the right to marry, ask an African-American friend who wants her younger brother to be unafraid and proud, ask a homeless worker in Bangladesh whose house just got swept by rising sea levels, ask a young child in Beijing who breathes an air polluted by fossil fuels, ask a child labor in India who works ten hours and twelve hours to get two square meals a day. And, when you ask, you will know. You will know why we need to take it personally.
Namsoon Kang, Cosmopolitan Theology: Reconstituting Planetary Hospitality, Neighbor-Love, and Solidarity in an Uneven World|Teaching and learning _religious plurality often ends up privileging religious _texts_ over _practice_ and largely ignoring the social and historical contexts and the lived experience of people who shape, situate, and structure these religious texts. Furthermore, adopting the politics of recognition as a pedagogical principle in teaching can lead to an _uncritical silence_ about the various forms of oppression and domination of certain religious groups. Here people often use _religious difference_ as a _religious alibi_ for the oppression or violation of human rights of certain groups of people, such as women or LGBT people.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|We strive toward the middle, and we run from ourselves.
Jessica Lawson, Nooks and Crannies|Harry said good-bye to you,” he said. “Didn’t you hear him?”“It doesn’t matter,” Harry muttered to Mr. Weasley. “Honestly, I don’t care.”Mr. Weasley did not remove his hand from Harry’s shoulder.“You aren’t going to see your nephew till next summer,” he said to Uncle Vernon in mild indignation. “Surely you’re going to say good-bye?”Uncle Vernon’s face worked furiously. The idea of being taught consideration by a man who had just blasted away half his living room wall seemed to be causing him intense suffering. But Mr. Weasley’s wand was still in his hand, and Uncle Vernon’s tiny eyes darted to it once, before he said, very resentfully, “Good-bye, then.
Francesca Zappia, Made You Up|She looked at the boy. He knew her weakness for storytelling. And it was, after all, only a story. Still, she wished he had chosen a happier one.
Angie  Smith, Mended: Pieces of a Life Made Whole|What a funny girl, I thought, and then I realized something. To the three-year-old ye, and maybe even to the thirty year old eye, weeds and grass look very similar. Same color, same feeling, same texture.
Anne Elizabeth Moore, The Manifesti of Radical Literature|Punctuation was, it is sad to say, invented a very long time ago. Even more frustrating, it has remained with us ever since.
Laini Taylor, Days of Blood & Starlight|Jealousy is about ownership and control, not love. People very often don’t see that.  "Infidelity is simply defined as the breaking of trust and the keeping of secrets in an intimate partnership." Having sex with other people and only love one? I say “yes if the loved one knows and does not mind". Mine even liked it.
alex elle|Peace is not always easy to grasp or keep close. In the process of attaining and protecting it, you may find yourself tired, weary, and uncertain on how to keep your peace safe. While being uncertain is normal, continue to commit yourself to peacefulness. You are worthy of every drop of sweetness and ease that you encounter. Being tested is a part of the journey. Giving up, and letting go, is not.
Fuminori Nakamura, The Kingdom|The man at the end of the bar was looking at me. ... Should I get drunk and sleep with him now? But I could see that I would regret that so much I would want to die after. I didn't want to get involved with anyone, and I didn't want to bear being alone with the warmth left by someone long gone.
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|New York presented a paradox. While foreigners thought of New York has the symbol of America, many Americans viewed the city with some suspicion as the country's most foreign.
Yann Martel|It is my strong conviction that a realist conception of human nature should be made a servant of an ethic of progressive justice and should not be made into a bastion of conservatism, particularly a conservatism which defends unjust privileges.
Barbara Kingsolver, Small Wonder|It's the same struggle for each of us, and the same path out: the utterly simple, infinitely wise ultimately defiant act of loving one thing and then another, loving our way back to life... Maybe being perfectly happy is not really the point. Maybe that is only some modern American dream of the point, while the truer measure of humanity is the distance we must travel in our lives, time and again, "twixt two extremes of passion--joy and grief," as Shakespeare put it. However much I've lost, what remains to me is that I can still speak to name the things I love. And I can look for safety in giving myself away to the world's least losable things.
Quentin R. Bufogle|The Catholic Church standing in "solidarity" with members of the LGBT community while condemning their behavior as "sinful" is a little like attempting to stand with two feet in one shoe. "Love the sinner, hate the sin" sounds really high-minded until you realize the only sin committed was being born different.
Brandon Andress, And Then the End Will Come!: But Five Things You Need to Know in the Meantime|Sometimes I just wonder.Do we believe that God revolves around us?Or, do we believe that we revolve around God?These are staggering questions.
Zack Love|Still not sure about how easily he could be integrated into their posse, Trevor smiled in delighted relief at how tolerantly two of his close friends had received his new identity.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Oh God, Alaska, I love you. I love you," and the Colonel whispered, "I'm so sorry, Pudge. I know you did," and I said, "No. Not past tense." She wasn't even a person anymore, just flesh rotting, but I loved her present tense.
Anne Frasier, Hush|I believe we must do things in our lives for the right reasons, because we enjoy doing them, with no expectation of getting something back in return. Otherwise, we are constantly being disappointed." She moved her turquoise bracelet back and forth on her wrist. "So I had two sons, John and Richard, because I wanted to, not because I thought they would rescue me in old age. I got out of all social organizations and clubs in my fifties so I could spend time with my grandchildren, not because they would give something back to Jack and me later on, but because that was what I wanted to do--and I have loved doing it. Believe me, these have been selfish decisions.
Susan Dey|I feel like I'm just doing a job. It's amazing to think that you affect other peoples' lives on such a grand scale. I'm so thankful for that, and I'm so lucky. It's hard to stop and think that people are interested in me.
Amit Ray, Om Chanting & Meditation|Om (AUM) the Divine song is at the same time Symmetry, Supersymmetry, broken Symmetry, and the unbroken Symmetry of Nature.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I celebrate the connections in my life, from my past, present, and future. I joyfully accept love in all its healthy forms!
Trish Kaye Lleone, Finding Anna: A Memoir: The True Story of Child Sexual Abuse|I am releasing my own demons of times gone by and seizing the opportunity to find my own corner, my own fortress, my own calm and peace. Life is not unfair.
Oriana Fallaci|I am aware that as an actor, I can blame others for the failure of a film, the director, the script, choice of co-stars, timing of the release and so on. But now, as the director, I will have to shoulder all the blame.
Nia Peeples|Life is not a spectator sport. If you're going to spend your whole life in the grandstand just watching what goes on, in my opinion you're wasting your life.
Martha Lemasters, The Step: One Woman's Journey to Finding Her Own Happiness and Success During the Apollo Space Program|The complete Apollo team...directly involves slightly over 400,000 people...Included are some if the country's foremost scientists and engineers. This mobilization of men and resources is unprecedented in history since WWII
A.E. Coppard, Dusky Ruth: And Other Stories|Light, Life and Love are like three glow-worms at thy feet: the whole universe of stars, the dewdrops on the grass whereon thou walkest!
Daniel Humm|It's a bit of a sore spot, the Thanksgiving in Indian country.
David Graeber, The Democracy Project: A History, a Crisis, a Movement|The waves thundered still onto the beach the next morning and Davy spent a good hour watching them pound the sand. It was therapeutic. He didn't know which he identified with more - the surf, raging against immovable stone outcroppings, or the rocks, taking enormous punishment without being able to strike back
Anne Lovett|Step into the fire of self-discovery. This fire will not burn you. It will only burn what you are not, - Rumi
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|The Christian writer will feel that in the greatest depth of vision, moral judgment will be implicit, and that when we are invited to represent the country according to survey, what we are asked to do is to separate mystery from manners and judgment from vision, in order to produce something a little more palatable to the modern temper. We are asked to form our consciences in the light of statistics, which is to establish the relative as absolute. For many this may be a convenience, since we don't live in an age of settled belief; but it cannot be a convenience, it cannot even be possible, for the writer who is a Catholic. He will feel that any long-continued service to it will produce a soggy, formless, and sentimental literature, one that will provide a sense of spiritual purpose for those who connect the spirit with romanticism and a sense of joy for those who confuse that virtue with satisfaction. The storyteller is concerned with what is; but if what is is what can be determined by survey, then the disciples of Dr. Kinsey and Dr. Gallup are sufficient for the day thereof.
Natalie Dormer|I don't know, but I always loved that image of a girl putting toenail polish on a guy - her boyfriend, or something like that. Or a guy waking up in the morning and reaching over and putting on his girlfriend's shirt. Like Keith Richards putting on one of Anita Pallenberg's blouses, or Courtney Love putting nail polish on Kurt Cobain.
Jettie Necole, Ruby|He gave a nod. "My future lies in your hands." "Not your future, Gerard, but the path leading to it," she suggested.
Ralph Ellison|You mean,' Captain Penderton said, 'that any fulfilment obtained at the expense of normalcy is wrong, and should not be allowed to bring happiness. In short, it is better, because it is morally honourable, for the square peg to keep scraping around the round hole rather than to discover and use the unorthodox square that would fit?'…'I don't agree
John Boyne, This House is Haunted|You are not there, Father,” I cried. “I wake up at Gaudlin Hall, I spend most of my day there, I sleep there at night. And throughout it all there is but one thought running through my mind.”“And that is?”“This house is haunted.
Elizabeth A. Johnson, Abounding In Kindness: Writings for the People of God|God is not a being among other beings, but the infinite Whither that makes possible the very functioning of our human spirit.
Shunryu Suzuki|The best gifts one can give to someone are not things, the best ones to offer are a little Time, Love, Care and Respect.
Poppy Adams|Silence nurtures the soul, relaxes the body temple and gives us the strength we need in moments of uncertainty. Welcome it.
Frank Langella|Mankind: A quality of life upgrade is available to each and every one of you. It should give you a quality of life upgrade, which means no drugs, no alcohol, no fast food - unless, of course, it's a mallard.
Rudolf Steiner, Theosophy: An Introduction to the Spiritual Processes in Human Life and in the Cosmos|Just as in the body, eye and ear develop as organs of perception, as senses for bodily processes, so does a man develop in himself soul and spiritual organs of perception through which the soul and spiritual worlds are opened to him. For those who do not have such higher senses, these worlds are dark and silent, just as the bodily world is dark and silent for a being without eyes and ears.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|If you appreciate, you will appreciate.
Karl Barth, The Humanity of God|In His free grace, God is for man in every respect; He surrounds man from all sides. He is man's Lord who is before him, above him, after him, and thence also with him in history, the locus of man's existence. Despite man's insignificance, God is with him as his Creator who intended and made mankind to be very good. Despite man's sin, God is with him, the One who was in Jesus Christ reconciling the world, drawing man unto Himself in merciful judgment. Man's evil past is not merely crossed out because of its irrelevancy. Rather, it is in the good care of God. Despite man's life in the flesh, corrupt and ephemeral, God is with him. The victor in Christ is here and now present through His Spirit, man's strength, companion, and comfort. Despite man's death God is with him, meeting him as redeemer and perfecter at the threshold of the future to show him the totality of existence in the true light in which the eyes of God beheld it from the beginning and will behold it evermore. In what He is for man and does for man, God ushers in the history leading to the ultimate salvation of man.
Thomas A. Edison|No matter how scary the road ahead may seem, never be afraid to chase your dreams.
Auliq Ice|Falling in love might be the hardest one, as it encompasses a lot.
Timothy Zahn, Star Wars: Thrawn|It has been written that so much of life is preparation, so much is routine, and so much is retrospect that the purest essence of anyone's genius contracts itself to a precious few hours.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|True genius is a complete stranger to most, a momentary acquaintance to others, a lasting friend to few.
Seth Shostak|I don't sleep very well when I travel. And as a result, I tend to be awake in cities when everyone else is asleep.
Avijeet Das|Your mind, your words, your charm and your style are all the sexiness that I need in my life!
Franz Kafka, The Castle|If a man has his eyes bound, you can encourage him as much as you like to stare through the bandage, but he'll never see anything.
Oscar Wilde|I have been right, Basil, haven’t I, to take my love out of poetry, and to find my wife in Shakespeare’s plays? Lips that Shakespeare taught to speak have whispered their secret in my ear. I have had the arms of Rosalind around me, and kissed Juliet on the mouth.
Daniel Boone|Although our war on drugs must be fortified with the best laws, enforcement efforts and resources, we would not be successful without your individual commitment to this cause.
William Shakespeare, The Two Gentlemen of Verona|They do not love, that do not show their love.
Wendell Berry, Another Turn of the Crank|I never thought before how strange the notion of a transplant list is. The only list I've ever really given thought to were grocery lists and to-do lists, lists of homework assignments and list of clothes I wanted to buy before school started. I never thought there was such a thing as a list of names, people waiting for new faces. People waiting for someone else to die.
Dee Henderson, Before I Wake|Lord, You made us and gave us breath. May we do justice, love and mercy, and walk honorably before you this day. By the precious name of Jesus, I ask for your help to do this. Amen.
Rebecca Curtis|But nothing compared to the reality of the magnificent Light Storm of 2015, nothing, that is, except the almond shaped emerald eyes of his passenger.
Jonathan Glover|Stalin’s Russia was a trap, in which even those running the system were caught. The leaders were trapped by fear of Stalin and even he was trapped by his fear of their desire to be rid of him. Everything he had to eat or drink had to be tasted by one of his colleagues first. Beria’s behavior at his death showed that his fear was only partly paranoia.
Shannon L. Alder|Settling is not a destination, rather a vacation rental staring at an endless sea that dares you to cross its waves.
Jonathan Talat Phillips, The Electric Jesus: The Healing Journey of a Contemporary Gnostic|There is no way to tell if we are the pioneers of a visionary new age, whisking humanity into the high vibrations of an interdimensional love party, or post-modern Don Quixotes attacking techno-industrial windmills with our flimsy, rolled-up yoga mats.
Tara Brach|Courage and willingness to just go for it, whether it is a conversation or a spontaneous trip or trying new things that are scary - it is a really attractive quality.
Tessa Dare, Twice Tempted by a Rogue|The time travelers are usually adapt at "intercrossing" different fields of expertise. That's the beauty of the hobbyist: it's generally easier to mix different intellectual fields when you have a whole array of them littering your study or your garage.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|All those practice fights when it was just us, two children pretending to be soldiers. Or two soldiers pretending to be children.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|The earth does not belong to man, man belongs to the earth.All things are connected like the blood that unites one family.Man did not weave the web of life, he is merely a strand in it.Whatever he does to the web, he does to himself.The earth is sacred and men and animals are but one part of it.Treat the earth with respect so that it lasts for centuries to come and is a place of wonder and beauty for our children.
Joni Eareckson Tada|I do strongly believe myself that members of the government who sit in the House of Lords should be accountable to the elected House because otherwise there is a democratic deficit, and that is wrong.
R. N. Prasher|What is knowledge but a lucid enunciation of ignorance of yesterday. If there is no darkness to dispel, there can be no light.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Why did men have to ruin everything? The answer was simple, she supposed—because foolish women gave them the chance
Treat Williams|I know that when I like music, when it touches my heart, that it will touch your heart, too. That, I think, is the secret to my success.
Joan Borysenko, A Woman's Journey to God|At first the solitudecharmed me like a prelude,but so much music wounded me.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|Compassion stands on the pillars of trust, love, awareness and detachment.
Christian Louboutin|Modern design becomes the eye catcher because it's out of context, it is something newborn and fresh, something people have never seen before. I mean, that in itself is the way we should sort of stimulate the senses of society, this urban condition.
Sherry Argov, Why Men Love Bitches: From Doormat to Dreamgirl—A Woman's Guide to Holding Her Own in a Relationship|When a man takes a woman for granted, he still looks for reassurance that she is still right there.
Alice A.  Kemp, The Dragons of Atlantis|All the various time travel devices used by Verne and Bert were stored in the repository, Poe explained, including the ones that had never quite worked as they were meant to. There was one that resembled a blue police box from London—“Stolen by a doctor with delusions of grandeur,” said Poe—one that was simply a large, transparent sphere—“Created by a scientist with green skin and too much ego,” said Verne—and one that was rather ordinary by comparison.“This one looks like an automobile,” John said admiringly, “with wings.”“The doors open that way for a reason,” Verne explained, “we just never figured out what it was. The inventor of this particular model tried integrating his designs into a car, an airplane, and even a steam engine train. He was running a crackpot laboratory in the Arizona desert, and he never realized that it was not his inventions themselves, but his proximity to some sort of temporal fluctuation in the local topography, that allowed them to work.” “What happened to him?” asked Jack.“He’d get the machines up to one hundred and six miles per hour,” said Bert, “and then he’d run out of fuel and promptly get arrested by whatever constabulary had been chasing him. The sad part was that Jules figured out if he’d just gone two miles an hour faster, he’d likely have been successful in his attempt.
Ann Patchett, Commonwealth|Zen- Dojo Tozan was not in Sarnen or Thu but somewhere between the two, not in a village but in the tall grass and blue flowers.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Think of the most discouraging thing that you are currently carrying or the biggest project you can’t seem to tackle. Forget about how it happened, forget about how you got there, just look at the clock, and before that number changes, do one little thing to make it better. After you do, enjoy your moment of victory, and then do it again. In less than the time it takes you to blink, the past will burden you no more.
Deyth Banger, Afraid - Part 2|Mindful Monday Humans, May your coffee kick in before reality does.
Walt Whitman|To the real artist in humanity, what are called bad manners are often the most picturesque and significant of all. 
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously.
George H. W. Bush|War is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things. The decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth war is much worse.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Making Love is different form having Sex. While the former recharges you with orgasmic experience, the latter dissipates your energy, leaving you sapless. So act wisely!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|There is a point when the anguished soul finally despairs. A moment in life when the heart, the will, even the spirit crumbles. Some say that after much grief and drowning in tears, it is possible to pick up the pieces and carefully repair what was shatt
Rona V. Flynn, Star's Awakening|If you practise deceit it will burrow down into dark places and change you. Spoken by Boaz to his daughter, Star.
Jonathan Franzen|There is a dark place calling to me, but I will not go just yet. I know I can't return from it.
William Gibson, Neuromancer|It doesn't matter if they hate you, or embarrass you, or simply don't appreciate your genius for inventing the internet-""You invented the inte
Ellen Newhouse, Nothing Ever Goes On Here|Love is the only way. There has been enough pain, enough war, enough killing. Enough. No more.
Cath Crowley, Graffiti Moon|It is part of a good man to do great and noble deeds, though he risk everything.
Lisa Borden, The Alphabet of Avoidance: Simple Solutions to Immediately Replace 'Bad' Habits with Something Better...or Even, Nothing at All.|The needs of a society determine its ethics, and in the Black American ghettos the hero is that man who is offered only the crumbs from his country's table but by ingenuity and courage is able to take for himself a Lucullan feast. Hence the janitor who lives in one room but sports a robin's-egg-blue Cadillac is not laughed at but admired, and the domestic who buys forty-dollar shoes is not criticized but is appreciated. We know that they have put to use their full mental and physical powers. Each single gain feeds into the gains of the body collective.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|When hope is fleeting, stop for a moment and visualize, in a sky of silver, the crescent of a lavender moon. Imagine it -- delicate, slim, precise, like a paper-thin slice from a cabochon jewel.It may not be very useful, but it is beautiful.And sometimes it is enough.
Theodore Roosevelt|The Rights Revolutions too have given us ideals that educated people today take for granted but that are virtually unprecedented in human history, such as that people of all races and creeds have equal rights, that women should be free from all forms of coercion, that children should never, ever be spanked, that students should be protected from bullying, and that there’s nothing wrong with being gay. I don’t find it at all implausible that these are gifts, in part, of a refined and widening application of reason.
Meredith Brooks|Find your authentic voice, become vulnerable, and then put yourself out there.
Denis Diderot|He doesn’t want to step out of the present, this present. Because once he does, there will be college applications and college acceptances (just one will do) and the last of everything (last class, last party, last night, last day, last goodbye), and then the world will change forever and he will go to college and eventually become an adult. That is not what he wants. He does not want those complications, that change. Not now.
George Bernard Shaw, Dramatic Opinions and Essays, volume 2|Patsy had asked him if he had had adventures in Paris and he had truthfully answered no. It was a fact that he had done nothing; his father thought he had had a devil of a time and was afraid he had contracted a venereal disease, and he hadn't even had a woman; only one thing had happened to him, it was rather curious when you came to think of it, and he didn't just then quite know what to do about it: the bottom had fallen out of his world.
A.C. Grayling|I'm not religious, and I'm not a Christian, but I do reserve the right to believe in the possibility of a God. It's kind of defending the indefensible, though; I'm critical of what religions are becoming, the more destructive they're becoming. But I think as an artist, particularly, it's a necessary part of what I do, that there is some divine element going on within my songs.
Jeanette Winterson, Sexing the Cherry|Somebody said it couldn't be done.But he with a chuckle replied,That maybe it couldn't, but he would be oneWho wouldn't say so 'till he'd tried.So he buckled right in with a trace of a grinOn his face. If he worried, he hid it.He started to sing as he tackled the thingThat couldn't be done. And he did.Somebody scoffed, "Oh, you'll never do thatAt least no one ever has done it."But he took off his coat, and he took off his hat,And the first thing we know, he'd begun it.With a lift of his chin and a bit of a grin,Without any doubting or "quit-it".He started to sing as he tackled the thingThat couldn't done. And he did it.There are thousands to tell you it cannot be done.There are thousands to prophesy failure.There are thousands to point out to you, one by one,The dangers that wait to assail youBut just buckle in, with a bit of a grin;Just take off your coat and go to it.Just start in to sing as yout tackle the thingThat cannot be done--and you'll do it!
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|We continue to need exhortations to be sympathetic and just, even if we do not believe that there is a God who has a hand in wishing to make us so. We no longer have to be brought into line by the threat of hell or the promise of paradise; we merely have to be reminded that it is we ourselves -- that is, the most mature and reasonable parts of us (seldom present in the midst of our crises and obsessions) -- who want to lead the sort of life which we once imagined supernatural beings demanded of us. An adequate evolution of morality from superstition to reason should mean recognizing ourselves as the authors of our own moral commandments.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Because a child is bound to grow, society is intent upon cultivating the child’s mind to mature into a very specific type of responsible person. Children take great pleasure in small things that have no practical purpose in their dreamy world where they can be as wild as wind. Each year a part of the child dies, as it is burden with adult responsibilities.
Burt Lancaster|On the stage, you have to find truth, even if you have to lose the audience.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Since emotions are merely information, there are no good or bad, right or wrong emotions.
Tom T. Hall|When Nelson Mandela walked free, the world sang with joy. Ever since, South Africa has stood as a beacon of hope for Africa.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|We’re afraid the others will think we’re agringadas because we don’t speak Chicano Spanish. We oppress each other trying to out-Chicano each other, vying to be “real” Chicanas, to speak like Chicanos. There is no one Chicano language just as there is no one Chicano experience.
Alexandra Bracken, In The Afterlight|I don't know about the rest of you, but I'd be up for hearing about the one-eyed chick
Bear Bryant|To tell you the truth, in my work, love is always in opposition to the elements. It creates dilemmas. It brings in suffering. We can't live with it, and we can't live without it. You'll rarely find a happy ending in my work.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Holy, Holy, Holy is the Lord God!
Charles   Williams, The Hot Spot|There was no way to kiss her like a good boy. You could start out that way, but you always ended up on the other side of the tracks. If you hated her, it didn’t make any difference; it worked just the same.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Many times, the thought of fear itself is greater than what it is we fear.
Anthony T. Hincks|Flying is for the birds, the sugar gliders and the dreamers.Running is for the emus, the ostriches and the optimists.Walking is for the snails, the lame and the cautious explorer.All that is left are those who are afraid of the night, afraid of commitment, afraid of success and afraid of taking a chance in life.Luckily, I love to soar above the clouds, through the heavens, and journey to far distant galaxies and universes.
George Packer|I started my career as a swimsuit model. My first big break in America was 2007, 'Sports Illustrated' Swimsuit Issue.
Brooklyn Ann, Wynter's Bite|I have always wondered what it is like to be kissed.” She snapped her mouth closed at such an outrageous confession, but it was too late.“And?” he whispered back.She frowned. “And what?”His lips arched in a wicked smile. “How was the experience?”“Incredible,” she couldn’t stop herself from answering. “So much more that what the novels depict.”His grin broadened, tempting beyond reason. “That tempts me to do it again.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|If peace is to be maintained, it must be by brave men, who have come up to the same height as the hero, namely, the will to carry their life in their hand, and stake it at any instant for their principle, but who have gone one step beyond the hero, and will not seek another man's life.
Judith Plaskow, Standing Again at Sinai: Judaism from a Feminist Perspective|When we touch the place in our lives where sexuality and spirituality come together, we touch our wholeness and the fullness of our power, and at the same time our connection with a power larger than ourselves.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Xerxes, I read, ‘halted his unwieldy army for days that he might contemplate to his satisfaction’ the beauty of a single sycamore. 	You are Xerxes in Persia. Your army spreads on a vast and arid peneplain…you call to you all your sad captains, and give the order to halt. You have seen the tree with the lights in it, haven’t you? You must have. Xerxes buffeted on a plain, ambition drained in a puff. Your men are bewildered…there is nothing to catch the eye in this flatness, nothing but a hollow, hammering sky, a waste of sedge in the lee of windblown rocks, a meager ribbon of scrub willow tracing a slumbering watercourse…and that sycamore. You saw it; you will stand rapt and mute, exalted, remembering or not remembering over a period of days to shade your head with your robe. 	“He had its form wrought upon a medal of gold to help him remember it the rest of his life.” We all ought to have a goldsmith following us around. But it goes without saying, doesn’t it, Xerxes, that no gold medal worn around your neck will bring back the glad hour, keep those lights kindled so long as you live, forever present? Pascal saw it; he grabbed pen and paper and scrawled the one word, and wore it sewn in his shirt the rest of his life. I don’t know what Pascal saw. I saw a cedar. Xerxes saw a sycamore.
Xue Yun|Only a foolish soul would love the stars. As beautiful as they are, they will burn you. Regardless of your best intentions.
Kamand Kojouri|Poetry is jealous of you tonight, for as soon as I come to pen a few words, your perfume attacks me in the most civilised manner and I forget myself. I forget the poem. I forget the ...
Kakuzō Okakura, The Book of Tea|An in-depth study of the true reason for greatness of nations, will always lead a thorough researcher to the factor of virtues and values
Whitney Wolfe|Failure's a marker of success in its own right because you went out and tried something... If you really don't want to fail, go find a comfortable chair and stay there. Just don't go out and do anything.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|But I have one want which I have never yet been able to satisfy; and the absence of the object of which I now feel as a most severe evil. I have no friend, Margaret: when I am glowing with the enthusiasm of success, there will be none to participate my joy; if I am assailed by disappointment, no one will endeavour to sustain me in dejection. I shall commit my thoughts to paper, it is true; but that is a poor medium for the communication of feeling. I desire the company of a man who could sympathise with me; whose eyes would reply to mine. You may deem me romantic, my dear sister, but I bitterly feel the want of a friend. I have no one near me, gentle yet courageous, possessed of a cultivated as well as of a capacious mind, whose tastes are like my own, to approve or amend my plans. How would such a friend repair the faults of your poor brother!
Nessie Q., Snippets of Imagery|Don’t get me wrong. For the most part, being strong got me through a lot. And I’m thankful that short of people dying on me, nothing can make me break down.There are times, however, when being strong feels a bit of a curse.You see, when you’re a very strong person, people always expect you to take care of yourself. People always expect you to put on a calm and collected exterior. You’re not given much room to freak out and be human.
Elias Canetti, Die gerettete Zunge: Geschichte einer Jugend|Stay away to abuse and misemploy knowledge, and neutrality with jealousy since it reflects the lack of sense.
Ella Frank, Blind Obsession|Waiting is often the best part of the story," he explains. "After all, once you know the story, its over.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|The world around me and my past seem far away and distorted, as if time and space were taffy being stretched and looped and twisted out of shape.
Girolamo Cardano|I prefer solitude to companions, since there are so few men who are trustworthy, and almost none truly learned. I do not say this because I demand scholarship in all men -- although the sum total of men's learning is small enough; but I question whether we should allow anyone to waste our time. The wasting of time is an abomination.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|She's a good woman, he thought. The kind of woman whose goodness is oppressive.
Raphael Zernoff|I may not know what is in store for me. However, I always know how I prefer to respond to my circumstances whatever they may be.
Dave Matthes, Return to the Madlands|You know one day, you're going to look back on these days. And everyone you went to high school with will either be getting married to each other, shitting out kids, or dropping dead like flies," when she spoke, Miss Jenson sighed at the end of every few words; she must have been narrating her own thoughts she might have otherwise kept to herself, "and everything you never did, you'll never be able to even try.
Victoria Addino|Always put your best foot forward, because you never know where your next step may lead you.
snowrinn|Life is like a Book, Everyone has their own new chapters
David K. Bernard|The inmost significance of the exaggerated value which is set upon hard work appears to be this: man seems to mistrust everything that is effortless; he can only enjoy, with a good conscience, what he has acquired with toil and trouble; he refused to have anything as a gift.
Holstee Manifesto, The Wedding Day|This is your life. Do what you want and do it often. If you don't like something, change it. If you don't like your job, quit.If you don't have enough time, stop watching TV.If you are looking for the love of your life, stop; they will be waiting for you when you start doing things you love.Stop over-analysing, life is simple.All emotions are beautiful.When you eat, appreciate every last bite.Life is simple.Open your heart, mind and arms to new things and people, we are united in our differences.Ask the next person you see what their passion is and share your inspiring dream with them.Travel often; getting lost will help you find yourself.Some opportunities only come once, seize them.Life is about the people you meet and the things you create with them, so go out and start creating.Life is short, live your dream and wear your passion.
Ashley Jensen|If you look closely, there is no book more visual than Three Trapped Tigers, in that it is filled with blank pages, dark pages, it has stars made of words, the famous magical cube made of numbers, and there is even a page which is a mirror.
Wendy Kopp|Great entrepreneurial DNA is comprised of leadership, technological vision, frugality, and the desire to succeed.
Christina Rossetti, Poems of Christina Rossetti|For if the darkness and corruption leaveA vestige of the thoughts that once I had,Better by far you should forget and smileThan that you should remember and be sad.
Andrew Solomon, The Noonday Demon: An Atlas of Depression|The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality and my life, as I write this, is vital even when sad. I may wake up sometime next year without my mind again; it is not likely to stick around all the time. Meanwhile, however, I have discovered what I would have to call a soul, a part of myself I could never have imagined until one day, seven years ago, when hell came to pay me a surprise visit. It's a precious discovery. Almost every day I feel momentary flashes of hopelessness and wonder every time whether I am slipping. For a petrifying instant here and there, a lightning-quick flash, I want a car to run me over...I hate these feelings but, but I know that they have driven me to look deeper at life, to find and cling to reasons for living, I cannot find it in me to regret entirely the course my life has taken. Every day, I choose, sometimes gamely, and sometimes against the moment's reason, to be alive. Is that not a rare joy?
Alexander Woollcott|The fact is I'm choosy, but mainly about a man's character. He has to be interesting, funny and clever. I don't even mind if he's not very good-looking.
Carl R White|Some say that a woman that trades her body for money is a whore, if that is the case, then a woman that trades her body for flattery and kind words is just a whore that is not paid very well.
|Instead of wasting your time minding other people's business, you should be busy figuring out what your true purpose in life is. Once you discover it, there would be no more time to be focusing on what others are doing.
Katy Evans, Commander in Chief|Ladies and gentlemen, the President of the United States . . .
James Crumley, Dancing Bear|Drug addicts are so funny that way. Just spinning around, lost in their own little world. Doing so much, accomplishing so little. How sad.
Sean Faris|I hope I go to Heaven, and when I do, I'm going to do what every San Franciscan does when he gets there. He looks around and says, 'It ain't bad, but it ain't San Francisco.'
Kandathil Sebastian|In a sane world I should be a great man; as things are, in this curious establishment, I am nothing at all; to all intents and purposes I don't exist. I am just a Vox et preaterea nihil.
Eric Schlosser|The way I see it, love is an amusement park, and food its souvenir.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|When someone sees the same people every day(...)they wind up becoming a part of that person's life. And then they want the person to change. If someoneisn't what others want them to be, the others become angry. Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should lead their lives, but none about his or her own.
Frank Pittman|If our children were to grow up truthful they much be taught by those who had a regard for truth; and not just a casual regard, a delicate regard. On this point we were adamant.
Natalya Vorobyova, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Plainly it is not every error made by a witness which affects his credibility. In each case the trier of fact has to make an evaluation; taking into account such matters as the nature of the contradictions, their number and importance, and their bearing on other parts of the witness's evidence.
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|I think that there should have been some nice wumpires," said my sister, wistfully. "Nice, handsome, misunderstood wumpires.""There were not," said my father.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|When resistance closes the door against you, remember that persistence holds the key. Don't give up too early; insist to endure to the end... You will never regret it!
Robert H. Schuller|Yes, you can be a dreamer and a doer too, if you will remove one word from your vocabulary : impossible.
David J. Kalupahana, Buddhist Philosophy: A Historical Analysis|He was no lover in a worldly sense; the only love he knew was that of divine understanding, of taking a whole life into its depths as if they were his own. From this, the greatest pain, the greatest happiness is born: the hope that we too will one day be understood, strangers will accept our words, our lives, as if they were their own.
Davin Turney|There are neither raptures, nor ecstasies, nor transports of bliss in the pleasures of the table; but they make up in duration what they lose in intensity, and are distinguished above all by the merit of inclining us towards all the other pleasures of life, or at least of consoling us for the loss of them.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I have a dark soul, that doesn't mean I don't love the sun, rainbows and things that emphasize the light.
Sherman Alexie|My cup is yellowOr not, though not'sImpossibleIt's yellow
Sophia Amoruso, #GIRLBOSS|I was convinced that I was totally incompetent in predicting market prices - but that others were generally incompetent also but did not know it, or did not know they were taking massive risks. Most traders were just "picking pennies in front of a steamroller," exposing themselves to the high-impact rare event yet sleeping like babies, unaware of it.
Judith Clarke, Starry Nights|She looked so disappointed, so grieved and desperate that Clem longed to comfort her, only he couldn't think of thing to say that she hadn't heard a hundred times from Dad and Dr. Snow and Mrs. Mack: how things would get better in time, though no one knew how much time, and that life might be a little better for her and Jess once school began again.
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|Adventures are important things in our life, to forget about our aging.
Leonardo da Vinci|Don't only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets; art deserves that, for it and knowledge can raise man to the Divine.
Salman Rushdie, Luka and the Fire of Life|History doesn't repeat itself, but it harmonizes, and what it usually makes is the devil's music.
G.K. Chesterton, The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare|He smiled and bent forward, a hand on each knee, his truculence gleaming through his smile like a stone under water.
Bobby Jindal|We went bankrupt one time and lost everything. When I tell that story at my Women's Leadership LIVE conferences, people are shocked. I mean, our house was auctioned off and the car repossessed in the driveway. We had to start over again.
Samuel Dash|I grew up in Rome, in actually what I would say was a liberal, open-minded family. My father was an architect and my mother was a teacher of art history, so it was sort of intellectual, and maybe a bit much for me when I was a child.
Anne Bishop, Etched in Bone|...you look the truth in the face - not the truth that has fangs and fur but the hard truth about yourself, that you're just as dangerous as the beings the rest of the people fear but you can't afford to be as honest about it. You can't tell those people that you'll make deals with what they fear in order to keep them sage from the monsters who look just like them.
Debasish Mridha|To achieve greatness, feel grateful for what you have.
Nikolas Schreck|She opened her eyes with a gasp. “I love you.” He had tears running a path down his face. He nodded. “Back at ya, pretty child. So, so much.
Rob Lowe|Lincoln's leadership is based on a number of precepts, but my favorite one is that he acted in the name, and for the good, of the people.
Niall Williams, As It Is in Heaven|How much can we ever know about the love and pain in another's heart? How much can we hope to understand those who have suffered deeper anguish, greater deprivation, and more crushing disappointments than we ourselves have known? Even if the world's rich and powerful were to put themselves in the shoes of the rest, how much would they really understand the wretched millions suffering around them? So it is when Orhan the novelist peers into the dark corners of his poet friend's difficult and painful life: How much can he really see?
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|Life is a river," a wise friend told me. "It's flowing. You're never at the same place twice.
Steve Scalise|The Trans-Pacific Partnership has the potential to reshape America's relationship with the nations of the Pacific Rim, enhance U.S. leadership in this critically important region, and provide a major boost to our economy.
Rocky Gamez|Dear Rocky,Here I am taking my pencil in my hand to say hello, hoping you are in the best of health, both physically and mentally. As for me, I am fine thanks to Almighty God.The weather in the valley is in the shits. It's been raining since Thanksgiving and here it is almost at the end of December and it's still raining. Instead of growing a prick, I think I'm going to grow a tail, like a tadpole. Ha, ha, ha!
David  Nicol|What I don't get about "traditional publishing" is that an author creates a work that they think is good enough to be published. They then have to spend their valuable time begging others to exploit them to point where they end up with a 5% stake in THEIR business. What kind of a screwed of business model is that?
Charles Duhigg|Once people learned how to believe in something, that skill started spilling over to other parts of their lives, until they started believing they could change. Belief was the ingredient that made a reworked habit loop into a permanent behavior.
Qalandar Nawaz|if you say!"A woman is A problem"Gentleman, "Probably you have never seen her sweeter part
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Because it took you years to become so negative, doubting and dis-empowered – it must now become your daily journey to a life-time of positivity and empowering thoughts, words, actions and beliefs.
Adam Levine|My time at Honda was amazing. Some of my best times in Formula One, actually. I might not have won races, just one race, but I had a lot of fun.
Jeffrey Steingarten, The Man Who Ate Everything|But the goal of the arts, culinary or otherwise, is not to increase our comfort. That is the goal of an easy chair.
Mike Carey, The Devil You Know|I’d ask you to be careful tomorrow, if I thought you’d listen to me,’ I said to him.He looked sympathetic but annoyed. ‘Mum, I’m not a baby anymore.’ Then sensing that I was on the verge of crying, he hugged me gently to his chest. I couldn’t remember the last time he’d hugged me this way. With my face pressed next to his heart I whispered softly, ‘You’ll always be my baby.’ The hug grew firmer and the teardrops began to fall freely.
marianna paige|It makes me sick, the way sadness is addicting. The way I can’t stop. Sadness is familiar. It’s comfortable and it’s easy in a sense that it comes naturally to me. But everything else about it is hard. The way my body aches with self-hatred. The way my mind spins and spins with hopeless thoughts. The way it poisons everything I do, every relationship I have. Yet it’s addicting, because I know sadness, and I know it very well. And there’s a sort of comfort in that, like being home after a trip or sleeping in your own bed after being away. There’s just a sense that this is where I belong. This is how it’s supposed to be.
Marjane Satrapi, Embroideries|I've never seen or touched anything.""Can you explain then how you had children?""You're right. It's true I have four kids. Four! But still I have never seen the male organ. He came into the bedroom, he turned off the light, and then Bam! Bam! Bam! and voila I was pregnant! What's more, I was granted four girls. So I have never seen penises.
Scott Stabile|Become more committed to seeing what's right about you than you are to seeing what's wrong, and soon you'll start to feel a lot different about yourself.
Jimmy Page|I may not believe in myself, but I believe in what I'm doing.
Sherwood Smith|When people first discover beauty, they tend to linger. Even if they don’t at first recognize it for what it is.
Alan Lakein|Time = Life, Therefore, waste your time and waste of your life, or master your time and master your life.
Cole Swindell|I wasn't a happy kid. I felt like my mum ruined our chance of a better life, because when she remarried, we went to live in Bahrain, on a compound with a swimming pool, and she ruined it all.
Rachael Ray|I wish I could be as thin as Jessica Simpson. I think she looks gorgeous! I have had Jessica on my show several times, and I can tell you that girl is genuine and funny with a great self-deprecating sense of humor.
Robert Masello, The Medusa Amulet|We live by our labors from one harvest to the next, there is no certain telling whether we shall be able to feed ourselves and our children, and if bad times are prolonged we know we must see the weak surrender their lives and this fact, too, is within our experience. In our lives there is no margin for misfortune.
Shahenshah Hafeez Khan|There is a large stock on hand; but somehow or other, nobody's experience ever suits us but our own.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|To make change sustain, the important thing is “end-to-end” performance.
William Faulkner, Go Down, Moses|Who owned no property and never desired to since the earth was no man's but all men's, as light and air and weather were.
David Thewlis, The Late Hector Kipling|I want that. I want that awful intense and serious unhappiness, cos then I might feel better, and then I might be happy.
Ellen G. White|Yāwshu (Jesus) is the son of the Canaano-Phoenician Most High God Ēl-Alyon, being the Son of the Virgin Lady Maryām by the Divine Will of the Lord, who blessed this conception of a child that would be named Immanuel. He would live among us as “God Ēl with us,” a Nazarene, sacredly chosen to consecrate himself for keeping the word of God in his heart, mind, and spirit, healing the human race from its many errors and sins. He is the Galilean Meshiha (Messiah) who would anoint the people—who believed in him, his mother, and Father, and who believed in the Great Message he came to deliver, Love and Peace—with sacred water, the purest form of what is considered as the origin of life here on earth. He is the Khristós (Christ) who came and had himself crucified on the altar of life so that we may be clean and have life abundantly. He is the Good Shepherd.
Matt      Chandler, Creature of the Word: The Jesus-Centered Church|Because children already have a realization of their weakness, is this not the best opportunity to apply the gospel to their hearts?
Leo Tolstoy, On the Significance of Science and Art|Where there has been true science, art has always been its exponent.
David Levithan, Are We There Yet?|Elijah is inexplicably moved by the broken columns and fragmented floors. He cannot help but find a meaning and a message in their poverty of stature. This is what remains, he thinks. It seems a valuable lesson on a day when card catalogs are dying, communications are deleted, and buildings crumble under the weight of society’s expectations.
Eileen Kennedy-Moore, Smart Parenting for Smart Kids: Nurturing Your Child's True Potential|The path of development is a journey of discovery that is clear only in retrospect, and it’s rarely a straight line.
Joseph J. Ellis, Founding Brothers: The Revolutionary Generation|American soldiers were dying in frigid Korea. One of our greatest generals told us that the president and his team were not trying to win. And some strident voices were saying that that was because they didn't want to win,
Florence Converse, Diana Victrix|After a while, when she has forgotten him a little, when she realizes that her life and her are more to her than any man, she will tell me about it.
Kenya Wright, Bad for You 3|The expression just set me on edge. He had the look of an injured wild animal. I imagined a hungry lion limping in front of me with a bloody paw. No matter how much the beast stumbled or bled, one would have to always remember that the creature could tear the average human body in half.
E. F. Benson|I can't be a man. But I can embrace the head of a man, the intelligence of a man, the spirit of a man.
Stephen King, The Long Walk|Some of these guys will go on walking long after the laws of biochemistry and handicapping have gone by the boards. There was a guy last year that crawled for two miles at four miles an hour after both of his feet cramped up at the same time, you remember reading about that? Look at Olson, he's worn out but he keeps going. That goddam Barkovitch is running on high-octane hate and he just keeps going and he's as fresh as a daisy. I don't think I can do that. I'm not tired -not really tired- yet. But I will be." The scar stood out on the side of his haggard face as he looked ahead into the darkness "And I think... when I get tired enough... I think I'll just sit down
Muhammad Iqbal, Sir|Khird-Mandon Se Kya Puchon Ke Meri Ibtida Kya HaiKe Main Iss Fikar Mein Rehta Hun, Meri Intiha Kya HaiWhat should I ask the sages about my origin:I am always wanting to know my goal.
Kristin Armstrong|How to run an ultramarathon ? Puff out your chest, put one foot in front of the other, and don't stop till you cross the finish line.
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|There are moments in the course of gender healing work when the veils obscuring its deeper mystery are suddenly parted and the underlying omniscient presence of the Beloved, or Spirit, or Love – the force and radiance at the core of the work – is subtly revealed. In such moments there is an inexplicable energetic shift that touches everyone present, and people are moved beyond their usual selfish attachments into a selfless, universal compassion.
Gene Wilder|Too many guys don't know what to do with their lives after boxing. I was lucky because I had two managers who didn't trust each other, and so they were always making sure where all the money was, and because of that, so did I.
Erin Bow, Plain Kate|Taggle was absorbed in the meat pie. ‘It’s covered in BREAD,’ he huffed. ‘What fool has covered MEAT with BREAD?
Thomas Mann, Doctor Faustus|Only love can be shared, and the attempt to 'share' an illusion is literally impossible.
LeBron James|If the Lord says to give more than you think you are able to give, know that He will provide for you. Whether things are sailing smoothly or the bottom has dropped out, He is always trustworthy. You can count on Almighty God to keep His everlasting Word.
Anthony Holden|But even in elementary school and junior high, I was very interested in space and in the space program.
Mandi Lynn, Essence|You cannot always find someone to make you feel special; if you did, make her a heaven so she could stay.
Langston Hughes|When peoples cry for you, they can straighten out your soul.
Dan Simmons, Hyperion|She [Beatrice] alone was still real for him, still implied meaning in the world, and beauty. Her nature became his landmark - what Melville would call, with more sobriety than we can now muster, his Greenwich Standard ...
Darrell Calkins, Re:|In an animal’s or a plant’s expression of imagination (let’s leave out the rest for now, so we don’t have to deal with the question of consciousness in, for example, minerals), there is always purity in the connection between need and evolution. That which is created is a response to reality and very specific, essential concerns. This then is the origin of the union between what is so and mysterious harmony—truth and beauty. The bridge between them is inspired intuition and the actions it causes. Or, imagination causes inspiration causes intuition causes beauty, which then causes imagination again…
Jim Pattison|Every different social group that I encountered had its different set of rules, so you learn very quickly how to pick up the nuances and change yourself accordingly. When you are not from anywhere, you have to try to find what's universal. You are always trying to fit in.
Campbell Brown|In France, President Francois Hollande is leveraging the next wave of the Internet to jumpstart economic reforms and create jobs for hundreds of thousands of citizens. A historically socialist government, France has had the courage to quickly implement unique partnerships with the business community to drive entrepreneurial spirit and thinking.
Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching|An ethical idealist, a person whom embraces the honorable philosophy of ethical idealism, performs acts that are honest, pure, and righteous regardless of their fearfulness.
Howard Schultz|The Indian youth needs to be empowered, and it can be done through good education and vocational training.
Sophie Oak, Beast|Julia...do you feel how much you own me?" I moaned against the soft skin of her neck, her pulse beating wildly against my lips. So sweet and alive. "But you're mine. You own me, but you've always been mine.
Gordon B. Hinckley|Because I am much like Reagan and Margaret Thatcher, I'm such an unconventional political figure that you really need to design a unique campaign that fits the way I operate.
Rosario Castellanos, The Book of Lamentations|The sound is gone. There's nothing left but the insomniac throbbing of crickets. Crickets in the garden, the courtyard, the back courtyard. Close, domestic, identifiable. And those out in the country. Between all of them they raise, little by little, a wall that will keep out the thing that lies waiting for the tiniest crack of silence to steal through. The thing that is feared by all those who are sleepless, those who walk through the night, those who are lonely, children. That thing. The voice of the dead. 
Adele Green in Can You See Me Naked: Grow in a conscious relationship|It is not about the person who is right for you, but when you are ready to experience who you are through another.
Debbie Macomber, The Snow Bride|By the time they arrived, the snow was coming down fast...."It's beautiful," she said, pausing outside the door. She thrust out her hands and let the snow land on her palms."Yes, yes..." Reid seemed in a mighty big hurry to get her inside."How long did you say the storm would last?" she asked, thinking it would be so beautiful. The snow -- not being trapped with Reid Jamison.Reid hesitated. "Longer than either of us is going to like," he muttered, looking miserable.Jenna was afraid of that.
Felicity Brandon, The Abduction|How many spanks have you had, Julia?” Damien asked.“Two, Sir.”“What colour are you on?”“Mortification,” she mumbled.
Edward Gibbon, The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire Volume I|Tribal Chief 1: The will of the people is what is best. That is what democracy meansTribal Chief 2: But if the people don’t know what they are talking about, how can that be the best?
John Berger|The envied are like bureaucrats; the more impersonal they are, the greater the illusion (for themselves and for others) of their power.
Diogenes Laërtius, Complete Works|Let my worship be within the heart that rejoices, for behold, all acts of love and pleasure are my rituals. Therefore, let there be beauty and strength, power and compassion, honor and humility, mirth and reverence within you.
Cassandra Clare|You know that feeling when you are reading a book, and you know that it is going to be a tragedy; you can feel the cold and darkness coming, see the net drawing close around the characters who live and breathe on the pages. But you are tied to the story as if being dragged behind a carriage, and you cannot let go or turn the course aside.
I.R. Shankar|If the shining sun blinds the eye,it makes sense. But to be blinded by gold and silver!
Sanhita Baruah|I find beauty in sadness, and peace... and a mystery waiting to be solved.. the more you unfold the mystery, the more you are mesmerized by the layers of mystery lying underneath.. and solitude becomes the perfect company for sadness..but again, the feeling you get when you realize you're not alone gives you inexplicable happiness.. and there's satisfaction in happiness,, and another mystery which is unknotted yet difficult to penetrate
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|Let what is Soulfully shared this Christmas, remind you of all you have the power to achieve.
Marina Warner, Once Upon a Time: A Short History of Fairy Tale|Like ´Bluebeard´, the fairy tale of ´Snow White´does not record a single, appalling crime, but testifies to a structural and endemic conflict in society that was political and social as well as personal, producing many, many instances of similar violence.
Ahmir Questlove Thompson, Mo' Meta Blues: The World According to Questlove|I loved the idea that looking at a painting or listening to a concerto could make you somehow "transcend" the day-in, day-out bullshit that grinds you down: how in one instant of pure attention you could draw something inside that made you forever larger
John Stuart Mill|When the solution to a given problem doesn’t lay right before our eyes, it is easy to assume that no solution exists. But history has shown again and again that such assumptions are wrong. This is not to say the world is perfect. Nor that all progress is always good. Even widespread societal gains inevitably produce losses for some people. That’s why the economist Joseph Schumpeter referred to capitalism as “creative destruction.” But humankind has a great capacity for finding technological solutions to seemingly intractable problems, and this will likely be the case for global warming. It isn’t that the problem isn’t potentially large. It’s just that human ingenuity—when given proper incentives—is bound to be larger. Even more encouraging, technological fixes are often far simpler, and therefore cheaper, than the doomsayers could have imagined. Indeed, in the final chapter of this book we’ll meet a band of renegade engineers who have developed not one but three global-warming fixes, any of which could be bought for less than the annual sales tally of all the Thoroughbred horses at Keeneland auction house in Kentucky.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|In this world of ever-growing technology, creativity and innovation when new things happen every second, perhaps, you wouldn’t be able to do anything new but you could always do something that shows other ‘The New’ they haven’t come across.
A.M.L|You were my dock. I am just a mere ship that has drifted farther and farther into the vast water. Many docks are in range, but I have yet to anchor and tie my rope.
Mohit Chauhan|Look, I worked with American Republican presidents and Democratic presidents, all of them, and each of them has shown a deep and profound friendship to Israel, you know? I can't remember anybody who was in that sense negative as far as Israel is concerned.
Diyar Harraz, Like The Starlings|I never settled with anything. It was like a pendulum; swinging back and forth but never reached a comatose state. As a sequence of events around me unfolded, I struggled to understand who I was, whose child I was and whether I would ever find a way home.
Anonymous|People are always asking about the good old days. I say  why don't you say the good "now" days? Isn't "now" the only time you're living?
Debasish Mridha|The essential attributes of a great leader are a positive attitude, humility, and gratitude.
Prabidh|Life is a series of rooms, filled with people who teaches you various things through different experiences. These experiences can be good as well as bad, but they all play a vital role to shape your life. You should also learn to softly close the door of the rooms that you will not go back into. All those rooms should be left closed and you should move onto the next room. This is the cycle of life. Never get stuck in a specific room – because then you will never move on.
Lois Greiman, Unplugged|Celibacy sucks, no pun intended.
Karl Pilkington, An Idiot Abroad: The Travel Diaries of Karl Pilkington|I thought the fart was a human thing. It's something to do with like, arse cheeks, or whatever.
Sonia Sotomayor|I have had positive experiences with cameras. When I have been asked to join experiments using cameras in the courtroom, I have participated; I have volunteered.
Susan Wiggs, The Lightkeeper|Sometimes the ones we love are like butterflies, flitting all over, and we have to sit and wait patiently for them to land. Sometimes they never do, and that’s a risk we take. But sometimes what they need most is to see us sitting still, patient, waiting. To understand that we’re going to be there no matter what, that we’re the ones who are always sitting there waiting, loyal, loving. Sometimes that’s more powerful than any words.
Matthew Scully|A crowd always thinks with its sympathy, never with its reason.
Gaia B. Amman, Sex-O-S: The Tragicomic Adventure of an Italian Surviving the First Time|Why did it have to be such a shameful secret? Hadn’t I been potty-trained and taught to chew with my mouth closed? So what was the freaking big deal about having sex? Wasn’t it essential to the survival of our darn, hypocritical species?
Matt Abrams, She's Toxic|Even in death, my mother smiled—and she had every reason to do so, for I had become precisely what she hoped I would—her mirror image.
Andrew Davidson|Coincidentally, a good age for a Japanese girl is younger than twenty five, because that's when she turns into a 'Christmas Cake'. Christmas cakes, as everyone knows, are desirable before the twenty fifth but afterward quickly become stale and are put on the shelf. 
Adriane Leigh, Sweet Alibi|I pressed inside her, inch by inch, gazing into her face. Her beauty. Mesmerizing. I was awed that I was inside her . . . or nearly. When I came to the barrier of her virginity, I met her eyes, full of trust and wonder, and whispered, "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, sweet Lydia. Mo Chroí." And then I pressed inside, tearing her. She cried out in pain. I wanted to comfort her, but it felt so blessedly good that I could only bring my forehead to hers, holding myself still by sheer force of will, gritting my teeth to stop myself from thrusting, while she became used to my invasion. Why did it have to be that something that felt so wonderful to me hurt her?
T. B. Joshua|If men possessed wisdom, which stands in the same relation to the form of man as the sight to the eye, they would not cause any injury to themselves or to others; for the knowledge of truth removes hatred and quarrels, and prevents mutual injuries.
Maliny Mohan, Shades Of Life|I still had my hand on his side, careful not to press. He reached out and hooked a finger into the belt loop on my jeans. It felt so natural, so fulfilling, to be there with him. To talk with him as if we did it everyday. As if we'd been doung it every day for years. Not even the heat of Ian's fury could penetrate the warmth I was getting from Reyes.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Kiss an Angel|Did you eat my Twinkies?"She gulped. Keeping her eyes glued to the whip, she said, "Exactly what Twinkies are we talking about?""The Twinkies in the cupboard over the sink. The only Twinkies in the trailer." His fingers convulsed around the coils of leather.Oh, Lord, she thought. Flayed to death for a Twinkle."Well?""It, uh — it won't happen again, I promise you. But they didn't have any special marking on them, so there was no way I could tell they were yours." Her eyes remained riveted on the whip. "And normally I wouldn't have eaten them— I never eat junk food-—but I was hungry last night, and, well, when you think about it, you'll have to admit I did you a favor because they're clogging my arteries now instead of yours."His voice was quiet. Too quiet. In her mind she heard the howl of a rampaging Cossack baying at a Russian moon. "Don't touch my Twinkies. Ever. If you want Twinkies, buy your own.
Daniel Polansky, She Who Waits|Be careful,' I hissed, then released him. 'Keep one eye on your back, and two on your best friend.''That's three eyes.''You'll need four to survive what's coming,' I said.
Amelia Atwater-Rhodes, Hawksong|I ask for trust. It is a lot, I know; it isn't easy to give. But it is all I ask.
Tove Jansson, Tales from Moominvalley|He was the owner of the moonlight on the ground, he fell in love with the most beautiful of the trees, he made wreaths of leaves and strung them around his neck.
Amit Chaudhuri, Calcutta: Two Years in the City|A bus drives past and I’m nauseated by a whiff of exhaust. Then rotting fish. The rancid stench of sewage. Is it garbage day? I’m trapped in the pungent fog, in the dreary suburban-style shops, the rat race of city life. The city, even on the west coast, has the power to beat us down, to suck us of passion, to crush our dreams.
Elizabeth Scott, Perfect You|I didn't want it to be one good memory that led to a lot of bad ones. I wanted it to stay what it was, one amazing moment, something that was strong and sweet enough to stand on its own. Something I could remember without any pain. - Kate
Henry Petroski|Many of the familiar little things that we use every day have typically evolved over a period of time to a state of familiarity. They balance form and function, elegance and economy, success and failure in ways that are not only acceptable, but also admirable.
Derek Landy, The Maleficent Seven: From the World of Skulduggery Pleasant|Normally ghosts didn't scare him. (Assuming, of course, Gaea hadn't encased them in shells of stone and turned them into killing machines. That had been a new one for him.)
R.J. Larson, Prophet|Because He loves us. And love does not demand enslavement, but... love desires a partnership. Our Creator seeks true communication between us and Him. He won't force anyone to love Him. We decide for ourselves.
Liz Curtis Higgs, Bad Girls of the Bible: And What We Can Learn from Them|We pass Tinsley's Fried Chicken with the big sign that reads, TRY OUR BIG, JUICY BREASTS.
Nevil Shute, A Town Like Alice|It was a gambler's action, but his whole life had probably been made up of gambles; it could hardly be otherwise in the outback.
Val Uchendu|Life is a gift and every day is an opportunity to share your gift with others. Don’t be grateful, be fabulously grateful
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|But you know, even worrying about haircuts couldn't depress me. Because every time I started sinking low, I'd just remember about football. All this time I'd thought I wanted to be a trainer, when it turned out I wanted to be a player instead. I saw something I wanted to do and I decided to do it. The feeling of freedom this gave me—I can't even describe it. It was my decision. I chose it. I am not a cow.
Sreesha Divakaran|You don't fade from within my mind; it's a flawThat I dwell on each moment, cling to youLike smoke escaping my fingers while the candles burn them raw
Bob Casey, Jr.|What Republicans need to do is to go back to their roots - starting with Lincoln - and remind the nation that they are the party of national growth, racial equality and unity of purpose. These Lincolnian themes will serve Republicans - and the nation - much better than becoming the party on the lookout for the supposed rat head of higher taxes.
Ratko Petrović|she had known the consequences when she took off, but for whatever reason, she left anyway.
David G. McAfee, Disproving Christianity and Other Secular Writings|Evil ethicists are the holocaust of humanity; if philosophy can be the instant sunlight to their endless vampirism, it will save more lives than all the doctors who have ever lived.
J. Paul Getty|It takes more than capital to swing business. You've got to have the A. I. D. degree to get by - Advertising, Initiative, and Dynamics.
Ron Lewis|Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age.
Jacqueline Winspear, Messenger of Truth|She had always told herself that she did hti job because she wanted to help others; afterall, hadn't Maurice told her once that the most important question any individual could ask was, "How might I serve?" If her response to that question had been pure, surely she would have coninued with the calling to be a nurse.... But that role hadn't been quite enough for her. She would have missed the excitement, the thrill when she embarked on the work of collecting clues to support a case.
Gary L. Francione|Human beings do not eat nutrients, they eat food.
Quetzal|I guess he was right; I’m just a scorpion without wings,God created me this way, no wings, just a poisonous sting,The one I loved knew my true natureShe knew I could sting her heart, and poisoned her soul,My lover knew me well, she knew my truth,She could see my poisonous soul, My ego bowed to her beauty, always ready to strike She knew my true nature, she saw the scorpion,She saw the venom in heart, she loved me still,I struck her heart multiple times,I poisoned her soul with my sting,I guess he was right; I’m just a scorpion without wingsShe knew me well; she saw the lethal sting,She saw her wounded heart, she loved me stillShe you loved the scorpion to the end,She fell in love, and now she’s dead,The scorpion cries, in agony, He wishes he wasn’t a venomous beast,The scorpion suffers; he misses his loved one,The one he killed, the one he stung,The one who loved him to the end
Charlotte Turner Smith, Desmond|I might, indeed, read history; but whenever I attempt to do so, I am to tell you the truth, driven from it by disgust—What is it, but a miserably mortifying detail of crimes and follies?—of the guilt of a few, and the sufferings of many, while almost every page offers an argument in favor of what I never will believe—that heaven created the human race only to destroy itself.
J.L. Clayton, A Spark of Magic|Why can’t I take you? Why is it so hard? You have the other half of my soul; with you I will be complete! So. Then. Why?” Crispin murmured clenching his fists.  Oh, he pitied the fool who would be in his way once he returned to his domain. “Oh, what suffering will befall them in her place,” he smiled wickedly. ~Crispin~
Eliyahu M. Goldratt, The Goal: A Process of Ongoing Improvement|Death, however clearly foretold, still came unexpectedly.
Tabitha King|When we're on the space station, we orbit the Earth 16 times per day, which means we're constantly moving to and away from the sun. From light to shadow, the temperature swings by 300 degrees. Of course we're protected by the gear we wear, but you can definitely feel this temperature change.
Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian|I used to think the world was broken down by tribes,' I said. 'By Black and White. By Indian and White. But I know this isn't true. The world is only broken into two tribes: the people who are assholes and the people who are not.
Alphonse de Lamartine|I don’t know what to do,” he said. “No harm in that. I’ve never known what to do,” said Rincewind with hollow cheerfulness. “Been completely at a loss my whole life.” He hesitated. “I think it’s called being human, or something.
Tony   Taylor, Counters|Through the trees there was a motion, a person walking on the road. Isabelle watched as the girl - it was Amy - moving slowly and with her head down, came up the gravel driveway. The sight of her pained Isabelle. It pained her terribly to see her, but why?Because she looked unhappy, her shoulders slumped like that, her neck thrust forward, walking slowly, just about dragging her feet. This was Isabelle's daughter; this was Isabelle's fault. She hadn't done it right, being a mother, and this youthful desolation walking up the driveway was exactly proof of that. But then Amy straightened up, glancing toward the house with a wary squint, and she seemed transformed to Isabelle, suddenly a presence to be reckoned with. Her limbs were long and even, her breasts beneath her T-shirt seemed round and right, neither large or small, only part of some pleasing symmetry; her face looked intelligent and shrewd. Isabelle, sitting motionless in her chair, felt intimidated.And angry. The anger arrived in one quick thrust. It was the sight of her daughter's body that angered her. It was not the girl's unpleasantness, or even the fact that she had been lying to Isabelle for so many months, nor did Isabelle hate Amy for taken up all the space in her life. She hated Amy because the girl had been enjoying the sexual pleasures of a man, while she herself had not.
Sara Sheridan|While what I write is always largely consistent with the records that remain I freely admit that where historical fact proves a barrier to invention, I simply move a detail a little one way or another.
Claire Wong, The Runaway|If necessity is the mother of invention, then dissatisfaction must be its father.
Jamie Ford, Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet|Her hands flew to her mouth. 'Are we even twins?'Josh rested his hand on her shoulder and brought his forehead to rest against hers, strands of their blond hair mingling. 'I will always be your brother, Sophie. I will always look after you.
Teresa Lo, The Sugar Baby Club|My name is Jasmine Lewis, and this is my story. It’s a cautionary tale about money, sex, and power, but I guess those words are redundant. Money is always about sex and power. And sex is always about power. And why have power if you can’t have sex and money?But anyway, this is a story about money, sex, and power. This is the story of The Sugar Baby Club.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|Lone rangers, that's what we are. We see the world with our naked eyes, unabashed of the greed and ego. Our mind resides on our tongue and we stand for what's right. A little too much fun, and an exciting package. Raving for life and exploring possibilities is our goal. Travel far and wide and into the wild, we will go for it someday. Care so much that even gods would bow down. Love to the hilt and then let go, coz that's what this life is meant for. One life and we will live up to the hilt and leave no regrets. So, when we land into our graves with a satisfied smile, we big farewell to the meanness of this so-called universe.With every journey there is a new lesson learned, every place traveled, explored; makes us in fall in love with the earth. Care less about our whereabouts; we keep the expedition going because we want to go far beyond the civilized, beyond the living, beyond the world of predictability, beyond u and I & into the wild. Feasting the eyes, rejuvenating the senses, every breath we take is a sigh of relief and we make peace. Choosing the roads less traveled, our wandering souls makes our way towards the unknown destination not only to discover ourselves but to discover the wild, nature and the mother earth.
M.H. Rakib|We humans who art on EarthHumanity is specialOur kingdom has comeDo what we innately know to be rightOn earth, because that's all there isShare the bread we haveTry not to screw upWhen others screw up, understandWe can't have everything that tempts usDeliver ourselves from evilBecause this is it, the Earth,The power to do right and the glory to come if we do is oursNow and forever,Hu-man.
G.S. Jennsen, Dissonance|So a scientist and an engineer are tossed into separate rooms, stocked with tools and parts, and told that they aren't allowed out until they've produced a working prototype for a radio receiver. After two days, the scientist has covered the walls in scribbling and looks like a mad man, raving about how not only is it impossible to build a receiver with the parts given but that he's proven that radio is theoretically impossible anyway. When they check on the engineer, they find that he'd built the receiver in less than a day, fashioned a crude speaker and antenna, and had found a radio broadcast he liked and hadn't bothered to tell them he'd finished.
Joe Lieberman|But really, we also need to learn how to love one another as women. How to appreciate and respect each other.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In your travel, learn the brief history of the place visited. History is rich knowledge.
Jasper Fforde, The Eyre Affair|Don't you see that the whole aim of Newspeak is to narrow the range of thought? In the end we shall make thought-crime literally impossible, because there will be no words in which to express it. Every concept that can ever be needed will be expressed by eactly one word, with its meaning rigidly defined and all its subsidiary meanings rubbed out and forgotten. . . . The process will still be continuing long after you and I are dead. Every year fewer and fewer words, and the range of consciousness always a little smaller. Even now, of course, there's no reason or excuse for commiting thought-crime. It's merely a question of self-discipline, reality-control. But in the end there won't be any need even for that. . . . Has it ever occcured to you, Winston, that by the year 2050, at the very latest, not a single human being will be alive who could understand such a conversation as we are having now?
Hugo Chavez|Every problem is super-interesting and has its own nuances, and you solve it today, but you try to solve it with an architecture. You build a machine to solve the problems that are like it later. And then you move on to the next.
Charles Bukowski, Hot Water Music|What is your advice to young writers?” “Drink, fuck and smoke plenty of cigarettes.
Jessica Kristie|Broken.As I search for hope,In the same eyesI lost it.
Debasish Mridha|It is easy to find peace if you are kind, loving, and forgiving.
Shannon MacLeod, Rogue on the Rollaway|His deep voice drifted to her through the crowd of women. “…my lady when she returns. Och, there ye are, Blossom,” Faolán grinned, standing up and taking her hand so she could ease back into the restaurant booth. “These lasses were just asking if I was a stripper. I told them I doona think so,” he said, his face clouded with uncertainty. “I’m not, am I?”The inquisitive lasses in question flushed scarlet and scattered to the four corners of the room at the murderous look on Colleen’s face. “No, you’re not, but I guess I can see how they’d think that,” she muttered darkly. “What you are is a freaking estrogen magnet.
Jonathan Kellerman, Blood Test|I'd long thought that a surfeit of sensitivity could be a killing thing, too much insight malignant in its own right. The best survivors--there are studies that show it--are those blessed with an inordinate ability to deny. And keep on marching.
Kelly Batten, One Day You'll Find Me|Peering around her, I took note exactly where the hundred metre high cliff started. i didn't want to be taking an unexpected flying lesson today.
J.A. Redmerski, The Edge of Never|…the door banged wide open, and the most striking man I had ever seen stood in the frame, the black winds whipping around him like a chariot of storm clouds.
Nicholas Gane, Max Weber and Postmodern Theory: Rationalization Versus Re-enchantment|... Weber insists that one should not give up or lose faith in the face of this struggle. Indeed, he calls for us to engage in, rather than withdraw from, the problems of this world. He reminds us, for example, that while 'successful political action is always the "art of the possible" ... the possible is often reached only by striving to attain the impossible that lies beyond it'.
Saaif Alam|If you bewilder other people about your self identify, this shows that you are behaving really good in disguise. Also, if posses this kind of personality, you will likely have no remorse for your mistake and you will eventually lose your trust from others.
August Wilson, Fences|Please, Mr. Engineer let a man ride the linePlease, Mr. Engineer let a man ride the lineI ain't got no ticket please let me ride the blinds
Maulana Wahiduddin Khan, The True Jihad: The Concept of Peace, Tolerance and Non Violence in Islam|In this world, unity is achievable only by learning to unite in spite of differences, rather than insisting on unity without differences. For their total eradication is an impossibility. The secret of attaining peace in life is tolerance of disturbance of the peace. (p. 99)
Scott Hastie|When I turned to look at you, I was afraid to move again—the moment was just too beautiful to be lost.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|A true professional not only follows but loves the processes, policies and principles set by his profession.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|I love her with all my soul. Why, she is a child! She's a child now — a real child. Oh! you know nothing about it at all, I see.""And are you assured, at the same time, that you love Aglaya too?""Yes — yes — oh; yes!""How so? Do you want to make out that you love them BOTH?""Yes — yes — both! I do!""Excuse me, prince, but think what you are saying! Recollect yourself!""Without Aglaya — I — I MUST see Aglaya! — I shall die in my sleep very soon — I thought I was dying in my sleep last night. Oh! if Aglaya only knew all — I mean really, REALLY all! Because she must know ALL — that's the first condition towards understanding. Why cannot we ever know all about another, especially when that other has been guilty? But I don't know what I'm talking about — I'm so confused. You pained me so dreadfully. Surely — surely Aglaya has not the same expression now as she had at the moment when she ran away? Oh, yes! I am guilty and I know it — I know it! Probably I am in fault all round — I don't quite know how — but I am in fault, no doubt. There is something else, but I cannot explain it to you, Evgenie Pavlovitch. I have no words; but Aglaya will understand. I have always believed Aglaya will understand — I am assured she will.""No, prince, she will not. Aglaya loved like a woman, like a human being, not like an abstract spirit. Do you know what, my poor prince? The most probable explanation of the matter is that you never loved either the one or the other in reality.
William Faulkner, The Hamlet|The rhythm of a New York summer is passionate and powerful, evoking a rapid calypso, with July being the musical climax.
Mary Manin Morrissey|God moves in a mysterious way, His wonders to perform. He plants his footsteps in the sea, and rides upon the storm.
Ally Broadfield, Say You'll Love Me|Those green eyes mocked her, and the ass leaned into her blade as if daring her to slice him
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|If you are capable, but not available, nature will raise a person with lesser ability to replace you soon.
Randy Leedy, Love Not the World: Winning the War Against Worldliness|Better a little hardship now than a great deal of loss or suffering forever, and a third alternative simply does not exist.
Linda Ronstadt|I don't believe in the school of hard knocks, although I've had them. All that stuff about whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger is so not true. Do you know what makes you stronger? When people treat you and your art with dignity.
Michael Bassey Johnson, The Infinity Sign|Creativity expands the mind, stretches it beyond ordinary human comprehension, resulting in the mind being elastic and capable of transcending and discerning complex ideas.
Joel Osteen|I like the detail work of telling a story in small pieces, as is done in movie-making, and also the long leap of faith needed to see a theatre performance through each night. Both require focus and self-discipline.
Suzie Barnes-Eilhauer|By choice or by chance, we must actively test our limits to know our capabilities.
Marcus Buckingham|Wait. You work for me?""I prefer to think of it as managing your incompetence.
Guy Brown, The Energy Of Life|Averages might mean something to bureaucrats and engineers, but the sea had no struck with statistics: it was a succession of unpredictable circumstances and extremes.
Joshua Gaylord, When We Were Animals|I welcome monsters into my bedand set a place for them at breakfast,leave sugar out for their coffeegoddamnI’ve always been so good at loving monsters
Marc Andreessen|If it keeps up, man will atrophy all his limbs but the push-button finger.
Chiang Kai-shek|What nourishes us at home and in school is what inspires us. When we get awareness and learn about the great potential that we all human beings have, we are able to discover our leadership.
Oliverio Girondo|Cansado,sobre todo,de estar siempre conmigo,de hallarme cada día,cuando termina el sueño,allí, donde me encuentre,con las mismas naricesy con las mismas piernas...
Frances Hardinge, Fly by Night|But in the name of all that is holy, Mosca, of all the people you could have taken up with, why Eponymous Clent?" murmured Kohlrabi.Because I'd been hording words for years, buying them from peddlers and carving them secretly on bits of bark so I wouldn't forget them, and then he turned up using words like "epiphany" and "amaranth." Because I heard him talking in the marketplace, laying out sentences like a merchant rolling out rich silks. Because he made words and ideas dance like flames and something that was damp and dying came alive in my mind, the way it hadn't since they burned my father's books. Because he walked into Chough with stories from exciting places tangled around him like maypole streamers..."Mosca shrugged."He's got a way with words.
Mehmet Murat ildan|What is the name of your dream? A lovely wooden cottage in the middle of a forest? Or walking in an endless autumn path? What is the name of your dream? Don’t give a name, always give a list! Fill yourself with dreams because dream is the path to reality!
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The First Circle|To kill an error is as good a service as, and sometimes even better than, the establishing of a new truth or fact.
Erica O'Rourke, Dissonance|A part of me wants to spin around and slam the bottom of my heel into her head. In kick-boxing, we'd call that a Spinning Back Kick. Here, it's called, "how to get my crazy jealous ass fired." There's no way I'd get a thumbs up from Cain on that part.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|Both wet to the bone, exhausted, and one unconscious, Kedean thought, all in all, they were faring rather well for two unarmed men who'd only just an hour ago escaped a fleet of fairy pirates into frigid water in unknown territory.
Kristen Crockett, The Gift of Past Relationships|Whether our caretaker was our mom, dad, uncle, aunt, grandparent, foster parent, or sibling, our blueprint of what a relationship is supposed to look like is drafted by what we observed from our caretaker’s relationship. If our caretaker took their significant other back multiple times, made excuses for their actions, helped them battle demons, turned a blind eye to their infidelity, or moved from one relationship to the next, that is what we know. Their behavior becomes our very own model of what a relationship is supposed to look like and determines what we will expect from our own partners.﻿
William Faulkner|Do not consider me now as an elegant female intending to plague you, but as a rational creature speaking the truth from her heart.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work.
Latika Teotia|It is quite likely that while you are praying for God’s mercy and your wishes to be answered He too may be waiting to give you the desired wish. But, you have to at least start working towards it. You can’t just be sitting idle waiting for miracles. You have to work towards it and when the going gets tough, pray to Him to help you out. To seek God’s help you have to help yourself too.
Debasish Mridha|The act of giving, abundant life.
Erica Cameron, Sing Sweet Nightingale|I didn’t think you were real for a long time,” I confess. “I thought you were someone I’d dreamed up.”“A dream worth reliving every night for ten years?” he asks, chuckling and slowly loosening his hold.“For eternity,” I whisper, winding my arms around his neck to keep him close.“Good.” He leans down and brushes his lips against mine. “That is exactly how long I plan on keeping you.
Agu Jaachynma N.E.|Self-confidence doesn't worth much, God-confidence is it!
Mark Twain|Hark the herald angels sing  "Glory to the new-born king." Peace on earth  and mercy mild  God and sinners reconciled!
Christina Lauren, Dirty Rowdy Thing|How is that weird?” Dark the First asked incredulously. “Literally everyone does it. Literally.” “I really wish you’d stop saying literally,” Dark the Second said. “I literally don’t think you understand what that word means.
Cherise Sinclair, Breaking Free|She realised she was whimpering. Sir held her closer, his hard grip reassuring. This wasn't a dream; he really was here.
Portia de Rossi, Unbearable Lightness: A Story of Loss and Gain|I don't know where this pressure came from. I can't blame my parents because it has always felt internal. Like any other parent, my mother celebrated the A grades and the less-than-A grades she felt there was no need to tell anybody about. But not acknowledging the effort that ended in a less than perfect result impacted me as a child. If I didn't win, then we wouldn't tell anyone that I had even competed to save us the embarrassment of acknowledging that someone else was better. Keeping the secret made me think that losing was something to be ashamed of, and that unless I was sure I was going to be the champion there was no point in trying. And there was certainly no point to just having fun.
Autumn Doughton, This Sky|But it was too late. I was down the steps and out the door, where the warm night air almost felt like forgiveness.
Sloane Crosley|I got out on the street and started crying the kind of hysterical tears made justifiable only by turning off one’s cell phone, putting it to the ear, and pretending to be told of a death in the family.
Laura Kinsale, Flowers from the Storm|In my days and in my nights, they talk to me, your eyes!
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Poverty does not always prevent a rich person from dating someone who is poor, unless the man is the one who is poor.
Kimberley Alecia Smith|As a mother I see the future in the present. Every little thing she does or says makes me form a hypothesis of how she will see life and treat others in 20 years. So I plan for how amazing she will be now. Instead of living my life I have to live hers. Some may not understand how important it is to be a parent. How present, efficient, selfless, and imaginative you must be. But I do. I only pray that this little face is stronger than I am and more successful for this world and the next. I chase her butterflies. She was created from scratch and presented as a gift from God. She will never roam free, unattended and unloved.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The [Bible’s] message is concerned with earth dwellers, their origin, the reason for their existence, the cause of their misery, and the plan of redemption for a fallen race.
Jared Farmer, Trees in Paradise: A California History|Look at all that rubbish," she said, watching the electric van slowly whirr from bin to bin, little men in gloves removing it all."They're taking it away," I said. "Where to?" she said. "It just gets moved around dearie, that's all.
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|If you don’t know your tendencies and can’t analyze when you are most effective, then how can you get the most done in the least amount of time with the best results?
Shannon L. Alder|You will never let go of the past by ignoring the most painful thing the person you loved has done to you. When you begin to minimize it, second guess yourself and others, ignore it or even pretend it didn't happen you cheat yourself out of healing. Naturally, your mind would rather believe the lies you are telling it, rather than accept the truth. The soul has a way of protecting itself from trauma, but if left in denial there is no growth or change. Healing requires going to that place you avoid and asking yourself why you are so afraid to accept the reality of what happened to you? Why have you minimized it like this person has wanted you to? What is it about your self esteem that allows you to continue being a doormat?
Charles Robert Maturin, Melmoth the Wanderer|Let those who smile at me, ask themselves whether they have been indebted most to imagination or reality for all they have enjoyed in life, if indeed they have ever enjoyed any thing.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I know that things get worse before they get better because that's what my psychiatrist says, but this is a worse that feels too big.
Amit Kalantri, 5 Feet 5 Inch Run Machine – Sachin Tendulkar|When YOU Say YOU Love Me, I Don't Hear With My Ears Or Read YOUR Lips As I Already Know That By Looking In YOUR Eyes....
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|If I let her in I'm doomed. It's like inviting a vampire into your house. Once you've invite them in, that's it, you're good as dead!
Matt      Chandler, The Explicit Gospel|Be it sin or no, I hate the man!
Edward Bond|In known history, nobody has had such capacity for altering the universe than the people of the United States of America. And nobody has gone about it in such an aggressive way.
A.G. Howard, Ensnared|Everyone on this planet have missions, when they are done he die.
James Martineau|All too many Muslims fail to grasp Islam, which teaches one to be lenient towards others and to understand their value systems, knowing that these are tolerated by Islam as a religion.
Doris Mortman, The Wild Rose|Beethoven introduced us to anger. Haydn taught us capriciousness, Rachmaninoff melancholy. Wagner was demonic. Bach was pious. Schumann was mad, and because his genius was able to record his fight for sanity, we heard what isolation and the edge of lunacy sounded like. Liszt was lusty and vigorous and insisted that we confront his overwhelming sexuality as well as our own. Chopin was a poet, and without him we never would have understood what night was, what perfume was, what romance was.
Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Democracy in the Middle East|Before continuing further, it is important to gain an understanding of how democracy is perceived by the ordinary people of the Middle East. Democracy, as a secular entity, is unlikely t be favorably received by the vast majority of Middle Easterners who are devout followers of the Islamic faith. Traditionally, there is tension among the Muslim countries with respect to the establishment of a democratic form of government. On the one hand, there are those who believe that democratic rule can co-exist with the religious nature of the Middle Easter societies; however, on the other hand there are those who believe that the tribal structure of the Middle Eastern countries may not be suitable for democratic rule as too many factions will emerge. The result will be a "fractured" society that cannot effectively unite and there is also the risk that this could impact the cohesion produced by the Muslim faith. Although concerns exist, for the most part, the spirit of democracy, or self rule, is viewed as a positive endeavor so long as it builds up the country and sustains the religious base versus devaluing religion and creating instability. Creating this balance will be the challenge as most Western democracies have attempted to maintain a separation of church and state. What this suggests is that as democracy grows in the Middle East, it is not necessarily going to evolve upon a Western template—it will have its own shape or form coupled with stronger religious ties.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|You can't blame anyone else, ... , no one but yourself. You have to make your own choices and live every agonizing day with the consequences of those choices.
Margaret Sanger|Do you know what you call those who use towels and never wash them, eat meals and never do the dishes, sit in rooms they never clean, and are entertained till they drop? If you have just answered, 'A house guest,' you're wrong because I have just described my kids.
Paul Allen|Where there is peace, there is sports; where there is sports, there is peace. Peace is what allows us, especially young people, to dream, go after one's goals and prepare you for the next challenge in life.
Sunday Adelaja|If you continue to live in your past after coming to Jesus and accepting Him as Lord and Savior, then you are still a long way from moving forward
Catherynne M. Valente|We love WWII because the cause was so obviously just, because you can't be a good person and say you wouldn't fight against an evil like that. It was so black and white on our side, and on our side so few died. (Our side meaning the lantern-jawed John Wayne Greatest Generation constantly canonized soldiers who strode in late to the graveyard that was Europe. Compared to Jewish, Russian, Roma, and other casualties, our losses were minimal.) We felt so strong. In some ways I think we're always trying to recapture that feeling of being a country of superheroes. With every war we invoke that one, we hope it will be that good. -from her blog
Amory B. Lovins|Rivera’s admiration for Stalin was equaled only by his admiration for Henry Ford. By the 1920s and ‘30s, nearly every industrial country in Europe and Latin America, as well as the Soviet Union, had adopted Ford’s engineering and manufacturing methods: his highly efficient assembly line to increase production and reduce the cost of automobiles, so that the working class could at least afford to own a car; his total control over all the manufacturing and production processes by concentrating them all in one place, from the gathering of raw materials to orchestrating the final assembly; and his integration, training, and absolute control of the workforce. Kahn, the architect of Ford’s factories, subsequently constructed hundreds of factories on the model of the Rouge complex in Dearborn, Michigan, which was the epicenter of Ford’s industrial acumen as well as a world-wide symbol of future technology. Such achievements led Rivera to regard Detroit’s industry as the means of transforming the proletariat to take the reins of economic production.
Liane Moriarty, Big Little Lies|This time Elizabeth Ann didn't answer, because she herself didn't know what the matter was. But I do, and I'll tell you. The matter was that never before had she known what she was doing in school. She had always thought she was there to pass from one grade to another, and she was ever so startled to get a little glimpse of the fact that she was there to learn how to read and write and cipher and generally use her mind, so she could take care of herself when she came to be grown up. Of course, she didn't really know that till she did come to be grown up, but she had her first dim notion of it in that moment, and it made her feel the way you do when you're learning to skate and somebody pulls away the chair you've been leaning on and says, "Now, go it alone!
Virginia Alison|If a woman holds on to this gift of being old while she is young and young while she is old, she will always know what comes next If she has lost it, she can yet reclaim it with some purposeful psychic work.
|There is always a priceless feeling that comes with going to sleep at night knowing that you did your very best on the tasks that you set for the day. Fears, doubts, and procrastinations are the enemies of your true destiny.
Alber Elbaz|The 'good' mother, with her fixed smile, her rigidity, her goody-goody outlook, her obsession with unnecessary hygiene, is in fact a fool. It is the 'bad' mother, unafraid of a joke and a glass of wine, richly self-expressive, scornful of suburban values, who is, in reality, good.
Paul Muldoon|The major poets of New Jersey have all suffered, whether it's Whitman, who lost his job for 'Leaves of Grass,' or William Carlos Williams, who was called a communist, or Ginsberg, whose 'Howl' was prosecuted, or myself. If you practise poetry the way I think it needs to be done, you're going to put yourself in jeopardy.
David Levien|We took our food order to go, in greasy paper bags, and walked across Columbus Circle to Central Park. He helped me up the giant prehistoric-looking rock just off the playground.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Gaudy Night|Wherever you find a great man, you will find a great mother or a great wife standing behind him -- or so they used to say. It would be interesting to know how many great women have had great fathers and husbands behind them.
Piper Shelly, Play With Me|no matter - tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther. . . And then one fine morning—So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.
Christmas Humphreys|For the only slavery is desire, and he who learns to let go, to climb the wind-swept hills of self-becoming, naked of all possessions and desire, will drink the mountain air of freedom, and find the peace that lies not in the satisfaction but in the controlling of desire.
Debasish Mridha|I love, so I belong.
Patrick Ness, The New World|Everybody was hoping for something, talking about our new life to come and all that they hoped from it. Fresh air, whatever that’s supposed to mean. Real gravity, instead of the fake kind that broke every now and then (even though no one over fifteen would admit that it was actually really fun when it did). All the wide open spaces we’d have, all the new people we’d meet when we woke them up, ignoring completely what happened to the original settlers, super- confident that we were so much better equipped that nothing bad could possibly happen to us.All this hope, and here I was, right at the very edge of it, looking out into the darkness, the first to see it coming, the first to greet it when we found out what it really looked like.
Thomas C. Oden, Guilt Free|The Christ event did not in that sense CHANGE the will of God, but rather it more clearly expressed God's eternal will toward the whole of history.
James Lovegrove|...I don't believe in Him, and if He does exist, I don't like Him. His type of gods aren't gods who echo how mortals behave. They're gods who are held up as example of perfection to be emulated. They're not gods of the people. They're remote and inaccessible, they demand blind, unthinking obedience from their followers. They're dictators. We Aesir and Vanir, by contrast, are mirrors. Other gods rule. We reflect and magnify. We are you, only more so. We share your flaws and foibles. We are as humanlike as we are divine, and I think we are all the better for that.
Emily March, Luke - The Callahan Brothers|There comes a time in a girl’s life where she finds her heart broken, what matters is not the boy who broke it but the boy who stitches it back together
Carol Rifka Brunt, Tell the Wolves I'm Home|My feelings for you run very deep." - LoorNot deep enought, I guess." - Bobby (The Rivers of Zadaa)
Kevyn Aucoin|Walk on a rainbow trail; walk on a trail of song, and all about you will be beauty. There is a way out of every dark mist, over a rainbow trail.
Helena Christensen|As a small business owner for the last 15 years, when I think of what truly changed my life, it was my faith, a strong family, my mom did a really, really good job of encouraging me in very clear and discernible ways.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|...not to look back or feel sad about things, that home is wherever I am.
Mike Krzyzewski|The main reason for the failure of the modern medical science is that it is dealing with results and not causes. Nothing more than the patching up of those attacked and the burying of those who are slain, without a thought being given to the real strong hold.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|I knew," he murmurs. I can hear him over the music only because he says it right in my ear. "Right after we talked in the mall, I knew.""Knew what?""That you were going to be the first girl to break my heart."My breath catches. I force the smile now. "I haven't broken anything yet, right?""You will. Someday. But everybody breaks everything. For now we're fantastic. It's just, the better we get, the harder I realize the fall will be.
Thomas Pynchon, Gravity's Rainbow|They plot, they plot, sleeping or afoot they never let up.
John Coffey, The Green Mile|I'm tired of being on the road, lonely as a sparrow in the rain. Tired of not ever having me a buddy to be with, or tell me where we're coming from or going to, or why. Mostly I'm tired of people being ugly to each other.
|The goal is not to pray and wait around for a miracle to happen, but to pray and then worker harder than ever with faith.
Jettie Necole, The Vault|You think you’re prepared. You think you’ve done everything you’re supposed to, study hard, work hard, keep yourself out of trouble, and then—whoosh! Something arrives out of the blue that you never saw coming. Something you never even imagined. Something that’ll knock your little world off its axis. Something that’ll either change your life for the better, or end it forever. Chaos.
Kenneth Chenault|What's increasingly clear is that when you are open to a discussion of leadership, and you're relating it to your company, it is much easier to get people to become open.
Charles Dickens, Little Dorrit|It was the shadow of Some one who had gone by long before: of Some one who had gone on far away quite out of reach, never, never to come back. It was bright to look at; and when the tiny woman showed it to the Princess, she was proud of it with all her heart, as a great, great, treasure. When the Princess had considered it a little while, she said to the tiny woman, And you keep watch over this, every day? And she cast down her eyes, and whispered, Yes. Then the Princess said, Remind me why. To which the other replied, that no one so good and so kind had ever passed that way, and that was why in the beginning. She said, too, that nobody missed it, that nobody was the worse for it, that Some one had gone on to those who were expecting him-- 'Some one was a man then?' interposed Maggy. Little Dorrit timidly said yes, she believed so; and resumed:'-- Had gone on to those who were expecting him, and that this remembrance was stolen or kept back from nobody. The Princess made answer, Ah! But when the cottager died it would be discovered there. The tiny woman told her No; when that time came, it would sink quietly into her own grave, and would never be found.
Siddharta Mukherjee|When power is discovered, man always turns to it," Bateson wrote darkly. "The science of heredity will soon provide power on stupendous scale; and in some country, at some time not, perhaps, far distant, that power will be applied to control the composition of a nation. Whether the institution of such control will ultimately be good or bad for that nation, or humanity at large, is a separate question." He had preempted the century of the gene.
Alexis York Lumbard, The Conference of the Birds|He's the King of all the heavensAnd all found here below.To Him, your hearts are like this lakeReflecting in His glow.
Otto Schily|Globalization has changed us into a company that searches the world, not just to sell or to source, but to find intellectual capital - the world's best talents and greatest ideas.
Shannon Hale, Palace of Stone|Do you know the feeling you get when you are awakened in the middle of a dream? The dream story is still real and full of color, but the waking world is rushing back into your mind. And for a moment both worlds are true, and you cannot quite tell them apart.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 5: 1947-1955|Do not be discourage by people who reject your true purpose. Do not stop because of anxiety; stop because you are done with the mission! Don't ever be down by the susurrant call of the masses to stop, halt or abort your true purpose when you are convinced within your innermost man of how true your purpose is. A true purpose is mostly rejected, spat upon and seen as an unworthy cause by the masses until they come to a later realization of how true it is and then they accept, celebrate and enjoy it.
Robert Lane Greene, You Are What You Speak: Grammar Grouches, Language Laws, and the Politics of Identity|The fisherman of the Colombian coast must be learned doctors of ethics and morality, for they invented the word sentipensante, or ‘feeling-thinking’ to define language that speaks the truth. Eduardo Galeano
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|Women! They think it so romantic to break the rules. But what are we if we don't hold to tradition, am I right?" ~Darian
Ori Hofmekler, The Warrior Diet|Dr. Pottenger theorized that there are similarities between malformationsfound in animals and those found in humans. My points here are that:1. I firmly believe there is indeed a direct connection between diet, health,sexual performance, and fertility for both men and women.2. The lack of whole foods and live nutrients combined with the abundance of synthetic chemicals in the typical American diet makes it a deficient and toxic diet, which causes impotency, sterility, disorders, and cancer in men and women.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Conscious Parenting: Mindful Living Course for Parents|Be careful not to give your child the impression that you love her perfect, performing parts more than you do her mediocre, stumbling parts.
Aletheia Luna, Quiet Strength: Embracing, Empowering and Honoring Yourself as an Introvert|Authenticity is imperative, it brings forth respect,trust, love and confidence. This simply means you'll be respected, trusted, loved by many people and you'll be confident enough to take a first step towards your dreams. It also gives you independent thinking and understanding of things in general. Just be you, live original and you'll benefit great things from it.
Kenan Malik|Education is not a product but a relationship and a process; a relationship between student and lecturer, and process by which knowledge transforms the individual.
William Shakespeare, The Taming of the Shrew|Beatrice: I wonder that you will still be talking, Signior Benedick: nobody marks you.Benedick: What, my dear Lady Disdain! are you yet living?
Michio Kaku|I'm looking forward to coming back, back to Earth, the landing, the views.
Bonnie Somerville|Bioethics has hardened into an activist ideology that pervades the medical world, the schools, and government.
Haruki Murakami, Yesterday|When I look back at myself at age twenty, what I remember most is being alone and lonely. I had no girlfriend to warm my body or my soul, no friends I could open up to. No clue what I should do every day, no vision for the future. For the most part, I remained hidden away, deep within myself. Sometimes, I'd go a week without talking to anybody.
Lance Morrow, The Chief: A Memoir of Fathers and Sons|Not to forgive is to be imprisoned by the past, by old grievances that do not permit life to proceed with new business. Not to forgive is to yield oneself to another's control... to be locked into a sequence of act and response, of outrage and revenge, tit for tat, escalating always. The present is endlessly overwhelmed and devoured by the past. Forgiveness frees the forgiver. It extracts the forgiver from someone else's nightmare.
random movies|Pastor Smith did not have the religious constitution needed to provide salvation for any of us who’d had a hand in this tragic event. We had put on the armour of God, and there was no undoing what we had done. My faith, my belief in myself as a good citizen, everything I had thought was truth was scattered to the wind, and no one on this earth could put that to rights. Things weren’t as simple as living and dying. I understood that now.
Audrey Bell, Love Show|The rules of scientific investigation always require us, when we enter the domains of conjecture, to adopt that hypothesis by which the greatest number of known facts and phenomena may be reconciled.
Raheel Farooq|RIP, to those that are no longer here in Body, for they give our minds a lesson in eternity...
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|The Sufis say, "This is not a religion; it is religion
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|My sincerest gratitude to every ass hole, horrible boss, and worthless piece of shit I've ever met for giving me new and endless material to work with and a way to earn a living exposing you.
Deyth Banger|If California is a state of mind, Hollywood is where you take its temperature. There is a peculiar sense in which this city existing mainly on film and tape is our national capital, alas, and not just the capital of California. It's the place where our children learn how and what to dream and where everything happens just before, or just after, it happens to us.
Ray Bradbury|It comforted her, in the confused unhappy welter of her emotions, to see the mountains always tranquil, remote, in their lonely splendour; untouchable, serenely inviolate. It was an obscure comfort to her to know that man's hectic world wasn't the only one — that there were others, where agitation and passion and bewilderment had no place. When her love turned into a chaotic fever-dream, in which she was tossing, hallucinated, frightened and miserable, she had longed to escape to the cold, austere, changeless beauty and peace of the snow.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There is no conclusive scientific evidence that man is “up from the ape.” While the animals were created “after their kind,” we are told that “God created man in His own image” [Genesis 1:27 NKJV].
Steve Berry, The Charlemagne Pursuit|People like him, who buried their past so determinedly, should not help it from the grave so easily.
Michael Morpurgo, Alone on a Wide Wide Sea|Falling in love is easy, letting that love go, is hard. But your heart will always have the right answer. You just have to listen to it and figure out what it’s telling you
Euripides, Medea and Other Plays: Medea / Alcestis / The Children of Heracles / Hippolytus|Life, it has been agreed by everyone whose opinion is worth consulting, is the only fit subject for novelist or biographer; life, the same authorities have decided, has nothing whatever to do with sitting still in a chair and thinking. Thought and life are as the poles asunder. Therefore — since sitting in a chair and thinking is precisely what Orlando is doing now — there is nothing for it but to recite the calendar, tell one’s beads, blow one’s nose, stir the fire, look out of the window, until she has done…Surely, since she is a woman, and a beautiful woman, and a woman in the prime of life, she will soon give over this pretence of writing and thinking and begin at least to think of a gamekeeper (and as long as she thinks of a man, nobody objects to a woman thinking). And then she will write him a little note (and as long as she writes little notes nobody objects to a woman writing either) and make an assignation for Sunday dusk…She was kind to dogs, faithful to friends, generosity itself to a dozen starving poets, had a passion for poetry. But love — as the male novelists define it — and who, after all, speak with greater authority? — has nothing whatever to do with kindness, fidelity, generosity, or poetry. Love is slipping off one’s petticoat and — But we all know what love is…If then, the subject of one’s biography will neither love nor kill, but will only think and imagine, we may conclude that he or she is no better than a corpse and so leave her.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|Do not lose yourself in the past. Do not lose yourself in the future. Do not get caught in your anger, worries, or fears. Come back to the present moment, and touch life deeply. This is mindfulness.
Erica Cameron, Sing Sweet Nightingale|Be direct and sure of the path you tread, but not so sure that you pass the paths better suited to your feet, brother.
Nadlee Thims, Mr. Montgomery|With Mr. Montgomery, I set out to see what it would be like to write a novel in 30 days. It was hell! I'd do it again in a minute.
Dada Bhagwan|The law of nature is such that everyone gets happiness according to their needs. The ‘tender’ that everyone (of us) fills out, is indeed fulfilled.
Terence McKenna|My technique is don’t believe anything. If you believe in something, you are automatically precluded from believing its opposite.
Danielle Wood|I looked inward at my heart. And indeed, there too, the criss-cross corsetry was slackened and gaping. I was all undone. Potentially, I could spill. Or tangle. And so I began to tug at my own heartstrings, pulling them up tight until there was just the right amount of tension at each criss and each cross. Then I bent down to my boots and laced them firmly too, first the left, then the right, finishing off on each side with a surgeon's shoelace knot.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Invention of Wings|How could I choose someone who would force me to give up my own small reach for meaning? I chose myself, and without consolation.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Difficult times give an opportunity to understand, who is your good friend and who is just a friend.
Milton Friedman|To me, the flag represents the greatest ideals of the United States of America, not the worst, but different people look at different things and have different feelings about it. That's what freedom of expression is all about.
Hilari Bell|When a storm comes, bamboo bends. It doesn't break.
Syed Muhammad Naquib al-Attas, Comments on the Re-Examination of Al-Raniri's Hujjatu'l-Siddiq: A Refutation|I’ve often been criticised, but never critically wounded
Antoine Fuqua|Regardless of the obstacles or hurdles that are ahead of you, regardless of the opponent, regardless of the odds, your goal and objective always is to win. I think that's part of sports.
Charles Baudelaire|Do you remember the sight we saw, my soul,that soft summer morninground a turning in the path,the disgusting carcass on a bed scattered with stones,its legs in the air like a woman in needburning its wedding poisonslike a fountain with its rhythmic sobs,I could hear it clearly flowing with a long murmuring sound,but I touch my body in vain to find the wound.I am the vampire of my own heart,one of the great outcasts condemned to eternal laughterwho can no longer smile.Am I dead?I must be dead.
Eunice Baumann-Nelson Ph.D PENOBSCOT|If a child hasn't been given spiritual values within the family setting, they have no familiarity with the values that are necessary for the just and peaceful functioning in society.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|Many are the women who can take their clothes off seductively, but women who can charm as they dress?
Alain de Botton, The News: A User's Manual|Anna, like most English speakers, thought GASP was a silly name for the project. But the name got the point across. If there were modern wonders of the world, GASP - and Kali - stood as far above them as the Colossus of Rhodes had stood above man.
Mary DeTurris Poust, Cravings: A Catholic Wrestles with Food, Self-Image, and God|So often, even when we stop to say a blessing before a meal, we’re mentally preparing to spoon some pasta or potatoes onto our plates. We’re not usually focused on the present moment, simply placing ourselves before our food and entering into the still, slow space where eating is done for eating’s sake and not something we do simply to get to the next thing on our list.
Alan Lightman|It created a global platform that allowed more people to plug and play, collaborate and compete, share knowledge and share work, than anything we have ever seen in the history of the world.
Sara Sheridan, Truth Or Dare|We had laid down the law : no chocolate, no sex.
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|Yesterday, Amelia and Kit came over for supper, and we took a blanket down to the beach afterward to watch the moon rise. Kit loves to do that, but she always falls asleep before it is fully rise, and I carry her home to Amelia's house. She is certain she'll be able to stay awake all night as soon as she's five.
Mahershala Ali|A guy's biggest style mistake is definitely trying to look too cool. As long as you've got a good pair of jeans, a good pair of boots and a few good shirts, you're fine.
Melina Marchetta, Saving Francesca|I am going to love you now, slow and sweet, but when you come, I'm going to f*** you the way I need to. The way I've been dreaming about since the moment I saw you.
Hanifa Johnson|You have right to be angry, insult and slap. But later you have to forgive.
Aniruddha Sastikar|Keep extending hand for friendship. Those alive will grip yours with theirs, while the morally dead will inflate; rubbing their own palms.
C.J. Markusfeld, Vanguard|Eventually, my grandfather said: - You must understand, this is one of those moments.- What moments?- One of those moments you keep to yourself.…The story of this war… that belongs to everyone… But something like this— this is yours. It belongs only to you. And me. Only to us.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.
Elizabeth Morgan, Cranberry Blood|Italy is another Pack’s territory. You’re a guest; make sure that you are a polite one.” God, I hope he told Heather that.
Dorothy Parker, The Portable Dorothy Parker|Three be the things I shall never attain: Envy, content, and sufficient champagne.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Nico knew something about ghosts. Letting them get inside your head was dangerous. He wanted to help Reyna, but since his own strategy was to deal with his problems alone, spurning anyone who tried to get close, he couldn’t exactly criticize Reyna for doing the same thing.
Friedrich Nietzsche|It is an old maxim of mine that when you have excluded the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|It’s not about the powers, man; it’s that we aren’t kids anymore. Look what we’ve beenthrough. Look what we’ve done. Look at yourself, surfer dude. We’ve done something none of ourparents have even come close to. We didn’t take over their boring world; we took over a world about athousand times tougher. If we walk out of this alive, we won’t have to bow our heads to anyone.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|if anybody feels unworthy to enter heaven,well then at least let heaven enter his soul.
Bauvard, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you. You were being hung. I had a sword in one hand and a stool in the other. I couldn’t decide which one to use, so I stood on the stool and threw myself on the sword. It was the least I could do to protest capital punishment.
Michael Bay|You can get too bogged down in technology and you can sort of forget what it is you were trying to do. And with the Pet Shop Boys it's primarily about the songs, it's about song writing.
Ivan Alexander Pozo-Illas, The Wayfarer of the Soul|We are the authors, lovers, and dreamers of this Creation. What shall we create with our intentions?I hope as an entity soul that we as a collective overcome this strife we've brought down upon our heads. As anindividual entity within the macrocosm of God’s Spirit as the maker. Where it is stated, “This too shall pass and fade like the wind”. Only unconditional Love can spare us fromour self induced madness. That is the grace that God offers all life reborn onto itself. Be still and remember what it is to be Holy once more in the Love of God(dess). Amen.
Betsy Byars, The Moon and I|When I type a title page, I hold it and I look at it and I think, I just need four thousand sentences to go with this and I’ll have a book.
John Lewis|My primary passion is film-making. That's the aspect of my life that defines me, completes me, and completely grounds me. Everything else - from judging a reality TV show to hosting a talk show - is just a result of me being a film-maker. I am the happiest, satisfied and at peace when I am behind the camera.
John Brunner, The Sheep Look Up|The walls were chipped and needed paint. The windows were mostly okay but one pane was blocked with cardboard. There were fleas the exterminator couldn't kill and rats that scrabbled in the walls and mice who left droppings like a cocked snook and roaches that thrived on insecticide, even the illegal kinds.
Tony D'Souza, Whiteman|Oh, man, why is this the life? Why is it? Why is one rich and the other poor? Why is one black and the other white?
John F. Kennedy|Basketball is like war in that offensive weapons are developed first, and it always takes a while for the defense to catch up.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|Four times during the first six days they were assembled and briefed and then sent back. Once, they took off and were flying in formation when the control tower summoned them down. The more it rained, the worse they suffered. The worse they suffered, the more they prayed that it would continue raining. All through the night, men looked at the sky and were saddened by the stars. All through the day, they looked at the bomb line on the big, wobbling easel map of Italy that blew over in the wind and was dragged in under the awning of the intelligence tent every time the rain began. The bomb line was a scarlet band of narrow satin ribbon that delineated the forward most position of the Allied ground forces in every sector of the Italian mainland.For hours they stared relentlessly at the scarlet ribbon on the map and hated it because it would not move up high enough to encompass the city.When night fell, they congregated in the darkness with flashlights, continuing their macabre vigil at the bomb line in brooding entreaty as though hoping to move the ribbon up by the collective weight of their sullen prayers. "I really can't believe it," Clevinger exclaimed to Yossarian in a voice rising and falling in protest and wonder. "It's a complete reversion to primitive superstition. They're confusing cause and effect. It makes as much sense as knocking on wood or crossing your fingers. They really believe that we wouldn't have to fly that mission tomorrow if someone would only tiptoe up to the map in the middle of the night and move the bomb line over Bologna. Can you imagine? You and I must be the only rational ones left."In the middle of the night Yossarian knocked on wood, crossed his fingers, and tiptoed out of his tent to move the bomb line up over Bologna.
Rudolf Steiner|My mother had been an English teacher in India before she came to the U.K., and she taught me to read early on - not only in English, but in Hindi, too. My teachers didn't like the fact that I was reading more quickly than they were teaching, and as a consequence, I would sometimes get bored in class.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Contrast is not ‘bad’ since the contrast we experience still causes us to learn and grow. Expansion never ceases, and that is a beautiful thing. Contrast allows us to see what is not in alignment with our Authentic Selves, and then presents us with opportunity after opportunity to respond from a place of compassion, forgiveness, acceptance, love, joy, gratitude, etc. Thus, when we break the karmic loop we swing back into alignment with Spirit.
Sunday Adelaja|Oh! my friend, never seek to corrupt the person whom you love, it can go further than you think...
Michael R. French, Once Upon a Lie|I believe in romance... in playfulness... in passion... in expressing feelings... in friendship... in all the ways love heals, nourishes, and transforms "you" and "me" into an "us".
Jeremy Taylor|Unless and until Barack Obama addresses the full depth of Americans' anger with his full arsenal of policy smarts and political gifts, his presidency and, worse, our economy will be paralyzed.
Lloyd Alexander, The Book of Three|In the heat of battle it ceases to be an idea or a flag for which we fight. Rather we fight for the man on our right or left. When the years fall away, all that remains are the memories of those precious moments we spent side by side.
Joan D. Chittister, Wisdom Distilled from the Daily: Living the Rule of St. Benedict Today|Silence is a frightening thing. Silences leaves us at the mercy of the noise within us. We hear the fears that need to be faced. We hear, then, the angers that need to be cooled. We hear the emptiness that needs to be filled. We hear the cries for humility and reconciliation and centeredness. We hear ambition and arrogance and attitudes of uncaring awash in the shallows of the soul. Silence demands answers. Silence invites us to depth. Silence heals what hoarding and running will not touch.
N'Zuri Za Austin|In a negotiation, we must find a solution that pleases everyone, because no one accepts that they MUST lose and that the other MUST win… Both MUST win!
Amos Tversky, Judgment Under Uncertainty: Heuristics and Biases|If a coin comes down heads, that means that the possibility of its coming down tails has collapsed. Until that moment the two possibilities were equal. But on another world, it does come down tails. And when that happens, the two worlds split apart.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|Compassion is all inclusive. Compassion knows no boundaries. Compassion comes with awareness, and awareness breaks all narrow territories.
Bret Easton Ellis, Less Than Zero|I come to a red light, tempted to go through it, then stop once I see a billboard sign that I don’t remember seeing and I look up at it. All it says is 'Disappear Here' and even though it’s probably an ad for some resort, it still freaks me out a little and I step on the gas really hard and the car screeches as I leave the light.
Philip Dray, At the Hands of Persons Unknown: The Lynching of Black America|Is it possible for white America to really understand blacks’ distrust of the legal system, their fears of racial profiling and the police, without understanding how cheap a black life was for so long a time in our nation’s history?
John Taliaferro, All the Great Prizes : The Life of John Hay, from Lincoln to Roosevelt|The world’s deadliest mercenaries choose to serve you, the whispers say, because they have yet to meet me.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|The Gray Man hated his current rental car. He got the distinct impression it hadn't been handled enough by humans when it was young, and now it would never be pleasant to be around.
Aldous Huxley, Ends and Means|Everything is an appreciation, even an insult provided you look at it with that angle.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|Frequently, people confront us who seemed to be egging the world into calling them on their miserable actions so they can have the pleasure of angry vengeance or an excuse to attract attention. Our compassion cannot be giving them what they think they want, since it is unreasonable to want to be hateful.
Lori Copeland, Unwrapping Christmas|I may plan to make Christ the center of Christmas, but when I wait until December to focus on celebrating His birthday, I become entangled in Christmas lights, holiday baking, and festive engagements, often wondering if I've experienced the illusive "true meaning" of Christmas.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|I wish I could help you" I whisper.You are," he murmurs against my knee. "just dont leave me, okay? Everyone leaves me.
Sunday Adelaja|In my opinion, Nigeria matters! The body of Christ matters
Chrétien de Troyes|There is no particular merit in being nice to one's fellow man... We can never establish with certainty what part of our relations with others is a result of our emotions - love apathy, charity of malice - and what part is predetermines by the constant power play among individuals. True human goodness, in all its purity and freedom, can come to the fore only when its recipient has no power. Mankind's true moral test, its fundamental test (which lies deeply buries from view), consists of attitude towards those who are at its mercy: animals. And in this respect mankind has suffered a fundamental débâcle, a débâcle so fundamental all others stem from it.
George Matteson|Tears have the value of gold on the scales of the human heart' and the weights do not ask whether it is found or stolen gold, or whether you had to sweat in the digging.
Marie Lu, Legend|Someone asked me yesterday if Dracula met Saruman and there was a fight, who would win. I just looked at this man. What an idiotic thing to say. I mean, really, it was half-witted." -- Christopher Lee
Candess M. Campbell|We want progress in medicine to be clear and unequivocal, but of course it rarely is. Every new treatment has gaping unknowns - for both patients and society - and it can be hard to decide what do do about them.
Patrick Nowell-Smith|If you write in the Old World, and against it, your work must die, go missing, be veiled, before it can live the life for which it was destined in the New World.
Ben Tolosa, Masterplan Your Success|Late to bed, late to rise, command like hell and monetize.
J.K. Rowling|Wisdom of the Ages: "Ferguson Riots" They were ready to tear America to shreds over their grief-right until the TV cameras left to cover the football games.
Louisa May Alcott|Listening to the debates about public schools on the Christian Right, one hears plenty of opposing opinions and a great deal of confusion. Some want to change the schools, others want to leave them. But the smart money seems to know what it is doing. It provides support for programs like the Good News Club, which slowly erode the support for public education in the country at large and in their own constituency in particular. And then it lays the groundwork for dismantling public education in favor of a private system of religious education funded by the state.
Richard P. Denney|Books have a way of finding their way into our lives, usually, right when we need them the most.
Michael Ventura, The Zoo Where You're Fed to God|Good is not the opposite of evil, joy is the opposite of evil.
Dave Matthes, Wanderlust and the Whiskey Bottle Parallel: Poems and Stories|There's folly in her stridethat's the rumorjustified by liesI've seen her up closebeneath the sheetsand sometime during the summershe was mine for a few sweet months in the falland parts of December((( To get to the heart of this unsolvable equation, one must first become familiar with the physical, emotional, and immaterial makeup as to what constitutes both war and peace. )))I found her looking through a windowthe same window I'd been looking throughShe smiled and her eyes never falteredthis folly was a crime((( The very essence of war is destructive, though throughout the years utilized as a means of creating peace, such an equation might seem paradoxical to the untrained eye. Some might say using evil to defeat evil is counterproductive, and gives more meaning to the word “futile”. Others, like Edmund Burke, would argue that “the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men and women to do nothing.” )))She had an identity I could identify withsomething my fingertips could caress in the night((( There is such a limitless landscape within the mind, no two minds are alike. And this is why as a race we will forever be at war with each other.What constitutes peace is in the mind of the beholder. )))Have you heard the argument?This displacement of men and womenand women and menthe minds we all havethe beliefs we all shareSlipping inside of usthoughts and religions and bodiesall bare((( “Without darkness, there can be no light,”he once said. To demonstrate this theory, during one of his seminars he held a piece of white chalk and drew a line down the center of a blackboard. Explaining that without the blackness of the board, the white line would be invisible. )))When she leftshe kissed with eyes openI knew this because I'd done the sameSometimes we saw eye to eye like thatVery briefly,she considered an apotheosisa synthesisa rendering of her follyinto solidarity((( To believe that a world-wide lay down of arms is possible, however, is the delusion of the pacifist; the dream of the optimist; and the joke of the realist. Diplomacy only goes so far, and in spite of our efforts to fight with words- there are times when drawing swords of a very different nature are surely called for. )))Experiencing the subsequent sunriseinhaling and drinkingbreaking mirrors and regurgitatingjust to start againall in allI was just another gash in the bark((( Plato once said:“Only the dead have seen the end of war.” Perhaps the death of us all is called for in this time of emotional desperation. War is a product of the mind; only with the death of such will come the end of the bloodshed. Though this may be a fairly realistic view of such an issue, perhaps there is an optimistic outlook on the horizon. Not every sword is double edged, but every coin is double sided. )))Leaving town and throwing shit out the windowdrinking boroughs and borrowing spare changeI glimpsed the rear view mirrorstole a glimpse reallyI've believed in looking back for a whileit helps to have one last viewa reminder in case one ever decides to rebelin the event the self regressesand makes the declaration of devastationonce more((( Thus, if we wish to eliminate the threat of war today- complete human annihilation may be called for. )))
David Kinnaman, unChristian: What a New Generation Really Thinks about Christianity... and Why It Matters|We are the nation of human progress, and who will, what can, set limits to our onward march?
Jettie Necole, The Vault|If only he’d taken one look at her and seen that they were soul mates, swept her off her feet and taken her to Las Vegas to be married in the same little chapel where Britney Spears had been. She laughed to herself. It would probably have lasted just as long, once her mother found out.
Sara Gruen, Water for Elephants|You do right by me, I'll show you a life most suckers can't even dream of.
Deirdre Riordan Hall, In the Desert|Her pulse raced, pounding in her ears above the howling wind. A wave of dizziness crashed over her with the rapid flood of adrenaline. She gasped in a breath. “Don’t let go.
Rena Sofer|I eat an egg every morning, and when I'm done, I almost always have the thought: 'There. Now even if I'm captured and starved, I'll be able to live off the protein of that egg for a while.'
Ridhdhesh Jivawala|If you're taking something from people around you, take "Inspiration", not their "Character" that you've already got your own. Always be yourself.
Louise Murphy, The True Story of Hansel and Gretel|I write about love all the time, what a tragedy those stories turn into.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|If the food that one ate the night before were somehow able to be seen and identified through one’s clothes throughout the day, millions of employees would each fast ten or so days before their payday.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To help yourself, help others; to help others, help yourself.
Helge Kjellin, Great Swedish Fairy Tales|Have you ever been in a large forest and seen a strange black tarn hidden deep among the leaves? It looks bewitched and a little frightening. All is still — fir trees and pines huddle close and silent on all sides. Sometimes the trees bend cautiously and shyly over the water as if they are wondering what may be hidden in the dark depths. There is another forest growing in the water, and it, too, is full of wonder and stillness. Strangest of all, never have the two forests been able to speak to each other.By the edge of the pool and out in the water are soft tussocks covered with brown bear moss and wooly white cottongrass. All is so quiet — not a sound, not a flutter of life, not a trembling breath — all of nature seems to be holding its breath listening, listening with beating heart: soon, soon.
Ella Frank, Take|Can you sharpen this for me, please?”Logan leaned across the table and took the pencil from him. “You want me to play with your pencil, Tate?”“Hilarious. The sharpener is right by you. You just have to pick it up and slide it in.”As soon as the words left his mouth and Logan’s quirked into an arrogant line, Tate bit his tongue.“Really? Did you really just say that to me?”Feeling more comfortable than ever with Logan and this group, Tate shrugged and nodded. Time to give it to Logan as good as he gives.“Yeah. Is there a problem? You just line it up...and slide it in.”“You know, Tate—”“Don't do it.” Tate cut him off as he moved his foot, the one he’d had sitting between Logan’s feet all night, so his shin bumped Logan’s calf.“Do what?”“Say something dirty. I know you're dying to, but just sharpen the pencil.”Logan picked up the sharpener and made a big show of inserting the tip in the hole.“Jesus,” Shelly muttered from beside Logan. “I thought Rachel and Cole were bad.
Patty Smith|A lot of (children's literature) beginners get bogged down by morals. A moral should never be driving the story. And a moral should never be confused with a plot. You can't preach to kids, and you can't talk down to them, either. It's amazing how they sense condescension.
Gina Greenlee, Belly Up: Surviving and Thriving Beyond a Cruise Gone Bad|Putting the dream in motion involved significant personal downsizing, moving three times to trim housing expenses and continuing to freelance. I sold one piece to The New York Times Magazine, many more to The Courant, and another to The St. Petersburg Times.
Iain M. Banks, Use of Weapons|I allowed myself the supernatural, the transcendent, because, I told myself, our love of metaphor is pre-religious, born of our need to express what is inexpressible, our dreams of otherness, of more.
Susan Ee, World After|In ancient times, people weren't just male or female, but one of three types: male/male, male/female, female/female. In other words, each person was made out of the components of two people. Everyone was happy with this arrangement and never really gave it much a thought. But then God took a knife and cut everybody in half, right down the middle. So after that the world was divided just into male and female, the upshot being that people spend their time running around trying to locate their missing other half.
Sivaprakash Sidhu|Ultimate Truth- "You are not born with success, but you've born to success
Umberto Eco, Postscript to the Name of the Rose|Entering a novel is like going on a climb in the mountains: you have to learn the rhythm of respiration, acquire the pace; otherwise you stop right away.
Penn Jillette, God, No! Signs You May Already Be an Atheist and Other Magical Tales|I'm a Skeptic. And I'm a Journalist. I look up things in the library—a lot! I believe in the motto of Missouri, the 'Show-me, don't just blow me' state. I need evidence. I need demonstrations. I need show-and-tell. Even though I pray to God every once in a while, especially when I'm in trouble—which for most guys my age is every 28 days—I still think deeply about the issues and don't automatically jump to a religious or mystical answer to questions. I am, by nature, doubtful about the existence of God, and even whether He is a He or a Her. I don't believe in New Age stuff. For me, 'Past Life Regression' means not calling a girl after she gives me her phone number. Sure I own a lucky rabbit's foot, a lucky penny, a lucky 4-leaf clover and a lucky horeshoe [sic], and a pair of lucky underwear and several pairs of lucky socks that I only wash every seven days. But under it all I am a died–in-the-wool skeptic.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|Everyone loves each other, but no one really likes each other
Mark W. Boyer|Actions without a dream serve you no purpose, Dreams without action merely pass the time, however, a Dream set into motion….the future has no boundaries.
Dana Reinhardt, How to Build a House|She was around ten minutes late, as a matter of fact. I didn't give a damn, though. All that crap they have in cartoons in the Saturday Evening Post and all, showing guys on street corners looking sore as hell because their dates are late - that's bunk. If a girl looks swell when she meets you, who gives a damn if she's late? Nobody.
Mark Ruffalo|We try to create a situation where we're the casino. It's like how an actuary would set insurance rates. Predictability, predictability, predictability. What's the path to least risk? What's the greater chance of getting some return on this asset?
Kresley Cole, Wicked Abyss|Wicked Abyss, page 279, Lila, Princess Calliope of Sylvan to Abyssian "Sian" Infernas, King of Pandemonia"There's a face to the violence you love so much, a cost that the Morior never have to pay. Why wouldn't you love war? You never feel the toll like the rest of us.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|We all want to become more than we are, we want to live forever, that is why we hate death and create the afterlife.
Shilpa Shetty|We emerged out of nature, and when we die, we return to nature. We need to know there are forces impinging on us that we will never understand or control. We need to have sacred places where we go with respect, not just looking for resources or opportunity.
Lorii Myers, Make It Happen, A Healthy, Competitive Approach to Achieving Personal Success|It's sometimes easier to help others rather than helping yourself. The trick is to listen to your "self" as a friend. This may be the simplest change you ever make in life, with the biggest impact.
Michael Smith, The Present|Our era has produced many great men--- robber barons, masters of innovation, beast of business---whose staggering wealth, incomparable ruthlessness and personal legends would seem to prove they are dominant species but then one has a look at their son, and doubts the theory of evolution entirely. -DR. Bertrand Legmam Cooper, Problems of Science and Society, Posted by One Who Has Known Both, 1900
John Piper|The great moral powers of the soul are faith, hope, and love.
Elizabeth Drew|Too often travel, instead of broadening the mind, merely lengthens the conversation. 
Mehmet Murat ildan|Without mathematics, your world becomes foggy! For a clear vision, you need to be educated in the Temple of Mathematics!
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|When I was little, I had this science book. There was a section on 'What would happen to the world if there was no friction?' Answer: 'Everything on earth would fly into space from the centrifugal force of revolution.' That was my mood.
Thrity Umrigar, The Space Between Us|It was strange how she found out, One moment she didn't know; the next minute she did. One moment her mind was as blank as the desert; the next minute the snake of suspicion had slithered into her thoughts and raised its poisonous head.
Daniela I. Norris, On Dragonfly Wings: A Skeptic's Journey to Mediumship|For death is the only certain thing in life,and despite this cliché being an absolute truth, with only the timing varying from one person to another, we never seem to be prepared for it. It is regarded as an end, as final and as negative, not as the metamorphosis it might be– the release of a spirit from physical to energy form, not unlike a caterpillar turning into a butterfly and experiencing new found freedom from the limitation of eternal crawling in search of sustenance.
Lawrence Kudlow|We try and reflect that there's a lot of optimism, there's a lot of positive things that are happening in 'Silicon Valley'.
Thomas L. Friedman, The World Is Flat: A Brief History of the Twenty-first Century|It is so easy to demonize free-market and the freedom to outsource and offshore because it is so much easier to see people being laid off in big bunches, which makes headlines, than to see them being hired in fives and tens by small and medium-sized companies, which rarely makes news.
Nicola Sinclair, Promise|Don't you wanna be a great baseball player?” He sighed back into the wall. “I want to be a great man, Fielding.” And so we stand, proved of our existence by those who see us. And how did I see Grand, how did any of us, but as the one who would be great at this and that, as long as it was baseball and girls. He always had to be what we wanted him to be first. He existed only by proxy to our dreams of him.
Dean Koontz, Fear Nothing|I stopped in St. Bernadette's Cemetery one of my favorite places... The trunks of six giant oaks rise like columns supporting a ceiling formed by their interlocking crowns. In the quiet space below, is laid out an aisle similar to those in any library. The gravestones are like rows of books bearing the names of those whose names have been blotted from the pages of life; who have been forgotten elsewhere but are remembered here.
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|We all have our sorrows, and although the exact delinaments, weight and dimensions of grief are different for everyone, the color of grief is common to us all. I know, he said, because he was human, and therefore, in a way, he did.
Brian Eshleman|What do we advertise about You by how we serve? Do we reflect the belief shown in Jesus’ parable that You are a hard master taking what isn’t Yours? Forgive us for even brief lapses into such churlishness. Or, do we reflect a joy in serving that radiates from an intimate and time-tested knowledge of the goodness of the One we serve? Paul and Daniel were confident of this sovereign goodness even when they were prisoners rather than courtiers, and we can likewise tap into a joy that defies circumstances. When this happens, the oft-disappointed world will notice and investigate.11/02/2010 blog
H.P. Lovecraft, Supernatural Horror in Literature|A certain atmosphere of breathless and unexplainable dread of outer, unknown forces must be present; and there must be a hint, expressed with a seriousness and portentousness becoming its subject, of that most terrible conception of the human brain - a malign and particular suspension or defeat of those laws of Nature which are our only safeguard against the assaults of chaos and the daemons of unplumbed space .... Therefore we must judge a weird tale not by the author's intent, or by the mere mechanics of the plot; but by the emotional level which it attains at its least mundane point... The one test of the really weird is simply this - whether or not there be excited in the reader a profound sense of dread, and of contact with unknown spheres and powers; a subtle attitude of awed listening, as if for the beating of black wings or the scratching of outside shapes and entities on the known universe's utmost rim.
Galt Niederhoffer, The Romantics|Physical attraction did its part to glue them together, but something stronger than sexual attraction sealed the bond. When men and women grow apart, it is for the same reason they are drawn together; because they are finally, inherently too different. Friendships among women, on the other hand, were burdened by similarity.
Tom Hiddleston|Intelligence arouses fear and respect, the lack of it keeps one on the narrow minded road of disrespect, stupidity and inferiority complex.
Jazz Feylynn|I think that the great trick in life, wherever you are in the journey, is to do what you love and let the universe support it. When we do what we love, every day is a holiday.
Ann Packer|It is coincidence, I decide, and I am getting old and batty, thinking the universe revolves around me.
William McDavid, Law & Gospel: A Theology for Sinners|Justice, of course, was an elusive thing, very subjective in some ways, too often more of a concept than a reality, but without the pursuit of that ideal, where would humanity be?
Gustave Flaubert|Have you really not noticed, then, that here of all places, in this private, personal solitude that surrounds me, I have turned to you? All the memories of my youth speak to me as I walk, just as the sea shells crunch under my feet on the beach. The crash of every wave awakens far-distant reverberations within me... I hear the rumble of bygone days, and in my mind the whole endless series of old passions surges forward like the billows. I remember my spasms, my sorrows, gusts of desire that whistled like wind in the rigging, and vast vague longings that swirled in the dark like a flock of wild gulls in a stormcloud... On whom should I lean, if not on you? My weary mind turns for refreshment to the thought of you as a dusty traveler might sink onto a soft and grassy bank...
Kimberly Giles, Choosing Clarity: The Path to Fearlessness|You are an irreplaceable, one-of-a-kind, amazing being. There will never be another you and this fact alone makes you infinitely and absolutely valuable. Having absolute value means you cannot be diminished by anything or anyone. You are bulletproof and nothing can change your value.
Gigi Hadid|Being cool is being your own self, not doing something that someone else is telling you to do.
Sunday Adelaja|But if you can't take me at my worstYou don't deserve me at my best"~ Machine Gun Kelly ft. Hallie Steinfield: "At My Best
Ashley Wilcox, Waiting on Forever|You may want to reconsider. Cheese sticks will take residency on your ass," I respond with a sarcastic smile, tilting my head to the side. "You would know," she snorts. "Actually, I wouldn't. I don't eat this shit since I see the tons of grease that it fries in every day. But be my guest, I'm sure you wouldn't mind adding to the cottage cheese factory on your thighs.
Richelle Mead, Succubus Blues|Just friends, just friends. Standing there in the bookstore, watching Seth walk away, I half wondered how anyone could still use that line. But I knew why, of course. It was used because people still believed it. Or at least they wanted to.
Cindy Crawford|I don't want to let my life as a woman pass me by. There's a time to work, there's a time to be young and crazy, and there should be a time to enjoy motherhood. I'm actually looking forward to that.
Liane Moriarty, Truly Madly Guilty|this feeling is bigger than my resistance bigger than my chest size ,this feeling need to go out and this is pressure on my heart make it beats faster as my heart say to this feeling" i am as strong as you , feel more and i will beats faster and dont worry about the brain i am able to control it and i will make him help you
|As long as you are alive and in good health, everything else will come with time through hard work.
Dale Earnhardt|Relax? How can anybody relax and play golf? You have to grip the club, don't you?
Maria V. Snyder, Poison Study|It's a dirty way to fight, but I'm late for lunch."- Valek to Yelena
Phillip C. McGraw|These are our neighbours, our co-workers, friends' children... the problem is closer than you think, but so is the solution.
Lao Tzu, The Chinese Translations|A man who knows how little he knows is well, a man who knows how much he knows is sick. If, when you see the symptoms, you can tell, Your cure is quick.A sound man knows that sickness makes him sick and before he catches it his cure is quick.
Holly Bodger|Mother are wife are saints, If they are not together
V.E. Schwab, A Darker Shade of Magic|Kell stared at her, at a loss. Was her bravado a front, or did she truly have so little to lose? But she had a life, and a life was a thing that could always be lost.
Reiko Chiba, Hiroshige's Tokaido in Prints and Poetry|Invite TranquilityThe sea,--Something to look atWhen we are angry.
Patrick Cockburn|HIGGINS [aggrieved] Do you mean that my language is improper?MRS HIGGINS. No, dearest: it would be quite proper - say on a canal barge...
Christopher Dines, Mindfulness Burnout Prevention: An 8-Week Course for Professionals|When you can begin to see the similarities between you and your work colleagues in respect of ‘being human’ and the collective challenges we all face, it makes life much easier to deal with, especially when met with overbearing behaviour.
Mario Andretti|If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Miracles happens everyday. You have to open your heart, mind and soul to see these miraculous encounters.
Orrin Woodward|I mean that if you are not absolutely sure of a thing, it is so difficult to commit yourself to a definite course of action.
Charles de Lint|Music’s the soundtrack of my life and has been since I was a teenager. There’s always music. If I’m not playing it, I’m listening to it. With my writing…sometimes it inspires a story, sometimes it highlights something I’m working on, sometimes it simply helps me stay in the narrative mood.
Natalie Ansard, The Lover from Fifth Avenue|He was just beautiful. She'd never known a man could be beautiful, but he definitely was.
Banani Ray, Flow Yoga The Mindful Path of Action for Transforming Stress into Happiness|The Love factor makes anything hallowed, and an action is no exception. Doing things with love makes the work sacred.
