Nicholas Sparks|All of sudden, this shooting star went by, and all I could think was that they were listening to us somehow. 
Peter M. Senge|Through learning we re-create ourselves. Through learning we become able to do something we never were able to do. Through learning we reperceive the world and our relationship to it. Through learning we extend our capacity to create, to be part of the generative process of life
Thomas Mann, The Magic Mountain|Travelers prove their lack of education if they make fun of the customs and values of their hosts, and the qualities that do a person honour are many and varied.
Ishmael Beah|Beauty is merciless. You do not look at it, it looks at you and does not forgive.
Lian Hearn, The Harsh Cry of the Heron: The Last Tale of the Otori|...What does the blessing of heaven mean? We know the kirin is just an animal, not a mythical creature."It has become a symbol now.... That is the way human beings deal with the world.
Donna Russo Morin, To Serve a King|Believe me, You will surely see the light. even if you are in a darkest room though, It will go in through small holes in your room.
Christian Dior|If a building becomes architecture, then it is art.
Tao Lin, Taipei|The eyes were larger and gray and in a certain light looked soft, gentle, and even innocent. Then the light would change, the innocence would vanish, and the eyes looked like year-old ice.
Paul Fleischman|Diseases happen in acidic environments, so it's very important to keep your body alkaline. Keeping a diet high in leafy greens, spring water, fresh air, raw almonds, lemons, grapefruits, and warm water with juice from half a lemon helps lower acidity levels.
Harlan Coben|Fatherhood is the best thing that could happen to me, and I'm just glad I can share my voice.
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|She had not had the relief of amnesia. She had suffered longer, and she had suffered more. Each second was agony in the first weeks. She was like an amputee in the days before anesthesia, half crazed with pain, astounded that the human body could feel so much and not die of it. But slowly, cell by painful cell, she began to mend. There came a time when it was no longer her whole body that burned with pain but only her heart. And then there came a time when even her heart was able, for a time at least, to feel other emotions besides grief.
Mike   Jackson, Door Knob to Broken Leg|The irreducible, ultimate element in religious faith is the insistence that we are created things; male and female He created them; without God we are nothing. And yet, when men and women have children and become parents, they unmistakably become creators, incompetent, accidental and partial creators, no doubt, but creators none the less. It is their inescapable duty, and, with luck, their occasional delight to care and watch over their creations; even if this creative power is partly illusory because chromosomes and chance decide the whole business, parents cannot act as if it is illusory; they cannot sincerely believe in their ultimate helplessness. They must behave like shepherds, however clumsy, and not like sheep, however well trained.The Sermon on the Mount is a wonderful, intoxicating sermon. But it is a sermon for bachelors.
Marion Chesney, The Ghost and Lady Alice|He was a small, chubby little man with a perpetual air of sadness about him, making him look like a baby that has dropped its rattle.
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals|Dont let people apply their poor standards on you, never ever let anybody do it. Just because they cant do or get certain things in life and they want to apply the same to you, you need to rebuke that. Their standard is their standard and yours is beyond their imagination.. Period
Samuel Rutherford, Christ Dying and Drawing Sinners to Himself, Or, a Survey of Our Saviour in His Soule-Suffering, His Lovelynesse in His Death, and the Efficacie There|We would either have a silent, a soft, a perfumed cross, sugared and honeyed with the consolations of Christ, or we faint; and providence must either brew a cup of gall and wormwood, mastered in the mixing with joy and songs, else we cannot be disciples. But Christ’s cross did not smile on him, his cross was a cross, and his ship sailed in blood, and his blessed soul was sea-sick, and heavy even to death.
Roger Litwiller, White Ensign Flying: Corvette HMCS Trentonian|When the big German guns at Calais fired on us, we realized, we had been strafed by Spitfires from the RAF during working up exercises for the invasion, accidentally attacked by the USN off Normandy after D-Day and shelled by the British Army in the English Channel. It was about time the enemy took a few shots at us too!"Jack Harold, RCNVR, SignalmanHMCS TRENTONIANChapter 9, White Ensign Flying -The Story of HMCS TRENTONIAN.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|He's a hedonist at heart. All those fasts and vigils and stakes and crosses are only a façade. Or only like foam on the seashore. Out at sea, out in His sea, there is pleasure, and more pleasure. He makes no secret of it... He has a bourgeois mind. He has filled His world full of pleasures.
Michael J. Fox|When prescribing one of the drugs I take, my doctor warned me of a common side effect: exaggerated, intensely vivid dreams. To be honest, I've never really noticed the difference. I've always dreamt big.
Sunday Adelaja|It is important to remember that we are attacked not because we are bad, but because the devil doesn’t like God blessing us
Rachel Caine, The Dead Girls' Dance|Sometimes, when someone lives in danger for too long, the only time they feel alive is when death's breathing on their shoulder.
Diana Abu-Jaber, The Language of Baklava: A Memoir|Who am I?" she snaps. "I am America, Israel, England! What am I doing?" She waits another long moment, her eyes shining. "I'm shutting up and listening." She draws the last word out so it hisses through the air. "I am the presidents, the kings, the prime ministers, the highs and the mighties—L-I-S-T-E-N!" She spells the word in the air. "The woman who made the baklava has something to say to you! Voilà! You see? Now what am I doing?" She picks up an imaginary plate, lifts something from it, and takes an invisible bite. Then she closes her eyes and says, "Mmm... That is such delicious Arabic-Jordanian-Lebanese-Palestinian baklawa. Thank you so much for sharing it with us! Please will you come to our home now and have some of our food?" She puts down the plate and brushes imaginary crumbs from her fingers. "So now what did I just do? "You ate some baklawa?" She curls her hand as if making a point so essential, it can be held only in the tips of the fingers. "I looked, I tasted, I spoke kindly and truthfully. I invited. You know what else? I keep doing it. I don't stop if it doesn't work on the first or the second or the third try. And like that!" She snaps the apron from the chair into the air, leaving a poof of flour like a wish. "There is your peace.
Kathleen Prasad, Reiki for Dogs: Using Spiritual Energy to Heal and Vitalize Man's Best Friend|When we learn to relax and simply be present for the animal without judgment, we will find it much easier to connect with animals, and in turn, we will begin to see better responses from them.
Lord Byron|I sent my Soul through the Invisible  Some letter of that After-life to spell  And by and by my Soul returned to me  And answered "I Myself am Heav'n and Hell."
Wendell Berry, The Gift of Good Land: Further Essays Cultural and Agricultural|Whatever good, true, or perfect things we can say about humanity or creation, we can say of God exponentially. God is the beauty of creation and humanity multiplied to the infinite power.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|In any case where someone is hurt within himself because of a mere jealousy over your success expedition, that is none of your business.You don’t bring yourself low in order to please those who envy you.
Mary Roach|In truth, I'm not really a cat person. Seamus, the wonder dog, still deeply mourned by all who knew him, was just about the only pet I've ever really loved.
Morrissey|Some of us can be examples about going ahead and growing, and some of us, unfortunately, don't make it there, and end up being examples because they had to die. I hit rock bottom, but thank God my bottom wasn't death.
Nicholas Sparks, True Believer|True love is many things and can survive the strongest and most painful of times. When love comes out the other side of a fire, it may be scarred forever, but this bruised love is somehow only greater for having survived the pain.
Irene Adler|Have you ever had anyone? And when I say "had", I'm being indelicate.
Voltaire|I hope to live all my life for my art, without abandoning my principles one iota.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Insulted and Humiliated|Everyone, except a writer, thinks writing is easy. Writing is tough. Being a disciplined writer is tougher.
Heather     James, Fire|He blew himself up.”“Get out! You mean like guts all over the place?”“Not all over the place,” I said. “He was pretty well contained, all things considered.
Chirag Tulsiani|We are always imagining something, It is practically impossible to be awake without imagining something. Then why not imagine something at all times that will inspire the powers within us to do greater and greater things?
Matt Ridley, The Rational Optimist: How Prosperity Evolves|My simple explanation of why we human beings, the most advanced species on earth, cannot find happiness, is this: as we evolve up the ladder of being, we find three things: the first, that the tension between the range of opposites in our lives and society widens dramatically and often painfully as we evolve; the second, that the better informed and more intelligent we are, the more humble we have to become about our ability to live meaningful lives and to change anything, even ourselves; and consequently, thirdly, that the cost of gaining the simplicity the other side of complexity can rise very steeply if we do not align ourselves and our lives well.
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|My relationship with him was defined by these complex emotions, this mixture of gratitude and resentment.
Monica Crowley|Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt, not swallowed.
Deanie Humphrys-Dunne, Tails of Sweetbrier|My new apartment might be a place where there are lots of children. They might gather on my porch to play, and when I step out for groceries, they will ask me, "Hi, do you have any kids?" and then, "Why not, don't you like kids?""I like kids," I will explain. "I like kids very much." And when I almost run over them with my car, in my driveway, I will feel many different things.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|At the end of the day, I just want to sit with someone I love and chat about what matters and even what doesn’t.
Kare Anderson, Mutuality Matters How You Can Create More Opportunity, Adventure & Friendship With Others|Thankfulness to God, if not followed by commitment to Obey Him, will tend to stop the continuous supply of God's blessings in our lives.
Ismail Kadare, Chronicle in Stone|I couldn't get to sleep. The book lay nearby. A thin object on the divan. So strange. Between two cardboard covers were noises, doors, howls, horses, people. All side by side, pressed tightly against one another. Boiled down to little black marks. Hair, eyes, voices, nails, legs, knocks on doors, walls, blood, beards, the sound of horseshoes, shouts. All docile, blindly obedient to the little black marks. The letters run in mad haste, now here, now there. The a's, f's, y's, k's all run. They gather together to create a horse or a hailstorm. They run again. Now they create a dagger, a night, a murder. Then streets, slamming doors, silence. Running and running. Never stopping.
Nick Clooney|The Stones are a different kind of group. I realized that when I joined them. It's not really so much their musical ability, it's just they have a certain kind of style and attitude which is unique.
C. JoyBell C.|Many people think that love represents chains, bondage, the opposite of freedom. But people who believe such things are simple-minded creatures who have been lied to, and who easily accept the general trend of the lie. It is in fact love that is the only thing powerful enough to set one free from even the most deeply-embedded and thoroughly-wound chains of the soul, the mind, and the body. The fact is that we are born into chains and born into bondages; these things are put upon us by fear, pain and doubt. When you are thoroughly loved by someone in mind and in heart, this has the power to set you so free, more free than you have ever been before. And that is because freedom is not the equivalent of detachment. Freedom is the equivalent of that which sets you free. And when someone loves you the way that only they can, that is what sets you free.
Dana Carvey|I'm thirty years old, but I read at the thirty-four-year-old level.
Ali Smith, Autumn|Words are themselves organisms, ...
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|He had traded the lives of people he did not know for those of men he did.That was, he supposed, human nature.
Scott Stabile|I don't know about you, but sometimes I need to remind myself to breathe. I have to close my eyes and concentrate, even force myself to take a few deep breaths. In and out. In and out. In and out.I know that breathing just happens, without us needing to work at it. But so does stress, and distress, and discomfort. That's when a few deep, conscious breaths can make a world of difference.Can I get an inhale?
Alexis Coe, Alice + Freda Forever: A Murder in Memphis|In the mind of the public, she seemed endowed with an almost supernatural power to commit heinous acts, now matter the time or place.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Because what’s worse than knowing you want something, besides knowing you can never have it?
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Origins: Fourteen Billion Years of Cosmic Evolution|... informed ignorance provides the natural state of mind for research scientists at the ever-shifting frontiers of knowledge. People who believe themselves ignorant of nothing have neither looked for, nor stumbled upon, the boundary between what is known and unknown in the cosmos.
Cristina Henriquez|I liked school, but I used to dread those moments when the teacher would call me up to give an oral report. I forced myself to deal with it and not dwell on the class in front of me - to keep a straight face, give the report and concentrate on getting it right. That's normally how I perform. That's how I am.
Siegfried Sassoon, Memoirs of a Fox-Hunting Man|She had the wild look of someone who hadn’t slept in twenty-four hours, with purplish semicircles underneath both her eyes. Being eighteen was like being made out of rubber and cocaine.
A.J. Compton, The Counting-Downers|I want to warn you. I'm going to kiss you, and you're going to like it.A lot.
Émile Zola, Pot Luck|Hortense and Berthe nodded, as though profoundly impressed by the wisdom of their mother's pronouncements. She had long since convinced them of the absolute inferiority of men, whose sole function was to marry and to pay.
Chris Hadfield, An Astronaut's Guide to Life on Earth|I wasn't lonely. Loneliness, I think, has very little to do with location. It's a state of mind. In the centre of every city are some of the loneliest people in the world. If anything, because our whole planet was just outside the window, I felt even more aware of and connected to the seven billion other people who call it home.
Julie Powell|Somewhere along the way, I discovered that in the physical act of cooking, especially something complex or plain old hard to handle, dwelled unsuspected reservoirs of arousal both gastronomic and sexual.
Kellyn Roth, The Lady of the Vineyard|She hated the way roses smelled, their sweetness too fragile. She wanted a garden of evergreens. A garden of stones. A garden of swords.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 5: 1947-1955|Perhaps behind our occasional hostility toward the artist and writer there may be a slight tinge of jealousy. The man or woman who for the sake of family life, children, takes up work he does not like, disciplines himself, sacrifices some fantasy he had once, to travel or to paint, or even possibly to write, may feel toward the artist and writer a jealousy of his adventurous life. The artist and the writer have generally paid the full price for their independence and for the privilege of doing work they love, or for their artistic rebellions against standardized living or values.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|The natural heat, say the good-fellows,first seats itself in the feet: that concerns infancy; thence it mounts into the middleregion, where it makes a long abode and produces, in my opinion, the sole true pleasures of human life; all other pleasures in comparison sleep; towards the end, like a vapor that still mounts upward, it arrives at the throat, where it makes its final residence, and concludes the progress.
C.C. Wyatt|Follow the advice of those that lead by example, instead of those lost in the norms.
Morana Blue, Gatsby's Smile|Apparently, we're all in the frame," I heard Harry murmur somewhere behind me. And I whirled back to him. Innate, irrational anger surged. Then stopped, dead - as I suddenly took in Handsome, Robert and Doc. They were all staring at me. They were concentrating, all resolute, all a tad furrow-browed… upon my face.Self-consciousness burgeoned. I gingerly fingered my and lips and my chin,"Am I drooling?""Your arse is hanging out," said Harry, not looking up from the forensics he was scanning.And so it was.Handsome, Robert and Doc averted their eyes as I, wishing I'd merely been dribbling, grabbed the back flaps of my breezy hospital gown, fully placed my back against the wall. Then, thinking better of it, dived hurriedly, carefully, back into bed.If Chinese Lady'd been here, she could've, would've, told me.I missed her already.
David Skibbins, Eight of Swords|Their drift away from others produced a selfish privacy and they had lost the refuge and the consolation of a clan. Baptists, Presbyterians, tribe, army, family, some encircling outside thing was needed. Pride, she thought. Pride alone made them think that they needed only themselves, could shape life that way, like Adam and Eve, like gods from nowhere beholden to nothing except their own creations. She should have warned them, but her devotion cautioned against impertinence. As long as Sir was alive it was easy to veil the truth: that they were not a family-not even a like-minded group. They were orphans, each and all.
R. Y.S. Perez, I Hope You Fall in Love: Poetry Collection|But, darling, I need you to know, you loving me will not heal me. Please realize, I already know that. And I do not expect it to.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|If you do not know you can always ask, but if you do not know never answer wrong.
Diane S. Sykes|The practice of law requires both continuity and growth - a deep understanding of legal principles born of reason, tradition, and experience and tested by time, but also a mind alert to present needs and the future consequences of public and private legal decisions.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Did you sell to them or did you simply facilitate their buying from you, hmm? Very different scenarios, my boy, very different indeed.
Louise Erdrich, The Painted Drum|Life will break you. Nobody can protect you from that, and living alone won't either, for solitude will also break you with its yearning. You have to love. You have to feel. It is the reason you are here on earth. You are here to risk your heart. You are here to be swallowed up. And when it happens that you are broken, or betrayed, or left, or hurt, or death brushes near, let yourself sit by an apple tree and listen to the apples falling all around you in heaps, wasting their sweetness. Tell yourself you tasted as many as you could.
Diana Wynne Jones, The Tough Guide to Fantasyland|Female Mercenary. This will be a companion on your Tour. She is usually tall, thin and wiry, silent, and neurotic. Sex scares her. This is because she either came from a nunnery or was raped as a child. Or both. Somehow this inspired her to become a mercenary and she is very good at her job. You can rely on her absolutely in a fight. She can usually kill two people at once while guarding your back in between. The rest of the time, she will irritate you with lots of punctilious weapons cleaning and a perpetual insistence that a proper watch be kept. Mostly, she will have no magic talents, but sometimes, in an emergency, she will come up with a gift or vision. You will end up grudgingly admiring her.
Alice Hoffman, The River King|She knew it the way people say they know they are about to be hit by lightning, yet remain powerless to run, unable to avoid their fate. She panicked, as anyone might have when disparate parts of her life were about to crash into each other, certain to leave a path of anguish and debris. It was true that devotion could be lost as quickly as it was found, which was why some people insisted that love letters be written in ink. How easy it was for even the sweetest words to evaporate, only to be rewritten as impulse and infatuation might dictate. How unfortunate that love could not be taught or trained, like a seal or a dog. Instead it was a wolf on the prowl, with a mind of its own, and it made its own way, undeterred by the damage done. Love like this could turn honest people into liars and cheats, as it now did…
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|When Thad began nuzzling her neck, pressing his opened lips against her, she smacked him in the back of the head. "Don't go vamp on me now!""Whaa!" He shot upright, his fangs sharp. "Where 
Rene Cazelles, De terre et d'envolée|It is altogether reasonable to conclude that the heavenly bodies, alias worlds, which move or are situate within the circle of our knowledge, as well all others throughout immensity, are each and every one of them possessed or inhabited by some intelligent agents or other, however different their sensations or manners of receiving or communicating their ideas may be from ours, or however different from each other.
Kim Bongiorno, Part of My World: Short Stories|She stared at the faded tile floor before her feet, but knew his every step around her small kitchen. When Martin touched the coffee cup patterned curtains he must assume she’d made, her fingers throbbed. When his eyes slid across the flowery aluminum water bottle at the table, her throat cracked with thirst.The radio clicked off.The silence of the room soaked up her raspy breaths, her pounding heart, her ache, and stirred them around the one man she ever longed for in a way that changes how you taste the world.Her desire swirled in a pulsing, betraying, blurry hook, and encouraged him to move closer.Martin obeyed.
The Hippie, Snowflake Obsidian: Memoir of a Cutter|My body flopped to the ground as Irealized my doom. I was in love. Finally. It’s what every girl dreams about from the moment she startsdreaming, to fall in love and be in love. Well I was in love, and I hated it.
Tamara L. Chilver|... parents naturally want their children to excel in every area of academics and extra-curricular activities, but the reality is- God made each child differently for His purpose. He never intended for our children to excel in everything.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|Don’t be afraid,” he says with a half smile. “You’re with me.” His hand tightens around my wrist, tugging me down again playfully. And this time, I feel safe enough to take a deep breath of my own and do as he says.
Antonia Fraser|Women are clear-headed, they are more creative and for this reason, sometimes, also more fragile.
W.H. Auden, Letters from Iceland|Part came from Lane, and part from D.H. Lawrence;Gide, though I didn't know it then, gave part.They taught me to express my deep abhorrenceIf I caught anyone preferring ArtTo Life and Love and being Pure-in-heart.I lived with crooks but seldom was molested;The Pure-in-heart can never be arrested.
April Gornik|The day I decided I didn't want to be a 19th-Century European curator, I knew I would never have the experience of people coming and going 'ooh' and 'aah,' the way they do around the Monets. It just doesn't happen.
Ryan Lilly|Success = Wisdom + Courage + Discipline. KNOW what to do, be BRAVE enough to do it, and LEAD YOURSELF to doing it again and again.
Chuck Klosterman|TV takes away our freedom to have whatever thoughts we want. So do photographs, movies, and the Internet. They provide us with more intellectual stimuli, but they construct a lower, harder ceiling.
Tom Holt|The Italians are not indulgent, as Americans are. They don't have the patience to teach young singers how to move. They think you should learn in school.
Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck|Today it is time for every child to have a right to life, right to freedom, right to health, right to education, safety, the right to dignity, right to equality, and right to peace.
Eric Jerome Dickey, Finding Gideon|I heard you on the phone with her. I happened to be in your arms, and you happened to be inside of me, balls deep from what I remember, so I felt the difference, felt what you felt for her, heard how your voice changed when you talked to her.
Aslaug Magnusdottir|I am interested in the idea of 'taste.' And by 'taste,' I mean opinion, inspiration and the craft of creating a personality through fabric and design.
C.G. Jung, The Essential Jung: Selected Writings|If I want to understand an individual human being, I must lay aside all scientific knowledge of the average man and discard all theories in order to adopt a completely new and unprejudiced attitude. I can only approach the task of understanding with a free and open mind, whereas knowledge of man, or insight into human character, presupposes all sorts of knowledge about mankind in general.
Nicholas Haslam|Yes, my mom does keep making references to marriage, like all mothers do, but it's only in a lighter mood... she just jokes.
Subhan Zein|Real poetry is art at its purest sense. It is never a commodity, but a breath of eternity.
Darryl Pinckney|Being interested in other fields and meeting experts outside entertainment - whether it's a two-hour conversation with John Nash that turns into 'A Beautiful Mind' or talking to people in architecture or fashion, CIA directors or Nobel laureates - has given me a better sense of which ideas feel authentic and new.
Ewan McGregor|A critical factor in its success was that the X developers were willing to give the sources away for free in accordance with the hacker ethic, and able to distribute them over the Internet.
Roger Corman|Markets change, tastes change, so the companies and the individuals who choose to compete in those markets must change.
Marge Piercy|I aim to make the fiction flexible so that it bends itself around the facts as we have them. Otherwise I don’t see the point. Nobody seems to understand that. Nobody seems to share my approach to historical fiction. I suppose if I have a maxim, it is that there isn’t any necessary conflict between good history and good drama.
Debasish Mridha|When you seek love in every steps of life, love will seek you every moment of life.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Life is a puzzle, a riddle, a test, a mystery, a game—whatever challenge you wish to compare it to. Just remember, you're not the only participant; no one person holds all the answers, the pieces, or the cards. The trick to success in this life is to accumulate teammates and not opponents.
Jacob Nordby|Like the body craves oxygen, the mind is desperate for certainty. It believes that without a safe foothold on reality, it will die.But the fascinating thing is that the illusion of certainty is exactly the opposite of safety because it hardens and narrows the vision to make everything fit its own scope. Then when new information arrives which would be its ally, the mind pushes it away in favor of the leaky life raft to which it clings, sinking all the while beneath the waves of change.In fact, the only antidote for this is to embrace 'I don’t know' so deeply that a powerful, dynamic safety emerges. This is like learning to surf so well that a tsunami wave shows up as a challenge to test our mastery.
John Lasseter|My daughter loves to do art stuff. As a father, I like to play with her. We break out the big pads of paper and the glitter and all the stuff. She likes to do what she likes to do. I want to do something, too. So I've just started using her same materials - a lot of crayons, a lot of sparkle, charcoal, pencils, markers and glue.
Robin Sacredfire|What happens when you give people a 2nd chance? They blame you for it. What happens when you give people a 3rd chance? They ridicule you. What happens when you give them a 4th chance? They make sure they will have a 5th. What happens when you give them a 5th? They blame you for everything and laugh at you. What happens when you give them a 6th? At this point, they try to kill you by accident before you even have another chance of leaving them. What happens when you give them a 7th chance? They punish you for all the chances you have given them before and betray you in the most horrible way they can, proving that they didn’t deserve not even one chance at anything. Forgiveness is not for everyone, and those that deserve it never reach the point of even needing it.
Lori Handeland, Nate|Because I can only love you entirely. With everything I am, and everything I ever will be. Body, mind, heart, soul.” - Victor Bramwell, Earl of Rycliff.
Oscar Hammerstein II|I had a heartbreaking experience when I was 9. I always wanted to be a guard. The most wonderful girl in the world was a guard. When I got polio and then went back to school, they made me a guard. A teacher took away my guard button.
Indu Muralidharan, The Reengineers|On a small table beside his chair were other haphazardly stacked volumes by such poets as Emerson, Whitman, and Wallace Stevens, a dangerous crew to let into your head.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|I don’t hate you,” I said, and I almost believed it.
Langston Hughes|Though you may hear me holler,And you may see me cry--I'll be dogged, sweet baby,If you gonna see me die.
Derrick Jensen, Deep Green Resistance: Strategy to Save the Planet|O, that's a brave man! He writes brave verses, speaks brave words, swears brave oaths, and breaks them bravely,
Lacey Sturm|If you think that there's anything that you need to do for salvation, then you've missed the point of the Gospel. Eternal life is a gift from God!
Tamora Pierce|(about organizing books in his home library, and putting a book in the "Arts and Lit non-fiction section)I personally find that for domestic purposes, the Trivial Pursuit system works better than Dewey.
Chris Hadfield|I feel like there's a lot of noise in the social space. The Vines and Instagrams of the world are gaining traction, and their solutions are perfect for their communities.
Ryohgo Narita|For us, the playground of fiction is just as important as reality
Laura Esquivel, Swift as Desire|[Words] cling to the very core of our memories and lie there in silence until a new desire reawakens them and recharges them with loving energy. That is one of the qualities of love that moves me most, their capacity for transmitting love. Like water, words are a wonderful conductor of energy. And the most powerful, transforming energy is the energy of love.
Lindsay Chamberlin|In order to move forward, you will have to stumble along the way, but every falter in your stride just makes your next step even stronger.
Darnell Lamont Walker|The light is supposed to enter through your breaks, wounds, and cracks.
Tilman J. Fertitta|The whole idea of juicing is good if you are trying to diet and use it in limited basis. I use juice drinks only once a week. I use emulsified drinks because in emulsification you are keeping everything. You are keeping the pulp, you are keeping the skin with all of the phytonutrients.
Mark F. LaMoure|Working to be outstanding at what you do, raises your confidence and improves your reputation. As you work to become top notch, you gain higher attention and visibility.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Always write as if you will never have the blessed chance to write again, so this has to be the best thing you've ever done. Do that, and it will be.
Michio Kaku|It has today occurred to me that an amplifier using semiconductors rather than vacuum is in principle possible.[Laboratory notebook, 29 Dec 1939.]
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|You have that look on your face,” Alessandro said, smiling as he tucked a damp lock of her blonde hair behind her ear. “What look?” Bree asked, resting a hand on his flushed chest, propping herself up on one elbow. She could feel the racingheart beneath. “The look of a woman who’s been rather well fucked, darling,” he grinned smugly. She punched his chest lightly. “Ego much?” “I see nothing wrong with taking pride in a job well done,” he pointed out. “Oh of course,” Bree said, laughing and dropped her head on his chest.
Thornton Wilder, The Ides of March|Love as education is one of the great powers of the world, but it hangs in a delicate suspension; it achieves its harmony as seldom as does love by the senses. Frustrated, it creates even greater havoc, for like all love it is a madness.
Michael Grant, Gone|So there’s this annual dance in a couple of weeks.”“The Winter Ball,” I interrupt. “There have been signs up everywhere.”“You want to go?”I think about it for a half second. “Will you dress up?”He nods.I move forward so my hands are flat on the towel and my face is much closer to his face. Something inside my chest warms up like a nice kind of heartburn and I say, “And will we slow dance?”He nods again. His bottom lip turns in toward his mouth for a second, just disappears and then comes back.Stretching out my spine so my lips are nearly touching his I say, “And will you press yourself against me and we’ll move really close together and then your hand will stretch out across the back of my head and your fingers will wrap into my hair and then . . .”He doesn’t nod. He just tilts his head down, moves his fingers into my hair, and his lips touch mine in a forever kiss. His lips are soft and hard all at once. His breath mixes with my breath. Everything inside of me whooshes out.
Nithin Purple, Venus and Crepuscule: Beauty and Violence on Me Thrown|Ha! spring arrived on her sweet scented palanquin,carried by the spirited Zephyrus and his coir with their murmuring music undulated in its own softness and fondled the leaves to astir.
Ben Aaronovitch, The Hanging Tree|Suppose someone were to describe a small country that provided free education through university for all of its citizens, transportation for schoolchildren, and free health care - including heart surgery - for all. You might suspect that a country is either phenomenally rich or on the fast track to fiscal crisis.
Dick Dale|Sometimes power is all a person has, so they will protect it even unto their own destruction, for without power they have nothing.
Hank Aaron|I noted that people are happy here in India. When I went back home, people had everything in the materialistic sense and were surrounded with abundance, but they were not happy.
Elizabeth Wein, Code Name Verity|Circumstances don't determine who you are, or what you will be. Only you do that. You either decide, or you don't. Even the decision not to decide was still yours.
John Piper, God Is the Gospel: Meditations on God's Love as the Gift of Himself|He recounted how, after the last of Charlemagne's forty-seven victorious campaigns, when he was returning from Saxony, a comet flashed across the sky and the Emperor's horse shied and threw him to the ground. The great Frankish Emperor had fallen so violently that his sword belt had been torn off him and the Spear, which he was clasping in his left hand, had been hurled some twenty feet away from him. At the same time there were earth tremors in the Royal Palace at Aachen, and the word "Princeps" had mysteriously faded from the red ochre inscription high up on a central beam in the Cathedral, which had formerly read 'Karolus Princeps.' Charlemagne himself had taken little notice of these portents, which his courtiers had taken to be a prophecy of his imminent death. In Einhard's own words: 'He refused to admit that any of these events could have any connection ith his own personal affairs.' Yet the 70-year-old Emperor drew up his last will and testament just in case these portents were correct. And they were!
Ikechukwu Joseph, Discovering Yourself|Character is the real you-“the you in you that makes you the you, you are”. “the hidden man of the heart
Brandon W. Forbes, Radiohead and Philosophy: Fitter Happier More Deductive|As a rule, we don't like to feel to sad or lonely or depressed. So why do we like music (or books or movies) that evoke in us those same negative emotions? Why do we choose to experience in art the very feelings we avoid in real life?Aristotle deals with a similar question in his analysis of tragedy. Tragedy, after all, is pretty gruesome. […] There's Sophocles's Oedipus, who blinds himself after learning that he has killed his father and slept with his mother. Why would anyone watch this stuff? Wouldn't it be sick to enjoy watching it? […] Tragedy's pleasure doesn't make us feel "good" in any straightforward sense. On the contrary, Aristotle says, the real goal of tragedy is to evoke pity and fear in the audience. Now, to speak of the pleasure of pity and fear is almost oxymoronic. But the point of bringing about these emotions is to achieve catharsis of them - a cleansing, a purification, a purging, or release. Catharsis is at the core of tragedy's appeal.
Jaron Lanier, You Are Not a Gadget|Technology tends toward avoidance of risks by investors. Uncertainty is ruled out if possible. People generally prefer the predictable. Few recognize how destructive this can be, how it imposes severe limits on variability and thus makes whole populations fatally vulnerable to the shocking ways our universe can throw the dice.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|So I began to think maybe it was true that when you were married and had children it was like being brainwashed, and afterward you went about as numb as a slave in a totalitarian state.
Hilary Thayer Hamann, Anthropology of an American Girl|He snatched the book from me and replaced it hastily on its shelf, muttering that if one brick was removed the whole library was liable to collapse.
Geoff Manaugh, A Burglar's Guide to the City|Total violent crime in the United States 2013: (Number:1,163,146), (Rate per 100,000: 367.9).
Helen Keller|Masculine exhalations are, as a rule, stronger, more vivid,more widely differentiated than those of women. In the odor of young men there is something elemental, as of fire, storm, and salt sea. It pulsates with buoyancy and desire. It suggests all the things strong and beautiful and joyous and gives me a sense of physical happiness.
Rudy Giuliani|I am not writing to try and convert people to fundamental Christianity. I am just trying to share my experience, strength and hope, that someone who is as messed up and neurotic and scarred and scared can be fully accepted by our dear Lord, no questions asked.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|A writer at the time said, "Lincoln means to sink the man in the public officer.
Adam Smith, The Theory of Moral Sentiments|The prudent man always studies seriously and earnestly to understand whatever he professes to understand, and not merely to persuade other people that he understands it; and though his talents may not always be very brilliant, they are always perfectly genuine. He neither endeavours to impose upon you by the cunning devices of an artful impostor, nor by the arrogant airs of an assuming pedant, nor by the confident assertions of a superficial and imprudent pretender. He is not ostentatious even of the abilities which he really possesses. His conversation is simple and modest, and he is averse to all the quackish arts by which other people so frequently thrust themselves into public notice and reputation.
Gina Greenlee, The Whole Person Guide to Your First Marathon: A Mind Body Spirit Companion|As your training integrates Mind, Body and Spirit, enjoy the process. Your journey to the marathon finish will last a few hours. Your journey to the start will influence a lifetime.
Lea Thompson|It's not that we like sad movies that make us feel like, 'Oh, my God, what a bummer.' We like emotionally moving experiences. It's nothing new. It's catharsis. It goes back to the Greeks.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Daybreak: Thoughts on the Prejudices of Morality|hitherto we have been permitted to seek beauty only in the morally good - a fact which sufficiently accounts for our having found so little of it and having had to seek about for imaginary beauties without backbone! - As surely as the wicked enjoy a hundred kinds of happiness of which the virtuous have no inkling, so too they possess a hundred kinds of beauty: and many of them have not yet been discovered.
Comte de Lautréamont|Deep in his heart, he wondered if he was after all worse than this man or the next. He knew that he could sophisticate himself finally into saying that his own weakness was just the result of circumstances and environment; that often when he raged at himself as an egotist something would whisper ingratiatingly: "No. Genius!
Terry Pratchett, Diggers|[American exceptionalism] is a reaction to the inability of people to understand global complexity or important issues like American energy dependency. Therefore, they search for simplistic sources of comfort and clarity. And the people that they are now selecting to be, so to speak, the spokespersons of their anxieties are, in most cases, stunningly ignorant.
Charles Caleb Colton|Suicide sometimes proceeds from cowardice, but not always; for cowardice sometimes prevents it; since as many live because they are afraid to die, as die because they are afraid to live
Jason L. Ma, Young Leaders 3.0: Stories, Insights, and Tips for Next-Generation Achievers|In life, school, or work, you must resourcefully act with purpose, curiosity, and wisdom toward positive outcomes, if not a vision.
Alexander McCall Smith, La's Orchestra Saves the World|Go to any small village anywhere in the world, and see what they remember. Everything. It's all there -- passed on like a precious piece of information, some secret imparted from one who knew to one who yearns to know. Taken good care of.
Jenim Dibie|There's things that have no finish, Scully, no ending to speak of. There's no justice to it, but that's the God's truth. The only end some things have is the end you give em.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Most High God, how excellent is thy Holy name.
Jeanette Winterson, Lighthousekeeping|There was a man here, lashed himself to a spar as his ship went down, and for seven days and seven nights he was on the sea, and what kept him alive while others drowned was telling himself stories like a madman, so that as one ended another began. On the seventh day he had told all the stories he knew and that was when he began to tell himself as if he were a story, from the earliest beginnings to his green and deep misfortune. The story he told was of a man lost and found, not once, but many times, as he choked his way out of the waves. And the night fell, he saw the Cape Wrath light, only lit a week it was, but it was, and he knew that if he became the story of the light, he might be saved. With his last strength he began to paddle towards it, arms on either side of the spar, and in his mind the light became a shining rope, pulling him in. He took hold of it, tied it round his waist, and at that moment, the keeper saw him, and ran for the rescue boat.
Plato|I am a man, and I will be treated as such. I answer to only one king and His kingdom will come, His will be done. We have chosen sides and we choose God. America as a nation must do the same, as well.
Hillary Clinton|In the course of history, men come to see that iron necessity is neither iron nor necessary.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Loving kindness is the practice of offering to oneself and others wishes to be happy, peaceful, healthy, strong
G.S. Jennsen, Vertigo|Do you love me?” His voice rang flat in his own ears, deadened and weighted with the recognition there was only one chance, and a fool’s chance at that
George Bernard Shaw, Misalliance|The secret of being miserable is to have leisure to bother about whether you are happy or not. The cure for it is occupation, because occupation means pre-occupation; and the pre-occupied person is neither happy nor unhappy, but simply alive and active. That is why it is necessary to happiness that one should be tired.
Idries Shah, Reflections|Presence and AbsenceA certain person may have, as you say, a wonderful presence: I do not know. What I do know is that he has a perfectly delightful absence.
Ha-Joon Chang, Economics: The User's Guide|The issue of false consciousness is a genuinely difficult problem that has no definite solution. We should not approve of an unequal and brutal society because surveys show that people are happy. But who has the right to tell those oppressed women or starving landless peasants that they shouldn’t be happy, if they think they are? Does anyone have the right to make those people feel miserable by telling them the ‘truth’? There are no easy answers to these questions, but they definitely tell us that we cannot rely on ‘subjective’ happiness surveys to decide how well people are doing.
Claire Contreras, Kaleidoscope Hearts|When you meet the person you're supposed to be with for the rest of your life, they make you whole. They're your other half. Yes, life can be good, but once you meet your other half, it's fucking wonderful.
Debra Kaye, Red Thread Thinking: Weaving Together Connections for Brilliant Ideas and Profitable Innovations|Yes, confidence was knowing I could do anything. But, I realized, confidence must always be rooted in work. In sweat. In pain-good pain. And in honesty.
John Calvin, Commentaries, 23 Vols|And indeed we must seek the true rule of prayer in the word of God, that we may not rashly break through to Him, but may approach him in the manner in which he has revealed himself to us. This appears more clearly from the adjoining context, where Jacob, recalling the command and promise of God to memory, is supported as by two pillars. Certainly the legitimate method of praying is, that the faithful should answer to God who calls them; and thus there is such a mutual agreement between his word and their vows, that no sweeter and more harmonious symphony can be imagined. “O Lord,” he says, “I return at thy command: thou also didst promise protection to me returning; it is therefore right that thou shouldest become the guide of my journey.” This is a holy boldness, when, having discharged our duty according to God’s calling, we familiarly ask of him whatsoever he has promised; since he, by binding himself gratuitously to us, becomes in a sense voluntarily our debtor. But whoever, relying on no command or promise of God, offers his prayers, does nothing but cast vain and empty words into the air.
Jamie  Mason|Now the evening's at its noon, its meridian. The outgoing tide has simmered down, and there's a lull-like the calm in the eye of a hurricane - before the reverse tide starts to set in.The last acts of the three-act plays are now on, and the after-theater eating places are beginning to fill up with early comers; Danny's and Lindy's - yes, and Horn & Hardart too. Everybody has got where they wanted to go - and that was out somewhere. Now everybody will want to get back where they came from - and that's home somewhere. Or as the coffee-grinder radio, always on the beam, put it at about this point: 'New York, New York, it's a helluva town, The Bronx is up, the Battery's down, And the people ride around in a hole in the ground.Now the incoming tide rolls in; the hours abruptly switch back to single digits again, and it's a little like the time you put your watch back on entering a different time zone. Now the buses knock off and the subway expresses turn into locals and the locals space themselves far apart; and as Johnny Carson's face hits millions of screens all at one and the same time, the incoming tide reaches its crest and pounds against the shore. There's a sudden splurge, a slew of taxis arriving at the hotel entrance one by one as regularly as though they were on a conveyor belt, emptying out and then going away again.Then this too dies down, and a deep still sets in. It's an around-the-clock town, but this is the stretch; from now until the garbage-grinding trucks come along and tear the dawn to shreds, it gets as quiet as it's ever going to get.This is the deep of the night, the dregs, the sediment at the bottom of the coffee cup. The blue hours; when guys' nerves get tauter and women's fears get greater. Now guys and girls make love, or kill each other or sometimes both. And as the windows on the 'Late Show' title silhouette light up one by one, the real ones all around go dark. And from now on the silence is broken only by the occasional forlorn hoot of a bogged-down drunk or the gutted-cat squeal of a too sharply swerved axle coming around a turn. Or as Billy Daniels sang it in Golden Boy: While the city sleeps, And the streets are clear, There's a life that's happening here.("New York Blues")
Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society, Mankind’s Search for God|The teachings of a religion should influence the personality and daily conduct of each believer. Thus, each person's conduct will normally be a reflection, to a greater or lesser degree, of that one's religious background. What effect does your religion have on you? Does your religion produce a kinder person? More generous, honest, humble, tolerant, and compassionate?
Lin Zhao|As I silently rub the drops of blood on the wall, I can only find the right words when I think of that merciful and just God who is so far away, and yet so close.
Howard Thurman|I hope it is true that a man can die and yet not only live in others but give them life, and not only life, but that great consciousness of life.
H.W. Charles, The Money Code: Become a Millionaire With the Ancient Jewish Code|CODE:Cursed is the ground for thy sake; in toil shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life.Tanakh (JPS, Genesis 3:17)DECODED:Blessed is He that discerneth secrets.Talmud (Berakoth 58a)
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|Things are never as they seem. A person. A Mark. A statement. They are always deeper than we perceive, like walking in the ocean and suddenly dipping under the surface because the bottom has disappeared beneath your feet. The water appears shallow until you are suddenly flailing around beneath the surface, desperately searching for stable ground once again.
Jo Nesbø, The Snowman|And what’s your unhappiness due to, Harry?The words came out before he had time to think. “Loving someone who loves me.
Sian B. Claven, Ensnared|No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of absolute reality; even larks and katydids are supposed, by some, to dream. Hill House, not sane, stood by itself against its hills, holding darkness within. Within, walls continued upright, bricks met neatly, floors were firm, and doors were sensibly shut; silence lay steadily against the wood and stone of Hill House, and whatever walked there, walked alone.
Maddy Malhotra|Your responsibility is your accurate response to the ability within you, when you respond less accurately than the ability you have it becomes irresponsibility.
Amie Kaufman, Gemina|And blood and tears and screams did not matter anymore, because at least they are together.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|The focus should be on becoming a strong andinfluential personality – cultivate compelling communication skills, focus on building trust and learn how to expand and leverage your professional network.
Thomas Hardy, The Return of the Native|All you need to build a house, Is blood and bricks and plaster.
Immanuel Kant|Give me matter, and I will construct a world out of it!
Suze Orman|I love healthy stuff and junk an equal amount. Whatever I'm craving, I go for it. I'm never trying to lose weight - or gain it. I'm just being.
Armin Navabi, Why There Is No God: Simple Responses to 20 Common Arguments for the Existence of God|Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away.” This touches on the heart of the argumentum ad populum fallacy. Physical reality does not require belief to sustain it, and belief will not modify the rules of the universe.
Elizabeth Kolbert|Environment' is a term that creates no pictures in the mind, which is why I have begun to use 'natural world' or 'living planet' instead.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|I mean,” he said, “that by your own showing, the greatest threat to heaven comes from within the ranks of the angels themselves. Before you can prove to me that heroes can defeat villains with nothing but the purest chivalric ideals, you must convince me that heroes do exist, and that villains are not a fanciful tale for children. You must tell me, sir, if you dare, that you are incorruptible, and that your colleagues and commanders are as pure as you.
Noah Lukeman, The First Five Pages: A Writer's Guide To Staying Out of the Rejection Pile|I honestly think in order to be a writer, you have to learn to be reverent. If not, why are you writing? Why are you here? Let's think of reverence as awe, as presence in and openness to the world. The alternative is that we stultify, we shut down. Think of those times when you've read prose or poetry that is presented in such a way that you have a fleeting sense of being startled by beauty or insight, by a glimpse into someone's soul. All of a sudden everything seems to fit together or at least to have some meaning for a moment. This is our goal as writers, I think; to help others have this sense of -- please forgive me -- wonder, of seeing things anew, things that can catch us off guard, that break in on our small, bordered worlds.
Ted Bundy|Society wants to believe it can identify evil people, or bad or harmful people, but it's not practical. There are no stereotypes.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|It was a start, and a start is all anyone needs to put an end to something.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|I don’t trust anybody. Not anybody. And the more that I care about someone, the more sure I am they’re going to get tired of me and take off.
Yann Martel|Faith in God is an opening up, a letting go, a deep trust, a free act of love - but sometimes it was so hard to love.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|But this gives no proper idea of my feelings at all; and no one that has not lived such a retired stationary life as mine, can possibly imagine what they were: hardly even if he has known what it is to awake some morning, and find himself in Port Nelson, in New Zealand, with a world of waters between himself and all that knew him.
Jim Al-Khalili|The construction of civilizational difference is not exclusive in any simple sense. The de-essentialization of Islam is paradigmatic for all thinking about the assimilation of non-European poeples to European civilization. The idea that people's historical experience is inessential to them, that it can be shed at will, makes it possible to argue more strongly for the Enlightenment's claim to universality: Muslims, as members of the abstract category "humans," can be assimilated or (as some recent theorist have put it) "translated" into a global ("European") civilization once they have divested themselves of what many of them regard (mistakenly) as essential to themselves. The belief that human beings can be separated from their histories and traditions makes it possible to urge a Europeanization of the Islamic world. And by the same logic, it underlies the belief that the assimilation to Europe's civilization of Muslim immigrants who are--for good or for ill--already in European states is necessary and desirable.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Be wary of the man who does not offer water, charges too much for water, asks for too much water, and the one who makes water his business.
Beth Moore|The moment we decide to throw more energy into fighting for our mate than with him, the crack of a fist on the enemy's jaw splits the ears of angels.
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Redeemed|Ah, but is any history really all that ancient?' Second asked. 'Doesn't every moment from the past affect the present?' This man was more annoying than any history teacher Jordan had ever had.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Stop entertaining two faced people. You know the ones who have split personalities and untrustworthy habits. Nine times out of ten if they telling you stuff about another person, they're going to tell your business to other people. If they say, "You know I heard........." More than likely it's in their character to share false information. Beware of your box, circle, square! Whatever you want to call it.
P.N. Elrod, Dark and Stormy Knights|Instead of loving people and using money, people often love money and use people.
Michael  Grant, Plague|Sam sent me to give you a message, Edilio. He said, ‘Tell Edilio I couldn’t kill the bugs.’”“The things that came out of Hunter?” Howard asked.Taylor closed her eyes. Tears squeezed out and rolled down her cheeks. “Yes. The things that came out of Hunter. Sam shot them, you know, with his light. But they’re like, reflective or whatever. Anyway, it didn’t kill them.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|For those we are born to speak to we need prepare nothing, the lines are ready, everything is there.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|How dare a person tell a woman, how to dress, how to talk, how to behave! Any being who does that, is no human.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|The world’s crawling with stupid, innocent girls, and I’m just one of them, self-consciously chasing after dreams that will never come true.
Adharanand Finn, Running with the Kenyans: Passion, Adventure, and the Secrets of the Fastest People on Earth|Right before you head out running, it can be hard to remember exactly why you're doing it. You often have to override a nagging sense of futility, lacing up your shoes, telling yourslef that no matter how unlikely it seems right now, after you finish you will be glad you went. It's only afterward that it makes sense, although even then it's hard to rationalize why. You just feel right. After a run, you feel at one with the world, as though some unspecified, innate need has been fulfilled.
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|The gear teeth of his mind, the cogs of the brain’s machinery that propelled his thoughts, were grinding to a halt, too long forced to fight against the friction of agony without the aid of hope, the lubricant for the soul.
Nora Roberts, Remember When|You're going to need this," she said, and pulled out a condom."At some point, we're also going to need a defibrillator and a fire extinguisher.""Promises, promises.
David George Haskell|But, to love nature and to hate humanity is illogical. Humanity is part of the whole. To truly love the world is also to love human ingenuity and playfulness. Nature does not need to be cleansed of human artifacts to be beautiful or coherent. Yes, we should be less greedy, untidy, wasteful, and shortsighted. But let us not turn responsibility into self-hatred. Our biggest failing is, after all, lack of compassion for the world. Including ourselves.
Isaac Newton|This is a really big space station. We do a lot of various kinds of work here, different kinds of science experiments; we have over 400 different experiments going on at any one time in different areas, from basic science research to medical technology, that hopefully will benefit more people on Earth.
Ned Hayes, The Eagle Tree|A stricken tree, a living thing, so beautiful, so dignified, so admirable in its potential longevity, is, next to man, perhaps the most touching of wounded objects.
Alice Childress|The complacency of the individual who admires his own excellence is bad enough, but it is more respectable than the complacency of the man who has no self-esteem because he has not even a superficial self which he can esteem. He is not a person, not an individual, only an atom. This atomized existence is sometimes praised as humility or as self-sacrifice, some-times it is called obedience, sometimes it is devotion to the dialectic of class war. It produces a kind of peace which is not peace, but only the escape from an immediately urgent sense of conflict. It is the peace not of love but of anesthesia. It is the peace not of self-realization and self-dedication, but of flight into irresponsibility.
Michelle Franklin|The inherent mystery itself: that elusive brightness that flows out of dreams; the brightness that, when we awaken, is already fading from our minds—I still pursued it almost every morning, in spite of my many hours of tortured sleep.
Richard Louv, Last Child in the Woods: Saving Our Children from Nature-Deficit Disorder|I deserve a swift kick in the shorts for all the times I’ve stubbornly wound my way through the library stacks, my mule head leading the way, searching fruitlessly for information a librarian could put in my hands in a matter of minutes. – Michael Perry, Handbook for Freelance Writing
James Carol, Broken Dolls|Every bird of prey looks over its shoulder before it goes in for the kill, even a hawk. Even they know to watch their backs – every single one but an eagle. It’s fearless.
Anthony Kiedis, Scar Tissue|I didn't care if he was a genius or a fucking idiot, he was rotting away, and it wasn't fun to watch.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a magical song of the universe. To understand it, feel it in your heart and sing along.
LaShawnda Jones|What you envision for yourself is far more likely to become a lifelong passion than anything someone can drop into your lap. This is a reminder that pursuing my vision for my life is not a waste of time. Detours happen. They become experience. With experience, accomplishment is only a matter of time.
Ahsan Zahid|People first make unhappy, then say stay happy.
Sunday Adelaja|If you do not work for your dream or purpose, someone else will hire you to fulfill his/hers
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Are you saying that you need an attorney? For what? As far as I know, being a dick isn’t against the law in any country.
Samuel Sullivan Cox|Believe this," he whispered, and kissed her with the sharp, sleek kiss, the silver kiss, so swift and true, and razor sharp, and her warmth was flowing into him.
Assegid Habtewold|Life is like a road, It has highways and detours
Thomas Watson|There is only one way to salvation, and that is to make yourself responsible for all men's sins. As soon as you make yourself responsible in all sincerity for everything and for everyone, you will see at once that this is really so, and that you are in fact to blame for everyone and for all things.
Pauline Wiles, Saving Saffron Sweeting|Britain and America couldn't agree on shoe sizing, dress sizing, weight, distance or temperature measurements, but on the scale of breasts, we were of one voice.
Bidemi Mark-Mordi|Love calls you to be silent when you want to speak, and to speak when you would like to be silent. Love calls you to act when you would really like to wait, and to wait when you would really like to act. Love calls you to stop when you really want to continue and it calls you to continue when you feel like stopping. Love requires you to lead when you really would like to follow, and to follow when you really want to lead. Love again and again calls you away from your instincts and your comfort. Love always requires personal sacrifice. Love calls you to give up your life.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The great beauty of life is its mystery, the inability to know what course our life will take, and diligently work to transmute into our final form based upon a lifetime of constant discovery and enterprising effort. Accepting the unknown and unknowable eliminates regret.
James MacDonald|Before thinking about what you are going to say, think about what I am saying.
Will Smith|When you're not concerned with succeeding, you can work with complete freedom.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|Charlie dear, it is I who have to be proud of you. And I am very, very proud of you. You have called me pretty; and as long as I am pretty in your eyes, I am happy. You, dear old Charlie, are not handsome, but you are good, which is far more noble.
Elona Washington, From Ivy League To Stripper Life: 10 Lessons Learned|Why me, then?” I ask. “Why not Branley? She’s way hotter and was just as drunk as I was.”Alex shakes her head as she sits back down. “Physical attractiveness has nothing to do with it. You were alone, isolated, and weak. The three of them had been watching girls all night, waiting for someone to separate from a group. It happened to be you, but it could’ve been anyone else. Opportunity is what matters, nothing else. […] I’m telling you, Claire. It doesn’t matter. What you were wearing. What you look like. Nothing. Watch the nature channel. Predators go for the easy prey.
Roald Dahl, Matilda|The expression 'Those who can't do, teach' is a curious one, because if you look at the world , you'll see that teachers aren't particularly worse at doing things than anyone else, so perhaps the expression might be better worded as 'nobody can do anything
Ben Marcus, Leaving the Sea|It was hard not to realize what kind of kid his parents wished they'd had, and when he thought about that kind of kid it was tempting for Paul to want to track, hunt, and eat the little thing.
Debasish Mridha|For success, optimism is more important than opportunity.
Ai Yazawa, Nana, Vol. 1|I wanted to have a good relationship. One that's romantic and dramatic, like in the movies. But I finally became a woman at 17 and learned that men aren't really that simple.
Deep Trivedi|If you can accomplish any great task being absorbed in it and that too without any expectations, believe me, that one act of yours will make you a "historical person".
Mario Puzo, Fools Die|Do you believe a man can truly love a woman and constantly betray her?Never mind physically but betray her in his mind,in the very "poetry of his soul".Well,it's not easy but men do it all the time.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|The esoteric finds the Absolute within the traditions, as poets find poetry within the poems.
Alexander Schmemann, For the Life of the World: Sacraments and Orthodoxy|The one who makes the idols never worships them, however tenderly he might have molded the clay. You cannot have knowledge and worship at the same time. Mystery is the essence of divinity. Gods must keep their distances from men.
Robert Anton Wilson, Masks of the Illuminati|Human madness is oftentimes a cunning and most feline thing. When you think it fled, it may have but become transfigured into some still subtler form.
Voltaire, Candide|All men are by nature free; you have therefore an undoubted liberty to depart whenever you please, but will have many and great difficulties to encounter in passing the frontiers.
Elizabeth Heiter, Secret Agent Surrender|She saw a lone figure running across the dark parking lot toward her, a weapon in his hands. ...*Not again.* And this time she was all alone. No Cole Walker, heroic police detective and star in too many of her fantasies, to save her.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|For each one of us, there is only one thing necessary: to fulfill our own destiny, according to God's will, to be what God wants us to be.
Abhijit Naskar, Autobiography of God: Biopsy of A Cognitive Reality|I (God) am only a part of your own human consciousness, but a really bizarre part.
Tim Burton, Burton on Burton|I don't want to be at the mercy of my emotions. I want to use them, to enjoy them, and to dominate them.
Alexandra Fuller|I used to be so intimidated by spin classes. I'd always go by and see people on their bikes looking so intense. But one day my sister and I worked up the courage to go in, and now we're hooked!
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|When we understand the illusory nature of life and the profound power of eternal love, which enables us to create miracles and experience the presence of our deceased loved ones, we find ourselves living with joy, hope and peace.
Rhythm|If you are not an exception, try to be the example.
Samuel Beckett, Molloy, Malone Dies, The Unnamable|And yet sometimes it seems to me I am there, among the incriminated scenes, tottering under the attributes peculiar to the lords of creation ... Yes, more than once I almost took myself for the other, all but suffered after his fashion, the space of an instant.
Anthony Liccione|I'm convinced that fear is at the root of most bad writing. If one is writing for one's own pleasure, that fear may be mild — timidity is the word I've used here. If, however, one is working under deadline — a school paper, a newspaper article, the SAT writing sample — that fear may be intense.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|Instead of asking, “Why is there war?” we might ask, “Why is there peace?” We can obsess not just over what we have been doing wrong but also over what we have been doing right. Because we have been doing something right, and it would be good to know what, exactly, it is.
Nick Lowe|One of the plagues of our day is that it's easy to feel overwhelmed and powerless in the face of massive violence, poverty and injustice around the globe...One of the greatest needs in this country is for us to have some hope, and to feel empowered that as ordinary people we can make a difference.
Ryan Troske, The Rising|No matter what each day brings -- the trials and tribulations that may cross my path, the turmoil, the ugliness -- when I look at this picture I'm reminded that life is precious and there is still beauty in this world.
Jacques Yonnet, Paris Noir: The Secret History of a City|The ‘Oberge des Mailletz’ is by far the oldest tavern of which any record can found in the City archives. In 1292, Adam des Mailletz, inn-keeper, paid a tithe of 18 sous and 6 deniers.This we learn from the Tax Register of the period. At the time it was founded, the Trois-Mailletz was the meeting place of masons, who under the supervision of Jehan de Chelles, carved out of white stone the biblical characters destined to grace the north and south choirs of Notre-Dame. Underneath the building, there are two floors of superimposed cellars: the deeper ones date from the Gallo-Roman period. What remains of the instruments of torture found in the cellars of the Petit-Châtelet have been housed here, along with some other restored objects.A modest bar counter, a long-haired patron who bizarrely manages never to be freshly shaven or downright bearded. A stove in the middle of the shabby room; simple straightforward folk, less drunk than at Rue de Bièvre, and less dirty. Just what we needed.
Marianne Morea, Hunter's Blood|Close your mouth Lily, you look like a codfish.""I can't help it. This place looks like something out of medieval times. I'm surprised there aren't rushes on the floor or half-dressed serving wenches carrying trenchers of food.""Read Harlequin much?""Shut up. There's nothing wrong with romance novels. You could learn something from them you know."Sean's mouth curved into a slow, seductive grin. He let his fingers drift casually along the side of her arm, deliberately grazing the edge of her breast. "Could I now?
Joseph Alois Schumpeter, Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy|Fascism should more appropriately be called Corporatism because it is a merger of state and corporate power" <-- This is a fake quote, it appears in none of the writings or recorded speeches of Mussolini.― Benito Mussolini
Paul Gauguin|Art requires philosophy, just as philosophy requires art. Otherwise, what would become of beauty?
Carol Birch, Jamrach's Menagerie|No, this is wonderful!” Mrs. Hernandez’ face turned into a wrinkle mosaic when she smiled. “It’s not what you give, but the spirit in which you give. That’s what’s important.” Rise was on the fast track to hell, if that was the standard. Her neighbor had trouble with a heavy box, so she reached to help, thinking it might slow her descent into the fiery pit of eternal damnation.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|In my terms, I settled for the realities of life, and submitted to its necessities: if this, then that, and so the years passed. In Adrian's terms, I gave up on life, gave up on examining it, took it as it came. And so, for the first time, I began to feel a more general remorse - a feeling somewhere between self-pity and self-hatred - about my whole life. All of it. I had lost the friends of my youth. I had lost the love of my wife. I had abandoned the ambitions I had entertained. I had wanted life not to bother me too much, and had succeeded - and how pitiful that was.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Future strong strives for simplicity for all:Least amount of individual effort, energy and time to create maximum impact by each person.
Munindra Misra, Chants of Hindu Gods and Godesses in English Rhyme|नमस्तेशरण्येशिवेसानुकम्पे, नमस्तेजगद्व्यापिकेविश्वरूपे।नमस्तेजगद्वन्द्यपादारविन्दे, नमस्तेजगत्तारिणित्राहिदुर्गे॥१॥She the refuge, peaceful and merciful undoubtedly, She pervades over all, is universal form certainly, Her lotus feet worshipped by universe – all Glory, On your appeal “Protect me Durga” saves entirely.- 458 -
Greg Grandin|I was on the snowboard team at my school, but that was the only sports team I was on. I played soccer growing up in elementary school.
Donald Jeffries, The Unreals|The right place; that was what he was looking for. The right place. Place was all important, place meant everything. Take this rock…"Take you, rock," he said. He squinted at it.Ah yes, here we have the nasty big flat rock, sitting doing nothing, just amoral and dull, and it sits like an island in the polluted pool. The pool is a tiny lake on the little island, and the island is in a drowned crater. The crater is a volcanic crater, the volcano forms part of an island in a big inland sea. The inland sea is like a giant lake on a continent and the continent is like an island sitting in the seas of the planet. The planet is like an island on the sea of space within its system, and the system floats within the cluster, which is like an island in the sea of the galaxy, which is like an island in the archipelago of of its local group, which is an island within the universe; the universe is like an island floating in a sea of space in the Continua, and they float like islands in the Reality, and…But down through the Continua, the Universe, the Local Group, the Galaxy, the Cluster, the System, the Planet, the Continent, the Island, the Lake, the Island… the rock remained. AND THAT MEANT THE ROCK, THE CRAPPY AWFUL ROCK HERE WAS THE CENTER OF THE UNIVERSE, THE CONTINUA, THE WHOLE REALITY!
Nadine Gordimer, The Quotable Gordimer; or, The Wit and Wisdom of Nadine Gordimer|Death is really the mystery of life, isn't it?
Angela Carter, Saints and Strangers|Oh, how magical it will be to have winter come every year.
Daniel Willey|Life's true value and meaning can only be known if we speak for the truth, not for our advocacy, but for the truth itself.
Bill Maher, The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass|They soon lost interest in Sofya. She was just one more prisoner -with no more idea of her destination than anyone else. No one asked her name and patronymic; no one remembered her surname. She realized with surprise that although the process of evolution had taken millions of years, these people had needed only a few days to revert to the state of cattle, dirty and unhappy, captive and nameless.
Robin Jarvis, Thomas|When a man is getting better he understands more and more clearly the evil that is still left in him. When a man is getting worse, he understands his own badness less and less.
Steve Stockman|Our mind cannot be without fear and our head cannot be held high when we become slaves to materialistic values , always wondering why my car is not bigger and better than my neighbours car and in that process forget our human values like dignity, humility , integrity and humanity.
Cecelia Ahern, Flawed|If you have to hang a man you could have put on a better trail, you aren't entitled to own a rope.
P.G. Wodehouse, The Man Upstairs and Other Stories|A melancholy-looking man, he had the appearance of one who has searched for the leak in life's gas-pipe with a lighted candle.
Paul Graham|I go and see anything that's visually new, any technology that's about picture-making. The technology won't make the pictures different, but someone using it will.
Alamvusha|Self love is very much required to overcome tremendous pressure set up by the society to have certain things more materialistic and less emotional.The world we live is more fake and less real.People buy stuff to impress others, desperately go in relationsips, do whatever is the so called trend not because it is required but to show everyone that they are indeed a part of this so called made up society.The truth is they're just too scared to be left out.Be okay to be left out, do what makes you happy and not others.Make sure mental happiness is achieved.
Henry David Thoreau|When you're happy you don't always have to be laughing, and when you're sad you don't have to be crying; sometimes it's the opposite. You laugh when you're the most upset.
Billy Collins|I think more influential than Emily Dickinson or Coleridge or Wordsworth on my imagination were Warner Brothers, Merrie Melodies, and Loony Tunes cartoons.
Pamela Glass Kelly, From Inspiration to Publication: How to Succeed as a Children's Writer: Advice from 15 Award Winning Writers|Still, experience has taught me that knowing one's enemy is key to winning any battle.
William Zinsser, On Writing Well: The Classic Guide to Writing Nonfiction|Most writers sow adjectives almost unconsciously into the soil of their prose to make it more lush and pretty, and the sentences become longer and longer as they fill up with stately elms and frisky kittens and hard-bitten detectives and sleepy lagoons. This is adjective-by-habit - a habit you should get rid of. Not every oak has to be gnarled. The adjective that exists solely as a decoration is a self-indulgence for the writer and a burden for the reader.
Tessa Dare, Any Duchess Will Do|So the Bawdy Bluestocking was the proprietress of her own shop, selling lurid novels to ladies in the front and more esoteric fare in the back, from the looks of the shelves around him. He spied Pope and Crabbe, Shakespeare, of course, and names he did not recognize at all. He wondered how she chose her stock and where it came from. She must spend her days in endless research. The thought was unaccountably lovely to him.
Tracy L. Higley, Awakening|She skidded around a corner, slamming her shoulder into the wall and bouncing off of it without slowing. Caleb?Silence. Forty-six meters. A long stretch of hallway. She pushed faster, harder. Twenty meters.She burst into the room in unison with a deafening crash of metal shearing metal.
Darnell Lamont Walker|as an artist, one of the toughest things to do is getting someone to understand why you think the way you think. And as much as i don't wanna care what they think about my thinking, it comes down to making them understand or watching them leave.
M.F. Moonzajer|When life gives you someone very special, you don’t have to dream anymore
Patricia McCormick|It is economic power that determines political power, and governments become the political functionaries of economic power.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|Erotic love, if it is love, has one premise. That I love from the essence of my being—and experience the other person in the essence of his or her being. In essence, all human beings are identical. We are all part of One; we are One.
Chris Hedges, Empire of Illusion: The End of Literacy and the Triumph of Spectacle|What kind of men, then, does our society need? What is the "social character" suited to twentieth century Capitalism? It needs men who co-operate smoothly in large groups; who want to consume more and more, and whose tasks are standardized and can easily be influenced and anticipated. It needs men who feel free and independent, not subject to any authority, or principle, or conscience - yet willing to be commanded, to do what is expected, to fit into the social machine without friction.
Abbi Glines, The Vincent Brothers|She felt that her speech was voicing the incoherency her thoughts, and stopped abruptly.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|When you think and act opposite to love, you find yourself powerless and life becomes a frightening nightmare.
Keely Barton|The more golden the opportunity, the less likely you will see it.
Augusten Burroughs, Dry|I'm lonely. And I'm lonely in some horribly deep way and for a flash of an instant, I can see just how lonely, and how deep this feeling runs. And it scares the shit out of me to be this lonely because it seems catastrophic.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, Collected Poems|When this book is mould,And a book of manyWaiting to be soldFor a casual penny,In a little open case,In a street unclean and cluttered,Where a heavy mud is spatteredFrom the passing drays,Stranger, pause and look;From the dust of agesLift this little book,Turn the tattered pages,Read me, do not let me die!Search the fading letters, findingSteadfast in the broken bindingAll that once was I!
Scott Adams, This is the Part Where You Pretend to Add Value|The key to career advancement is appearing valuable despite all hard evidence to the contrary. … If you add any actual value to your company today, your career is probably not moving in the right direction. Real work is for people at the bottom who plan to stay there.
Wendy Lesser, Why I Read: The Serious Pleasure of Books|I suppose if I had to give a one-word answer to the question of why I read, that word would be pleasure. The kind of pleasure you can get from reading is like no other in the world.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|Maybe, as Mizuko said, we won't even really die, just carry on in the feedback loop we are stuck in. Instead of connecting with new things, widening our worlds, algorithms have shrunk it to a narrow chamber with mirrored walls.
Ellen G. White|What is faith? If you believe something because you have evidence for it, or rational argument, that is not faith. So faith seems to be believing something despite the absence of evidence or rational argument for it.
Graham Greene|Sierra couldn’t afford complications, not in her position, but the way he flirted with her and teased had amped her touch hunger to a deafening roar.
Naoki Higashida, The Reason I Jump: The Inner Voice of a Thirteen-Year-Old Boy with Autism|…if you will quit squirming about and be patient you will see that most things in life, wishes included, do not have immediate results.
Amy Neftzger, The Ferryman|As lines, so loves oblique may well Themselves in every angle greet; But ours so truly parallel, Though infinite, can never meet. Therefore the love which us doth bind, But Fate so enviously debars, Is the conjunction of the mind, And opposition of the stars.
Toni Morrison, Song of Solomon|Till then I wasn't alive, I longed for you like the love sick moon pulls the tide
Gabrielle Hamilton, Blood, Bones, and Butter: The Inadvertent Education of a Reluctant Chef|every session I had no fewer than sixteen girls with “allergies” to dairy and wheat—cheese and bread basically—but also to garlic, eggplant, corn, and nuts. They had cleverly developed “allergies,” I believe, to the foods they had seen their own mothers fearing and loathing as diet fads passed through their homes. I could’ve strangled their mothers for saddling these girls with the idea that food is an enemy—some of them only eight years old and already weird about wanting a piece of bread—and I would’ve liked to bludgeon them, too, for forcing me to participate in their young daughters’ fucked-up relationship with food.
Leopold von Sacher-Masoch|Whatever the cause, I could not meet his sunshine with cloud. If this were my last moment with him, I would not waste it in forced, unnatural distance. I loved him well - too well not to smite out of my path even Jealousy herself, when she would have obstructed a kind farewell. A cordial word from his lips, or a gentle look from his eyes, would do me good, for all the span of life that remained to me; it would be comfort in the last strait of loneliness; I would take it - I would taste the elixir, and pride should not spill the cup.
Sriveena Dhagavkar|I promise, when you always expect the worst, you will not be disappointed.
Adolf Loos|In the mind, in the heart, I was always home. I always imagined, really, going back home.
Ernest Dowson, The Poems and Prose of Ernest Dowson|With so many trees in the city, you could see the spring coming each day until a night of warm wind would bring it suddenly in one morning. Sometimes the heavy cold rains would beat it back so that it would seem that it would never come and that you were losing a season out of your life. This was the only truly sad time in Paris because it was unnatural. You expected to be sad in the fall. Part of you died each year when the leaves fell from the trees and their branches were bare against the wind and the cold, wintry light. But you knew there would always be the spring, as you knew the river would flow again after it was frozen. When the cold rains kept on and killed the spring, it was as though a young person had died for no reason. In those days, though, the spring always came finally but it was frightening that it had nearly failed.
Russel H.S. Stolfi, Hitler: Beyond Evil and Tyranny|Emotions are like passing storms, and you have to remind yourself that it won't rain forever.
Vivienne Westwood|When I was growing up, I thought I'd be a lot happier if I was famous and successful and if I had money.
Carrie Vaughn, Kitty Raises Hell|Now, what does a vampire do with a computer? Keep track of investments? Send e-mail to other vampires as you all plot to take over the world?” “I spend a lot of time on Wikipedia making corrections to the entries of historical figures I’ve known.” I blinked at him. “Really?” “No, Kitty. That was a joke.
Kip Tindell|We must practice consistent, reliable, predictable, effective, thoughtful, compassionate and even courteous communication every single day to successfully sustain, develop and grow our business.
Gail Caldwell, Let's Take the Long Way Home: A Memoir of Friendship|Death straps me to the hospital bed, claws its way onto my chest and sits there.I didn't know it would hurt this much. I didn't know that everything good that's ever happened in my life would be emptied out by it.
Kenneth Grahame, The Wind in the Willows|Here today, up and off to somewhere else tomorrow! Travel, change, interest, excitement! The whole world before you, and a horizon that's always changing!
Anonymous, The Bhagavad Gita|The nonpermanent appearance of happiness and distress, and their disappearance in due course, are like the appearance and disappearance of winter and summer seasons.They arise from sense perception,and one must learn to tolerate them without being disturbed.
Ryan Leonard|...We claim the present as the pre-sent, as the hereafter. We are unraveling our navels so that we may ingest the sun. We are not afraid of the darkness, we trust that the moon shall guide us.We are determining the future at this very moment. We now know that the heart is the philosophers' stone. Our music is our alchemy. We stand as the manifested equivalent of 3 buckets of water and a hand full of minerals, thus realizing that those very buckets turned upside down supply the percussion factor of forever...
Erich Fromm, To Have or to Be? The Nature of the Psyche|But a map is not enough as a guide for action; we also need a goal that tells us where to go. Animals have no such problems. Their instincts provide them with a map as well as with goals. But lacking instinctive determination and having a brain that permits us to think of many directions in which we can go, we need an object of total devotion, a focal point for all our strivings and the basis for all our effective - not only our proclaimed - values. We need such an object of devotion in order to integrate our energies in one direction, to transcend our isolated existence, with all its doubts and insecurities, and to answer our need for a meaning of life.
Gong Li|My rule of writing is that no one can do what you can do, so jealousy or competitiveness are pointless. I am always happy when one of my sisters has a book published that I get to read.
Steve Nash|All I'm saying is, is God the god who we look to for comfort during tragedies? Is he the god who can control all those things, or is he the god that we don't even trust with our daily lives... As long as there's prayer and exams, as long as there's games, there will be prayers.
Rafael Cruz|A superfluity of wealth, and a train of domestic slaves, naturally banish a sense of general liberty, and nourish the seeds of that kind of independence that usually terminates in aristocracy.
Tanmaya Guru|I myself not dwells, the only people are dwells in underlying aim of my each work.
Marcus Buckingham|Women have seldom sufficient employment to silence their feelings; a round of little cares, or vain pursuits frittering away all strength of mind and organs, they become naturally only objects of sense.
Barbara Boxer|He who sees the truth, let him proclaim it, without asking who is for it or who is against it.
Henri Michaux, Miserable Miracle|On the edge of a tropical ocean, in a thousand reflections of the silver light of an invisible moon, among undulations of restless waters, ceaselessly changing...Among silent breakers, the tremors of the shining surface, in the swift flux and reflux martyrizing the patches of light, in the rendings of luminous loops and arcs, and lines, in the occultations and reappearances of dancing bursts of light being decomposed, recomposed, contracted, spread out, only to be re-distributed once more before me, with me, within me, drowned, and unendurably buffeted, my calm violated a thousand times by the tongues of infinity, oscillating, sinusoidally overrun by the multitude of liquid lines. enormous with a thousand folds, I was and I was not, I was caught, I was lost, I was in a state of complete ubiquity. The thousands upon thousands of rustlings were my own thousand shatterings.
Wallace Stevens|Death is the mother of beauty. Only the perishable can be beautiful, which is why we are unmoved by artificial flowers.
Anupam Kher|I wasn't a ballet baby. My first dance class was in an outdoor pavilion when I was three. It was called 'creative movement.' The teacher gave us chiffon scarves in beautiful colors. She turned on some music and said, 'Now go dance.' So for me, dance has always been about self-expression.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Why is it," he said, one time, at the subway entrance, "I feel I've known you so many years?""Because I like you," she said, "and I don't want anything from you.
Ray Bradbury, Zen and the Art of Writing and the Joy of Writing: Two Essays|The entire history of mankind is problem solving, or science fiction swallowing ideas, digesting them, and excreting formulas for survival. You can't have one without the other. No fantasy, no reality. No studies concerning loss, no gain. No imagination, no will. No impossible dreams: No possible solutions.
Joe Hill, Horns|I see God now as an unimaginative writer of popular fictions, someone who builds stories around sadistic and graceless plots, narratives that exist only to express His terror of a woman's power to choose who and how to love, to redefine love as she sees fit, not as God thinks it ought to be. The author is unworthy of His own characters.
Gary Lineker|I started writing because there's an absence of things I was familiar with or that I dreamed about. One of my senses of anger is related to this vacancy - a yearning I had as a teenager... and when I get ready to write, I think I'm trying to fill that.
Karl Wiggins, Dogshit Saved My Life|My own fault. The equipment had safeties but your primary piece of protective equipment was your brain. There was a presumption that anyone entering this room was intelligent enough to keep away from hot things, sharp things, and things carrying large stores of momentum.
Winifred Gallagher|Among these temperamentally unhappy campers are "reactant" personalities, who focus on what they often wrongly perceive as others' attempts to control them. In one experiment, some of these touchy individuals were asked to think of two people they knew: a bossy sort who advocated hard work and a mellow type who preached la dolce vita. Then, one of the names was flashed before the subjects too briefly to register in their conscious awareness. Next, the subjects were given a task to perform. Those who had been exposed to the hard-driving name performed markedly worse than those exposed to the easygoing name. Even this weak, subliminal attention to an emotional cue that suggested control was enough to get their reactant backs up and cause them to act to their own disadvantage. All relationships involve give-and-take and cooperation, so a person who habitually attends to ordinary requests or suggestions like a bull to a red flag is in for big trouble in both home and workplace.
T.J. Loveless, Lucky Number Six|A flicker of someone else’s memory came to Simon and he picked up Excalibur from where he had dropped it. Carefully, he laid Excalibur on Arthur’s chest. A smile crossed the king’s pasty face as he closed his grazed hands around the sword’s hilt. The touch of something so familiar seemed to give Arthur cause to close his eyes and after a final, relieved breath left his lips, he died.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Tension, in the long run, is a more dangerous force than any feud known to man.
Rousas John Rushdoony, Exodus: Commentaries on the Pentateuch|Perhaps worse still is what liberal societies might do to themselves in the face of this new and different threat [of terrorism]. They begin, by small but dangerous increments, to cease to be as liberal as they once were. They begin to restrict their own hard-won rights and freedoms as a protection against the crminial minority who attempt (and as we thus see, by forcing liberty to commit suidcide, succed in doing) to terrorise society.
David  Holdsworth|Sometimes we are fixed on an image of Christ in a stable born, but he is not there anymore. Sometimes we are fixed on an image of Christ on a cross dying, but he is not there anymore. Sometimes we are fixed on an image of Christ at an empty tomb, but he is not there anymore. He has ascended and is seated at the right hand of God and is coming again! All parts of the story are important, but this final part is often over looked. Let's not get stuck in a spiritual moment, but make progress instead. Look to Him as He is.
Anatole France, Works of Anatole France|To accomplish great things we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.(From an introductory speech at a session of the Académie Française, December 24, 1896)
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|And so Rebecca consigned herself to, not ignorance, but a judicious incuriosity: she decided, for the time being, to live with the constant, cryptic reminders that the scope of another person's soul could never be fully surveyed.
Banana Yoshimoto, Goodbye Tsugumi|No matter where you are, you're always a bit on your own, always an outsider.
K.M. Shea, Heart of Ice|Fear is acceptable, as long as I don't allow it to cripple me...
Jonathan Kuiper, Running with Vince|You can think of your body in two ways: 1. As mechanical, like an automobile worth only so many miles or 2. As a living breathing energetic vessel manifested from spirit. Either way will greatly effect the length and quality of your life. Choose wisely.
Martha Char Love, Increasing Intuitional Intelligence: How the Awareness of Instinctual Gut Feelings Fosters Human Learning, Intuition, and Longevity|The real functional "machinery" of the brain, for Edelman, consists of millions of neuronal groups, organized into larger units or "maps". These maps, continually conversing in everchanging, unimaginably complex, but always meaningful patterns, may change in minutes or seconds. One is reminded of C. S. Sherrington's poetic evocation of the brain as "an enchanted loom", where "millions of flashing shuttles weave a dissolving pattern, always a meaningful pattern though never an abiding one; a shifting harmony of subpatterns".
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|I think there is a process where all our consciousness goes in circles if you like from one body to the other or it goes into another dimension where your next life begins and you keep moving up dimensions like a ladder through the universe or whatever. There so many different possibilities.- If we ask, where will the human conciousness goes when they dies?But Isnt that the greatest question in the world I would love to know as Peter Pan once said "to die would be an awfully big adventure", but realy i don't know because I'm not dead yet, you know it can be one with the universal consciousness. we are one consciousness manifested in different forms.
Tim Crouch|The novelist must look on humanity without partiality or prejudice. His sympathy, like that of the historian, must be unbounded, and untainted by sect or party.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Oh, brothers! I don't care for brothers. My elder brother won't die, and my younger brothers seem never to do anything else.
Isobel Irons, Promiscuous|What we have...is something most folks wait a lifetime for, and only touch for a heartbeat. They let go too quickly, or they're too scared to hold on, or they never see what's right in front of them. But we're going to hold on as tight as we can." - Jonah Walker
Bette Davis|Just watch any husband arguing with his wife about something insignificant; listen to what they say and watch how their residual emotions manifest when the fight is over. It’s so formulaic and unsurprising that you wouldn’t dare re-create it in a movie. All the critics would mock it. They’d all say the screenwriter was a hack who didn’t even try. This is why movies have less value than we like to pretend — movies can’t show reality, because honest depictions of reality offend intelligent people.
Osamu Tezuka, Ode to Kirihito|Humans are allergic to change. They love to say, 'We've always done it this way.' I try to fight that. That's why I have a clock on my wall that runs counter-clockwise.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|This was the trouble with families. Like invidious doctors, they knew just where it hurt.
Tara Estacaan|As a kid. I insisted I could see what I couldn't. And my lone hope was my belief that what I couldn't see still existed somewhere. And I now feel like throwing that past away and taking one step foward. ..But I really don't know where I'm now headed, and that makes me anxious.
Nicholas Trandahl|Been Contented goes beyond our material wants; contentment sets us free from the illusion of having more or “Better things”, or expecting “better times" it sets us free from the illusion that somehow things should be different.
Graham Hancock|I am convinced that the way forward for the human race is to recognize and protect the fundamental right of sovereignty over consciousness, to throw off the chains of our divisive religious heritage, to seek out forms of spirituality (or no spirituality at all if we so prefer) that are truly supportive of liberty and tolerance, to help the human spirit to grow rather than to wither, and to nurture our innate capacity for love and mutual respect. The old ways are broken and bankrupt and new ways are struggling to be born. Each one of us with our own talents, and by our own choices, has a part to play in that process.
Meg Jay, The Defining Decade: Why Your Twenties Matter--And How to Make the Most of Them Now|The more you use your brain, the more brain you will have to use. "—George A. Dorsey, anthropologist
Neville Chamberlain|One cannot wage war under present conditions without the support of public opinion, which is tremendously molded by the press and other forms of propaganda.
Dorothy Allison, Trash: Stories|With love like that, you can't get pick about how it finds you or the details. All that matters is that it's there. Better late than never.
Guy Gavriel Kay, Tigana|[We let] the universality of fantasy, of once upon a time, allow escapist fiction to be more than just that - to also bring us home.
Ava Dellaira, Love Letters to the Dead|But always remember, I am watching your every move and will be with all of you until the end of all things. Do not let your heart be troubled with the turmoil of the future. Be sure of one thing: the future is already written in the hidden stones of the hearts of those who said ‘yes.
Sengcan, Hsin Hsin Ming|When thought is in bondage the truth is hidden, for everything is murky and unclear, and the burdensome practice of judging brings annoyance and weariness. What benefit can be derived from distinctions and separations?
Dave Pelzer|Being angry, resentful, or saddened by rejection can suck the sweetness out of acceptance.
M.H. Rakib|The strenuousness is when,you have to be with and to bear those people who give more importance to the credence over reality.
Debasish Mridha|We are always fascinated with the past, but the future is always brighter.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|What I find predictable is crazy people's ability to predict that unpredictable people can be predicted by their consistent unpredictable behavior, thus making all crazy people predictable when the world says they are unpredictable. Therefore, I must be “right” because I can predict crazy because I have been trained in the unpredictable nature of consistent craziness because I am crazy.
Judith McNaught, Paradise|I'm thinking that it will be autumn soon," she said, lifting her gaze to his. "Autumn is my absolute favorite season. Spring is overrated. It's soggy and the trees are still bare from winter. Winter drags on and on, and summer is nice, but it's all the same. Autumn is different. I mean, is there any perfume in the world that can compare with the smell of burning leaves?" she asked with an engaging smile. Matt thought she smelled a hell of a lot better than burning leaves, but he let her continue. "Autumn —is thexincgitsinagrechanging. It's like dusk." "Dusk?""Dusk is my favorite time of day, for the same reason. When I was young, I used to walk down our driveway at dusk in the summer and stand at the fence, watching all the cars going by with their headlights on. Everyone had a place to go, something to do. The night was just beginning ..." She trailed off in embarrassment. "That must sound incredibly silly.""It sounds incredibly lonely.
Stefan Emunds, Genesis|Try to imagine this formless, liquid abyss of many waters and surfaces. With and within this awesome, abysmal substance, God Mother creates universes. We are made from this stuff, literally! And we literally live, move, and have our being in this fathomless, multi-dimensional matrix.
Melina Marchetta, Froi of the Exiles|Mercy', Finnikin said, grinning from ear to ear. 'We're going to have a bed full of children and I'll have to holler out to my wife, "Hello there! It's been a long time since we last spoke!
Mai Al-Nakib, The Hidden Light of Objects|Meredith was good, so incredibly good, and Charles had fallen, without fireworks, for that goodness. But goodness did not transfer. Being with someone good does not make you good. This it would take years for Charles to comprehend.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|…our recollections bring out our joyful smiles, but hardly make us chortle or guffaw; our recollections often leave imprints on our faces that show our regrets, but they hardly produce sounds that echo the depth of those regrets.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|Because of that she had never had enough energy to be herself, a person who, like everyone else in the world, needed other people in order to be happy. But other people were so difficult. They reacted in unpredictable ways, they surrounded themselves with defensive walls, they behaved just as she did, pretending they didn't care about anything. When someone more open to life appeared, they either rejected them outright or made them suffer, consigning them to being inferior, ingenuous.
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi|The education profession cannot bear but success. Failing in it is just a proof of poor visions, or lack of educational efficiencies. Both should be excluded from the educational work that should be protected from any barrier that would block its way, and would deprive the generation from getting the overall upbringing that should build a solid relationship between the students and knowledge.
Mitch Landrieu|There are lots of people depending on the government who are good, honest citizens who have worked all their lives.
D.L. Hess, Sir: The Awakening|I like to be in charge. I like to guide my bedmate, push her to her limits, expand her horizons. My pleasure comes from the power she gives me to decide how to bring her pleasure. My pleasure comes from the trust she gives me to show her what her body is capable of if she… just…lets…go…
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|The Bible has been through at least half a dozen translations by the time you read it. Plus, when the word of God is infected by the hand of man, that is, written down, it is tainted.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|No struggle, no success! The strongest thunder strikes often bring the heaviest rainfall! The weight of your fulfillment depends on how wide you cast your nets!
Leah Spiegel, Foolish Games|Tell me what I can do to help you feel better."Well...I always like when you kiss me..."Do you?"You're good at it. "Well, that's lucky. Because I'll always be kissing you.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|If a God tends to reinforce the prejudices in a society instead of diminishing them from the society, then such God is worse than Cancer.
Charlotte Armstrong|A truth is what it is. A lie, a thought out deception more brutal than a truth could ever be.
Kaley Cuoco|Scientists habitually moan that the public doesn't understand them. But they complain too much: public ignorance isn't peculiar to science. It's sad if some citizens can't tell a proton from a protein. But it's equally sad if they're ignorant of their nation's history, can't speak a second language, or can't find Venezuela or Syria on a map.
bell hooks, Art on My Mind: Visual Politics|We need to theorize the meaning of beauty in our lives so that we can educate for critical consciousness, talking through the issues: how we acquire and spend money, how we feel about beauty, what the place of beauty is in our lives when we lack material privilege and even basic resources for living, the meaning and significance of luxury, and the politics of envy.
Haruni Machumu, Why Students are Punished in Schools: Missing Learning Link|Play is the highest expression of human development in childhood, for it alone is the free expression of what is in a child’s soul,
Craig Lancaster, The Fallow Season of Hugo Hunter|Nought’s had, all’s spent, where our desire is got without content.
Mr. T|The Depression was remarkable because you had nothing, and the salaries, when you got a job, were very small. But you could do anything. You see, a donut was ten cents. A cup of coffee was a nickel. That was lunch, with an apple. And I would be playing a lead on a Broadway show on that kind of diet.
Queen Elizabeth II|I have a very good family. I'm very fortunate to have a very good family. I believe very strongly in the family. It's one of the things we have in our platform, is to talk about it.
Dick Gregory|In a business, you've got to move on.
Jerry Stahl, Permanent Midnight|To me, God is like this happy bus driver.
Shannon Cutts, Beating Ana: How to Outsmart Your Eating Disorder and Take Your Life Back|Recovery itself is a very un-glamorous daily process of being willing to fall down again, to break again, to cry again, to get up and try yet again until ‘success’ manifests as ever-greater sustained healing.
George Amos Dorsey, Why We Behave like Human Beings|A gold tooth is to some blacks, what braces are to all whites.
Bruce Barton|There's no reason that we need to be counting things and adding things up in order to sit down and eat a meal. I enjoy eating so much; I don't want to do match every time I eat. I guarantee you, maybe your diet soda has no calories, but it's still poison. We have to think about what are we putting in our mouths.
Jun'ichirō Tanizaki, In Praise of Shadows|We Orientals tend to seek our satisfactions in whatever surroundings we happen to find ourselves, to content ourselves with things as they are; and so darkness causes us no discontent, we resign ourselves to it as inevitable. If light is scarce, then light is scarce; we will immerse ourselves in the darkness and there discover its own particular beauty. But the progressive Westerner is determined always to better his lot. From candle to oil lamp, oil lamp to gaslight, gaslight to electric light—his quest for a brighter light never ceases, he spares no pains to eradicate even the minutest shadow.
R.J. Palacio|Wisdom teaches you when to use your discretion- with whom, what, and when to share your feelings and discernments...
Peter J. Tanous, The Secret of Fatima|Well, they've come a long way. To think that he now could access a secret document held in the Vatican archives, via electronic technology.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Many a time, we live life without having access to the thoughts of how the hours of yesterday were spent. This comes to play because of lack of self-analysis and does not help in any way to create the excellence we claim to pursue.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|They blossomed, they did not talk about blossoming.
Lisa Shearin, Armed & Magical|I hope you're not smoking in front of her,' Lucia says to him.'Yeah, I lie in bed and puff in her face, Lucia,' he says, irritated.
LaShawnda Jones|Women need to learn to accept the incredible blessing that God created us to be. When God created Eve, He termed her a comparable mate, a helper to man. When God took Jesus, He gave us the Holy Spirit as a Helper and Comforter. The lie is: people think a helper is weak. The truth is: without help, what can anyone accomplish?There is indeed great power in who we are as women. We indeed need to let go of the lies. We also need to embrace the truth.
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|They didn't know why these things were funny. Sometimes you laugh because you've got no more room for crying. Sometimes you laugh because table manners on a beach are funny. And sometimes you laugh because you're alive, when you really shouldn't be.
Robert Frost|But first, on earth as vampire sent,Thy corse shall from its tomb be rent,Then ghastly haunt thy native place,And suck the blood of all thy race.There from thy daughter, sister, wife,At midnight drain the stream of life,Yet loathe the banquet which perforceMust feed thy livid living corse.Thy victims ere they yet expireShall know the demon for their sire,As cursing thee, thou cursing them,Thy flowers are withered on the stem.
Joshua Bell|I always have loved the Stradivarius. My teacher, Josef Gingold, he had a Stradivarius. As a treat, he would put it under my chin and let me play a few notes, and I remember that feeling of the overtones, the complexity of the sound. It's like a great wine.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|I won’t forget it,” I said. “I hope you meet someone perfect one day.”“Ha…yeah, that’s just it. I think I already did.” As we opened our doors to step out, he touched my arm. “Just to be clear, if I, like, leaned over and whispered your name in your ear, still nothing?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Until a man begins to read, then He will discover himself.
Debasish Mridha|Kindness is soft and humble like water, but it is the ultimate power of life.
Patricia Briggs, Silver Borne|Why is it that all cars are women?" he asked. "Because they're fussy and demanding," answered Zee. "Because if they were men, they'd sit around and complain instead of getting the job done," I told him.
Charlie "Tremendous" Jones|Remember, you are the same today as you will be in five years, except for two things: the people you meet and the books you read. Choose both carefully.
Shannon L. Alder|It doesn't matter who said it, as long as it changed you.
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|Maybe the word forgive points in the wrong direction, since it's something you mostly give yourself, not anyone else: you put down the ugly weight of old suffering, untie yourself from the awful, and walk away from it.
Criss Jami|Generally it appears the case that, when faced with all life's problems, the baby, he wants to cry about everything, the child wants to question everything, the teenager wants to rebel against everything, the young adult wants to solve everything, the middle-aged adult wants to protect everything, and the elder wants to accept everything.
Kazuo Ishiguro, When We Were Orphans|Perhaps one day, all these conflicts will end, and it won't be because of great statesmen or churches or organisations like this one. It'll be because people have changed. They'll be like you, Puffin. More a mixture. So why not become a mongrel? It's healthy.
Paris Hilton|It's a funny thing, the less people have to live for, the less nerve they have to risk losing nothing.
Marlene Perez, Dead Is the New Black|We write "I love you" on the mouth by the kisses that touch it. (On écrit "je t'aime" sur bouche - Par les bisous qui la touchent.)
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Denial is a seductive ruse of our own making, force-fitting our agendas by forcing out truth all because we bent to fear rather than bowed to God.
irynka|i want the moon tattooed on my wristsmy grandmother keeps asking me to pray, i don’t have the heart to tell her that mypoems are the only God i have left in memy mother keeps leaving without saying goodbyei wish she’d let me cut my hair in the 7th grade,maybe i’d know how to deal with loss by nowi told myself i’d stop kissing boys who didn’t know my namei said, i’d stop picking at my bones like broken decorations,i’d quit with the smoking and the drunken poems, and when i said things like “my bones are heavy” i would only mean itas a good thingheavy bones can’t be broken,you can’t break heavy bones
J.M.  Richards, Tall, Dark Streak of Lightning|If he can’t handle it, then you aren’t very good friends, are you?
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|I want to kiss my brother for being so tactful. Rabbit looks grateful as well, and I can only imagine what it would be like to trot out your embarrassing 'enjo kosai' problem in front of your sister, your former love-interest of a couple of weeks, and her two siblings.
Shamash Alidina|Just as someone obsessed with becoming a millionaire focuses on gaining riches and can miss out on living a fun, balanced life, so someone obsessed with being enlightened or being totally free of all difficulties can also miss out on life. Far healthier to just live a mindful, balanced life and fully participate in what life has to offer.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|The world, we are told, was made especially for man — a presumption not supported by all the facts.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|Because I was alone, however, even the mundane seemed charged with meaning. The ice looked colder and more mysterious, the sky a cleaner shade of blue. The unnamed peaks towering over the glacier were bigger and comelier and infinitely more menacing than they would have been were I in the company of another person. And my emotions were similarly amplified: The highs were higher; the periods of despair were deeper and darker. To a self-possessed young man inebriated with the unfolding drama of his own life, all of this held enormous appeal.
Gabe Newell|So I was getting into my car, and this bloke says to me 'Can you give me a lift?' I said 'Sure, you look great, the world's your oyster, go for it.'
Terence McKenna|Schizophrenia is just a catch-all term for forms of mental behaviour that we don’t understand. In the nineteenth century there was a term, melancholia, which we would now call bipolar depression… but all forms of sadness, unhappiness, maladaptation, were poured into this label melancholia… Now, schizophrenia is a similar thing… A book about schizophrenia [says that] the typical schizophrenic lives in a world of twilight imagining. Marginal to his society, incapable of holding a regular job, these people live on the fringes content to drift in their own self-created value system. I said, that’s it! That’s it! Now I understand!
F.D.  Lee, The Fairy's Tale|How can we learn the value of saying no, if we didn’t occasionally say yes?
Carrie Fisher, Postcards from the Edge|While she'd been drying her hair, she'd come up with a new message for her answering machine - "I'm out, deliberately avoiding your call" - and that simple burst of creativity had raised her spirits a bit.
Dean Smith|It was as if someone had taken a tiny bead of pure life and decking it as lightly as possible with down and feathers, had set it dancing and zigzagging to show us the true nature of life.
Enock Maregesi|Write as much as you can. Read as much as you can. Use the library and the internet carefully for research and talk to people about things that matter. If you have an idea in your head talk it to people as a normal conversation, to get their natural opinions. And don’t forget to jot down discreetly any new ideas you get from people. God may use other people to convey messages to you, that may add more information to the ideas you already have.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|Suffering, then, is the badge of true discipleship. The disciple is not above his master. Following Christ means passio passiva, suffering because we have to suffer.
Angela Snyder, Vampire Next Door|Some Prologue really makes you speechless and you started imagining the whole story and want to read it as soon as possible. One such prologue, which I read today was from "Me "N" Her.. A strange feeling by Rikky Bhartia..."By Himani Gupta
Peter Coyote|I think 'North by Northwest' and 'Rope' and Rear Window' and 'Psycho' are on my list of favorite all time movies. I just think his kind of command as a director was almost unparalleled, and I feel like in certain ways the sort of character-based thriller owes more to Hitchcock than anyone.
Jordin Sparks|I don't mean this in a stuck-up way, but I needed an attitude song.
Lindsay J. Pryor, Blood Shadows|...I don't know what marriages are like on your plane. I know Fae marriages can be all about respect and treating your wife like a lady. That's crap, love. You're my wife. I'm going to do all sorts of filthy things to you because you belong to me. You're my little toy. I'm going to fuck you as often as I can and in as many ways as my filthy mind can come up with. That's a strong marriage.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Peter preached about [the blood]. Paul wrote about it, and the redeemed in heaven sing about it. In a sense, the New Testament is the Book of the Blood.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Ready am I to go, and my eagerness with sails full set awaits the wind.Only another breath will I breathe in this still air, only another loving look cast backward,
L.N. Cronk, Chop, Chop|Chrystle? I'm back!" I refused to say that I was home because Cassie was my home. But I'd lost that, and her, forever, so I'd never truly be home again.
Ignatius of Antioch|Innovations that are guided by smallholder farmers, adapted to local circumstances, and sustainable for the economy and environment will be necessary to ensure food security in the future.
Christopher Dines, The Kindness Habit: Transforming our Relationship to Addictive Behaviours|Isms’ are described as transference of addictive patterns of dysfunctional behaviour, passed down from generation to generation. For instance, if a mother was an alcoholic who never made it into recovery, her behaviour would leave a mark on her children, husband, etc. Unless her adult children join some sort of recovery programme and adopt the mindfulness practice, they will have very similar behaviour traits to their mother but minus the alcohol abuse. There is a strong possibility that they will become codependent and form relationships with other codependents or alcoholics.
Phillip Noyce|I'm not changing because I'm part of a hit. People around me have changed in their attitude toward me, but I haven't changed. And I won't.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|Mr. Heathcliff, you have nobody to love you; and, however miserable you make us, we shall still have the revenge of thinking that your cruelty rises from your greater misery! You are miseable, are you not? Lonely, like the devil, and envious like him? Nobody loves you - nobody will cry for you, when you die! I wouldnt't be you!
Rachel Caine, Glass Houses|Damn, Claire. Warn a guy before you do a face-plant on the floor next time. I could have looked all heroic and caught you or something -Shane
Joan Bauer|My confessions did nothing to alter this situation, but for the first time in my life I felt that somebody actually knew me. Three somebodies, to be exact. Two were roaming the highway in a Cadillac, doing God knows what with a CB radio, but the other was as close to me as my own skin, and I could now feel the undiluted pleasure of her company.
D.G. Driver|Now tell me what you’re afraid of.”“Uncle Nathan is right about this tree. It’s got some kind of spirit in it. And it doesn’t want me to leave.” I saw my dad smile and shake his head. “I’m serious, Dad. You can’t send those guys up here again. The tree will try to kill them before it lets them take me down. Didn’t you see it happen?”“I saw a couple of accidents…”“And Ronnie fell yesterday, but somehow I’m able to be up in this tree no problem. I got up here without any ropes or ladders. Don’t you find that mysterious? Uncle Nathan doesn’t. Grandfather doesn’t.”“They are both superstitious, that’s all.”“I know,” I said. “And what about that, Dad? You’ve spouted all your legends and myths at me my whole life, and now you suddenly don’t care about them? That doesn’t make any sense.”He sighed so deeply I could hear it. “I study those legends to get to know our culture, our heritage. I don’t believe that they are literal truths.”“But what about the mermaids?” I pressed. “Remember the big story you told about the singing boat and the killer whale? It was you who told me that maybe the story was wrong and it wasn’t a singing boat; it was a mermaid under the boat.”“I remember, but I had a real mermaid staring me in the face at the time. There isn’t anything like that going on right now.”“I hear whispers coming from the tree. It moves on its own. It is warmer than it should be…”“You’ve been up there too long. You’re delirious.”I grunted at him. “It started before I climbed up!”Dad rubbed a hand over his face. “I don’t know what you want me to do here.”I turned on the camera and flipped the digital pictures until I found that one with the face. I stuck it in the bucket and lowered it down to my dad and told him to take a look.“Is that as good as a mermaid right in front of you?”He studied the picture a moment and then replied, “I always see faces in the knots of trees. Who doesn’t? I think that’s why so many people create horror stories about them.
Winston S. Churchill|If you go on with this nuclear arms race, all you are going to do is make the rubble bounce.
Euginia Herlihy|Positive thinking can move mountains, fill up valleys and it can make dry bones to become alive again.
Rupi Kaur|It is shallow people who think beauty is frivolous or excessive. If you are bringing beauty and god, you are enriching the country. Rice feeds the body, books feed the mind, beauty feeds the soul. It is one thing I can really be proud of and stand tall in the world.
Krishna Saagar|Ten years from now, no one is going to care how quickly the books came out. The only thing that will matter, the only thing anyone will remember, is how good they were. That's my main concern, and always will be.
Michael Hogan, Winter Solstice|Most stories are not about peoplebut about life, an addiction like the rest of themthat destroys you even as you love it,but you love it anyway and can never get enough.
Terry Pratchett, Interesting Times: The Play|Good so be would you if, duff plum of helping second A," said the Bursar.  The table fell silent. "Did anyone understand that?" said Ridcully. The Bursar was not technically insane. He had passed through the rapids of insanity som time previously, and was now sculling around in some peaceful pool on the other side. He was quite often coherent, although not by normal human standards.
Debasish Mridha|When the mind is peaceful, hearts will bloom with love.
Myles Munroe, understanding your potential discovering the hidden you|People generally fall into one of three groups: the few who make things happen, the many who watch things happen, and the overwhelming majority who have no notion of what happens. Every person is either a creator of fact or a creature of circumstance. He either puts color into his environment, or, like a chameleon, takes color from his environment.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|Stand here, he thought, and count the lighted windows of a city. You cannot do it. But behind each yellow rectangle that climbs, one over another, to the sky - under each bulb - down to there, see that spark over the river which is not a star? - there are people whom you will never see and who are your masters. At the supper tables, in the drawing rooms, in their beds and in their cellars, in their studies and in their bathrooms. Speeding in the subways under your feet. Crawling up in elevators through vertical cracks around you. Jolting past you in every bus. Your masters, Gail Wynand. There is a net - longer than the cables that coil through the walls of this city, larger than the mesh of pipes that carry water, gas and refuse - there is another hidden net around you; it is strapped to you, and the wires lead to every hand in the city. They jerked the wires and you moved. You were a ruler of men. You held a leash. A leash is only a rope with a noose at both ends.
Joe McNally, The Moment It Clicks: Photography Secrets from One of the World's Top Shooters|We regard the photograph, the picture on our wall, as the object itself (the man, landscape, and so on) depicted there. This need not have been so. We could easily imagine people who did not have this relation to such pictures. Who, for example, would be repelled by photographs, because a face without color and even perhaps a face in reduced proportions struck them as inhuman.
Fran Wilde, Updraft|On a morning like this, fear is a blue sky emptied of birds.
Rachel Cohn, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist|Prisons are the temples where devils learn to prey. Every time we turn the key we twist the knife of fate, because every time we cage a man we close him in with hate.
Gary Oldman|Too often, older women are seen as victims, but I know lots of formidable women who have marvellous jobs as well as a full erotic life, and children and friends and family.
Malcolm "CUDA" Clinton|Have Fun, Be Safe, and Always Have FAITH
Nobuhiro Watsuki|The dead don't desire revenge, but the happiness of the livng. To dirty your small hands would bring joy to no one.-Kenshin to Eiji
David Seabury|In order to figure this artmaking stuff out, it's trial and error and experimentation, and takes some time and hard thinking. Putting work out in many forms and stages is an extension of how I see things. I feel the art process is best served when it invites comments and constructive criticism from people.
Edmund Burke|Woman is not made to be the admiration of all, but the happiness of one.
Richard Florida|Over time, this growing tendency of like marrying like will only reinforce clustering and geographic sorting along class lines, giving the emerging map of social, economic, and cultural segregation even greater permanence.
Compton Gage|The more thou search, the more thou shall marvel; for the world hast fast to pass away-
April Bryan|You can keep pondering on which thing to do first or which path to take or by simply taking action now of most any kind, you may just find yourself on the way to where you most needed to go.
J.B. Priestley|The chief trouble with religion has been too much dependence upon names or words. People fail to discriminate. They do not think. Generally people who think for themselves, instead of thinking according to the rules laid down by others, are considered unfaithful to the established order. In that respect I, too, differ with the established order and established designations.
Nicholas Sparks, A Walk to Remember|She looked exactly like an angel. I know my jaw dropped a little, and I just stood there looking at her for what seemed like a long time, shocked into silence, until I suddenly remembered that I had a line I had to deliver. I took a deep breath, then slowly let it out. "You're beautiful," I finally said to her, and I think everyone in the whole auditorium, from the blue-haired ladies in the front to my friends in the back row, knew that I actually meant it. I'd nailed that line for the very first time.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|I dreamed I was buying new shoes last night," said Ron. "What d'ya think that's gonna mean?""Probably that you're going to be eaten by a giant marshmallow or something," said Harry.
Pratibha Patil|In the end, we know what makes us happy. We also know what makes us unhappy. That's the irony. We know and yet we still mess it up. That's part of the human condition, no, and why we need to work on it.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow|...you seemed to be listening to me, not to find out useful information, but to try to catch me in a logical fallacy. This tells us all that you are used to being smarter than your teachers, and that you listen to them in order to catch them making mistakes and prove how smart you are to the other students. This is such a pointless, stupid way of listening to teachers that it is clear you are going to waste months of our time before you finally catch on that the only transaction that matters is a transfer of useful information from adults who possess it to children who do not, and that catching mistakes is a criminal misuse of time.
Brandon Mull, The Candy Shop War|It is important and right that all privileges of the law be ours, but it is vastly more important that we be prepared for the exercise of those privileges.
Wendell Berry, The Mad Farmer Poems|Dance,' they told me, and I stood still,and while I stood quiet in line at the gate of the Kingdom, I danced.'Pray,' they said, and I laughed,covering myself in the earth's brightnesses,and then stole off gray into the midst of a revel,and prayed like an orphan.
Thor Heyerdahl|Some people believe in Fate, others don't. I do, and I don't.It may seem at times as if invisible fingers move us above like puppets on strings. But for sure, we are notborn to be dragged along. We can grab the strings ourselves and adjust our course at every crossroad, or take off at any little trail into the unknown.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Fate|Home is people. Not a place. If you go back there after the people are gone, then all you can see is what is not there any more.
Thomas Sowell, Black Rednecks and White Liberals|The being who patiently endures injustice, and silently bears insults, will soon become unjust, or unable to discern right from wrong.
Lee  Goff, A Rage Like Thunder|I always felt as if I'd been handed a cardboard box crammed full of monkeys. I'd take the monkeys out of the box one at a time, carefully brush off the dust, give them a pat on the bottom, and send them scurrying off into the fields. I never knew where they went from there.
Daniel Goleman|Lawyers, I suppose, were children once.
Niecy Nash|In improv, the whole thing is that it is a relationship between the two people, as a back and forth. In standup, you don't really want to be listening to what somebody is saying; you want to project your jokes into their face. And that's really not a good instinct with a 'Daily Show' field piece, where it's supposed to be an interview.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Through transcendence of duality, we foster greater unity in our lives, which brings about inner peace and the sprouting of unconditional LOVE.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Sometimes life knocks you on your ass... get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.
Kemi Sogunle|Without forgiveness and love, you will live with resentment, bitterness, malice and strife which result in more pain. You can never love without forgiving. Forgiveness deepens your ability to love and frees you from pain.
Marnie Kay, Belief Is the New Black: Unlock Your True Potential by Discovering the Power of Belief|When someone doesn't want to change then there is nothing you can do to change them. And, when someone wants to change there is nothing you can do to stop them.
John Paul Warren|It takes a while for revelry to turn to reverence, and much repetition of truth to eventual turn young zeal into habitual channels for good.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|The vitality of the act was entirely obfuscated, the beauty, the terror, the sacrifice.' He took one last drag of this cigarette and put it out. 'Quite simply,' he said, 'we didn't believe. And belief was the one condition which was absolutely necessary. Belief, and absolute surrender.
Chuck D, Lyrics of a Rap Revolutionary, Vol. 1|Now what is the will of God? That's the big question. You can't say the will of God is to disrespect your fellow man. You can't say the will of God is to disrespect His creations, and you can't say the will of God is to disrespect the planet that you live on. You can say you're anything [any religion], but if your disrespect comes in any of those three categories, you're not anything, you're whack. I think the principles of religion start from there. Then you get into man's interpretation and bookology.
Jeanette Coron|I will be forever grateful and forever in your debt. There is no greater deed or favor one man can do for another than to save his life. So grazi. Molto grazi, mi amico.
Moffat Machingura, Life Capsules|Instead of saying they rose all the way to the top, we should say they learned all the way to the top.
Karl Marx, The German Ideology|The ideas of the ruling class are in every epoch the ruling ideas, i.e. the class which is the ruling material force of society, is at the same time its ruling intellectual force. The class which has the means of material production at its disposal, has control at the same time over the means of mental production, so that thereby, generally speaking, the ideas of those who lack the means of mental production are subject to it. The ruling ideas are nothing more than the ideal expression of the dominant material relationships, the dominant material relationships grasped as ideas.
Ellen Hopkins, Fallout|Power, wrongly used, defeats the oppressor as well as the oppressed.
Eleanor H. Porter, Just David|At first, one only recognizes particular instances to be worth of critique; critique appears synonymous with rejection, implying deficiency in the object. Over time, one discovers that everything warrants critique. This can produce cynicism: nothing is above reproach, nothing is pure, therefore nothing has value. But followed through to its logical conclusion, this insight inspires a profound optimism: if everything can be critiqued, then no matter how bleak things are, there is always a way to improve them. Those who comprehend this can pass beyond the binary of approval and disapproval to identify the conflicting currents within any subject of inquiry. There are sides to take inside every position, as well as between them.
Martha Gellhorn|In Rio de Janeiro, every cop has to make a choice. He either turns dirty, keeps his mouth shut, or goes to war.
Upasana Banerjee|I feel weird spilling it now but have to. Because after a while, it took root, the way shared stories do when you live with them long enough. They affect your DNA like radiation. They give birth to you.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|He had learned that close-held secrets could often be cracked by going all the way to the top and there making himself unbearably unpleasant. He knew that such twisting of the tiger's tail was dangerous, for he understood the psychopathology of great power.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Self-struggle is spiritual. It is only by grace, the divine-self manifest.
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading|For God's sakes, quit worrying about your next job. Just do the best you can at the job you have now, and the offers will come. And when they do, if you have confidence in yourself you don't have to feel that you can't turn it down if it isn't quite right for you because you fear you'll never get another offer. You will. Wait for the right opportunity, and turn down all the rest. It will make all the difference.
Robyn Carr, Sunrise Point|Maybe we could, um, go sit in the truck?" he said, but even as he said it, it sounded so dumb. And not exactly the way he wanted her to remember a marriage proposal.
Gary Oldman|You know that thing people say, 'poetry is the hardest, stories are the second hardest, novels are the easiest?' I'm here to tell you that novels are the hardest. Writing a novel is unbelievably difficult. It's nightmarish.
Isaac Newton|I believe in Jesus Christ as my Lord and savior. I believe that Jesus died for my sins, and rose again, and that's my belief. I still don't know what 'Christian' means. I'm a follower of Christ, but I keep making a whole bunch of mistakes. And I thank God for forgiveness.
Sohail Umar|Like a breakfast time or lunch time, you must have a thinking time! Without eating and thinking we cannot stick to the existence; without them we cannot stay in the port of this universe!
Brian Tracy|Every minute you spend in planning saves 10 minutes in execution; this gives you a 1,000 percent Return on Energy!
Robert  Black|Virgo is the smell of nature, but in a sexy way.
Marilynne Robinson, Housekeeping|It's better to have nothing,' the children were saying.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With love, we can save every soul from self-destruction.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Each day hands me a clean sheet of paper upon which to write. Therefore, I would be wise to write without ever having the need to erase.
Alejandro Jodorowsky|Democracy is not merely a form of government. It is primarily a mode of associated living, of conjoint communicated experience. It is essentially an attitude of respect and reverence towards fellow men.
George "GM64" Mercado|Do not judge me for the many things I do, but rather judge yourself for that which you do not.
Ben Bernanke|It has always seemed to me that a love of natural objects, and the depth, as well as exuberance and refinement of mind, produced by an intelligent delight in scenery, are elements of the first importance in the education of the young.
Lauren Barnholdt, Two-Way Street|I tell myself, as sternly as possible, that is how things work here. We do dangerous things and people die. People die, and we move on to the next dangerous thing. The sooner that lesson sinks in, the better chance I have at surviving initiation.
Debasish Mridha|A sister is a dearest friend, a closest enemy, and an angel at the time of need.
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|She meant to write: "Is Christy here yet?"Auto Correct turned it into: "Is crazy here yet?"For once Auto Correct got it right.
Ludwig Wittgenstein|I have extremely little courage myself, much less than you; but I have found that whenever, after a long struggle, I have screwed my courage up to do something I always felt much freer & happy after it.
Deva Fagan, The Magical Misadventures of Prunella Bogthistle|Our words were a shaky ladder; all I could do was climb, uncertain if I was about to surmount a glorious peak or fall and smash myself on the rocks below.
Major Jackson|. . . poetry, like all imaginative creations, divines the human enterprise. This is poetry's social value.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|I don't want to be somebody's crush. If somebody likes me, I want them to like the real me, not what they think I am.
Marino Baccarini|When we are children or teenagers, most of us experience something which has devastating effects on our growth and own identity. It's happens when we are compared to others. "you are like your father, you're like your mother, you are like your friends... it always has a negative meaning. It's not too late to stop comparing yourself to others, it's a challenging lesson to learn and to carry on a daily basis, it's painful and it takes time for results to be seen, so start today. Start now.
Augusten Burroughs, Possible Side Effects|She told herself that she longed greatly to go back to those dear merry days when life was seen through a rosy mist of hope and illusion, and possessed an indefinable something that had passed away forever. Where was it now--the glory and the dream?
Barry Pain, Ghostly By Gaslight|A major assumption that underlies this selection is that it is only within work that is progressive, experimental or avant-garde that staid, old-fashioned images and ideas about gender can be challenged and alternatives imagined. I have never seen a ballet performance that has not disappointed me.
Robert McKee, Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting|If the story you're telling, is the story you're telling, you're in deep shit.
Jeffrey Tucker|I desired liberty; for liberty I gasped; for liberty I uttered a prayer; it seemed scattered on the wind then faintly blowing. I abandoned it and framed a humbler supplication. For change, stimulus. That petition, too, seemed swept off into vague space. "Then," I cried, half desperate, "grant me at least a new servitude!
Robert Tew|It’s a lot harder to get someone out of your life than it is to let them in, so take your time!
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|When she felt the tears coming up, building like a great hard pressure inside her, hot, so hot she thought they would burn, she swallowed them down deeper and deeper until they became a hard little stone in her chest.
Michael Muhammad Knight, The Taqwacores|Never lose hope,because ALLAH is always by your side.
Samantha Morton|I write all the time - I write poetry, I love to write.
William Shakespeare|We meet lots of people in a lifetime and we lose some of them over a period of time . But every person who comes in lives has a purpose to serve.. NO MEETING IS AN ACCIDENT, EVERY PERSON THAT WE MEET PLAYS A ROLE IN OUR LIVES, WHETHER WE REALIZE IT OR NOT.
William Tecumseh Sherman|The first step toward finding God, Who is Truth, is to discover the truth about myself: and if I have been in error, this first step to truth is the discovery of my error.
James Corden, May I Have Your Attention, Please?|It doesn't help anyone to judge their happiness or career by looking at where others may or may not be. Dad said it best: 'All the time you're looking left and right at other people, you're neglecting what's in front of you.If you focus on looking straight ahead, you can take the odd glance at the future.' He's got a way of saying things sometimes that just puts everything into perspective.
Rainer Maria Rilke|This, above all, ask yourself in the stillest hour of the night: must I write? Delve deep into yourself. And if this should be affirmative, if you may meet this question witha strong and simple 'I must' then build your lfie according to this necessity; your life even into its most indifferent and slightest hour must be a sign of this urge and a testimony to it.
Muhtar Kent|I think everybody has their own way of looking at their lives as some kind of pilgrimage. Some people will see their role as a pilgrim in terms of setting up a fine family, or establishing a business inheritance. Everyone's got their own definition. Mine, I suppose, is to know myself.
M.F. Moonzajer|Forget boys and read a good book. Or study. When you're twenty-five and ranking in the big bucks, men will be falling all over you're a successful professional woman.
Darren Shan, Bec|Though I’m tempted by the call of the sea, I resist. It can’t claim me.In a way I’m stronger than the waves and I feel good about that.
Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything|Science, my lad, has been built upon many errors; but they are errors which it was good to fall into, for they led to the truth.
C. JoyBell C.|We must not be defined by what we do, but we must be what and who we are, then only happen to do what we do!
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|So, let me get this right.” He braked at a traffic light and yanked at the edges of his bow tie, reefing the knot undone, leaving the tails flapping open. “You’re pissed at me because my friends don’t think you’re just some kind of fuck buddy?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In all of these centuries there has not been the slightest shadow of change in the nature of God or in His attitude toward sin.The Bible teaches from the beginning to the end that adultery and fornication are sin, and the attitude of churchmen does not alter its character.
Ridley Scott|I missed my dad a lot growing up, even though we were together as a family. My dad was really a workaholic. And he was always working.
Rick Perlstein|In conclusion, here's my advice to aspiring writers, journalists, and future lawyers - or anyone planning on working in the communications field: if you want an accurate account of any story, go to the primary sources. They know what really happened.
Ahimsa Murfi|Oh baby, love and treasure yourself ❤ As in this life journey all you have is yourself.
Lysa TerKeurst|Dorian said, 'If you do the right thing twice, it will cost you your life. ' Blint said, 'There are things more valuable than life.' The count said, 'You can't pay for all you've done. But you aren't beyond redemption. There's always a way out. And if you're willing to make the sacrifice, the God will give you the chance to save something priceless.
Andy Warhol|Inspiration comes from everywhere: books, art, people on the street. It is an interior process for me.
Clay Shirky, Cognitive Surplus: Creativity and Generosity in a Connected Age|Never allow doubt to roam unimpeded within you. When it arises acknowledge it immediately, and then exterminate it with extreme prejudice.
Joseph Bottum|When people say they're too busy, ask them If they'll have time to die, and see If dead's gonna give a damn.
Bob Proctor|Persistence is a unique mental strength; a strength that is essential to combat the fierce power of the repeated rejections and numerous other obstacles that sit in waiting and are all part of winning in a fast-moving, ever-changing world.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|You are created to be a creator. God does not give anyone a finished product. God did not create the telephone, car, computers, Facebook, amazon, ebay, God did not make a chair, He created a tree for you to produce the chair. He gave you the raw materials to look at and ask yourself what can I do with this?Are you a producer or a consumer? .....ponder
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|To wait at Monte Cristo for the purpose of watching like a dragon over the almost incalculable richs that had thus fallen into his possession satisfied not the cravings of his heart, which yearned to return to dwell among mankind, and to assume the rank, power, and influence which are always accorded to wealth — that first and greatest of all the forces within the grasp of man.
Vincent van Gogh|As we advance in life it becomes more and more difficult, but in fighting the difficulties the inmost strength of the heart is developed.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84 #1-2|My world, created by glass and flame in the birth of your heat, implodes inside the shadowed walls of my heart. I swallowed the shards you gave me, your eyes on mine. Nothing is easy. I wait, feeling your hands holding the shattered pieces of my soul together in the molten, darkest recesses of the heart you claimed, unwilling to give up. I am inside you, waiting to come out.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you do not have a cause, then you have nothing at all! Get a cause and march with that cause!
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|There are more than one universe, and its inhabitants.
C.J. Cherryh, Downbelow Station|A propaganda model has a certain initial plausibility on guided free-market assumptions that are not particularly controversial. In essence, the private media are major corporations selling a product (readers and audiences) to other businesses (advertisers). The national media typically target and serve elite opinion, groups that, on the one hand, provide an optimal “profile” for advertising purposes, and, on the other, play a role in decision-making in the private and public spheres. The national media would be failing to meet their elite audience’s needs if they did not present a tolerably realistic portrayal of the world. But their “societal purpose” also requires that the media’s interpretation of the world reflect the interests and concerns of the sellers, the buyers, and the governmental and private institutions dominated by these groups.
Dejan Stojanovic, Serbian Satire and Aphorisms|Those who would like to become writers attend courses on writing poetry and prose and analyze their own work and that of other writers in development. Teachers teach them that talent is not required and that anyone, who wants to be a writer, can do it if they only master the technique of writing and master the formulas of the genre that they choose. With a little brain storming ideas written on cards, as well as designs and plans on the table, one can even write a novel in a month. There is no secret; the whole secret is in the technique, a little research, and the rest is solved by form, according to a formula, in which it is all nicely wrapped up and packaged. And so, a bestseller is born.
David Lagercrantz|I think some women try to make you feel you're not all female because you haven't given birth. There are a lot of prejudices. Some women think women who have animals are deeply sad, because what they really want is a child. Mind you, there's probably an element of truth in that.
Manuel Corazzari|I forgive people but that doesn’t mean I accept their behavior or trust them. I forgive them for me, so I can let go and move on with my life.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The sun announces its presence with light, not words; do likewise.
Ice Cube|It's always the girl comedy and the guy comedy. It bums me out. You'd think there'd be a progression, from James L. Brooks and Nora Ephron into more subtle humor and behavior and psychology. All these interesting things people can learn about themselves by watching talented writers comment intelligently on someone else's emotional life.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|ceremony is essential to humans: It's a circle that we draw around important events to separate the momentous from the ordinary. And ritual is a sort of magical safety harness that guides us from one stage of our lives into the next, making sure we don't stumble or lose ourselves along the way. Ceremony and ritual march us carefully right through the center of our deepest fears about change…
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Thus, we knew at the onset of the sexual revolution back in 1968 that this day of disease and promiscuity would come. It is here, and what we do with our situation will determine how much we and our children will suffer in the future. God created the moral basis for the universe before He made the heavens and the earth. His concept of right and wrong was not an afterthought that came along with the Ten Commandments. No, it was an expression of God’s divine nature and was in force before “the beginning.
Isidor Isaac Rabi|Suddenly, there was an enormous flash of light, the brightest light I have ever seen or that I think anyone has ever seen. It blasted; it pounced; it bored its way into you. It was a vision which was seen with more than the eye. It was seen to last forever. You would wish it would stop; altogether it lasted about two seconds.[Witnessing the first atomic bomb test explosion.]
Kelli Russell Agodon, Hourglass Museum|As I go under, I wonder if there’s a reason for art?
Mehmet Murat ildan|A society must create lots of sunshine for its miners as they need the sun most! And ‘to be remembered, to be respected’ is a good sunshine; ‘safety in the mine’ is a good sunshine!
Sylvia Day|Victorian rigidities were such that ladies were not even allowed to blow out candles in mixed company, as that required them to pucker their lips suggestively. They could not say that they were going "to bed"--that planted too stimulating an image--but merely that they were "retiring." It became effectively impossible to discuss clothing in even a clinical sense without resort to euphemisms. Trousers became "nether integuments" or simply "inexpressibles" and underwear was "linen." Women could refer among themselves to petticoats or, in hushed tones, stockings, but could mention almost nothing else that brushed bare flesh.
Lois Farfel Stark, The Telling Image: Shapes of Changing Times|Like a spider in its web, a vibration anywhereis felt everywhere.
Steven Magee|While police officers who blatantly shaft the common people believe that they are God, they are the Devil to those that they wrong.
Steve Carell|I believed that the husband takes care of the family, and the wife takes care of him, and they are true to each other. I know that sounds a romantic illusion, but it can be true.
Jo Nesbo|If you're successful, it's important to enjoy it! I love shopping for clothes, branded clothes. I love shopping in England, Dubai. I like to travel whenever I can.
S.G|Atheists don't like it when we push our morals on them and other people. But we don't, they follow them willingly and knowingly because they know that we are right. They hate us, but follow us.
Martha C. Nussbaum|seeing with the eyes of another, listening with the ears of another, and feeling with the heart of another.
Nicki Elson, Vibrizzio|You have a travel vibrator, so I assume you call this one your house vibrator. Store one in your dashboard for a car vibrator too? What about your desk at work? And do they each have their own name, or is it like George Foreman’s kids – Vibrizzio one, Vibrizzio two…
Thomas Sowell|He wants to focus on what he calls 'cultural issues.' That makes sense, because when you're going to rob people blind you don't want to have them focus their attention on economic issues.
Kahlen Aymes, A Love like This|A soul must gain wisdom by gathering information in whatever way works best. It is impossible to force wisdom on another, because each person has a choice to determine how and if it will be received.
Amit Kalantri|Communication works best when we combine appropriateness with authenticity, finding that sweet spot where opinions are not brutally honest but delicately honest.
Haile Selassie|More than ever before in human history, we share a common destiny. We can master it only if we face it together. And that, my friends, is why we have the United Nations.
Buddha|Only enemies speak the truth; friends and lovers lie endlessly, caught in the web of duty.
William Tecumseh Sherman|I saw courage both in the Vietnam War and in the struggle to stop it. I learned that patriotism includes protest, not just military service.
D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones|The most wonderful thing of all about the cross is that it reveals the love of God to us. It is not surprising that Paul should say to the Romans, "God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." How do we see the love of God in the cross? Ah, says the modern man, I see it in this way, that though man rejected and murdered the Son of God, God in His love still says, "All right, I still forgive you. Though you have done that to My Son, I still forgive you." Yes, that is part of it, but it is the smallest part of it. That is not the real love of God. God was not a passive spectator of the death of His Son. That is how the moderns put it - that God in heaven looked down upon it all, saw men killing His own Son, and said, "All right, I will still forgive you." But it was not we who brought God's Son to the cross. It was God. It was the predeterminate counsel and foreknowledge of God.If you really want to know what the love of God means, read what Paul wrote to the Romans: "For what the law could not do, in that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh, and for sin, condemned sin in the flesh." God condemned sin in the flesh of His own Son. This is the love of God. Read again Isaiah 53, that wonderful prophecy of what happened on Calvary's hill. You notice how he goes on repeating it: "Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows... it pleased the Lord to bruise him; he hath put him to grief." These are the terms. And they are nothing but a plain, factual description of what happened on the cross.
Jonathan Auxier, Peter Nimble and His Fantastic Eyes|Peter had spent his whole life in a town where fights were either drunken and friendly, or silent and petty. True war was foreign to him. He thought of how scared and confused he had been when the battle broke out in the Nest; he was in a different world now.
Courtney Milan, Unclaimed|Ove looks at the group assembled around him, as if he's been kidnapped and taken to a parallel universe. For a moment he thinks about swerving off the road, until he realises that the worst case scenario would be that they all accompanied him into the afterlife.
Sara Sheridan, Brighton Belle|Mirabelle always ate her lunch on Brighton beach if the weather was in any way passable, but out of sheer principle she never paid tuppence for a chair. We did not win the war to have to pay to sit down, she frequently found herself thinking.
Dariush Youkhaneh|Jesus prayed for us , We too , need to pray for others.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Essential Rumi|Soul, if you want to learn secrets, your heart must forget about shame  and dignity. You are God's lover, yet you worry what people are saying.
Arthur Schopenhauer|There is the fullness of our love, whereGod is knowable, whether willful or involuntary.
David Levithan, Every Day|As I see it, you GET married - but you MAKE a marriage.
Jeff Kinney, Diary of a Wimpy Kid|Greg starts a middle school and asks: Whyis "bullies" such a big PROBLEM? And sayspeople need to shave twice a day.
Jack Ma|If I can lead a happy life, touch the lives of others in a positive way, win the respect of those that I care about - and make a few million along the way - then I have been successful.
Ted Hughes|And that's how we measure out our real respect for people—by the degree of feeling they can register, the voltage of life they can carry and tolerate—and enjoy. End of sermon. As Buddha says: live like a mighty river. And as the old Greeks said: live as though all your ancestors were living again through you.
Debasish Mridha|If you can think independently, you are the master of this universe.
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|Once upon a time they was two girls," I say. "one girl had black skin, one girl had white."Mae Mobley look up at me. She listening."Little colored girl say to little white girl, 'How come your skin be so pale?' White girl say, 'I don't know. How come your skin be so black? What you think that mean?'"But neither one a them little girls knew. So little white girl say, 'Well, let's see. You got hair, I got hair.'"I gives Mae Mobley a little tousle on her head."Little colored girl say 'I got a nose, you got a nose.'"I gives her little snout a tweak. She got to reach up and do the same to me."Little white girl say, 'I got toes, you got toes.' And I do the little thing with her toes, but she can't get to mine cause I got my white work shoes on."'So we's the same. Just a different color', say that little colored girl. The little white girl she agreed and they was friends. The End."Baby Girl just look at me. Law, that was a sorry story if I ever heard one. Wasn't even no plot to it. But Mae Mobley, she smile and say, "Tell it again.
Napoleon Hill|Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind.
Chuck Palahniuk, Lullaby|No one wants to admit we're addicted to music. That's just not possible. No one's addicted to music and television and radio. We just need more of it, more channels, a larger screen, more volume. We can't bear to be without it, but no, nobody's addicted. We could turn it off anytime we wanted. I fit a window frame into a brick wall. With a little brush, the size for fingernail polish, I glue it. The window is the size of a fingernail. The glue smells like hair spray. The smell tastes like oranges and gasoline.
D.D. Prince, Nectar|It was incredible. It was like he was fucking her with his eyes, his teeth, and his cock. She was triply screwed, maybe even screwed quadruple when she took into account her brain because there was a total mind fuck happening here, too.
John Green|Partial skinning may be less painful, perhaps delay unpleasantness, how pain set in breasts, back, and belly offers less agony, some reprieve, while the skinning of fingers, nose, cheeks and lips feels like spears. . .
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Armageddon in Retrospect|And how should we behave during this Apocalypse? We should be unusually kind to one another, certainly. But we should also stop being so serious. Jokes help a lot. And get a dog, if you don't already have one.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|No, no, it's not the books you are looking for! Take it where you can find it, in old phonograph records, in old motion pictures, and in old friends; look for it in nature and look for it in yourself. Books were only one type of receptacle where we stored a lot of things we were afraid we might forget. There is nothing magical in them at all. The magic is only in what books say, how they stitched the patches of the universe together into one garment for us.
Nora Ephron, Heartburn|A young man who doesn't have the foresight to seek out the girl he wants to be with and actively pursue her, doesn't deserve her.
David Burr Gerrard, Short Century: A Novel|He says that politics is a waste of time. Politics are? Politics is? Anyway, a waste of time. He says you should focus on your own sexual gratification.
Jessica Khoury, Origin|I think of the five generations it will take before [Mr. Perfect]'s born, and I want to scream. I want someone now. I want someone who will look into my eyes and understand everything behind them.
Patrick Modiano, Rue des boutiques obscures|Did you see her again in France?" I asked him.”“No. When I got to France, she was already dead. She committed suicide ...”“Why?”“She often told me she was frightened of getting old...
Edward R. Cook, Arthritis and Marijuana: How Marijuana, Diet, and Exercise Can Heal Arthritis|Love is at the heart of the world, just as it is at the heart of your life. Your relationships with your lover, your family, your friends, and the world around you define the quality of your emotional wholeness and reflect your relationship with yourself.
Lyla Tyela Belikov|I heard you were a player , okay , lets play a game.We'll flirt, play fights, talk 24/7, say goodmorning and goodnight every day, give each other nicknames, hang out, talk on the phone for hours, take cute pictures together, make promises to each other and hold each other.And whoever falls in love first, loses.
Alexis  Hall, Waiting for the Flood|I knew how to be a friend, a lover, a partner. I knew how to make someone feel cherished and seen and listened to -- everything I had myself always so desperately wanted and been afraid I might never have because I was so used to being overlooked.
John Acton|The real power of the Buddha was that he had so much love. He saw people trapped in their notions of small separate self, feeling guilty or proud of that self, and he offered revolutionary teachings that resounded like a lion's roar, like a great rising tide, helping people to wake up and break free from the prison of ignorance.
Captain Hank Bracker, "Suppresed I Rise"|During World War II the top secret “Norden XV” or “Blue Ox” otherwise known the Army Airforce’s “Norden M Series Bombsights,” were used up to and including the Vietnam War by all American military aircraft with bomb carrying capabilities. This bombsight was considered a “Canonical Tachometric Design” meaning that it had the ability to measure the aircraft's direction and ground speed. In time the Norden improved its original design by using a computer that constantly calculated the aircraft’s flight characteristic and external wind forces to determine the bomb's impact point. When the B-17 Flying Fortress was designed, it came equipped with a Sperry A-3 Autopilot that only corrected angular deviations in the aircraft’s straight and level course. In time most bombsights were replaced by video displays on the instrument panel. Dumb or gravity bombs were mostly replaced with in-flight guidance bombs, such as laser-guided bombs or those using a GPS system. The last combat use of the Norden bombsight was by the US Navy during the covert “Operation Igloo White” mission when OP-2E Neptune aircraft dropped electronic sensors to detect enemy activity along the Ho Chi Minh Trail. Project CHECO Southeast Asia Report was declassified on May 5, 2013.
Debasish Mridha|Think in a new way, think every day to find the truth.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse|We looked at each other for a minute, not saying anything, but I could feel the air between us shift. It became thick, sultry, and tangible—like when the air changes right before a storm. I could feel its power envelop me as it brushed across my skin. Even though I couldn’t see it, I knew a storm was coming.
Joe Wilson|The legacy of slavery comes from the sustained political, legal and economic effort to link permanently an entire group of people to poverty - and to mystify that systematic disenfranchisement by making up something called race, which could serve as a distraction.
Ariel Sharon|Indeed, there is much in pure humanitarian culture, as opposed to rigid scientific training, which encourages absorption in the affairs of mankind, and more or less indifference to the unfathomed abysses of star-strown space that yawn interminably about this terrestrial grain of dust.
Victoria H. Smith, The Space Between|I can tell you, Jay, nothing that happens in this life is worth killing yourself over. Time passes, and you can decide to change your future. You don't let what some assholes say or do, direct you. In this life, it only matters what you do with it.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Don't be indifferent about any random idea that occurs to you, because each and every idea is for a particular purpose. it may not be beneficial to you, but can be what others are craving for
Crystal Evans|If a pen can communicate our thoughts, dreams, and emotions and be the voice of our soul, then ink is the medium that carries the message.
Stephen King, It|Calling it a simple schoolgirl crush was like saying a Rolls-Royce was a vehicle with four wheels, something like a hay-wagon. She did not giggle wildly and blush when she saw him, nor did she chalk his name on trees or write it on the walls of the Kissing Bridge. She simply lived with his face in her heart all the time, a kind of sweet, hurtful ache. She would have died for him..
Terri Windling|They told me that they are starting a classic label, and wanted me to be the first artist. So I signed, and am producing myself, and writing my own music, but I'm their first artist on their classic label. And I have creative control.
Rachel Carson, Silent Spring|To have risked so much in our efforts to mold nature to our satisfaction and yet to have failed in achieving our goal would indeed by the final irony. Yet this, it seems, is our situation.
William Shakespeare, Love Poems and Sonnets|I’ve never really had a party before.” “Why did you have one now?” I say, just to keep him talking. He gives a half laugh. “I thought if I had a party, you would come.
Somya Kedia|A dream so vibrant,A dream so blissful;I hold it close to my heart.In anxious nights,And days of hope;These years have passed solely.One day the dream to turn true- If only!
Gary Zukav|Forgiveness is a very personal and intimate thing. Forgiveness is not something that you can speak for others because it includes not only your desire and will, your reflection and intellect, but also your emotions.
Voltaire|No one is the same, and we all have different life experiences. It's not my place to judge them or for them to judge me. We should all be accountable for our own lives.
Ian Mortimer, The Time Traveller's Guide to Medieval England: A Handbook for Visitors to the Fourteenth Century|You might find it alarming to think that your doctor will not actually need to see you in person but might make a diagnosis based on the position of the stars, the colour and smell of your urine, and the taste of your blood.
K.I.Lynn - Infraction|You were the poem I never knew how to write because no words could describe the wind you cannot see, but feel.
Anthony de Mello, Awareness: Conversations with the Masters|We see people and things not as they are, but as we are.
Niccolo Machiavelli|At Baptism, I received grace - that quality that makes me share in the very nature of God.
Ze Frank|You are this, which does not satisfy, so you want to be that. If there were an understanding of this, would that come into being? Because you do not understand this, you create that, hoping through that to understand or to escape from this.
Lauren Lola, An Absolute Mind|Sometimes, when you really want to get to know a person but have boundaries that prevent you from doing so, you learn about them as much as you can.
Gustave Flaubert, Correspondance|Contact with the world, with which I have been steadily rubbing shoulders now for fourteen months, makes me feel more and more like returning to my shell. I hate the crowd, the herd. It seems to me always atrociously stupid or vile.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|There’s a loneliness that only exists in one’s mind. The loneliest moment in someone’s life is when they are watching their whole world fall apart, and all they can do is blink.
Timothy Leary|The golden age is before us, not behind us.
Adam Savage|Justice is expensive in America. There are no Free Passes... You might want to remember this, the next time you get careless and blow off a few Parking Tickets. They will come back to haunt you the next time you see a Cop car in your rear-view mirror.
Albert Camus, The Adulterous Woman|But my silence is real. If I hid it from you, you would find it again a little farther on.
David Marusek, Mind Over Ship|Ideology follows the money.""Governments don't protect people, people protect governments.""To accept the legitimacy of the state is to embrace the necessity for war.
Irvine Welsh, Porno|I get what it's like to want something, but to try and force yourself to really believe that you don't.
Chrissy Johnson|But seriously – how is this a good example of womanhood? How is this something we should be propping up and praising? Think about the women in your life – your mom, your aunts, your grandmothers, your sisters, your daughters, your nieces, your friends. Would you like ANY of them reduced to one small part of their anatomy? Would you tell them to their faces that they are nothing more than a walking life support system for their vaginas? ‘Cause that’s the message that feminism is sending to women the world over.I thought feminists cared more about a woman’s mind and heart, and less about her body parts....Ladies, we are so much more than our body parts. Don’t take Hollywood airheads like Cate Blanchett as your life example.
Frank Zappa|Reading is a choice. The will to do depends the reader. We may or may not do it but when we kill reading, we kill a purposeful mind. Reading a page of a purposeful book per day is not only a great medicine to the mind but also a powerful antidote to ignorance and mediocrity
Lailah Gifty Akita|In suffering, I got to know my soul.
Lake Bell|Old age, believe me, is a good and pleasant thing. It is true you are gently shouldered off the stage, but then you are given such a comfortable front stall as spectator.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|A basic theme for the anarch is how man, left to his own devices, can defy superior forces – whether state, society, or the elements – by making use of their rules without submitting to them.‘It is strange,’ Sir William Parry wrote when describing the igloos on Winter Island, ‘it is strange to think that all these measure are taken against the cold – and in houses of ice.
Tessa Dare, A Night to Surrender|I been running up a bill with the devil ever since, and now he's come to collect on the debt.
Emily Bronte|I am an old sinner; and if God had designed mercy for me, he would have called me home to himself before now.
Autumn Doughton, Chasing Polaris|They have lied to us. They can't keep us from dying, so They lie to us about death. A cooperative structure of lies. What have they ever given us in return for the trust, the love--They actually say 'love'--we're supposed to owe Them? Can They keep us from even catching cold? from lice, from being alone? from anything? Before the Rocket we went on believing, because we wanted to. But the Rocket can penetrate, from the sky, at any given point. Nowhere is safe. We can't believe Them any more. Not if we are still sane, and love the truth.
Cedric Nye, Jango's Anthem|She watched as the dancing lights of madness swirled and flickered in his eyes like the fires of hell, and she knew that there would never be anything that could quench those fires except death. Vanessa knew that Jango had become his own Grim Reaper.
Criss Jami, Healology|God is not a God of confusion, although at times one's judgment, for a period, may become clouded in the mi(d)st of one's growth process. I stopped fooling myself into thinking that Christ is always for the cool kids and never for those upright and uptight religious people everybody hates.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|When you make a choice,acknowledge all the consequences.That way you won’t be leftfeeling compromised.
David Nicholls, One Day|There are no constraints on the human mind, no walls around the human spirit, no barriers to our progress except those we ourselves erect.
Billie Joe Armstrong|Let us make future generations remember us as proud ancestors just as, today, we remember our forefathers.
Toni Sorenson, Aligned By Christ|..in any situation we may ever find ourselves, nomatter how much we feel we are at the mercy of vast immutable forces that are totally beyond our control,we can always find something that is within our control, however small, and work on that. Sometimesthat may only change a little, sometimes it may change a lot. You just never know. But what we do knowis that by working on even that 2 percent, it saves us from a feeling of complete powerlessness.
Debasish Mridha|When you are able to find your peace of mind, you will fill your world with peace.
Shannon L. Alder|If you can't be liked being kind, then be hated being cruel.
Eugene T. Gendlin, Focusing|What is true is already so. Owning up to it doesn't make it worse. Not being open about it doesn't make it go away. And because it's true, it is what is there to be interacted with. Anything untrue isn't there to be lived. People can stand what is true, for they are already enduring it.
Katie Reus, Beyond the Darkness|He slid a hand over her stomach and down to her mound. He cupped it possessively and was pleased when she sucked in a breath at her unmistakable wetness."This is mine too."She swallowed hard again but didn't respond. More importantly, she didn't argue.But it wasn't enough. "Say it." He needed to hear the words. Needed to know she wanted him as much as he wanted her.She held his gaze, stared back at him in the mirror, her eyes dilated with arousal. "I'm yours.
Wes Jackson, Becoming Native to This Place|..while I was happy enough to pray to any god, knowing that they were simply different faces created by men, of one indivisible truth.
Jay-Z, Decoded|There are no crimes and no criminals in these days. What is the use of having brains in our profession? I know well that I have it in me to make my name famous. No man lives or has ever lived who has brought the same amount of study and of natural talent to the detection of crime which I have done. And what is the result? There is no crime to detect, or, at most, some bungling villainy with a motive so transparent that even a Scotland Yard official can see through it.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|I aimed at the public's heart, and by accident I hit it in the stomach.
Sidney Sheldon, A Stranger In The Mirror|Industrial liquid gas containers were left open and venting gas into the indoor environment in high altitude astronomy. On reflection, I realized that I routinely observed mental and physical effects that match those of a low oxygen environment in staff that I supervised.
Paul Murray, Skippy Dies|Their faith in him is at once touching and alarming -- their trust that they are safe simply because he's with them, as if an adult presence warded of all possible threat, emanated an unbreachable forcefield.
Stephen Hawking|What I have done is to show that it is possible for the way the universe began to be determined by the laws of science. In that case, it would not be necessary to appeal to God to decide how the universe began. This doesn't prove that there is no God, only that God is not necessary.
Michael Perry|The tough times start," he said, "the day the last casserole dish is returned.
Henry Blake Fuller, Bertram Cope's Year|Traps!" he said. "Never in the world! Don't think it! Why, Gower is just a necessary olf bore. Nobody's supposed to know much about him--except instructors and their hapless students.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Summer came.For the book thief, everything was going nicely.For me, the sky was the color of Jews.When their bodies had finished scouring for gaps in the door, their souls rose up. When their fingernails had scratched at the wood and in some cases were nailed into it by the sheer force of desperation, their spirits came toward me, into my arms, and we climbed out of those shower facilities, onto the roof and up, into eternity's certain breadth. They just kept feeding me. Minute after minute. Shower after shower.
Rosalie Lario, Heart of an Angel|The angel’s lower body was covered by a pair of faded jeans that showcased the strong muscles in his thighs…along with a few other things she’d only dared dream about. His upper body was bare, showing off honeyed skin, washboard abs, and a killer set of pecs.
Karen Salmansohn|As writers and readers, as sinners and citizens, our realism and our aesthetic sense make us wary of crediting the positive note.
Rita Davenport|Certitude leads to violence. This is a proposition that has an easy application and a difficult one. The easy application is to ideoologues, dogmatists, and bullies--people who think that their rigtness justifies them in imposing on anyone who does not happen to suscribe to their particular ideology, dogma or notion of turf. If the conviction of rightness is powerful enough, resistance to it will be met, sooner or later by force. There are people like this in every sphere of life, and it is natural to feel that the world would be a better place without them!
Hugh Hardy|Everything man is doing in architecture is to try to go against nature. Of course we have to understand nature to know how far we have to go against nature. The secret, I think, of the future is not doing too much. All architects have the tendency to do too much.
Erica Lorraine Scheidt, Uses for Boys|The City is free of sinThe snow has given it absolution A man who slips  A horse that fallsOh no, the city is in a nightgown
Robert Browning, Robert Browning's Poetry|In this world, who can do a thing, will not;And who would do it, cannot, I perceive:Yet the will's somewhat — somewhat, too, the power —And thus we half-men struggle.
Ian Thompson|The story of Andrew Ewing is partly one of rags to riches – but there is more to it than that, since his business success was combined with a generosity of spirit that led him to give away a fortune in pursuit of his ultimate ambition to die a poor man.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|Yes, I am finally a match for Amy. The other morning I woke up next to her, and I studied the back of her skull. I tried to read her thoughts. For once I didn't feel like I was staring into the sun. I'm rising to my wife's level of madness. Because I can feel her changing me again: I was a callow boy, and then a man, good and bad. Now at last I'm the hero. I am the one to root for in the never-ending war story of our marriage. It's a story I can live with. Hell, at this point, I can't imagine my story without Amy. She is my forever antagonist.We are one long frightening climax.
Al Michaels|Building technical systems involves a lot of hard work and specialized knowledge: languages and protocols, coding and debugging, testing and refactoring.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we obey God, the more we shall know his goodness.
Scott Hastie|Nothing that truly mattersCan ever evaporate,Be excised,Burnt out of your soul.
Marianne Williamson|A marriage is meant to be a blessing on the world, because it is a context in which two people might become more than what they would have been alone.  The entire world is healed by the presence of healed people.
Miyamoto Musashi, The Book of Five Rings|The primary thing when you take a sword in your hands is your intention to cut the enemy, whatever the means. Whenever you parry, hit, spring, strike or touch the enemy's cutting sword, you must cut the enemy in the same movement. It is essential to attain this. If you think only of hitting, springing, striking or touching the enemy, you will not be able actually to cut him.
Kelly Iyogun|You can't change the past.....why bother?...linger too much in the thought, you only get pulled down....Tomorrow is yet to come...GET PREPARED, that is one day you can change.
S. Jae-Jones, Wintersong|I am wilderness and madness made flesh. You are just a girl" –he smiled, and the tips of his teeth were sharp–"and I am the wolf in the woods.
Ruth Reichl|I think the only reason people use PCs is because they have to. Mac is the most streamlined computer there is. I started using the Mac in college because I was doing editing, and they were the only computers we could use to do that.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|The 21st century has certainly seen the rape of women in wartime, but it has long been treated as an atrocious war crime, which most armies try to prevent and the rest deny and conceal. But for the heroes of the Iliad, female flesh was a legitimate spoil of war: women were to be enjoyed, monopolized, and disposed of at their pleasure. Menelaus launches the Trojan War when his wife, Helen, is abducted. Agamemnon brings disaster to the Greeks by refusing to return a sex slave to her father, and when he relents, he appropriates one belonging to Achilles, later compensating him with twenty-eight replacements. Achilles, for his part, offers this pithy description of his career: “I have spent many sleepless nights and bloody days in battle, fighting men for their women.”11 When Odysseus returns to his wife after twenty years away, he murders the men who courted her while everyone thought he was dead, and when he discovers that the men had consorted with the concubines of his household, he has his son execute the concubines too.
Jose Andres|I was afraid of Korean food when I moved to L.A., let alone sushi. I remember thinking either sink or swim. Living here in Studio City, Ventura Blvd. is the Mecca of sushi restaurants. What you thought was so exotic is just run of the mill.
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|I'm not used to seeing people's faces. There's too much information there. Aren't you aware of it? Too much, too fast.
Edward Gibbon, The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire|Do you see the irony at all, Tristan?’ I stare at him and shake my head. He seems determined not to speak again until I do. ‘What irony?’ I ask eventually, the words tumbling out in a hurried heap. ‘That I am to be shot as a coward while you get to live as one.
Henry Lawson|My wife met me at the door the other night in a sexy negligee. Unfortunately, she was just coming home.
Brenda Ueland, If You Want to Write: A Book about Art, Independence and Spirit|When Van Gogh was a young man in his early twenties, he was in London studying to be a clergyman. He had no thought of being an artist at all. he sat in his cheap little room writing a letter to his younger brother in Holland, whom he loved very much. He looked out his window at a watery twilight, a thin lampost, a star, and he said in his letter something like this: "it is so beautiful I must show you how it looks." And then on his cheap ruled note paper, he made the most beautiful, tender, little drawing of it. When I read this letter of Van Gogh's it comforted me very much and seemed to throw a clear light on the whole road of Art. Before, I thought that to produce a work of painting or literature, you scowled and thought long and ponderously and weighed everything solemnly and learned everything that all artists had ever done aforetime, and what their influences and schools were, and you were extremely careful about *design* and *balance* and getting *interesting planes* into your painting, and avoided, with the most astringent severity, showing the faintest *acedemical* tendency, and were strictly modern. And so on and so on.But the moment I read Van Gogh's letter I knew what art was, and the creative impulse. It is a feeling of love and enthusiasm for something, and in a direct, simple, passionate and true way, you try to show this beauty in things to others, by drawing it.And Van Gogh's little drawing on the cheap note paper was a work of art because he loved the sky and the frail lamppost against it so seriously that he made the drawing with the most exquisite conscientiousness and care. 
Joan Didion, The Year of Magical Thinking|...nor can we know ahead of the fact the unending absence that follows, the void, the very opposite of meaning, the relentless succession of moments during which we will confront the experience of meaningless itself.
Megan Whalen Turner, The King of Attolia|I am not sure I trust you.""You can trust me with your life, My King.""But not with my wine, obviously. Give it back.
Susan Sontag, The Volcano Lover: A Romance|In general I strive for greatness and rational achievement, but I admit to you I’ve a terrible fondness for women, a tendency towards drunkenness, and a weakness for the fumes of the poppy—opium and other miserable beauties.
Homer, The Odyssey|Are you still mad at me?""Yes.""I'll go back to sleep, then.""Good.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Elections only happen in two ways," Reyna said. "Either the legion raises someone on a shield after a major success on the battlefield-and we haven't had any major battles-or we hold a ballot on the evening of June 24, at the Feast of Fortuna. That's in five days."Percy frowned. "You have a feast for tuna?
Ryan Leonard|For the first time, Ender had found a living mind he could admire.
Anne-Marie Slaughter, The Chessboard and the Web: Strategies of Connection in a Networked World|Corporate anthropologist Karen Stephenson argues that though trust is the natural glue of human connection since prehistoric times, it is mostly absent in modern hierarchies—especially in government, where vertical silos compete with and undermine one another, often within the same bureaucracy.
Stephen Colbert|Women don't want all that. Women just want a partner who is considerate and attentive, who will spoon with them while reciting Keats, and feed them organic yogurt by candlelight on a seaside cliff at sunset.
Destin Bays, True Love|True Love never says good-bye, and this is why: True Love last forever.
Portia de Rossi, Unbearable Lightness: A Story of Loss and Gain|The diet industry is making a lot of money selling us fad diets, nonfat foods full of chemicals, gym memberships, and pills while we lose a piece of our self-esteem every time we fail another diet or neglect to use the gym membership we could barely afford.
Frank Press|Las Vegas audiences are swingers. They're drinkers and swingers, and they like to have a good time and party. I never had a bad audience in my career. Sometimes it may take a little longer to get them, you know. But I would get them. I'd get standing ovations... Everything is attitude. It's very important to always like what you're doing.
Toni Sorenson|The happiest, most successful, extraordinary people are not people who have coasted through life. They’ve fallen, they’ve been shoved; they’ve known loss and defeat. They’ve struggled out of the darkest, deepest pits and they’ve emerged with their hearts softened, their minds sharpened, and their spirits concerned for others. These are the rare beautiful people who know how to think their way to greatness. They understand that a great life begins with a great thought.
Ray Bradbury|I define science fiction as the art of the possible. Fantasy is the art of the impossible. Science fiction, again, is the history of ideas, and they're always ideas that work themselves out and become real and happen in the world. And fantasy comes along and says, 'We're going to break all the laws of physics.
Katie MacAlister, Sex, Lies and Vampires|We have had this discussion before. You are my son. I love you. I will always love you. But I also love Nell, and if you give her the chance and stop rejecting her advances, she will take you into her heart as well.""Oh, yeah, like he's going to allow me to do that," I muttered
Annabelle Wallis|If we have a situation where a man is particularly graceful in a sport that rewards grace - say, for example, figure skating - why is it that we don't say to the man, 'Well, you're too feminine to compete?'... I don't understand why we don't find it offensive also to say to a women who's very strong, 'You're too masculine to compete.'
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you can find your way, a little prayer can help you find the right path.
Debasish Mridha|Sadness comes from expectations. To be happy, adapt to everything and expect nothing.
Jim Wallis|Many people will never read a Bible, but they will read you.
Nathan Myhrvold|I only eat healthy food, and I only want healthy love!
Adrienne Rich|To write as if your life depended on it; to write across the chalkboard, putting up there in public the words you have dredged; sieved up in dreams, from behind screen memories, out of silence-- words you have dreaded and needed in order to know you exist.
Christopher Dines, Mindfulness Burnout Prevention: An 8-Week Course for Professionals|The process of applying Mindfulness Burnout Prevention (MBP) in the workplace or any environment has a much more far-reaching effect than simply accessing equanimity throughout the vicissitudes of life. Continuous learning helps us to stay youthful, sharpen our mental faculties and wire new neural connections in our brain (making us better equipped to accomplish); it is also a sign of humility.
R. Y.S. Perez, I Hope You Fall in Love: Poetry Collection|I know you're scared, but doing something even though it scares you is the definition of brave.
Neil Young|Though we rush ahead to save our time, we are only what we feel
Criss Jami|Christ commands his people to love their enemies, because if not, that would rule out pretty much the entire world.
Michael Ignatieff, The Warrior's Honor: Ethnic War and the Modern Conscience|Intolerance is a form of divided consciousness in which abstract, conceptual, ideological hatred vanquishes concrete, real and individual moments of identification.
Erik Scott de Bie, Cobalt City Double Feature|You are mine for a moment, but you are His, forever His.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Horas non numero nisi serenas,' 'I count - no - hours but - unclouded ones,
Akshay|Don't make anybody Use you,be smart , else Dont curse them when they chew u out and throw you,they were smart not you
Barbara Bush|Experience hath shewn, that even under the best forms of government those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it into tyranny.
Leonid Petrov Korea expert lecturer in Korean Studies The University of Sydney|Theory is like a book.It's full of meaningless words, a few want to read it and where stays the movie.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Date Dead Men|I sounded like Horton the Elephant. "A person is a person no matter how small." What the hell was I doing standing in the middle of a cave, in the dark, surrounded by wererats, quoting Dr. Seuss, and trying to kill a one-thousand-year-old vampire?
B.J. Novak, One More Thing: Stories and Other Stories|In a setting of formal education, one would imagine that abstract thought would be encouraged, and that questioning obvious errors within the current system wouldn’t be frowned upon. Wrong again; these cunts are out to protect their pocket books and paradigms.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|For the sincere student, it mustn't be enough to simply understand Jiu Jitsu. We must seek to understand ourselves.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|In your roughest time, when everything looks so cloudy and deserted, don't look to man, don't look to a woman, don't look to government, don't look to Obama, don't look to Merkel, don't look to wall street, don't look to your family, don't look at your situation either, take off your eyes away from all those things that are so close to you; take it to Him that is bigger than your problem.
|You are free to dream as big as you want, but always remember that every big dream comes with some big responsibilities. So be willing and courageous enough to step out of your comfort zone.
Erwin Schrödinger, My View of the World|What do you mean by ‘Divine Consciousness’? It is achieving the knowledge of oneness, i.e., to know that outside we are many but inside all are one.‘Vedanta’ mentioned about ‘oneness’, but could not say what is oneness. When I am saying that I am a living being all your Vedanta’s, scriptures and traditional religions become extinct.
Roman Payne|The poet believed that 'Beauty' first entered the world not at its creation, nor with the first garden, the first sunrise, the birth of the first man and woman and their first sexual act. The poet believed that 'Beauty' entered the world the day the first child blushed.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We look around us and we find ourselves confused as to why the world has fallen into such deep darkness. And standing in this descending darkness, what we need to realize is that the farther we move from God, the darker everything gets. And no light of man can illuminate that kind of darkness.
Michael Korda|Puss hopped down from the couch and rummaged in Mark’s closet until he found a black leather belt. This he looped along his shoulder, around his waist, and then clasped together. “I’m off to make war, so that you may have love.
Walter Benjamin|Every passion borders on the chaotic, but the collector's passion borders on the chaos of memories.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Barely halfway back, exhaustion sets in. What if I don’t make it? An edge of panic gets intercepted by a calmer inner voice: Look behind you.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|No human, no matter how ancient, or how popular, can be above the laws of Nature.
Mollie King|Yes, I wrote songs. I was becoming kind of an Enrique Iglesias kind of a singer, with those ballads and cheesy romantic things.
Robert Owen|Facts are a strange thing . . . when you know the facts to be true, they turn you into a revolutionary.
Paul Goodman, Growing Up Absurd|Just as a cooling pot gives off heat, so all through youth and adolescence we give off calories of virtue. That's what's called ingenuousness.
Bob Moawad|Who in the world am I? Ah, that's the great puzzle.
Tilicia Haridat|They say what doesn't kill u makes u stronger.. but truth is sometimes it does kill u, it kills a part of u then it makes u stronger.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, White Nights|. . . finally, I couldn't imagine how I could live without books, and I stopped dreaming about marrying that Chinese prince. . . .
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|You see, the catch about portrait painting—I've looked into the thing a bit— is that you can't startpainting portraits till people come along and ask you to, andthey won't come and ask you to until you've painted a lot first.This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie.
Jameson Fitzpatrick|His whole being, his whole life was awakened in one instant, as if youth returned to him, as if the extinguished sparks of talent blazed up again. The blindfold suddenly fell from his eyes. God! to ruin the best years of his youth so mercilessly; to destroy, to extinguish the spark of fire that had perhaps flickered in his breast, that perhaps would have developed by now into greatness and beauty, that perhaps would also have elicited tears of amazement and gratitude!
Charlie Close, Before the Ripcord Broke: Stories|If I have a spreadsheet that can, whatever, turn soup cans into gold, wouldn't I deserve an office?
Lissa Warren The Good Luck Cat|What they discovered was that not only fish, but spiders and many insects can taste their food by the structures that are most likely to first come in contact with the food. And this in many invertebrate species turns out to be the feet.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Conventionality is not morality. Self-righteousness is not religion...Appearance should not be mistaken for truth; narrow human doctrines that only tend to elate and magnify few, should not be substituted for the world-redeeming creed of Christ.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Christmas is the spirit of love, peace and goodwill to all Humankind. It is within the reach of every heart and hand.
Cathy Lamb, The First Day of the Rest of My Life|But grief is a walk alone. Others can be there, and listen. But you will walk alone down your own path, at your own pace, with your sheared-off pain, your raw wounds, you denial, anger, and bitter loss. You'll come to your own peace, hopefully, but it will be on your own, in your own time.
Erin McKean|'Eyes Wide Open' took shape from two real life events straight from my own past. One was the sad suicide of my young nephew, a troubled kid, who was found at the bottom of a landmark cliff in central California. The second was a chance encounter forty years ago with none other than, ahem, Charles Manson!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Peer pressure accounts for much of the promiscuous sex in high schools and colleges. “Conform or get lost.” Since no one enjoys losing friends or being cast out of his own circle, peer pressure—especially during the years of adolescence—is an almost irresistible force.
Theresa Hak Kyung Cha, Dictee|Justice is a social construct. It’s well known that the physical universe isn’t fair. Nevertheless, it’s difficult to decide which is more provoking: good people suffering or evil people prospering.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|There is a secret a person with great knowledge discovers along the path to truth. That is, the more doors you open to the mysteries, the smaller you feel. And because you begin to feel smaller and smaller until your ego disappears, the more humble you become. Therefore, any man who behaves arrogantly with what little he knows, or claims to know all, only reveals to all that he really knows nothing. Real greatness does not reside inside those who feel large. The truly wise are meek.
Nicole Sager, The Fate of Arcrea|But most dragons seem to have interesting personalities--besides probably having quite good reasons for what they do, if only one could understand them
Lawrence Anthony, The Elephant Whisperer|This is not just primitive rural superstition; [juju] is practiced by all kinds of people, from illiterate herd boys to multi-dregreed university professors. If you don't understand the power of this belief, you will never truly grasp the rich albeit often incomprehensible spirituality of Africa.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|For their never-ending endeavours to obtain or retain wealth, countries desperately need companies, because they—unlike most human beings—have the means of production, and human beings, because they—unlike all companies—have the means of reproduction.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Approachable people . . . 1.	Use body language to their advantage.2.	Are open-minded to new people and new experiences.3.	Encourage others to feel better about themselves.4.	Are willing to be told not what they want to hear, but what they need to hear.5.	Provide an inviting aura that is warm and comforting.6.	Realize that authenticity and transparency earn trust.7.	Intuitively tune into the feelings and needs of others.8.	Are emotionally steady and respond appropriately when they sense awkwardness or discomfort in others.9.	Radiate happiness and curbs cynicism. 10.	Provide a safe environment for others to express themselves.11.	Make others feel valued and appreciated.12.	Listen and consider other people’s viewpoints and opinions.
Oprah Winfrey|It is plain to me that our prelates, in granting indulgences, do commonly blaspheme the wisdom of God.
Jodi Picoult|So is that it? Will I have to live the rest of my life like this? Not doing the right thing? Not saying the right words?""That's your choice. You can't change the past. Ah, but the future. . .you own the future." The Greenman smiled. "So, you tell me. . .what choice do you want to make now?
Tina J. Richardson|Our anxieties were driving us to become other people-he was Earner; I was Mother, like characters in some phenomenally boring Ionesco play. We both worried all the time and often didn't remember to laugh. I could find relief in the baby's smile, or with my friends, or now, in yoga. I didn't see that Bruce was headed someplace where there was no relief.
Shahriar Mandanipour, Censoring an Iranian Love Story|I smiled into the darkness. There was nothing "just" about metaphors, I was beginning to think; they followed me everywhere, illuminating and failing and illuminating again.
Terry Pratchett|As though there were a tie And obligation to posterity. We get them, bear them, breed, and nurse: What has posterity done for us. That we, lest they their rights should lose, Should trust our necks to gripe of noose?
Dennis Vickers, Mikawadizi Storms|Am I an old man who changed into a butterfly, or a butterfly who thinks he was once an old man?
James Peoples, Humanity: An Introduction to Cultural Anthropology|China uses about half of the world’s cement for its new roads and buildings.According to the World Bank in 2007, China had 16 of the world’s 20 most polluted cities.One day in January 2013, the air pollution index in Beijing was 755—measured on a scale of 0 to 500!In late 2012, 16,000 dead pigs were found floating in the river that supplies water toShanghai, the PRC’s largest city. For 2010, a ministry of the Chinese government estimated the monetary cost of the environmental damage caused by rapid industrialization at $230 billion, which is 3.5 percent of China’s gross domestic product.Air pollution from Chinese factories wafts over to the Koreas and Japan. Sometimes, upper atmospheric winds carry the sulphur dioxide from China’s coal-burning clear over to North America’s west coast.
Daniel Chamovitz, What a Plant Knows: A Field Guide to the Senses|The idea that damage has to be pain is mistaken. We feel pain because we have specific types of receptors called nociceptors which are programmed to respond to pain, not to touch. People can have genetic malfunctions where they feel pressure but never feel pain because they don't have pain receptors.
Gustave Flaubert, Bouvard and Pecuchet|Sometimes, in a daze, they completely dismantled the cadaver, then found themselves hard put to it to fit the pieces together again.
James Gleick|I realise there's an innate paradox in promoting oneself on the one hand and saying, 'Oh, I don't want to be famous,' on the other.
Rami Malek|There's no regret. You can't regret. I mean, I've felt regret but I've also refused to allow regret to sow a seed and live in me because I don't believe it. You feel it, it's like guilt, it's like jealousy, it's like all those horrible things. You've just got to snip them and get them out, because they're no good.
Lauren Myracle (Let It Snow)|And you say Paris is gay, but it has its down times. You say go in the spring and not the summer, because watching the autumn creep through the Rive Gauche preparing for winter is hard.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|In the arena of life, so many lessons are taught but few are taken and few are applied
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we read the Scriptures, we shall renewed our mind.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Milk every moment for all the pleasure you can get from it. When you say, "It is my dominant intent to look for things that feel good today. No matter where I'm going, no matter who I'm doing it with, it is my dominant intent to look for what I'm wanting to see, to look for things that feel good," and the more you develop the habit of that kind of vibration-the more the Universe understands that that's who you are! And so, the more you have access only to those kinds of things!
Nico J. Genes, Magnetic Reverie|Looking in the mirror, I saw a joyful face. And this happy girl was just about to go on a trip, with a one way ticket in her bag. Life was a never ending journey.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Teach that God is, not was; that He speaketh, not spake.
Colleen Patrick-Goudreau, Color Me Vegan: Maximize Your Nutrient Intake and Optimize Your Health by Eating Antioxidant-Rich, Fiber-Packed, Color-Intense Meals That Taste Great|Oh, pity the poor gluttonWhose troubles all beginIn struggling on and on to turnWhat's out into what's in.
Dashiell Hammett, The Maltese Falcon|I found her lying on her stomach, her hind legs stretched out straight, and her front feet folded back under her chest. She had laid her head on his grave. I saw the trail where she had dragged herself through the leaves. The way she lay there, I thought she was alive. I called her name. She made no movement. With the last ounce of strength in her body, she had dragged herself to the grave of Old Dan.
Vern Dosch, Wired Differently|We can never fall short when it comes to recruiting, hiring, maintaining and growing our workforce. It is the employees who make our organization’s success a reality.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Bernice Bobs Her Hair|Climate is what we expect, weather is what we get.
Blake Farenthold|I couldn't live on the singing at first, so I worked as a cleaner, in a launderette, in a garage, face painting and doing the windows of shops at Christmas, 'cause I had been to art college.
Andrew Klavan, The Great Good Thing: A Secular Jew Comes to Faith in Christ|Seek not greatness, but seek truth and you will find both.
John Milius|Just two weeks ago, millions of Iraqis defied the threats of terrorists and went to the polls to determine their own future. I congratulate the Iraqi people for the courage they've shown in making these elections so successful.
Erik Erikson|I hope I shall possess firmness and virtue enough to maintain what I consider the most enviable of all titles, the character of an honest man.
Red Haircrow|To every person who has never experienced genuine love and kindness, may you still have the strength to find the love and light that exists within your soul to give, thrive, and shine.
Wendy Wunder, The Probability of Miracles|Sometimes I worry that belief and hope are the same thing, and that truth is something else entirely.
Ben Quayle|Hard work and dedication is important to success, and I have those qualities.
Tarryn Fisher, The Opportunist|Then what’s the problem?” He was getting irritated now. “Are you scared, V? Scared that fucking me might turn into something more?” Taunting her, he continued, “Scared that I might just be able to get past that impenetrable outer shell?
Virginia Toole|Scary to be vulnerable, to open your heart but, oh, the out of this world feeling as you savor the pleasure!
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Ironically, the worship of of death as a strategy for coping with our underlying fear of death's power does not truly give us solace. It is deeply anxiety producing. The more we watch spectacles of death, of random violence and cruelty, the more afraid we become in our daily lives.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|Right now, in every big city ghetto, tens of thousands of yesterday's and today's school dropouts are keeping body and soul together by some form of hustling in the same way I did.
Ted Chiang, The Truth of Fact, the Truth of Feeling|Higher-level capture devices, because they are complicated and involve novel applications of new technologies, tend to fail in unexpected ways. Thus, only after some years was it realized that Hot Spot may not work well if the weather is very hot and that it may fail to detect a slight contact if the edge of the bat is greasy.
Robert Winston|I think fashion is actually very good training for being in the tech world, because it's all about moving on to the next thing, looking for the next thing, not getting stuck in the past.
Mehmet Murat ildan|On increasingly warm nice days I liked to sit toward noon on the bench encircling the cherry tree and look at the bare trees, the freshly plowed fields, the green strips of winter planting, the meadows that were already sprouting, and through the fragrance which swells out of the ground with the advent of spring contemplate the mountains, gleaming with the colossal quantities of snow still on them.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|The one conclusion I have reached is that whiskey is a great leveler. You might be a hotshot advertising executive or a lowly foundry worker, but if you cannot hold your drink, you are just a drunkard.
John  Williams|When you push your stroller past a group of elderly women, you'll see in the turning gladness of their bodies a glimpse of the children they had been, turning toward the tin music of the ice cream van.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, The Social Contract|If the people who make the decisions are the people who will also bear the consequences of those decisions, perhaps better decisions will result.
Dana Marton, Deathwish|She turned on the radio. Christmas music filled the car. She turned it off with a groan.	"It's not going to turn you into an elf if you listen," he promised and liked the smile that played at the corner of her lips, wiggling the small mole that kept drawing his attention.	She glanced at him. "Do you believe in Christmas?"	"I do," he said without hesitation.	"Even after all you've seen and done overseas?"	"Especially because of that...
Christopher Hitchens, god is Not Great: How Religion Poisons Everything|* Thoughts are energy, energy is matter, and matter doesn’t disappear.* Pay attention to coincidence.* You can choose your identity." And a recent one: Only the present moment matters.
Katlyn Charlesworth, The Beauty Mark|Person 1: "Stay back....I have a demon inside of me."Person 2: "Let me get closer...I have a hell inside me where your demons can live."(from Dark Winter, #2 - out Halloween 2014)
Michael   Lewis, Moneyball: The Art of Winning an Unfair Game|The triple of Jeremy Brown's imagination, in reality, is a home run.
Tom Waits|Children make up the best songs, anyway. Better than grown-ups. Kids are always working on songs and throwing them away, like little origami things or paper airplanes. They don't care if they lose it; they'll just make another one.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Tyson pounding the Earthborn into the ground like a game of whack-a-mole. Ella was fluttering above him, dodging missiles and calling out advice: "The groin. The Earthborn's groin is sensitive."SMASH!"Good. Yes. Tyson found its groin.
Richard Matheson, Now You See It . . .|How shall I typify what happened? Passion play? Somewhat. Weird tale? Indubitably. Horror story? Pretty close. Grotesque melodrama? Certainly. Black comedy? Your point of view will determine that. Perhaps it was a combination of them all... So, to the story. A chronicle of greed and cruelty, horror and rapacity, sadism and murder. Love, American style.
Antal Szerb|I have to tell you about these things from the past, because they are so important. The really important things usually lie in the distant past. And until you know about them, if you'll forgive my saying so, you will always to some extent a mere newcomer in my life.When I was at High School my favourite pastime was walking. Or rather, loitering. If we are talking about my adolescence, it's the more accurate word. Systematically, one by one, I explored all the districts of Pest. I relished the special atmosphere of every quarter and every street. Even now I can still find the same delight in houses that I did then. In this respect I've never grown up. Houses have so much to say to me. For me, they are what Nature used to be to the poets - or rather, what the poets thought of as Nature.But best of all I loved the Castle Hill District of Buda. I never tired of its ancient streets. Even in those days old things attracted me more than new ones. For me the deepest truth was found only in things suffused with the lives of many generations, which hold the past as permanently as mason Kelemen's wife buried in the high tower of Deva.
Annette Bening|There's inevitably something missing when you grow up in this kind of an environment when your parents travel a lot. When your father is famous, you are looked at and expected of. There are standards you need to meet.
Marie Lu|As years go by, chances of winning here are getting slimmer. That's just a matter of fact. It does get tougher, but it's possible, there's a tiny little chance.
Debasish Mridha|When you're in love, life is a kiss.When you are in doubt life is amiss.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|True self-confidence never needs to degrade the confidence of others in order to grow. If it does, it’s not confidence at all…it’s ego.
Meek Mill|Bad debt is debt that makes you poorer. I count the mortgage on my home as bad debt, because I'm the one paying on it. Other forms of bad debt are car payments, credit card balances, or other consumer loans.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|Don’t be gloomy. Do not dwell on unkind things. Stop seeking out the storms and enjoy more fully the sunlight. Even if you are not happy, put a smile on your face. ‘Accentuate the positive.’ Look a little deeper for the good. Go forward in life with a twinkle in your eye and a smile on your face, with great and strong purpose in your heart. Love life.
Robin Wall Kimmerer|Juliet is so beautiful," Mr. Buckmaster agreed, "that her being a maid is a reflection on capitalism.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Non-thinking is an act of annihilation, a wish to negate existence, an attempt to wipe out reality. But existence exists; reality is not to be wiped out, it will merely wipe out the wiper. By refusing to say ‘It is,’ you are refusing to say ‘I am.’ By suspending your judgment, you are negating your person. When a man declares: ‘Who am I to know?’- he is declaring: ‘Who am I to live?
Céleste Albaret, Monsieur Proust|He wanted to know all about me and my family and especially my childhood.That's where everything starts, he'd say. Both heaven and hell.
Jamie McCall, Living the High Life Without Drinking the Champagne|Be grateful. These feelings, no matter how painful, are part ofliving. Today, we are alive—not anesthetized, not sedated, not passedout. Take control of your feelings and through action you can change.Today, as every day of sober living, we have a choice.
Jane Green, Summer Secrets|Inasmuch as you cannot predict if and when you will be disappointed, once it happens you have only two choices: You can either let it consume you, until you become bitter and resentful. Or, you can accept what has happened, learn from it and move on. It really is that simple. What we tend to do is over analyze.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|But beauty, real beauty, ends where an intellectual expression begins. Intellect is in itself a mode of exaggeration, and destroys the harmony of any face. The moment one sits down to think, one becomes all nose, or all forehead, or something horrid. Look at the successful men in any of the learned professions. How perfectly hideous they are! Except, of course, in the Church. But then in the Church they don't think.
Shannon L. Alder|Truth changes with the season of our emotions. It is the shadow that moves with the phases of our inner sun. When the nights falls, only our perception can guess where it hides in the dark. Within every solar system of the soul lies a plan of what truth is--- the design God has created, in our own unique story. This is as varying as the constellations, and as turning as the tide. It is not one truth we live to, but many. If we ever hope to determine if there is such a thing as truth, apart from cultural and personal preferences, we must acknowledge that we are then aiming to discover something greater than ourselves, something that transcends culture and individual inclinations. Some say that we must look beyond ourselves and outside of ourselves. However, we don’t need to look farther than what is already in each other. If there was any great plan from a higher power it is a simplistic, repetitious theme found in all religions; the basic core importance to unity comes from shared theological and humanistic virtues. Beyond the synagogue, mosques, temples, churches, missionary work, church positions and religious rituals comes a simple “message of truth” found in all of us, that binds theology---holistic virtues combined with purpose is the foundation of spiritual evolution. The diversity among us all is not divided truth, but the opportunity for unity through these shared values. Truth is the framework and roadmap of positive virtues. It unifies diversity when we choose to see it and use it. It is simple message often lost among the rituals, cultural traditions and socializing that goes on behind the chapel doors of any religion or spiritual theology. As we fight among ourselves about what religion, culture or race is right, we often lose site of the simple message any great orator has whispered through time----a simplistic story explaining the importance of virtues, which magically reemphasizes the importance of loving one another through service.
Will Rogers|The government is us; WE are the government, you and I."- Theodore Roosevelt
Walter Kirn|My advice for aspiring writers is go to New York. And if you can’t go to New York, go to the place that represents New York to you, where the standards for writing are high, there are other people who share your dreams, and where you can talk, talk, talk about your interests. Writing books begins in talking about it, like most human projects, and in being close to those who have already done what you propose to do.
Fyodor Dostoevsky|When I look back at that freedom of childhood, which is in a way infinite, and at all the joy and the intense happiness, now lost, I sometimes think that childhood is where the real meaning of life is located, and that we, adults, are its servants - that that's our purpose.
J.D. Kirkland, The Guardian Society|This look said I was uncomfortably near some line. Nikos had a lot of lines, all hidden. If you shot a marble in on one side of his personality, instead of coming out the other it would bounce on secret internal walls and shoot out in some unpredictable way. I suspected some of those ways were deadly.
Thomm Quackenbush, A Creature Was Stirring|Some points in time cannot flow. Think of those big-ticket moments, the ones you could still recite from fifth grade: your 1492 and Civil Wars, the Titanic and presidential assassinations. These are icebergs, solid and immense, forcing incalculable eddies to swirl around them.
James Madison, The Federalist Papers|Failing to fulfill your responsibilities is not only a reflection of your priorities, but also your integrity. Your actions define your character not the words you utter.
Robert Vanleeuwen|Greatness is not a term of success, but of endurance.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|Mary Webster was on the blower. Her advance agents saw Hank and me swimming in the middle of the river last night with no clothes on.H'rm, said Atticus. He touched his glasses. I hope you weren't doing the backstroke.
Donna Grant, Hot Blooded|You've walked the woods today. Tell me there isna something about this land that doesna take hold of you and sink into your verra soul."Her smile slowly faded. "It did. How did you know?""You were born here, Iona.You were part of this land, just as it's a part of you. You've been gone a long time, but it still remembers you. You just needed to remember it.
David K. DeWolf, Traipsing Into Evolution: Intelligent Design and the Kitzmiller v. Dover Decision|Teachers seeking to 'teach the controversy' over Darwinian evolution in today's climate will likely be met with false warnings that it is unconstitutional to say anything negative about Darwinian evolution. Students who attempt to raise questions about Darwinism, or who try to elicit from the teacher an honest answer about the status of intelligent design theory will trigger administrators' concerns about whether they stand in Constitutional jeopardy. A chilling effect on open inquiry is being felt in several states already, including Ohio. South Carolina, and Pennsylvania. [District Court] Judge Jones's message is clear: give Darwin only praise, or else face the wrath of the judiciary.
Sunday Adelaja|God gave us His authority, He gave us His wisdom, He is waiting for our actions
Satchel Paige|Let us never know what old age is. Let us know the happiness time brings, not count the years.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Grace God's Unmerited Favor|When we understand the character of God, when we grasp something of His holiness, then we begin to understand the radical character of our sin and hopelessness. Helpless sinners can survive only by grace. Our strength is futile in itself; we are spiritually impotent without the assistance of a merciful God. We may dislike giving our attention to God's wrath and justice, but until we incline ourselves to these aspects of God's nature, we will never appreciate what has been wrought for us by grace. Even Edwards's sermon on sinners in God's hands was not designed to stress the flames of hell. The resounding accent falls not on the fiery pit but on the hands of the God who holds us and rescues us from it. The hands of God are gracious hands. They alone have the power to rescue us from certain destruction.
Kate DiCamillo, The Tale of Despereaux|Reader, do you think it is a terrible thing to hope when there is really no reason to hope at all? Or is it (as the soldier said about happiness) something that you might just as well do, since,in the end, it really makes no difference to anyone but you?
Nick Harkaway|The reason steampunk attracts people is that it is premised on a technology which is visible and pleasing to the naked eye, and whose moving parts are comprehensible on a human scale.
Deyth Banger|The best was created without sleeping and drinking coca-cola. For what am I talking?For the Future of the computers check out the beginning then check out the "now".
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Driving a car provides a person with a rush of dopamine in the brain, which hormonal induced salience spurs modalities of creative and critical thinking regarding philosophical concepts such as truth, logical necessity, possibility, impossibility, chance, and contingency.
Gloria Swanson|The higher the artist, the fewer the gestures. The fewer the tools, the greater the imagination. The greater the will, the greater the secret failure.
Gabrielle Zevin, The Storied Life of A.J. Fikry|And then, despite the fact that A. J. does not believe in God, he closes his eyes and thanks whomever, the higher power, with all his porcupine heart.
Lilly Pulitzer|Despite the forecast, live like it's spring.
Darshana Suresh, Howling at the Moon|Like you're taking the universe by thethroat and saying, look, I know Ican never be as big as you, but yousure as hell can't stop me from trying.Like taking the sadness and wringingit out and saying, look, I knowyou won't leave me alone, but yousure as hell can't stop me living.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|The armored infantry was Santa Claus, the battle was out Christmas. What else for the elves to do on Christmas Eve but to let their hair down and drink a a little eggnog.
Tirumalai S. Srivatsan|The three species of pine native to Wisconsin (white, red and jack) differ radically in their opinions about marriageable age. The precocious jackpine sometimes bloom and bears cones a year or two after leaving the nursery, and a few of my 13-year-old jacks already boast of grandchildren. My 13-year-old reds first bloomed this year, but my whites have not yet bloomed; they adhere closely to the Anglo-Saxon doctrine of free, white, and twenty-one.
Kate Inglis, Flight of the Griffons|I come to oil country with a book about radicals who wish for the end of pipelines. But that's not what it's about. It's the friction point of prosperity and concern, ability and disability, the loss of bodily presence and the gain of ghost messages. It's misplaced outrage and well-placed courage. It's banjo song and smoke in your eye. Stories hinge there, swinging this way and that.
Georgia Saratsioti, Dreaming is for lovers|I had a dream about you. We were actors in a horror movie and I was hunting you down with a knife. When I finally cornered you the director yelled "Cut".... What? I can't be blamed for following instructions.
Molly Ringle, Persephone's Orchard|I pulled him close. “You can try your best. The only problem is after this is all over with reality is going to be waiting for me.”He took my shirt off and tossed it over his shoulder pulling me down on the couch. He kissed me again, biting at my lip. “Ignorance is bliss.
Dada Bhagwan|Unless the Self is known, the power of the Self (swasatta) cannot arise.
John Green|We tried war, we tried aggression, we tried intervention. None of it works. Why don't we try peace, as a science of human relations, not as some vague notion - as everyday work.
Arun Joshi, Strange Case of Billy Biswas|..I marvelled at the intense beauty of this human relationship that was born out of so much love and was destined, perhaps inevitably, to end in a tragedy of such terrible proportions.
Anthony T. Hincks|Dad? What are you going to give the people of Earth?" Jesus asked."I'm going to give them each a rainbow so that they will know how special they are," God said.
Amy Whitaker, Museum Legs: Fatigue and Hope in the Face of Art|In bluntest terms, art museums risk being commercial institutions in which art is subsumed by economics and the experience of looking at art becomes a form of consumption.
C. JoyBell C.|Don't have an opinion about a person until you know them. And then when you do know the person, know him or her in such a way that you won't even think of having any opinions about them! Because you know them enough to believe that your opinions wouldn't matter, anyway. Because the importance of your opinions dim in the light of their meaningful souls. This is how to love humanity.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If God give you a status, don't turn yourself to a statue. Don't become a monument. God still want to reside inside you but not in a monument.
Debasish Mridha|Be not proud of your intelligence. Be simple, wise, and humble.
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|The justice which would forgive miles of innocent errors of knowledge, would not forgive a single step taken in conscious evil.
Desmond Tutu|The combination of power, optimism and abstract thinking makes powerful people more certain. The more cut-off they are from others, the more confident they are that they are right.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|I love rules and I love following them, unless that rule is stupid.
CrimethInc.|Why O why did I ever leave my hobbit-hole?" said poor Mr. Baggins, bumping up and down on Bombur's back.
Angela Richardson, Vindicativa|When I let go of my own work, my own priorities, I lost the qualities he had been attracted to in the first place. That's how he put it. He loved the woman I was before I was in love with him.
Bruce Cockburn|I've been scraping little shavings off my ration of lightAnd I've formed it into a ball, and each time I pack a bit more onto itI make a bowl of my hands and I scoop it from its secret cacheUnder a loose board in the floorAnd I blow across it and I send it to youAgainst those moments whenThe darkness blows under your doorIsn't that what friends are for?
Annie Besant|Working with one of the best strength trainers in the world, I'm getting more dangerous. I'm getting stronger and stronger.
Charles Dickens, Hard Times|She was the most wonderful woman for prowling about the house. How she got from one story to another was a mystery beyond solution. A lady so decorous in herself, and so highly connected, was not to be suspected of dropping over the banisters or sliding down them, yet her extraordinary facility of locomotion suggested the wild idea.
Rachel Carson|The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe about us, the less taste we shall have for destruction.
C.S. Lewis, The Business of Heaven: Daily Readings from C. S. Lewis|Nature is only the image, the symbol; but it is the symbol Scripture invites me to use. We are summoned to pass in through Nature, beyond her, into that splendour which she fitfully reflects.
Deyth Banger|I know the strategy, I know the logic, I know the way but everything is on theory, but fuck me without action it's just a one peace which isn't assembled!
Michael Crichton, The Lost World|Now, science cannot completely exclude the possibility of supernatural explanation. It is possible - though very unlikely - that our whole world is controlled by elves.
J.R. Rim|Death does not end my life, it opens the door to a life without end.
Patricia Love, The Emotional Incest Syndrome: What to do When a Parent's Love Rules Your Life|Psychotherapy isn't a twentieth-century artifice imposed on nature, but the reinstatement of a natural healing process.
Jennifer Coburn, We'll Always Have Paris: A Mother/Daughter Memoir|Depending on which flavor of academic scholarship you prefer, that age had its roots in the Renaissance or Mannerist periods in Germany, England, and Italy. It first bloomed in France in the garden of Jean-Jacques Rousseau in the 1780s. Others point to François-René de Chateaubriand’s château circa 1800 or Victor Hugo’s Paris apartments in the 1820s and ’30s. The time frame depends on who you ask. All agree Romanticism reached its apogee in Paris in the 1820s to 1840s before fading, according to some circa 1850 to make way for the anti-Romantic Napoléon III and the Second Empire, according to others in the 1880s when the late Romantic Decadents took over. Yet others say the period stretched until 1914—conveniently enduring through the debauched Belle Époque before expiring in time for World War I and the arrival of that other perennial of the pigeonhole specialists, modernism. There are those, however, who look beyond dates and tags and believe the Romantic spirit never died, that it overflowed, spread, fractured, came back together again like the Seine around its islands, morphed into other isms, changed its name and address dozens of times as Nadar and Balzac did and, like a phantom or vampire or other supernatural invention of the Romantic Age, it thrives today in billions of brains and hearts. The mother ship, the source, the living shrine of Romanticism remains the city of Paris.
Kelly    Martin, When Everyone Shines But You - Saying Goodbye To I'm Not Good Enough|Finn said, “You feel the wind is a bully, beating you. But that is your seeing. That is your story, not the wind’s. To a bird who rides it, that wind is only a kind hand. Because the bird rides the wind’s power. Do you understand?” Clare, bitter, cold, and wind-battered, frowned stubbornly. “But a bird can fly. I can’t fly.” He turned to look at her, and his face was troubled. “If you cling to the safety of the rock, indeed you can’t. To fly, you open your arms and fall, heart first, trusting the wind to bear you up. That’s what the birds do.
Jonathan Maberry|It would indeed be a sad misfortune if man were released from the necessity of work and struggle, for it is a well-known fact that organs which do not function atrophy; and according to the old saying, 'Idleness is the devil's workshop.'
Thomas Szasz|The problem, of course, was that people did not seem to understand the difference between right and wrong. They needed to be reminded about this, because if you left it to them to work out for themselves, they would never bother. They would just find out what was best for them, and then they would call that the right thing. That's how most people thought.
Kelly Stables|I really woke up one morning and said, you know, 'I haven't seen a good film about the American Revolution. And all the ones I have seen haven't been successful, but I'm going to make a successful one.' Well, I wasn't able to do that.
Jaclyn Smith|Republican patience with how unionism deals with the political institutions, and with key issues like equality and human rights, will be tested because, obviously, there will be a battle a day on these matters. So lets face up to all of this with our eyes wide open.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|I glance back in the mirror to the concrete bridge, the one I've boldly driven straight across without second thought, and I see truth reflecting back at me: Every time fear freezes and worry writhes, every time I surrender to stress, aren't I advertising the unreliability of God? That I really don't believe? But if I'm grateful to the Bridge Builder for the crossing of a million strong bridges, thankful for a million faithful moments, my life speaks my beliefs and I trust Him again.
Haruki Murakamiurakami|There are times when Los Angeles is the most magical city on Earth. When the Santa Ana winds sweep through and the air is warm and so, so clear. When the jacaranda trees bloom in the most brilliant lilac violet. When the ocean sparkles on a warm February day and you're pushing fine grains of sand through your bare toes while the rest of the country is hunkered down under blankets slurping soup. But other times, like when the jacaranda trees drop their blossoms in an eerie purple rain, Los Angeles feels like only a half-formed dream. Like perhaps the city was founded as a strip mall in the early 1970s and has no real reason to exist. An afterthought from the designer of some other, better city. A playground made only for attractive people to eat expensive salads.
Hamzatribah|To be great in life, you must be determined. You can only discover yourself when you are self motivated .
George Takei|I'd like to think that, when I explain it, that Mr. Trump will understand marriage is defined by two people who love each other, commit to each other, and will care for each other through thick and thin.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Reaching the top of a high mountain is just a personal victory. But for a victory to be important for the society, it has to be useful for the humanity!
David Chang|I know I had my equivalents in Adrian Lester and Lenny James when I was at drama school. I remember David Harewood doing 'Othello' at the National, and Adrian Lester having done Cheek by Jowl's famous 'As You Like It and Company' at the Donmar. Not necessarily performances I saw, but just the fact they happened was massively encouraging.
Clay Shirky, Here Comes Everybody: The Power of Organizing Without Organizations|His existence had always been comfortable, he had always held a clear picture of himself, his duties, and his place in a world. He saw that world as a place so full of turning gears he had no hope of comprehending how things fit together, so why even try?Now things were different, however. Now he wasn’t just looking out from inside of the clockwork. Instead, he was actually seeing the final motion of the escapement—the ticking hands of the clock itself.And it was a doomsday clock.Both his feline and human instincts told him to let it be. It was not his problem, or his place to interfere. If the living world was destined to fall, let it happen, let it pass into history once and for all. Who was he to try to save it?But on the other hand, if the living world were lost, then there would never again be great cats to furjack . . . and couldn’t it be that hearing the actual ticking of the clock gave one the responsibility to stop it?
Stacey T. Hunt, Game of Nightmares|I asked my dad what people would remember sooner, the things I said or the things I did. His response was: Forgive me, but what people?
Pavan Choudary, How A Good Person Can Really Win|But even if they could go home it would be difficult for me to tell you what the moral of the story is. In some stories, it's easy. The moral of 'The Three Bears', for instance, is "Never break into someone else's house". The moral of 'Snow White' is "Never eat apples". The moral of World War One is "Never assassinate Archduke Ferdinand.
Auliq Ice|Unexpected gifts were better accepted when they were presented by total strangers, I had learnt.
Philip Pullman|Religion grants its adherents malign, intoxicating and morally corrosive sensations. Destroying intellectual freedom is always evil, but only religion makes doing evil feel quite so good.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Speculation, movements having abandoned rational thought, echo chambers, projection, hypocrisy by little to no self-awareness, bewildering minds brainwashed and manipulative hearts manipulated - one is sure to find these à la people cock-sure in their biased and fanatical, immovable despising of persons. We would all do well to humbly re-think from time to time: 'Whom do I really hate? For what purpose?
Idries Shah, Wisdom of the Idiots|Superior experience and knowledge will be made available to a man or woman in exact accordance with his worth, capacity and earning of it
Mark Twain|But death was sweet, death was gentle, death was kind; death healed the bruised spirit and the broken heart, and gave them rest and forgetfulness; death was man’s best friend; when man could endure life no longer, death came and set him free.
Unarine Ramaru|Pray for change in your heart and not your circumstance, and you will see what will happen.
Richard John Neuhaus|The end of law is not to abolish or restrain, but to preserve and enlarge freedom.
Carrie Adams, The Godmother|Someone once said that marriage is like standing in a corridor lined with doors. You go off through your door, he goes through his, but at the end of the day you have to come back to the corridor, touch base, hold hands, because through every door are more doors, and beyond them, more again, and if you both go through too many without coming back to the corridor, you may never find your way back.
Michel de Certeau, The Practice of Everyday Life|The old sailors who traveled Earth's seas were said to have loved the ocean. The great captains said they were married to the sea or called the sea their mistress. Modern sailors held no such fantasies about outer space. Space did not love or hate, it simply killed anything it touched.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|It’s is good you are about something. But wait and ask, “why and how?”. Without “whys and hows”, not every energetic movement can be called progress.
Neal Shusterman, Dread Locks|Sometimes, though, you make a pact with yourself. I'll pretend there's nothing wrong if you pretend there's nothing wrong. It's called denial, and it's one of the strongest pacts in the world. Just ask all those people who were still drinking champagne while the Titanic went down.
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|He let out a hiss of pain,then smiled that crooked, sheepish smile he always fell back on when he was caught doing something bad. "Sorry. I-I didn't mean to. I just- I've been lying here for hours, thinking about blood.
Justin Wetch, Bending The Universe|Be unprepared, that's my motto. Be unprepared, and let life overwhelm you.
Garry Hynes|I grew up in a very spiritual home in a Liberty City neighborhood of Miami, FL. I was raised in the church, and my mother was a very inspirational person in my life.
Ben Aaronovitch, Whispers Under Ground|I prefer to be a sad screwed stupid bitch, than a fucking liar, fake and pretender that has to put different masks per day.
Laurie Perez, Breakthrough: How to Have Compassion for Those Who Do Harm|Feel compassion for your own heart that was broken open by grief or confusion.Then tune in to the other level of that experience. Some part of you was heroic inside that moment of your life.Some part of you was looking out for you, wanting you to make it through, encouraging you to love and heal and be larger than the message you were getting. Access the hero inside your own story....
Naomi Wolf|Is the beauty myth good to men? It hurts them by teaching them how to avoid loving women. It prevents men from actually seeing women. It does not, contrary to its own professed ideology, stimulate and gratify sexual longing. In suggesting a vision in place of a woman, it has a numbing effect, reducing all senses but the visual, and impairing even that.
Emily Perkins, Novel About My Wife|This is what we had become, after the first symbiotic year of our living together: a couple who needed another couple to be around.
Tiffany Dufu, Drop the Ball: Achieving More by Doing Less|I used to be the queen of domesticity, a Good Housekeeping cover model in the making. I was also an ambitious professional. These two identities had always been on a collision course. But I was oblivious to that fact until after the crash.
Dana Marton, Flash Fire|Do you two know each other?" Jason asked.	She jerked her hand away, thankful Trent let go. "No."	"Yes," Trent said at the same time.	Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Jason take a few steps back. "Okay then. I'm going to catch up with Sharpe. When you two figure out whether you know each other or not, find me.
Marcia Lebhar|The God of Christianity never claims to be fair. He goes beyond fair. The Bible teaches that he decided not to give us what we deserve--that's mercy. In addition, God decided to give us what we don't deserve--we call that grace.
Abhijit Naskar|Sophistication is not science people, simplicity is.
Gaston Bachelard, The Poetics of Space|I lay down across her with my face in her breasts and my hand on her. We lay there without moving. But under us all moved, and moved us, gently, up and down, and from side to side.(Pause. Krapp's lips move. No sound.)Past midnight. Never knew such silence. The earth might be uninhabited.
Bertrand Russell, A History of Western Philosophy|William James describes a man who got the experience from laughing-gas; whenever he was under its influence, he knew the secret of the universe, but when he came to, he had forgotten it. At last, with immense effort, he wrote down the secret before the vision had faded. When completely recovered, he rushed to see what he had written. It was: "A smell of petroleum prevails throughout.
Jacqueline R. Kanovitz, Constitutional Law for Criminal Justice|It's best to keep America just like that, always in the background, a sort of picture post card which you look at in a weak moment. Like that, you imagine it's always there waiting for you, unchanged, unspoiled....It doesn't exist, America. It's a name you give to an abstract idea.
Tony Dovale|A High Performance team requires people with High Performance Mindsets, with relevant competence, committed and balanced communication, to a meaningful and challenging goal.
Elbridge Gerry Paige, Short Patent Sermons Volume 1|PORTERThis is a lot of knocking! Come to think of it, if a man were in charge of opening the gates of hell to let people in, he would have to turn the key a lot.
Ben Barnes|During the Depression, my dad made radios to sell to make extra money. Nobody had any money to buy the radios, so he would trade them for dogs. He built kennels in the backyard, and he cared for the dogs.
Rebecca McNutt, Shadowed Skies: The Third Smog City Novel|Why do they lie?” she asked herself aloud. “They say time makes losing someone you loved easier to deal with, but it only makes it worse.
RVM|Life is not a puzzle to solve. Stop, Enjoy the Journey!
Donya Petrock, Six Ways from Sunday|Sometime [Queen Mab] driveth o'er a soldier's neck, And then dreams he of cutting foreign throats,Of breaches, ambuscadoes, Spanish blades,Of healths five fathom deep; and then anonDrums in his ear, at which he starts and wakes,And being thus frighted, swears a prayer or twoAnd sleeps again
Billy Collins|I am fascinated by the evolution of language, and how local versions diverge to become dialects like Cornish English and Geordie and then imperceptibly diverge further to become mutually unintelligible but obviously related languages like German and Dutch. The analogy to genetic evolution is close enough to be illuminating and misleading at the same time. When populations diverge to become species, the time of separation is defined as the moment when they can no longer interbreed. I suggest that two dialects should be deemed to reach the status of separate languages when they have diverged to an analogously critical point: the point where, if a native speaker of one attempts to speak the other it is taken as a compliment rather than as an insult.
litymunshi|when you are in pain __ no one can feel this better than you .this is not a shame to be in emotional pain.you love someone or hate __ not in your hand . a part of life to going through pain. pain may cause silent killer of your health .what you must do _ focus on your pain .realizing helps . then you would feel at a point _you have to get out of it. then the moment you focus what can destruct your emotional pain .music ,screaming ,going out,writing, anything ,you may pick up. one last thing __ never lie to self. shoot direct question and answer to self . create hobbies .then focus on yourself. look how brilliant you are . how unique you are . then admit ,no power can hurt you so much that has nothing to do with your well being . now _ reject . start to reject . once you understand your pain, the cause , how to keep self safety , ___you are powerful to reject pain slowly .
A. Bartlett Giamatti, Take Time for Paradise: Americans and Their Games|Sports represent a shared vision of how we continue, as individual, team, or community, to experience a happiness or absence of care so intense, so rare, and so fleeting that we associate their experience with experience otherwise described as religious or we say the sports experience must be the tattered remnant of an experience which was once described, when first felt, as religious.
Robert Indiana|If you know somethin' well, you can always paint it but people would be better off buyin' chickens.
Juliette Fay, Shelter Me|So what does forgiveness really do for you? Is it even a real thing? Or is it something humans just made up to make ourselves feel better? Or is it like the concept of time, something that actually exists, but our little brains can't really comprehend it, so we just measure it and give the pieces names until we've dumbed it down for ourselves?
Laure Sheck|Thinking has a quiet skin. But I feel the  and  of things inside it. Blue hills most gentle in calm light, then stretches of assailAnd ransack. Such tangles of charred wreckage, shrapnel-bits Singling and singeing where they fall. I feel the stumbling gait of what I am,The quiet uproar of undone, how to be hidden is a tempting, violent thing— Each thought breaking always in another.All the unlawful elsewheres rushing in.
Dan Phillips|The Bible says that our core problem, the fundamental reason we do what we do, is sin.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|Smartass Disciple: But, you said that it's the truth??Master of Stupidity: O Yes. That is yesterday's truth.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you want to give birth to any discoveries or inventions, you must start practicing solitude.
Kathleen Alcott|We needed no Shakespeare to feel -- though, perhaps, like the rest of the world, we needed him to express it.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Because you don't get to choose your parents, , and at some point you realise that maybe your parents just aren't able to parent very well, but we exist, and the only choice we've got in the whole situation is whether we're gonna love them anyway. It's as simple and messy and complicated as that
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|It is about time that, atheist or no, we call a spade a spade, and outed lies, and suspicious statements are placed against the backdrop of a linguistic litmus test.
Loretta Chase, Three Weddings and a Kiss|. . . I still wouldn't be able to control myself around him, and I'm math geek enough to know that equation doesn't work out.
Nicola Yoon|And what about the lovers who spend hours staring into each other's eyes?Is it a display of trust? I will let you in close and trust you not to hurt me while I'm in this vulnerable position. And if trust is one of the foundations of love, perhaps the staring is a way to build or reinforce it. Or maybe it's simpler than that. A simple search for connection.To see.To be seen.
kokonda nikhil kumar|As much as I enjoyed yoga courses, it was hard to make time for them. Generally speaking, my work arrangements were flexible, so it was mostly a psychological problem: it was hard to convince myself it was acceptable to go twist my body into knots for two hours when there was work to be done.
Maer Wilson, Relics|Why did you laugh right before you lost consciousness.”“Death’s an adventure. I lived big. Rigor mortis makes your face stick. So, who knew how to thaw me?”“Death’s an insult.”“At least an affront,” I agree.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|He’s focused on something—or someone—over her shoulder.The harmonious warbling of the rainforest morphs into organized disarray, as if a primitive maestro has thrown conducting to the wind and let Mother Nature take over. Birds trill a warning as the breeze rustles the plant life. Wings flutter overhead. A crescendo of stridulation changes tempo, the insects seemingly performing a sonata as the rhythm shifts yet again.“What—who is it?” Summer asks in a strained whisper.His gaze lands on her, his brows furrowing. “The Forsaken.
Benjamin Franklin|Money and corruption are ruining the land, crooked politicians betray the working man, pocketing the profits and treating us like sheep, and we're tired of hearing promises that we know they'll never keep.
Gia Russell, Will He Ever Return?|To make a difference in the world, it only takes one optimistic person, who can gather millions of people to make the change.
Thomas Ligotti, Songs of a Dead Dreamer|And when he had crossed the bridge, the phantoms came to meet him.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|Understand that success is not an accident, but a planned event.
Vishal Chipkar, Enter Heaven|Superhuman' is an extraordinary personality living in the godliness and wisdom taking over the human intelligence, a pure eternal life, driven by the divine force, living for the welfare of the mankind unconditionally. Superhumans are those who live to unite with the Supreme Power.
chioma Nkachukwu|Most of us believe we can spot a drowning person when we see one. But we always make the mistake of thinking that drowning only involves what. believe it or not, you have missed quite a number of drowned and drowning people. Some of us are thought to save some one drowning in water, most of us can spot that too, but none of us has been thought to see the other kinds of drowners, nor how to save them.
Virginia Woolf|(...) Sir Boris had fought and killed the Paynim; Sir Gawain, the Turk; Sir Miles, the Pole; Sir Andrew, the Frank; Sir Richard, the Austrian; Sir Jordan, the Frenchman; and Sir Herbert, the Spaniard. But of all that killing and campaigning, that drinking and love-making, that spending and hunting and riding and eating, what remained? A skull; a finger. Whereas, he said, turning to the page of Sir Thomas Browne, which lay open upon the table – and again he paused. Like an incantation rising from all parts of the room, from the night wind and the moonlight, rolled the divine melody of those words which, lest they should outstare this page, we will leave where they lie entombed, not dead, embalmed rather, so fresh is their colour, so sound their breathing – and Orlando, comparing that achievement with those of his ancestors, cried out that they and their deeds were dust and ashes, but this man and his words were immortal.
Erika Robuck, The House of Hawthorne|Putting into words what exactly was off is not easy. I myself don’t even understand it. It was like a replica of my best friend was sitting in front of me, saying well-rehearsed lines at the wrong cues whilst I struggled to remember my dialogues. It was as if you had talked to me in some other language, a vernacular I used to be fluent in; but now, although the words sounded familiar, I really had no idea what you meant.
E.B. White|Thus I, gone forth, as spiders do,In spider’s web a truth discerning,Attach one silken strand to youFor my returning.
Chris Gibson|During my travels in Iraq, Israel, Gaza, Brazil, Indonesia, Japan, Europe and all over the United States, I have seen and heard the voices of people who want change. They want the stabilization of the economy, education and healthcare for all, renewable energy and an environmental vision with an eye on generations to come.
Amit Kalantri|You will miss a normal life while living a successful life, but not as much as the craving for a successful life while you were living a normal life.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|There's a difference between thinking you can't be wrong and having no regrets. Wrongness is what occurs prior to empiricism, in hindsight a counterpart of revelation, and revelation is nothing to regret.
Toffee, Finding Juliet|Life has to be lived fully, experiencing pleasure until you find happiness. It's tricky, but in many cases, it’s only after men experience the pleasures of lust at its fullest that they begin to appreciate love at its best.
Emma Watson|Tolstoy may be right about happy and unhappy families, but in ballet, it works the opposite way: All good ballets are different from each other and all bad ones are alike, at least in one crucial respect - they're all empty.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|A pineapple is a compilation of berries that grow and fuse together. When joined, they create a single fruit. And within each eyelet, contains a location where a flower may grow. I see the Creator of all existence as the crown on a pineapple, and all religions of the world as the spiky eyelets, where each eyelet symbolizes a different religion or race under the same crown. Each garden of faith may have different perspectives of God, yet every garden belongs to the same God.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Power is given only to those you allow to have power over you. No man was born with a master. The only master of all is the Creator, and he created all men to be free. Freedom is a God-given right, not a human-granted gift. No man should have to fight to breathe in good health and peace.
KSI|The concept of the robot encapsulates both aspects of technology. On one hand it's cool, it's fun, it's healthy, it's sexy, it's stylish. On the other hand it's terrifying, it's alienating, it's addictive, and it's scary. That has been the subject of much science-fiction literature.
Ali Shariati|My father chose my name , and my last name was chosen by my ancestors . That’s enough, I myself choose my way
Abraham H. Maslow|It seems that the necessary thing to do is not to fear mistakes, to plunge in, to do the best that one can, hoping to learn enough from blunders to correct them eventually.
Angie karan|The greatest treasures are invisible by the eye but found by the HEART. For where your treasure is, there your heart would also BE
Karen Marie Moning, Spell of the Highlander|The overwhelming noise we live with has made a fundamental pleasure like sex somehow less exciting, less satisfying, than it was for our libidinous forefathers and mothers. It seems to me that for sex and other pleasures to be enjoyed to the fullest, a certain contemplative quality to life must be present. If you doubt this imagine yourself for a moment having sex. Now imagine you wished to increase the pleasure you were feeling, feel it more intensely. What might you do? Well one of the things you'd probably do is close your eyes. What this does of course is shut out other stimuli. The visual quiet increases your sensual enjoyment and you concentrate more fully on the pleasure. The same is true for the removal of auditory noise as well. Well my feeling is that the average person has a much harder time doing this today than they would have decades ago. Today you close your eyes and shut off Television but the noise persists. It's part of our fabric now, our biology, and all other pleasures including sex are diminished as a result. We don't notice this derogation by the way and sex still feels great, don't get me wrong, but I think the difference is there nonetheless. Like the difference between seeing breasts when you're thirty as opposed to when you were thirteen.
T.B. LaBerge|... you can love completely without complete understanding.""That I have known and preached." my father said.
Brent Evans|We must evaluate every person, place, product, perspective, position, or pleasure we have looked to in place of the promises of God, and turn away from those things accordingly.
Daniel Keidl, Armageddon: Pick Your Plot|Fiction is dangerous because it lets you into other people's heads. It shows you that the world doesn't have to be like the one you live in." At the first nationally recognized science fiction convention in China in 2007, Gaiman took a party official aside and said, "While not actually illegal, science fiction is regarded as dangerous and subversive in China. Why did you say yes to a science-fiction convention?"The party official answered, "In China, we're really good at making things people bring to us, but we don't invent, we don't innovate." When Chinese party officials visited Google, Apple and Microsoft, they asked what the executives read as children. The official continued: "They all said, 'We read science fiction. The world doesn't have to be the way it is right now. We can change it.' " "That," said Gaiman, "is the big dangerous thing.
Zelda Fitzgerald, Dear Scott, Dearest Zelda: The Love Letters of F. Scott and Zelda Fitzgerald|I don’t want to live—  I want to love first, and live…incidentally.
Sunday Adelaja|A law is not good merely because the legislature wills it, but the legislature has the mortal duty to will only that which is good.
Omar Khayyám, Edward Fitzgerald's The Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam|A book of verses underneath the boughA flask of wine, a loaf of bread and thouBeside me singing in the wildernessAnd wilderness is paradise now.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|Regardless of your lot in life, build something beautiful on it.
Kelly Williams Brown, Adulting: How to Become a Grown-up in 468 Easy(ish) Steps|One of the most jolting days of adulthood comes the first time you run out of toilet paper. Toilet paper, up until this point, always just existed. And now it's a finite resource, constantly in danger of extinction, that must be carefully tracked and monitored, like pandas?
Rainer Maria Rilke|Officially, it is no more possible to be a little bit OCD than it is to be a little bit pregnant or a little bit dead.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Derived from the Greek word “em” (in) and “pathos” (feeling), the term “empath” refers to a person who is able to “feel into” the feelings of others.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|If there's only one nation in the sky, shouldn't all passports be valid for it?
Amit Kalantri|There is so much you don't know about a person. I wonder if I could've made her days a little bit easier, if I'd tried. If I'd treated her a little nicer. Wasn't that the point of the book? For women to realize, We are just two people. Not that much separates us. Not nearly as much as I'd thought.
Irving Stone, The Agony and the Ecstasy|From this vantage point he came to a realization that everything that had happened to him before this had been a journey upward through time, everything that occurred after it a descent. If he could not control his fate, why be born?
Thomas Hardy, Far from the Madding Crowd|She was of the stuff of which great men's mothers are made. She was indispensable to high generation, feared at tea-parties, hated in shops, and loved at crises.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|They were not my friends, after all. They were just the people I went to school with.
Dada Bhagwan|What is the nature of human beings? When someone does something wrong to them, they will go after him [to punish, to fight].
Robert Jordan, A Memory of Light|To help someone, or make them feel special; all it needs is to offer the tools which are thrust, and guidance, and show that you believe in the persons potential. The product is musical notes floating everywhere.”Katia M. S.
Colin Wilson, The Occult|Faculty X is simply that latent power in human beings possess to reach beyond the present. After all, we know perfectly well that the past is as real as the present, and that New York and Singapore and Lhasa and Stepney Green are all as real as the place I happen to be in at the moment. Yet my senses do not agree. They assure me that this place, here and now, is far more real than any other place or any other time. Only in certain moments of great inner intensity do I know this to be a lie. Faculty X is a sense of reality, the reality of other places and other times, and it is the possession of it — fragmentary and uncertain though it is — that distinguishes man from all other animals
J.C. Reed, Surrender Your Love|I want to take you for pleasure, and hold you in my arms for desire. I want you to know that it is your kiss that I want, not another heir to the throne. You can know that I love you, quite for yourself, when I come to your bed, and not as the York’s broodmare.”I tilt back my head and look at him under my eyelashes. “You think to bed me for love and not for children? Isn’t that sin?”His arm comes around my waist and his palm cups my breast. “I shall make sure that it feels richly sinful.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Words bend our thinking to infinite paths of self-delusion, and the fact that we spend most of our mental lives in brain mansions built of words means that we lack the objectivity necessary to see the terrible distortion of reality which language brings.
Denis Leary|In principle, I think the idea of rewarding a good effort is interesting, but movies are generally different from each other as are performances and the conditions on how the performances are given and how they're edited and so forth.
Derek Landy, Kingdom of the Wicked|You look angry," he said."You put me on hold.""For a very good reason.""You put me," she said very, very slowly, "on hold.
Cassandra Gannon, Wicked Ugly Bad|Sad really.” Avenant mused. “Trevelyan was part of a majestic race. Doomed and enslaved by lesser beings, but majestic, none the less.” His gaze swept over the rest of the group with a sigh. “I know the feeling well.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|Then Maeglin bowed low and took Turgon for lord and king, to do all his will; but thereafter he stood silent and watchful, for the bliss and splendour of Gondolin surpassed all that he had imagined from the tales of his mother, and he was amazed by the strength of the city and the hosts of its people, and the many things strange and beautiful that he beheld. Yet to none were his eyes more often drawn than to Idril the King's daughter, who sat beside him; for she was golden as the Vanyar, her mother's kindred, and she seemed to him as the sun from which all the King's hall drew its light.
Philip Caputo, A Rumor Of War|My squad is my family, my gun is my provider, and protector, and my rule is to kill or be killed.
Sara Wolf, Brutal Precious|I'm crazy and going crazier, and I don't know how to stop it.I don't know how to stop this hurrible darkness from eating me alive, and no one in the world is going to help me.
Look Im A Cat|By that thinking, surely she was not bad Luck, but Good, undefined.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Crimson Death|I know, I know. I rescued him and he’s bonded to me like a baby duck.
Aiden Shaw, Sordid Truths: Selling My Innocence for a Taste of Stardom|Writing from the perspective of women survivors of violence, Moore is at his most appealing; though his writing about sex and brutality can verge on the exploitative, he sometimes reveals an unexpected sympathy with dominated women.
P.G. Wodehouse, Mike at Wrykyn|The true philosopher is a man who says "All right," and goes to sleep in his armchair.
Stephen Dedman, The Art of Arrow Cutting|If you hurt Muse, I will hunt you down, use every rusted weapon I own, cut off your precious parts and feed them to the hellhounds." Ryder
Funny, Humor, Screenwri|The first and foremost leadership quality is Honesty, the business and its employees are a reflection of a leader and as a result the ethical behavior will be followed by everyone in the team
Thomas Harris, The Silence of the Lambs|The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.
Avina Celeste|When you start believing that you are too old to enjoy something, you lose so much joy in your life.
Jamaica Kincaid|You can't be crazy and wild when you're on work time. But, I like it, in that sense I think it makes you a better person for having matured at a younger age.
Daya Kudari|Don't let success go to your head and failure to your heart." - Will Smith.
Lorraine Hansberry, A Raisin in the Sun|I know he's rich. He knows he's rich, too.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whatever you want, you must have the desire to work for it.
Roy L. Pickering Jr., Patches Of Grey|What is this thing? Did you make it?”“I am a chemist, aren’t I?” Laurence says.“You own a meth-lab,” Benjamin says. “That does not qualify you as a chemist.
Kameron Hurley, Rapture|Stop to kiss, the kissing gatedemands, and so do we, its fines.
Michael Chabon|All of the dissatisfactions he had felt in his practice of the art form he had stumbled across within a week of his arrival in America, the cheap conventions, the low expectations among publishers, readers, parents, and educators, the spatial constraints that he had been struggling against in the pages of Luna Moth, seemed capable of being completely overcome, exceeded, and escaped. The Amazing Cavalieri was going to break free, forever, of the nine little boxes.
Michael Rubbinaccio, New York's Father is Murdered! The Life and Death of Andrew Haswell Green|Green recorded these initial thoughts about government: "Either the people will pay direct taxes, or they will pay none if they know it; and if they don't know when they pay taxes, it is quite time for the prudent, economical administration of government that they did. The Treasury should just supply the moderate wants of the administration of government; an overflowing treasury brings with it corruption and fraud. It has been the curse of nations, and, profiting by the experience of the past, it becomes the present to avoid the instruments of their overflow.
Angie karan|Soulful love, is poetry in motion. A contemplation of beauty from the deep arises and the mere struggle to express the rapture of the soul.
Stevie Nicks|You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so. For remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind.
Leta B., Your Steady Soul: May you transform your pain, anger, and hurt into wisdom, kindness, and love.|To disrespect a person made in the image and likeness of God is a lot worse than desecrating a flag. We should be offended and repulsed in the same way when God's image bearers are desecrated – abused, beaten, neglected, discriminated against, and not loved and taken care of as they should be.
Chimnese Davids, Muses of Wandering Passions|I think that's nice, and if I could have feelings at all I would have them for Deb.
Richard O'Barry|Our sentimentality toward animals is a sure sign of the disdain in which we hold them. Sentimentality is nothing but the infinitely degraded form of bestiality, the racist commiseration.
Swami Beyondananda|He studied with the guru of rock n’ roll, Baba Oom Mow Mow, who taught his own version of the Golden Rule: "Do wop unto others as you would have them do wop unto you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Study the Bible, there God is the teacher.
Richard Hofstadter|When I reprimanded my son for hair like Michael Jackson  he said: "I don't see the problem you wear yours like Michael Jordan."
Indy Bissessur|Revolution starts within our own heart, not on the street
Graham Greene, Loser Takes All|This is the age of the specialist, and years ago Rollo had settled on his career. Even as a boy, hardly capable of connected thought, he had been convinced that his speciality, the one thing he could do really well, was to inherit money.
Bianca McCormick-Johnson, "I'm G.O.O.D.":|Never close your circle. We all have room for growth. Every person you meet is not out to destroy you. Blessings can come from connecting with the right people. That's why wireless service providers are always accepting new customers. When you set limits on your relationships, you block the possibility of gaining new opportunities. So instead of closing your circle, screen those you let in it.
Rick Riordan, Camp Half-Blood Confidential|Touch was absolutelyout of the question. I couldn’t stop sweating. My heart, a butterfly pinnedto a glacier. Empires fell inside my mouth. I touched myself like a pogrom& broke my sex into a history of inconsequential shames. I wept viciouslyinside of my own stomach & had it condemned. From an upside-down bellI drank silence, subsisted on the memory of someone else’s hands. Wolvessang & I did not answer. I forgot their names. Mornings were the worst, thenthere were days & evenings. Streetlights & darkened sycamore & suburbangrief so full it made me foolish. I shattered my fist on the Lord’s jaw. Sorrowsat, licking my wrists & my neck. I slept at its convenience. O, uncelebratedbody. My penis, a lighthouse on the bottom of the ocean, shining shadowsat the undersides of boats. Nobody drowned for so many years. Desperatefor the making of those candy-throated ghosts, I found the rooms betweenthe violence of comets. I threw myself into anything’s path. Even the skybent around me. How lonely to be something that nothing wants to kill. (So I Locked Myself Inside A Star for Twenty Years)
Julia Heaberlin, Black-Eyed Susans|Make information your servant, perspective your reward, and openness your principle.
Jamie Bamber|I do a one-hour workout called Drenched, a cardio-boxing fitness routine, Monday through Friday. There are usually between twenty-five and fifty people there - everyone from stay-at-home moms and professional martial artists to teenagers and seniors. They play great dance music. When I can, I take two classes back-to-back.
Yo-Yo Ma|A great figure or physique is nice, but it's self-confidence that makes someone really sexy.
Ann Bausum, Stonewall: Breaking Out in the Fight for Gay Rights|To discover someone was ordinary always struck Mills as a kind of betrayal. Whenever a man Mills presumed was gay turned out to be straight, the aura about him crumbled, the clues reassembling into the most indistinctive brand of human being—normal, hiding nothing, a mind like a weather vane that moved with the prevailing winds.
Lisa S. Lewis, Love's Road Home|In a health relationship, it should always be about them. Two people are involved. And both of them are risking their hearts, their souls, in order to stay together. If both parties don't support and appreciate the individuality of the other, the relationship won't work.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|Surgeons are a singular brotherhood, Adam. To us, people aren't sacred beings crafted in the Almighty's image, no, people are joints of meat; diseased, leathery meat, yes, but meat ready for the skewer & the spit." He mimicked my usual voice, very well. "'But why *me*, Henry, are we not friends?' Well, Adam, even friends are made out of meat.
Daniel Radcliffe|Know that there is so much more to you than your body. It's not just about perfecting the steps; you must trust your instincts to tell deep, emotional stories through the steps that you are performing.
Ron Carlson, Ron Carlson Writes a Story|It is not my job to explain the story or understand the story or reduce it to a phrase or offer it as being a story about any specific person, place, or thing. My job is to have been true enough to the world of my story that I was able to present it as a forceful and convincing drama. Every story is a kind of puzzle. Many have obvious solutions, and some have no solution at all. We write to present questions, sometimes complicated questions, not to offer easy or not-so-easy answers. Do not be misled by the limited vocabulary the American marketplace uses to describe the possibilities for story and drama. If we’re really writing we are exploring the unnamed emotional facets of the human heart. Not all emotions, not all states of mind have been named. Nor are all the names we have been given always accurate. The literary story is a story that deals with the complicated human heart with an honest tolerance for the ambiguity in which we live. No good guys, no bad guys, just guys: that is, people bearing up the crucible of their days and certainly not always—if ever—capable of articulating their condition.
John Lasseter|In design as in life, smart can also mean wise, kind, inspiring - and cost-effective. And that has a charm all its own.
Daniel Woodrell, Tomato Red|I had been born shoved to the margins of the world, sure, but I had volunteered for the pits.
Napoléon Bonaparte|I always took Brielle for granted, putting Mckayla first. Little did I know that my first friend in the whole world would be the only true friend that I have now.
Debasish Mridha|What the average call excellent, the excellent call average.
Bob Proctor, You Were Born Rich|Thoughts become things. If you see it in your mind, you will hold it in your hand.
Kathleen O'Neal Gear, Bone Walker|Live fast, die young, leave a good looking corpse.
Timothy Beal, The Rise and Fall of the Bible: The Unexpected History of an Accidental Book|Think about the whole Biblical story of Mary. She wakes up and sees something with a lion, eagle, and human face that wants to inseminate her with the Holy Seed. She’s practically a saint just for not killing herself on the spot.
Keary Taylor, What I Didn't Say|I wrote: 'Do you really not believe in love?'I really wished I never would have asked.'No', she had written back. 'I believe people become infatuated; maybe they even really like each other. But I don't believe in love. Those kinds of feelings just don't last. You feel them for a while, maybe even a few years, but eventually the feeling goes away.
Marlene Steinberg|Isolation of catastrophic experiences. Dissociation may function to seal off overwhelming trauma into a compartmentalized area of conscious until the person is better able to integrate it into mainstream consciousness. The function of dissociation is particularly common in survivors of combat, political torture, or natural or transportation disasters.
Sophie Barnes, A Most Unlikely Duke|When we’re apart, I can think of nothingbut you—ofbeing with you again—andI . . . I’m sorry if I hurt you before. I’m sorryif I wasn’t clear about my feelings, if I wasn’tstrong enough to fight for the chance to bewith you. I’m going to do that now. I promise.Because I simply cannot imagine choosing alife without you in it.
Boripat Lebel|My continuing passion is to explore strange industries, to acquire new knowledge and ask many questions, to boldly learn something I did not know before.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Unknown situations offer us opportunities for fresh learning. When we judge these situations solely by our conscious logic, fear grips us; we turn these opportunities down. We close ourselves from new experiences. We stagnate.On the contrary, when we embrace these opportunities, we force our intuition to work in the face of risks. And then, when we observe our perceptions, actions, and reactions in these situations, we see our evolution. We break out of our limits.
Christopher Vogler, The Writer's Journey: Mythic Structure for Writers|A myth... is a metaphor for a mystery beyond human comprehension. It is a comparison that helps us understand, by analogy, some aspect of our mysterious selves. A myth, in this way of thinking, is not an untruth but a way of reaching a profound truth.
Aisha Mirza|Tears are the words that the heart could not express, silent truths the eyes do confess.
Hanne Blank, Straight: The Surprisingly Short History Of Heterosexuality|The church is often called a killjoy for protesting against sexual license. But the real killing of joy comes with the grabbing of pleasure. As with credit card usage. the price tag is hidden at the start, but the physical and emotional debt incurred will take a long time to pay off.
Audre Lorde, Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches|Connie felt again the tightness, niggardliness of the men of her generation. They were so tight, so scared of life!
Debra Moffitt, Garden of Bliss: Cultivating the Inner Landscape for Self-Discovery|The desert takes our dreams away from us, and they don't always return.... Those who don't return become a part of the clouds, a part of the animals that hide in the ravines and of the water that comes from the earth. They become part of everything … They become the Soul of the World.
Jim Carrey|What is news? It's hard to quantify. Certainly news has changed completely, and the morning shows are not really designed to bring you the news, except to tell you what happened overnight, and the rest of it is a kind of magazine mentality - a little bit of this, a little bit of that. It's harder to be an educated and informed citizen.
Stanisław Lem, Summa technologiae|It would be indeed unusual if it turned out that the set of orders that our mind is able to construct and accept, having as it does a deep sense of “understanding the essence of things,” matches precisely the set of all possible orders to be detected in the Universe as a whole. We should admit that this is not impossible, yet it does seem highly improbable. This way of thinking, so modest in its assessment of our abilities, is probably the only way recommended, given our lack of knowledge, because we are not aware of our limitations.
Nicholas Sparks, The Best of Me|It is worthless and senseless to seek help in Egypt, because true help comes only from theLord, Who created heaven and earth.
Eliezer Yudkowsky, Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality|Every time he tried to reconstruct the internal arguments that had led to his decision, they sounded feebler to him.
Lawren Leo, Dragonflame: Tap Into Your Reservoir of Power Using Talismans, Manifestation, and Visualization|Listen my hatchling, for now you shall hear Of the only seven slayers a dragon must fear. First beware Pride, lest belief in one’s might Has you discount the foeman who is braving your sight.Never Envy other dragons their wealth, power, or home For dark plots and plans will bring death to your own. Your Wrath shouldn’t win, when spears strike your scale Anger kills cunning, which you will need to prevail. A dragon must rest, but Sloth you should dread Else long years of napping let assassins to your bed. ‘Greed is good,’ or so foolish dragons will say Until piles of treasure bring killing thieves where they lay. Hungry is your body, and at times you must feed But Gluttony makes fat dragons, who can’t fly at their need. A hot Lust for glory, gems, gold, or mates Leads reckless young drakes to the blackest of fates. So take heed of this wisdom, precious hatchling of mine, And the long years of dragonhood are sure to be thine.
Atifete Jahjaga|There is a time for everything, also for my time in politics which has been long and eventful. Now I believe it is time for others to take the baton that was passed to me following the crash. I have therefore decided to leave political life at the end of this term.
Anthony Hopkins|Maternal health remains a staggering challenge, particularly in the developing world. Globally, a woman dies from complications in childbirth every minute.
Stephen Richards|If you do not have persistence then no amount of education, talent or genius can make up for it.
Laurie Lee, I Can't Stay Long|France bleeds, but liberty smiles, and before the smile of liberty, France forgets her wound.
Paolo Bacigalupi, The Drowned Cities|Blame has no purpose, and it is a lousy teacher.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|One of the reasons why we crave love, and seek it so desperately, is that love is the only cure for loneliness, and shame, and sorrow. But some feelings sink so deep into the heart that only loneliness can help you find them again. Some truths about yourself are so painful that only shame can help you live with them. And some things are just so sad that only your soul can do the crying for you.
Colin Kaepernick|Treat your kid like a darling for the first five years. For the next five years, scold them. By the time they turn sixteen, treat them like a friend. Your grown up children are your best friends.
Avijeet Das|Excuse me, sir.” One the young officers put his hand up to stop them. “Are you Furious Barkley?”“Maybe. Maybe not. Is there a problem, officers?” Doug stepped in front of Furi.“Damn straight there’s a problem.” Syn stepped inside the door, yanking his dark aviator glasses off his face. The scowl he wore told Furi this was not a pleasant coincidence. “Thanks guys, you can go.”Furi stood with his mouth hanging open while Syn dismissed the officers.“Seriously, Starsky. You gonna track my boy down every time he leaves the house?” Doug said angrily, still blocking Furi.“He’s not your boy. And what I do regarding Furi is none of your goddamn business.” Syn’s clenched jaw made his words sound like an evil hiss. He shouldered past Doug and got directly in Furi’s face. “When I’ve been calling him for over six hours and he hasn’t picked up or returned any of my calls, I’ll send a fuckin’ SWAT team to find him if I want to.”Syn spun and pointed his finger in Doug’s face, “That’s my say, not yours.” Syn’s voice was rising with his growing temper, and all eyes were on them.“Okay, let’s get out of here.” Furi pushed at both men, urging them out the door.As soon as they were out in the brisk fall air, Syn rounded on Furi, pushing their chest together. “Where have you been, Furious? I’ve been going crazy trying to check on you, and you’re sitting here casually eating pancakes,” Syn growled.“Hey, back up, man.” Doug tried to wedge in between Furi and Syn.Syn looked up in annoyance. “Doug, I swear, if you touch me, I’m gonna ensure that you never regain the use of that hand.”“Okay, okay.” Furi put both hands flat on Syn’s chest, feeling his rapid heartbeat underneath all that muscle. Fuck. He really was scared. What was I thinking turning off my phone with everything that’s going on? “Syn. I’m so sorry. I turned my phone off because–”“You don’t owe him an explanation. You’re a grown man, Furious. You were having a business meeting; he has no right to demand you be available to him at all times, just like Patrick.”Furi and Syn both snapped at Doug. But Furi took control. “Hey! Don’t you ever say that again. This man is nothing like that asshole.” Furi shook his head at the absurdity of Doug’s accusation. “Don’t even say his name in the same sentence as Patrick’s.”Doug looked at Furi as if he were a stranger.“Doug, you don’t know everything that’s been going on. But I promise I’ll catch you up, okay? Then you’re going to feel pretty shitty about what you just said about Syn.” Furi nodded his head. “Go home. I’ll call you when I’m back at Syn’s place.”“You’re staying with him?” Doug yelled.“Doug. You know it’s not safe at my place,” Furi said softly, his eyes pleading with his friend for him to understand.“Then you should come to stay with me. I don’t trust this guy!”“This is fuckin’ crazy,” Syn snarled. “I know you’re his friend, but you’re sounding more pissed than a friend should be.”“Don’t try to read me, Detective. Furi is my best friend, and I’ve had his back since the first day he got here.” Doug wasn’t backing down from Syn’s intimidating posture. Syn’s dark glasses were back on, creating a perfectly badass look with his black leather coat and boots. All the hardware Syn had tucked under his arms and the shiny badge hanging around his neck was a sight right out of a sexy cop porno.
Ana Claudia Antunes, How to Make a Book|Life's a book filled on pages Just awaiting to be written.Some don't open it for ages,Maybe afraid of being bitten.
Julia Woodman, No Paradox - Living Both In and Outside Of the Matrix: Through Consciously Evolving Our Consciousness [ Theory, Exploration, Tools ]|The serious people have gone, I build my team again and again I just the un-sirious people if this is sirious let's see a bus which can be handled in the air by the weakest person on the Earth.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Why isn’t it fun to watch a videotape of last night’s football game even when we don’t know who won? Because the fact that the game has already been played precludes the possibility that our cheering will somehow penetrate the television, travel through the cable system, find its way to the stadium, and influence the trajectory of the ball as it hurtles toward the goalposts!
Philip K. Dick, Radio Free Albemuth|We are not forgotten by those we have loved, and they do visit us more times than we consciously know. I hope my story provides some comfort to those who have experienced the loss of someone they love deeply.“Paula Lenz’s book shows how the deepest grief can unlock the greatest spiritual treasures. The story of how the death of her beloved brother Don also provided her — and us — with inconvertible evidence of life after death should convince any skeptic that we live after we die. Driving into Infinity will take you on a riveting journey of self-discovery.” -Kenneth Ring, Ph.D.,Author of Lessons from the Light
A.E.  Kirk, Demons at Deadnight|Ayden and I clapped our hands over our ears when the shrieking started.“Yes. I can see that you’re enthused,” Jayden tried to speak over the girls’ squealing, “but you need—”Danica snatched the backstage passes from Jayden. “No way!”“Uh, yes. Way?” Jayden said.
Audrey Hepburn|If a fish feels sad when a fisherman’s boat is sinking, and that fish owns a priceless treasure: The compassion! Have compassion, even for your enemies!
C. JoyBell C.|She had a flower tattoo on her wrist; "What does that mean?" he asked her. "Absolutely nothing," she said, "it's just a flower.
Rick Riordan, Percy Jackson's Greek Gods|Behold, my children!" she said. "The instrument of my revenge. I will call it a scythe!"The Titans muttered among themselves: What is that for? Why is it curved? How do you spell scythe?
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|Like all failed experiments, that one taught me something I didn’t expect: one key ingredient of so-called experience is the delusional faith that it is unique and special, that those included in it are privileged and those excluded from it are missing out.
John Wycliffe|Therefore when the mind knows itself and loves itself, there remains a trinity, that is the mind, love and knowledge.
Slavoj Žižek|Richard, Bill has the socialist disease in its worst form; he thinks the world owes him a living. He told me sincerely - smugly! - that of course everyone was entitled to the best possible medical and hospital service - free of course, unlimited of course, and of course the government should pay for it.
