William Hazlitt|Instead of a to-do list, you need a success list - a list that is purposefully created around extraordinary results.
Amanda Palmer, The Art of Asking; or, How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Let People Help|He hasn’t really seen you, not as you want to be seen, but he’s starting to, a little.
Barack Obama|Education, housing and hospitals are the most important things for society.
Sita Brahmachari, Artichoke Hearts|He lowered his head, his mouth on her neck. “You’re all I think about. I can’t breathe without you in my head, my body, everywhere. Even when I close my eyes, you’re there...” Sera arched her neck and moaned, feeling as if every inch of her skin was begging to be touched by those lips. Unable to stand it any longer, she found his mouth and pushed herself against him, wanting to devour him and, in turn, be devoured by him. She was falling, falling, falling...
Alan Moore, Watchmen|Nothing ends, Adrian. Nothing ever ends.
Leah Braemel, Slow Ride Home|And just like that,the cloth was torn. was it the days, weeks of the same argument was it the months without affection, or was it simply the year and a half wasted on empty promises from both sides?I don't know what ripped it, but here I sit with my needle and thread trying to fix it knowing it will never look as beautiful as it did when we first started weaving it.
Alison Miller, Healing the Unimaginable: Treating Ritual Abuse and Mind Control|Besides stage magic props and settings, ritually abusing groups use technology, such as that described by Katz and Fotheringham. Military/political groups have the most sophisticated technologies, and much training or programming is now done with virtual reality equipment. Movies and holograms are used to deceive a child into believing in things that are unreal. When a client says to you “I don't know if it's real; how can it be real?” remember that there are several options, not just two: (1) It happened just as s/he remembers; (2) it did not happen at all; (3) something happened, but due to technology and/or trickery it was not what s/he thinks it was; (4) the thought that the memory must be unreal is itself a program, as described in Chapter Twelve, “Maybe I made it up."p55
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|You are modern humans of the civilized world. And modern humans rise beyond all laws and superstitions of the society. They help their fellow beings to rise from the ashes of ignorance, illusion and fear.
J.C. Ryle|It is useless to say you have no time. There is plenty of time, if men will employ it. Time may be short, but time is always long enough for prayer. Daniel had the affairs of a kingdom on his hands, and yet he prayed three times a day. David was ruler over a mighty nation, and yet he says, “Evening and morning and at noon will I pray” (Psalms 55:17). When time is really wanted, time can always be found.
Rob Liano|The truth hurts, only when it can heal.
Anne Gracie, The Perfect Rake|If you were mine, I'd never leave you, Prudence. I couldn't.
Natalie   Perry, Dad #1, Dad #2: A Queerspawn View from the Closet|It’s worth noting my family doesn’t use the word step regarding anyone who’s married into our family. Jerry isn’t, nor has he ever been, my step-dad. His mom isn’t my step grandma: neither are my aunts, uncles, or cousins. While there was never a discussion regarding how we categorize or title our family, we all just understood that for us, we are all simply family.
Thomas Jefferson, Works of Thomas Jefferson. Including The Jefferson Bible, Autobiography and The Writings of Thomas Jefferson (Illustrated), with Notes on Virginia, Parliamentary ... more.|Freedom of the press can never be the licence to say anything one desires. Freedom of the press is not the freedom to slander and attack and must never be used to fight other people’s wars. It does not mean manipulating a story into speaking your views. One might think it common sense but in the world of journalism a lot of what makes sense is lost to the lure of favouritism, greed and fame. Sadly, in this truth-telling business truth is hard to find.
Charbel Tadros|Do not make people feel overly indebted to you. In their quest to restore the illusive balance and wipe out the debt, they will demonize and attribute wrongdoings to you. Instead, give with love and receive with gratitude.
Gabrielle Zevin, Elsewhere|I believe humans have souls, and I believe in the conservation of souls.
Brassaï|At night the fog was thick and full of light, and sometimes voices.
E. Obeng-Amoako Edmonds|For some strange reason I get some of my brightest ideas on the toilet seat, with my clothes on.
Katlyn Charlesworth, The Patriot's Daughter|What’s bosoms?” Cade asked.“You’ll find out when you get older,” Jake said."A lot older," Colt said.Last Promise
Raymond Carver|It's possible, in a poem or a short story, to write about commonplace things and objects using commonplace but precise language, and to endow those things-- a chair, a window curtain, a fork, a stone, a woman's earring-- with immense, even startling power. It is possible to write a line of seemingly innocuous dialogue and have it send a chill along the reader's spine-- the source of artistic delight, as Nabokov would have it. That's the kind of writing that most interests me.
Mike Pence|If you want to get the most out of your men, give them a break! Don't make them work completely in the dark. If you do, they won't do a bit more than they have to. But if they comprehend, they'll work like mad.
HarryKrishna|In the end, what we gain is pain!
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|I love you because you loved me first. Yet you love me, saying I loved you first. Funny, our love thrives believing the other person started it.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Books are the treasured wealth of the world and the fit inheritance of generations and nations. Books, the oldest and the best, stand naturally and rightfully on the shelves of every cottage. They have no cause of their own to plead, but while they enlighten and sustain the reader his common sense will not refuse them. Their authors are a natural and irresistible aristocracy in every society, and, more than kings or emperors, exert an influence on mankind.
Charles M. Schulz|People speak sometimes about the "bestial" cruelty of man, but that is terribly unjust and offensive to beasts, no animal could ever be so cruel as a man, so artfully, so artistically cruel.
Solange nicole|When you're young your reality is accepted by most. When you're older, your reality changes and that seems to upset most people.
Czesław Miłosz|In a room wherepeople unanimously maintaina conspiracy of silence,one word of truthsounds like a pistol shot.
Katie McGarry, Pushing the Limits|Breathing became a painful chore. Her lips turned down while her warm fingers caressed my cheek. That touch typically brought me to my knees, but now it cut me
Kim Jong-un|When I decided to leave the military, I realized that the skills I acquired there were transferable to the commercial world both in leadership and the information technology field. I made the decision to move to Oracle because of its strong leadership role.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|Start to use the Law of Attraction as it was originally intended all of those thousands of years ago today by just using simple, positive words in your NAPS without the woo-woo!
John Logan, Red|But a generation that does not aspire to seriousness, to meaning, is unworthy to walk in the shadow of those who have gone before, I mean those who have struggled and surmounted, I mean those who have aspired, I mean Rembrandt, I mean Turner, I mean Michelangelo and Matisse … I mean obviously Rothko.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|There is nothing so secular that it cannot be sacred, and that is one of the deepest messages of the Incarnation.
Gerard Way|You shall, I question not, find a way to the top if you diligently seek for it; for nature hath placed nothing so high that it is out of the reach of industry and valor.
Allison Brennan, Original Sin|So why isn't the world overrun with evil spirits?"Moira stared at her, a half-smile on her face. "Who says it isn't?
Colin Kaepernick|In show business, you had levels. I was at the top of the TV end of it.
Gregory Maguire|No, she wasn't losing language. She was choking on it.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|Fuck You!' [Oskar said] 'Exuse me!' [His mom said] 'Sorry. I mean, screw you.' 'You need a time-out!' 'I need a mausoleum!
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|The world is mere change, and this life, opinion.
R.M. Romero, The Dollmaker of Krakow|My soul already existed - you just called out to me, and the wind brought me to you.
Eoin Colfer, The Time Paradox|I am charging you with the protection of my mother and friends, not to mention keeping my younger self off the Internet. He is as dangerous as Opal.
Sarah Addison Allen|Sitting at the old patio table she’d cleared of leaves, she smiled and leaned back. The stars looked twisted in the limbs of the trees, like Christmas lights. She felt like part of the hollow around her was filling. She’d come here with too many expectations.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi|Whatever it is you are really desiring, give it away. If it's companionship, give it to someone else, and just listen to them and be there. If it's money, give it to someone who is less fortunate. If it's encouragement, give it to others. If it's friendship, become the best friend you can be to others. If it's time, serve others with your time. You will be amazed to see how much more of everything you have when you are willing to freely give.
Gabriel Brunsdon, Azlander: Second Nature|The thoughts of Man build future worlds, whilst the emotions of the Fey build up this, our Natural World.
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?|Creation, like love, is a seductive pursuit filled with uncertainty and fluttering heartbeats. (Report to Greco)
Robert Louis Stevenson, Treasure Island|He lowered his voice. "You are a true shield-maiden; you do not turn from a scar on a man's face."I looked at him and did not lower my eyes. "My father was an ealdorman, and his brother ealdorman after him. He taught me that a scar is the badge of honour of the warrior, and this I believe."He regarded me for a long moment. "I think I am glad we did not face your father and his brother in battle," he said, "for they were of better stuff than what we have found here."In saying this, he gave my dead kinsmen much praise. I felt that praise came rarely from the Danes, and took a strange pleasure in hearing him say this. I did not speak, but he lifted his cup to me, and I again took up mine. - Sidroc the Dane to Ceridwen
Stephen Cremen, Battle Scars: My Journey from Obesity to Health and Happiness, Fifteen Years and Counting!|If you surrender your self-worth to someone who doesn’t see your true value, what happens when someone comes along who wants to give you what you’re worth instead of what you’ll settle for?The bottom line is this: You’ve got to know your worth, at yard sales and in life, because a lot of people who are going to try to talk you out of it. If they can’t see your value, let ‘em keep on movin’! Someone out there is looking for exactly what you’ve got and will never try and undercut your value or question your worth. Some things in life just can’t be bartered over or placed on the sale rack, and your self-worth is at the top of the list.
Alex Gaskarth|We throw stones though we live in glass houses,We talk shit like its a cross to bare.You're only relevant 'til you get older.Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer
Warren Buffett|If you don't find a way to make money while you sleep, you will work until you die.
Edmund Burke|Among a people generally corrupt, liberty cannot long exist.
Euginia Herlihy, The Experiences of Life & Prayers|Writing is my life,a God given gift; no one on this planet can separate me from it.
Steve Farrar, God Built (Joseph) - Forged By God...In The Bad And Good Of Life|Then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free." (8:32)
A.B. Simpson|The heart of Christ is not only the heart of a man but has in it also the tenderness and gentleness of a woman. Jesus was not a man in the rigid sense of manhood as distinct from womanhood, but, as the Son of Man, the complete Head of Humanity.
Jennifer Beckstrand, Kate's Song|Grief is a stern teacher, but I am confident I could not have learned some lessons in any other way. For that, I am grateful. Grateful to God for loving me enough to stretch me and push me and crush me, to refine me in the furnace of affliction, to force me to stretch my faith beyond what I could see. God loves me more than I can possible comprehend. He watches over me. He watches over all of us. But if the way were easy, how could we grow into who He wants us to be? How could our faith become unshakable?
Diana Rasmussen|God showed me something that day. It’s not about me. It’s not about how strong or how weak I am. It’s about speaking and declaring the WORD over someone else. What did God say about this issue? It’s about how strong God is, despite my weakness.I challenge you today, if you are sick – pray for the sick.If you are hurt – pray for the hurting.If you are lacking – pray for someone else’s abundant supply.Don’t run from your weakness – use it to heal someone else!Speak the Word – and sit back and watch what God does to confirm His Word!God will use it – and add His power to it, and you will see people healed in Jesus Name!
Craig D. Lounsbrough|God has given me both the right and privilege to outrun Him if I so choose. Yet, if I do so, I will have lost the race.
Salil Jha, Naked Soul: The Erotic Love Poems|Every soul needs a touch of erotic love. A deep, unconditional love is what every heart truly desires. True love is passionately erotic.
Lauren Lola, A Moment's Worth|And she laughed, a full octave, descending from high C like chimes.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|When you are a mother, you are never really alone in your thoughts. A mother always has to think twice, once for herself and once for her child.
Grigoris Deoudis|Prosperity cannot be experienced by living detached from Nature. Everything else is only a gradation of materialistic, earthly ambitions. We came from the stars and there lies the path to our substantive evolution.
Anne Thomas, Just Friends|Literature is indispensable to the world. The world changes according to the way people see it, and if you alter, even by a millimeter, the way a person looks at reality, then you can change it.
P.G. Wodehouse, Carry on, Jeeves|He was always in a sort of fever because he was dropping behind schedule with his daily acts of kindness. However hard he tried, he'd fall behind; and then you would find him prowling about the house, setting such a clip to try and catch up with himself that Easeby was rapidly becoming a perfect hell for man and beast.
Mariecor Ruediger, HOT STUFF:  Celebrating Summer's Simmer and Sizzle|One of my favourite things about dining outdoors in a warmer season is that it frees hands and bares skin. ... When we don't need to wear or carry heavy clothing, our bodies feel lighter and our hands are freed for other things. Like carrying bottles of rosé; bags of stone fruit, fish, and clams; and a simple kettle and a tiny grill for a quiet, all-day beach excursion. Then we can eat well.
D.H. Lawrence, The Rainbow|The taste of moon is like honey to all honeymooners, but after some years does the moon's scar make it bitter?
Karen V. Wasylowski|Darcy rolled the quill between his fingers and looked with benign pity upon his cousin. “You should, you know. It’s a wonderful feeling to be the head of your home, with a wife who adores you and whom you adore in return.”Fitzwilliam whipped out his pocket watch. “Oh, look at that. I have to run."Ignoring him, Darcy turned his face to the fire, a besotted look in his eyes and a smile on his lips. “It’s a good feeling to care for your family and their well-being. It makes you finally grow up, I can tell you.” He sighed deeply and began attacking his figures once more, his mind filled with unlimited love and joy, thinking on his upcoming paternal responsibilities. “I myself find women to be unbelievably wonderful creations.”“I suppose you will continue with this treacle even as I beg you to stop.”“Well, think about it…” Darcy continued, looking up from his work.Fitzwilliam groaned.“They give back to you double and triple whatever little you hand them.”“I think I’m going to be ill, Darcy. Please stop.”“You hand them disparate items of food, and they give you back a wonderful meal. You provide them with four walls and a floor, and they give you back a loving home. You give them your seed,” Darcy’s eyes misted, his voice choked with emotion. “You give them your seed, and they give you back the most precious thing of all—a child…” They sat in silence together.“And God help you if you give them shit.” Fitzwilliam was calmly packing tobacco into his pipe, and his eyes met Darcy’s for a moment. Understanding flashed between them.“Amen to that, Cousin.” Darcy crashed down to earth, quickly resuming his work
Lee Argus|It came to me on a winter day.Life so full and rich will fade.Though I wish it were not so,One cannot run from an expected fate.And as a steady gust of wind fell upon my face,It was then when I felt a chill and thus did then know;Though I wish it were not true, Life beautiful and sweet shall ripe and pass today. As a petal falls from a rose so shall she blossom and shed;Catching each falling tear, I will not leave a word unsaid.
Peter S. Beagle|♫ Climbed that roost, alighted right there. Made mush of his head for the onlooker bears.A two-pronger her prize, a meat most rare. Do-gooders will pay. Do-gooders will fear. ♫
Mehmet Murat ildan|Being a writer brings out a sassy woman inside me, and I love her so.
David Nicholls, One Day|These days grief seems like walking on a frozen river; most of the time he feels safe enough, but there is always that danger that he will plunge through. Now he hears the ice creak beneath him, and so intense and panicking is the sensation that he has to stand for a moment, press his hands to his face and catch his breath.
Adeline Yen Mah, Falling Leaves: The Memoir of an Unwanted Chinese Daughter|In the early 1970s, racial and gender discrimination was still prevalent. The easy camaraderie prevailing in the operating room evaporated at the completion of surgical procedures. There was an unspoken pecking order of seating arrangements at lunch among my fellow physicians. At the top were the white male 'primary producers' in prestigious surgical specialties. They were followed by the internists. Next came the general practitioners. Last on the list were the hospital-based physicians: the radiologists, pathologists and anaesthesiologists - especially non-white, female ones like me. Apart from colour, we were shunned because we did not bring in patients ourselves but, like vultures, lived off the patients generated by other doctors. We were also resented because being hospital-based and not having to rent office space or hire nursing staff, we had low overheads. Since a physician's number of admissions to the hospital and referral pattern determined the degree of attention and regard accorded by colleagues, it was safe for our peers to ignore us and target those in position to send over income-producing referrals. This attitude was mirrored from the board of directors all the way down to the orderlies.
Gianluigi Buffon|In my experience, being busy and working hard is the key to sanity/happiness.
Sivaprakash Sidhu Sivaprakash G Sivaprakash Gopal, sivaprakash sidhu, sivaprakash, sivaprakash,  siv|Life is Temporary, and in life everything is temporary
Rawi Hage, Carnival|Smiling now, Michael Dawn sat on his rooftop, gazing at the stars above him, just like men had done for thousands of years. Out there lay secrets and mysteries that an eternity could never unravel, worlds he could only imagine. Yet looking at them then, it all seemed so surreal. As if the only purpose the stars had in this world was to shine their tiny points of light down on him that evening. To give him something beautiful and breathtaking to admire. Maybe that was their only purpose. Maybe trying to get more out of them, trying to travel among them and shed light on things that were better left unexposed, had been the trouble all along.
Colin R. Turner|You can’t demand peace, but you can reduce the reasons for war.
Rudyard Kipling, A Book Of Words: Selections From Speeches And Addresses Delivered Between 1906 And 1927|I have learned through dreams more wisdom, than by reading hundreds of books.
Farshad Asl|So why was Kim Kardashian famous? Because she was very good at marketing herself, that was all - and today, that was enough. Corporations are now people and people are now products, known as "brands". At a time when the 1 percent was getting richer, the 99 percent was suddenly trying to Keep up with the Kardashians.
Ted Gioia, The History of Jazz|Like the New Orleans tradition that preceded it, and the Swing Era offerings that followed it, Chicago jazz was not just the music of a time and place, but also a timeless style of performance - and for its exponents, very much a way of life - one that continues to reverberate to this day in the works of countless Dixieland and traditional jazz bands around the world. For many listeners, the Chicago style remains nothing less than the quintessential sound of jazz.
Eleanor Roosevelt|If I body-shame a woman, it is more a reflection of me being critical of my body, me not being able to keep up to certain standards I have, and so making sure that the women around me feel the same way.
Neil Gaiman|If instead of a gem, or even a flower, we should cast the gift of a loving thought into the heart of a friend, that would be giving as the angels give.
"Beta" Metani' Marashi|The paths that lead to the crossroads of life; otherwise known as "transition”, seem the longest, and darkest. This is a result of the tension present between struggle and grace. The more you resist, the more anxiety and stress you will encounter. Whereas, when you let go of the expectation of where you should be, or want to be, and accept the current situation, event, or circumstance, to merely exist, you will experience God’s sufficient Grace.
António R. Damásio, Descartes' Error: Emotion, Reason and the Human Brain|Told me that when you bury emotions like that, you're only pissing them off ... making them stronger, because you're burying them alive. They don't like that, and one day they'll make sure that you don't like it either.
Emery Lee, The Highest Stakes|Finally, mutually, and completely, they released all doubts, abandoned all fears, unwilling and unable to deny this overpowering love.
Melissa Rosenberg|I learned early in my career to not let myself get in the way of humor but, instead, find what is great in a talented person.
Sandra Jones, His Captive Princess|His gaze lowered to her breasts, scalding her with the intensity of his stare. "At this moment, I'm exceedingly glad I'm no longer a monk.
Seyyed Hossein Nasr, A Young Muslim's Guide to the Modern World|Of course, a single verse of the Holy Qur'an or a hadith moves the faithful to good actions, but volumes of books would not move an unwilling person who is like an ass carrying a load of books.
George Ripley|I suppose I've always done my share of crying, especially when there's no other way to contain my feelings. I know that men ain't supposed to cry, but I think that's wrong. Crying's always been a way for me to get things out which are buried deep, deep down. When I sing, I often cry. Crying is feeling, and feeling is being human. Oh yes, I cry.
Søren Kierkegaard, Concluding Unscientific Postscript|Women get desperate, but they don't understand despair.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our sufferings may be hard to bear, but they teach us lessons which, in turn, equip and enable us to help others.
Angela N. Blount, Once Upon a Road Trip|As much as I enjoy romance, it’s commitment that I need the most. I need to know a love I can depend on, a love that says, “I will be with you through it all. I love you. And I will love you even when you may not be all that lovable, for sometimes I'm not very lovable either. You can count on me - always.
Leonard Lauder|I just have to express myself somehow, either through singing, dance or fitness. You get sick of it; you have days where you think you don't want to do it, but generally after I've done something, I feel better. That's why I do the exercise: to earn my bar of chocolate and cappuccino.
Julio Cortázar, Around the Day in Eighty Worlds|Skill alone cannot teach or produce a great short story, which condenses the obsession of the creature; it is a hallucinatory presence manifest from the first sentence to fascinate the reader, to make him lose contact with the dull reality that surrounds him, submerging him in another that is more intense and compelling.
Arnold Albert van Ruler, God's Son and God's World|Perhaps I can't escape the image that others have created for me, but if I don't try, I will never know if I can or not.
Daniel Marques|The problem with feminists is that they're so motivated by competing against men that they end up becoming more masculine than men themselves, which makes them start complaining that men aren't masculine enough. Well, when you become more masculine than men, only a gorilla can satisfy you, and that's why such women end up with bad boys. When they marry them, they then complain that their husband is an idiot. This whole time, they can't see that they've destroyed everything along the way by simply refusing to just, and simply, be a woman. Because, you see, there's nothing wrong with that. There's nothing wrong with being a woman. But there are many things terribly wrong with being a feminist.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|It takes only one word to hurt a woman, a matter of seconds, one stupid, impatient blow of the crop. But winning back her trust takes years. And sometimes there isn't the time.
Mohsin Hamid, Exit West|Myra wasn't simple or complicated. She was different. She was not perfect, not even close but her flaws were intresting. She always had an opinion, something to say about everything.Most interesting thing about her is that she never said something to please, yet she was nice to be around.
Denise Morrison|There will be no end to the troubles of states, or of humanity itself, till philosophers become kings in this world, or till those we now call kings and rulers really and truly become philosophers, and political power and philosophy thus come into the same hands.
Max Bill|Those who made and endorsed our Constitution knew man's nature, and it is to their ideas, rather than to the temptations of utopia, that we must ask that our judges adhere.
Courtney Allison Moulton, Angelfire|1,320 seconds walk into the room before he does.
Cherry Adair, Kiss and Tell|Jake became excruciatingly aware of her, there, right behind him. The small grunts and groans as she placed each foot carefully on the slick ground reverberated in his gut. He wanted to turn around and tell her to shut the hell up.She sounded as though she was having sex.Good sex.
Iris Chang|I have an obligation to use what I know to try to bring real, usable medical science to every doctor and bedside and patient.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Christianity has no shrines to visit, no dusty remains to venerate, no tombs at which to worship.
Ana M Frith|Love and help others unconditionally without expectation you are creating in effect, this creation will multiply for you in a million ways. Ana Maria Frith, Limitless: Change Your Life
James C. Dobson|In philosophy, phenomenology is the study of the structures of experience and consciousness. Wine blind tasting is the best phenomenology, phenomenology par excellence, returning us from our heads into the world, and, at the same time, teaching us the methods of the mind.
Sonal Panse, The Sunshine Time: Season 1 Episode 3|Cross my heart, it's the truth. My Ma consulted a Seer when I was born. He's fated to marry a girl that wears that ring, she said.” “Did she now?” I said. “Well, this is in mad fashion in Mahmonir, so, prepare yourself, you're going to be overburdened with wives once the word gets around!
Patricia Briggs, Bone Crossed|All right," Mom said. She gave Samuel a stern look,"Now I don't know what's going on between you and my daughter and Adam Hauptman-""Neither do we," I mutteredSamuel grinned "We have it pretty well worked out as far as the sex goes. Adam gets it-someday-and I don't. But the rest is still up for negotiation.
John Belushi|Look, Mrs. McGillicuddy, it's not my fault your son jumped out a dorm room window on Christmas eve. I've written over fifty books as a Columbia professor, all right? You don't do that by holding hands with every at-risk undergraduate who says he's homesick, or he's turning gay, or the dog ate his term paper. I write about Lincoln, and freedom, and great ideas. I don't always have time for students. It's like Dean Martin used to say: if you want to talk, go to a priest. Hey -- what's the gun for?
Karen Shanor, Bats Sing, Mice Giggle: The Surprising Science of Animals' Inner Lives|And it’s thought by many neuroscientists such as Rodolfo Llinas of New York University that such goal-directed active movement, a biological property known as “motricity,” is a requirement for the development of the nervous system.
Toni Morrison|If there's a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Most journeys are armchair calculations strategically charted in some reclined state that are designed to allow us to embark upon a grand journey without ever leaving the armchair. However, real journeys are absent of furniture.
Neetesh Dixit|I prefer not to use my past to gain sympathy or people,I believe in present and try to stay in it for a better future.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|The coolness of Buddhism isn't indifference but the distance one gains on emotions, the quiet place from which to regard the turbulence. From far away you see the pattern, the connections, and the thing as whole, see all the islands and the routes between them. Up close it all dissolves into texture and incoherence and immersion, like a face going out of focus just before a kiss.
William Golding|With lack of sleep and too much understanding I grow a little crazy, I think, like all men at sea who live too close to each other and too close thereby to all that is monstrous under the sun and moon.
Brene Brown|I had the closest thing I have ever had to an out-of-body experience lying in bed one morning. I turned on the 'Today' programme and item four on the news was: 'The shadow chancellor has ruled himself out of the leadership.' I lay there thinking that's interesting, then I realised it was me.
Benjamin Hoff, The Tao of Pooh|...you'll see, he said, they'll go back to dividing everything up among the priests, the gringos and the rich, and nothing for the poor, naturally, because they've always been so fucked up that the day that shit is worth money, poor people will be born without an asshole...
W. Somerset Maugham|The universe stood still and the universe continued on its path, travelling through endless time.
Orson Pratt|After the desperate years of their own war, after six years of repression inside Spain and six years of horror in exile, these people remain intact in spirit. They are armed with a transcendent faith; they have never won, and yet they have never accepted defeat.
Chanakya|Robots will harvest, cook, and serve our food. They will work in our factories, drive our cars, and walk our dogs. Like it or not, the age of work is coming to an end.
April Mae Monterrosa|Don't waste your time being envious of what you don't have or who you want to be. Instead, focus on what you do have and who you can become.
Dorothy Allison, Trash: Stories|I did not imagine anyone reading my rambling, ranting stories. I was writing for myself, trying to shape my life outside my terrors and helplessness, to make it visible and real in a tangible way, in the way other people's seemed real -- the lives I had read about in books.
Leonardo DiCaprio|I shall never be a heretic; I may err in dispute, but I do not wish to decide anything finally; on the other hand, I am not bound by the opinions of men.
Jonathan Tropper, How to Talk to a Widower|Pity, I've learned, is like a fart. You can tolerate your own, but you simply can't stand anyone else's.
Judith Guest|I keep telling you that feeling is not selective. You can't feel pain, you aren't gonna feel anything else either.
Sherman Alexie, The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven|He looked into the crowd for approval, saw his mother and father. He waved and they waved back. Smiles and Indian teeth. They were both drunk. Everything familiar and welcome. Everything beautiful.
Ai Yazawa, Nana, Vol. 12|The thing about loving someone, is that yelling at them only feels good while you're doing it -- as soon as they're gone, all you want to do is take it all back
|Let integrity, humility, kindness, compassion, peace, and unity follow you wherever you go. We still have a chance at making this world a better place for us and our future generations. Stop Complaining about all the negativity in this world and start contributing more positive words, decisions, and actions to it.
Ban Ki-moon|One thing I've learned through all the ups and downs is that if you're doing things right, then you have a core group of people. Not just a core group like your homies or your buddies, but a group of people that has a good influence on you, who you respect and admire, and you know that if they're on your side, you're doing something right.
Grace Murray Hopper|It is better to beg forgiveness, than ask permission.
Jim Breyer|A large number of students around the world don't really have access to high quality education. So, launching EdX allows students all over the world to have much better access to a high quality education from a university such as Harvard, MIT, Berkeley and others as we add more universities.
David Foster Wallace, The Pale King|We have a government of limited power under the Constitution, and we have got to work out our problems on the basis of law.
James Howard Kunstler|I have never seen a food writer mention this, but all shrimp imported into the United States must first be washed in chlorine bleach to kill bugs. What this does for the taste, I do not know, but I think we should be told.
Zoe Woods|The best don't start at the top; embrace every struggle, mistake, and obstacle you overcame to get there! Persistence and Faith = Success
Adam Levin, The Instructions|Of all your troubles, great and small, the greatest are the ones that don't happen at all.
Dan Webster|Voters go into the ballot box with big ideas in their mind: leadership, change, experience, hope.
John F. Kennedy|She didn't quite know what the relationship was between lunatics and the moon, but it must be a strong one, if they used a word like that to describe the insane.
Eric  Smith|... you might have been born to work the land. But according to the fate you’ve made for yourself, you were meant to save it.
Jessica Sorensen, The Coincidence of Callie & Kayden|I keep coming back to certain books, and you—to try to find myself again
C.S. Lewis|Every age has its own outlook. It is specially good at seeing certain truths and specially liable to make certain mistakes. We all, therefore, need the books that will correct the characteristic mistake of our own period. And that means the old books.
Jennifer   Griffin|Remember, nothing is ever created or destroyed. Therefore, unresolved emotional pain from childhood does not dissolve by itself. It sits waiting to be declared, and a child is the ultimate vehicle of expression. In order to transform the energy into something positive, the pain must be brought to the surface, examined and embraced as an experience from which to learn and blossom.
Arthur Symons|Today I begin to understand what love must be, if it exists... When we are parted, we each feel the lack of the other half of ourselves. We are incomplete like a book in two volumes of which the first has been lost. That is what I imagine love to be: incompleteness in absence.
Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves|Prometheus, thief of light, giver of light, bound by the gods, must have been a book.
Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry|Shine your soul with the same egoless humility as the rainbow and no matter where you go in this world or the next, love will find you, attend you, and bless you.
Lorraine Heath, Always to Remember|Wait here, Miz Meg, and we'll holler when we're undressed and under the covers. We know it don't bother you seein' our backsides since you're a widow and all, but it'd sure bother us… even though you've seen "em before. We kinda like to keep 'em to ourselves
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|I was like, 'Dude, make me look bad. Please. I want to look ugly. I want to wear orange pants.
Pete Wentz, The Boy With The Thorn In His Side|I say, "Well then I don't know if it was real, and that makes me feel like I'm going insane again.""Absolutely it was real. It was a real, partial picture. Because it ended preemptively, things you would have learned about him in the relationship, you are instead learning in the breakup. You have learned that he has a desperate desire for intimacy and then a desperate desire for the cave. He will get lonely there eventually and come back.""To me?"He doesn't pause. "To someone new.""And I'll have to watch another girl?""You will have to, but you will also know what lies ahead for that poor girl.
Laurie Lee, Cider With Rosie|Maybe they have some new line of contacts that gives cute guys an alien, jeweled feel.
Morrie Schwartz|Civility, politeness, it's like a cement in a society: binds it together. And when we lose it, then I think we all feel lesser and slightly dirty because of it.
Zora Neale Hurston, Dust Tracks on a Road|I had hundreds of books under my skin already. Not selected reading, all of it. Some of it could be called trashy. I had been through Nick Carter, Horatio Alger, Bertha M. Clay and the whole slew of dime novelists in addition to some really constructive reading. I do not regret the trash. It has harmed me in no way. It was a help, because acquiring the reading habit early is the important thing. Taste and natural development will take care of the rest later on.
Cathy Lamb, Such A Pretty Face|I never once thought I wanted to be a soldier. I wanted to be a teacher. As soon as I left college, though, they sent me my draft notice, stuck me in officers training, and I ended up on the continent for twelve years. My life went by like a dream.
C. JoyBell C.|IF YOU WANT TO ALIVE REAL, THEN JOIN THE COMMUNITY OF HUMAN.
Emery Lord, Open Road Summer|LIFE isn't about waiting for the storm to pass,it's about learning to DANCE in the rain.
John Cheever|When I dare to be powerful - to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
E. Jamie, The Vendetta|You will never have to worry about safety. Being a Dardano will buy you all the security you’ll ever need.” Bree shook her head and threw her hands up. “Being a Dardano will put the bulls eye on my back, you asshole,” “Really, darling, once you become Mrs. Dardano, we’re going to have to work on cleaning up that saucy mouth of yours. At least in public,” Alessandro purred, tapping her nose. Bree saw red. But she smiled at him. She took the plate from him and set it down on the vanity table. Then she took the vitamin shake, pulled out the waistband of his pants and poured it down inside.
St. Clair, Georgette|Don’t worry, I’m the business expert here, and when I make my first million, I’m going to sue those werewolves’ asses off,” Priscilla said cheerfully.  “They’ll have no ass left. They’ll be ass-less. They’ll look ridiculous.
Linus Pauling|Being a vegan is pretty easy these days, as almost every town and city has health food stores and vegetarian-friendly restaurants.
Kimberly Giles, Choosing Clarity: The Path to Fearlessness|If life is a classroom then you’re still in the learning process part. In the learning process part, if you make a mistake you can just erase it and try again. In a classroom your mistakes deserve course correction and education, not punishment. Here the goal is to teach you how to behave better, not to fail or get rid of you. In a classroom, you can be a work in progress, and that’s okay. In a classroom, you are free to make mistakes in order to learn, because mistakes are part of learning. There are still consequences to every choice, but in a classroom you can’t fail, because your value isn’t on the line. If life is a classroom, you have the same value no matter how much you struggle, how many mistakes you make or how you perform. If life is a classroom you are safe.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Music moves the body, soul and spirit to the bliss.
Henry David Thoreau|Men are born to succeed, not to fail.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Dont be kind person ,because kind people are losers and they think they doing it right. I love riches because they destroy kind people like tank and they built their fortune. believing good or bad is just for weak people because strong people create them own role.
Alice Clayton, Wallbanger|Your insult has offended me. If we were at the Peaks, we would have to duel in traditional alil'tiki'i fashion.""Which is what?" Teft asked. "With spears?"Rock laughed. "No, no. We upon the Peaks are not barbarians like you down here.""How then?" Kaladin asked, genuinely curious."Well," Rock said, "is involving much mudbeer and singing."“How's that a duel?”"He who can still sing after the most drinks is winner. Plus, soon' everyone is so drunk that they forget what argument was about."Teft laughed. "Beats knives at dawn, I suppose.
Linda Howard, Mr. Perfect|Don’t kiss me,” she said warningly.“I don’t intend to,” he replied, smiling a little. “I don’t have my whip and chair with me.
Scott Speer|A cynic by experience, a romantic by inclination and now a hero by necessity.
Elizabeth Edwards|Resilience is accepting your new reality, even if it's less good than the one you had before. You can fight it, you can do nothing but scream about what you've lost, or you can accept that and try to put together something that's good.
Angelica Hopes|People spread gossips, calumny, and false accusations to destroy their subject victim's integrity. Question the motive of people who erroneously, offensively, defensively, intrusively, abusively and intentionally brand you as a threat, a risk or a danger to life or security. ~ Angelica Hopes, K.H. Trilogy
Leah Vincent, Cut Me Loose: Sin and Salvation After My Ultra-Orthodox Girlhood|You know how they say a holy man falls seven times and gets back up?" he asked, quoting the Hebrew phrase, the ancient words flying smoothly off his tongue. I nodded. "I always think that it isn't the persistence that makes him holy but the fact that he fell." His eyes sparkled with passion as he spoke. "You can't really commit to being religious, to loving God, if you haven't spent some time with your face in the dirt.
Anna Pavlova|Never mind what others do; do better than yourself, beat your own record from day to day, and you are a success.
John Waters|Being a traditionalist, I'm a rabid sucker for Christmas. In July, I'm already worried that there are only 146 shopping days left.
Tun Teja|when there is a bit mistrust, jealousy will arise and ended with misunderstanding
Christina Daley, Radiant|We don't live for sixty, eighty, or even a hundred years. We live for the few precious moments that happen in those sixty, eighty, or a hundred years. If not, then we're just taking up space and wasting time until we die.
Peter Jenkins, A Walk Across America|Oh, don't pull your hand away from me, I've promised myself that maybe by the end of this impossible narrative I shall understand, oh maybe it will be on Hell's road that I shall be able to find what we need—but don't pull your hand away, even though I now know that the finding has to come on the road of what we are, if I can succeed in not sinking completely into what we are.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|The naively cynical measure a piece of legislation, a victory, a milestone not against the past or the limits of the possible, but against their ideas of perfection...
Cale Dietrich, The Love Interest|In her world, the law was upside down. People had to break the law to live. The prohibition on drug-dealing, a serious crime in most countries, is not viewed in the same way – as protective of society – by North Koreans. It is viewed as a risk, like unauthorized parking. If you can get away with it, where’s the harm?
Paula Hawkins, The Girl on the Train|Hollowness: that I understand. I'm starting to believe that there isn't anything you can do to fix it. That's what I've taken from the therapy sessions: the holes in your life are permanent. You have to grow around them, like tree roots around concrete; you mold yourself through the gaps
Shirley Miranda, Falling|I promise.For the other side of the card, I put the giraffe and penguin on it and wrote:To think and try not to over think.To breathe, but not hyperventilate.To try to envision the best, and not dwell on the worst.To call you when I'm in trouble.To not do anything permanent on a situation that might be temporary.
David Brooks|Most important jobs of a parent: unconditional love, comfort and protection, and a solid platform and values for future success
Goitsemang Mvula|To aspire is to go back to the start of the journey when you're one lap away from the finish line, we have to begin with the end in mind and dig for for the opium goals.
David Foster Wallace|For me, art that's alive and urgent is about what it is to be a human being.
Fred Savage|I think most people, even if they say they hate horror movies, there's that feeling you get inside that you love. I mean, I love it. I love to have the hairs on the back of my neck stand up or get that chill up my spine.
Winston S. Churchill|Sure I am this day we are masters of our fate, that the task which has been set before us is not above our strength; that its pangs and toils are not beyond our endurance. As long as we have faith in our own cause and an unconquerable will to win, victory will not be denied us.
Leo Tolstoy|exile is strangely compelling to think about but terrible to experience. It is the unhealable rift forced between a human being and a native place, between the self and its true home: its essential sadness can never be surmounted. And while it is true that literature and history contain heroic, romantic, glorious, even triumphant episodes in an exile’s life, these are no more than efforts meant to overcome the crippling sorrow of estrangement.
Dario Argento|I think my thing is that... I don't know. And that's why I don't wanna sing about 'This is me, this is who I am' because, like, even the question, 'Tell me about yourself' - what are you supposed to say? 'Ooh, I'm a happy girl, but I'm sad, too'? People are so complex.
Roland Burrage Dixon, Oceanic Mythology|Your reign of terror will soon be over,” he stated confidently.
Tahir Shah, Travels With Myself|Move to a new country and you quickly see that visiting a place as a tourist, and actually moving there for good, are two very different things.
Iain M. Banks, Consider Phlebas|Time was unending when charmed, captivated, even delighted by the mystical motion of the ocean!
Simon Van Booy, The Illusion of Separateness|I shook my head. "I'm good, Nicky helped."Nicky looked at Edward. "She's having one of those what-if-killing-feels-really-good, doesn't-that-make-me-a-bad-person moments." Edward nodded as if that made perfect sense. "Then it feels good. We can't really control what flips our switch; don't judge it, Anita, and just accept it."I wanted to argue, but it would have been beyond stupid to argue with the two sociopaths in my life. "Why do I have moral quandary questions with the two of you?""Because you don't really have moral quandaries about violence, Anita, but you're afraid of being judged for enjoying it, so you only bring it to the two people in your life who won't judge you." I wanted to argue with Edward, but I couldn't. "Well, fuck.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|A "racist" thinks themselves better than other races. An "elitist" thinks they are better than everyone.
Alyssa Reyans, Letters from a Bipolar Mother|The doctor’s words made me understand what happened to me was a dark, evil, and shameful secret, and by association I too was dark, evil, and shameful. While it may not have been their intention, this was the message my clouded mind received. To escape the confines of the hospital, I once again disassociated myself from my emotions and numbed myself to the pain ravaging my body and mind. I acted as if nothing was wrong and went back to performing the necessary motions to get me from one day to the next. I existed but I did not live.
Christopher Pike, Chain Letter|It’s like a haunted house we can’t leave,’ Neil said.A haunted house we’re afraid to leave, Tony thought.
Harold Klemp, The Language of Soul: Keys to Living a More Meaningful Life|A Seed for Contemplation:Creative people who cherish the gift of life often slip into the secret chambers of the creative mind. Their solutions are well-rounded, more sensible than those of people who rely solely upon reason as their mainstay. Gratitude unseals fountains of creativity, because a grateful person is relaxed. This allows him to take stock of his circumstances with an objective mind. A creative person often gets three-dimensional answers to his problems. — ,
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|In his mind, Inman likened the swirling paths of vulture flight to the coffee grounds seeking pattern in his cup. Anyone could be oracle for the random ways things fall against each other. It was simple enough to tell fortunes if a man dedicated himself to the idea that the future will inevitably be worse than the past and that time is a path leading nowhere but a place of deep and persistent threat. The way Inman saw it, if a thing like Fredericksburg was to be used as a marker of current position, then many years hence, at the rate we're going, we'll be eating one another raw.
Elliott Abrams|The thing I always say to people is this: 'If you avoid failure, you also avoid success.'
Bob Proctor|You're going to find the people that make it work NEVER quit, quitting is NOT an option.
Erykah Badu|What, but the rapacity of the only men who exercised their reason, the priests, secured such vast property to the church, when a man gave his perishable substance to save himself from the dark torments of purgatory.
Elizabeth Berg, Joy School|Well, luck is for fools. It's all they have to hope for, poor devils.
Stephanie Lahart|Ladies! I encourage you NOT to be so easily flattered by what a man has. Be flattered by his strength, courage, integrity, and character as a man. Be impressed by his ability to be honest, faithful, loving, and respectful to you. Be impressed because he can communicate and openly express his feelings. Be impressed because he’s got confidence, direction, and purpose in his life. Be impressed because he’s a quality man, NOT a fine man. Real Talk!
Lisa See, Peony in Love|Ranger cradled my face in his hands, using his thumbs to wipe the tears from my eyes. "The ceremony is over. Can you make it back to the car?"I nodded. "I'm okay now. Am I red and blotchy from crying?""Yes," Ranger said, brushing a kiss across my forehead. "I love you anyway.""There's all kinds of love," I said.Ranger took me by the hand and led me back to the SUV. "This is the kind that doesn't call for a ring. But a condom might come in handy.""That's not love," I told him. "That's lust.
Robert Fulghum, Maybe, Maybe Not|He [Christ] died for me. He made His righteousness mine and made my sin His own; and if He made my sin His own, then I do not have it, and I am free.
Ivan Turgenev, Home of the Gentry|She did not understand why women complicated their lives with corsets and petticoats, so she sewed herself a coarse cassock that she simply put over her and without further difficulties resolved the problem of dress, without taking away the feeling of being naked, which according to her lights was the only decent way to be when at home.
Cassandra Clare, Zombies Vs. Unicorns|If you love someone, you're not supposed to want them to come back. Better a peaceful sleep in the earth than the life of a zombie--not really dead but not really alive, either.
John Gillespie Magee Jr.|High FlightOh! I have slipped the surly bonds of EarthAnd danced the skies on laughter-silvered wings;Sunward I’ve climbed, and joined the tumbling mirthof sun-split clouds, — and done a hundred thingsYou have not dreamed of — wheeled and soared and swungHigh in the sunlit silence. Hov’ring there,I’ve chased the shouting wind along, and flungMy eager craft through footless halls of air....Up, up the long, delirious, burning blueI’ve topped the wind-swept heights with easy grace.Where never lark, or even eagle flew —And, while with silent, lifting mind I've trodThe high untrespassed sanctity of space,- Put out my hand, and touched the face of God.
Monica McCarty, The Viper|The time has come. I know you, and now you will know me. Ever Yours.
Adam Nevill, Last Days|Thou shalt not think that thou be a leader, merely because thee be having more than 0 followers.
Lauren Groff, The Monsters of Templeton|don't fly too close to the sun," Tess Calls. "you'll burn the tips of your wings. Stay right with me. i'll keep you safe.
Alisha Rai, Veiled Seduction|Let’s not get started on their uniforms. Superman’s stretchy spandex has nothing on Batman’s sculpted pecs.”He glared at her. “You cannot bring fashion sense into a superhero discussion!”“If they wear it, it’s fair game.” She folded her arms on the table.
George Garrett, Death of the Fox: A Novel of Elizabeth and Ralegh|And unbidden, floating into consciousness came the truth of his utter wretchedness. Even the very earth seemed to cry out in pain. Hodburn Wood
Karl Jaspers|We all have special numbers in our lives, and 4 is that for me. It's the day I was born. My mother's birthday, and a lot of my friends' birthdays, are on the fourth; April 4 is my wedding date.
George Orwell, 1984|Do you realize that the past, starting from yesterday, has been actually abolished? If it survives anywhere, it's in a few solid objects with no words attached to them, like that lump of glass there. Already we know almost literally nothing about the Revolution and the years before the Revolution. Every record has been destroyed or falsified, every book rewritten, every picture has been repainted, every statue and street and building has been renamed, every date has been altered. And that process is continuing day by day and minute by minute. History has stopped. Nothing exists except an endless present in which the party is always right.
Holly Robinson Peete|Ecosystems are holy. The word "environmental" is a deadly compromise itself. It's a policy word that lives only in the head, and barely there.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|Only one-tenth of what you write will make it into your manuscript, but when you knock on that tenth” – I rap my knuckles on the table – “you’ll hear oaken solidity, not sawdust and glue.
Elizabeth George, Finding God's Path Through Your Trials: His Help for Every Difficulty You Face|A joyful person is one who deals daily with their problems, faithfully and obediently counting their trials as joy.
Mao Zedong|What strikes me is the fact that in our society, art has become something which is only related to objects, and not to individuals, or to life.
Lucy Robinson, The Greatest Love Story of All Time|You want me to invite him to dinner.” “I want you to invite him to dinner,” she agreed. “You know,” he said, “most gay men don’t have mothers who are this enthusiastic about their love lives.” “That’s probably true,” she said. “You’re one of the lucky ones.
M.F. Moonzajer|My kindness is the old version of my life, I have grown up.
Paul Auster|Everybody make words,' he continued. 'Everybody write things down. Children in school do lessons in my books. Teachers put grades in my books. Love letters sent in envelopes I sell. Ledgers for accountants, pads for shopping lists, agendas for planning week. Everything in here important to life, and that make me happy, give honour to my life.'The man delivered his little speech with such solemnity, such a grave sense of purpose and commitment, I confess that I felt moved. What kind of stationery store owner was this, I wondered, who expounded to his customers on the metaphysics of paper, who saw himself as serving an essential role in the myriad affairs of humanity? There was something comical about it, I suppose, but as I listened to him talk, it didn't occur to me to laugh.
Michael McCretton, Beauty Can Kill / The River Is Cold|If now in some ways I drink too much, it’s not that I lack a reverence for the world.
U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg|A constitution, as important as it is, will mean nothing unless the people are yearning for liberty and freedom.
Ignazio Silone, Bread and Wine|Destiny is the invention of the cowardly, and the resigned.
E.M. Forster, Maurice|He was such a great lover. He was so male, so thoroughly a man that she felt all the rewards of being his woman." (showing 0-0 of 0) (0.04 seconds)
Nico J. Genes, Magnetic Reverie|Yes, if the stones that we walked on could talk, they would surely tell our story.
Agatha Christie, Three Act Tragedy|Mr. Satterthwaite looked cheered. Suddenly an idea struck him. His jaw fell. "My goodness," he cried, "I've only just realized it! That rascal, with his poisoned cocktail! Anyone might have drunk it! It might have been me!""There is an even more terrible possibility that you have not considered," said Poirot. "Eh?""It might have been me," said Hercule Poirot.
Neil Gaiman, Dream Country|When the first living thing existed, I was there waiting. When the last living thing dies, my job will be finished. I'll put the chairs on the tables, turn out the lights and lock the universe behind me when I leave.
Uma Shanker|The road appears longer when you are tired and shorter when you are energetic.The road is the same. It is your frame of mind that changes your perception of the road!!Life is always the same. Your desires, expectations, disappointments and achievements that define your life and your frame of mind!!
Rollo May, The Meaning of Anxiety|I will always aspire to contain my shit as best I can, but I am no longer interested in hiding my dependencies in an effort to appear superior to those who are more visibly undone or aching.
Dawn Steel|During my childhood, my father, a Southern Baptist minister, and my mother, a teacher, made sure I took educational trips to cities such as Washington, D.C., Williamsburg, Va., Philadelphia, and Boston to learn about America's history.
Sarah Maclay|The sea is dangerous, they say, but not if you're the sea.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Man! What are you? Who are you? Just a shadow in this universe! You always forget this and the truth will always remind you what you really are! Do you want to be a real thing, not just a shadow? Improve your science ten thousand times; improve your science hundred thousand times! If you can’t improve your science, you will remain as a miserable shadow!
Erich Fromm|Science is the first expression of punk, because it doesn't advance without challenging authority. It doesn't make progress without tearing down what was there before and building upon the structure.
Meir Kahane|Living gives you a better understanding of life. I would hope that my characters have become deeper and more rounded personalities. Wider travels have given me considerably greater insight into how cultural differences affect not only people, but politics and art.
Siouxsie Sioux|No country in Europe has a larger proportion of men and women of immigrant descent, mainly from the African continent and mainly Muslim: an estimated six to seven million of them, or more than 10% of the population.
Kamand Kojouri|Because in truth, my love, if you have thought of me once then I have thought of you a thousand times. You have captured my heart. It is yours. I am at your mercy now
C.S. Lewis, The Silver Chair|It is a very funny thing that the sleepier you are, the longer you take about getting to bed.
Deyth Banger|I get it, even if Jamie can't put it into words. There are some books you can never get rid of, even if you don't like the ending.
Clare Fisher|I like how books let you into another world, but how it's secret. Like, when you read, the world you see is different from the one someone else sees when they read the same words. It's just yours.
Catherynne M. Valente, In the Night Garden|you're Shane, right?'He inched away from her and managed a quick nod as he twisted the rag he held in his fingers. 'Heidi sad you were willing to teach me how to ride.' Her expression shifted from entertained to confused, as if she was wondering why no one had mentioned he was a can or two shy of a six-pack. 'A horse,' he clarified, then wanted to kick himself. What else but a horse? Did he think she was here to learn to ride his mother's elephant? One corner of Annabelle's perfect, full mouth twitched. 'A horse would be good. You seem to have several.'He wanted to remind himself that he was usually fine around women. Smooth even. He was intelligent, funny and could, on occasion, be charming. Just not now, with his blood pumping and his brain doing nothing more than shouting "it's her, it's her" over and over again. Chemistry, he thought grimly. It could turn the smartest man into a drooling idiot. Here he was, proving the theory true.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We must learn to let the Word of God feed us and strengthen us in our faith in God its author, Christ its message, and the Holy Spirit its teacher.
Akimine Kamijyo, Samurai Deeper Kyo, Volume 03|Now it’s clear to me, I haven’t understood as well as I should, the cracks on the ground we stood. A blast ignited through ballot boxes by the choices of unsuspecting and innocent Nigerians has rippled across the country and has torn the curtain open to set the stage for these cracks to grow into magnified quakes now swallowing us up.” - Dami K.
Andrew Espley|We're young. We’re supposed to drink too much. We're supposed to have bad attitudes and shag each other's brains out. We were designed to party. We owe it to ourselves to party hard. We owe it to each other. This is it. This is our time. So a few of us will overdose, or go mental. Charles Darwin said you can't make an omelet without breaking a few eggs. That's what it's about - breakin' eggs - by eggs, I mean, getting twatted on a cocktail of class. As. If you could see yourselves... We had it all. We have fucked up bigger and better than any generation that came before us. We were so beautiful... We're screw-ups. I plan on staying a screw-up until my late twenties, or maybe even my early thirties. And I will shag my own mum before I let anyone else take that away from me!
Shia LaBeouf|When you start falling for somebody and you can't stop thinking about when you're going to see them again, I love that. Women are beautiful. They deserve to be cherished and respected.
Hazel Rochman|Lost in my dreams, I somehow cross at the traffic signals, bumping into street lamps or people, yet moving onward, exuding fumes of beer and grime, yet smiling, because my briefcase is full of books and that very night I expect them to tell me things about myself I don't know.
Destiny Booze|The madder it makes you, the harder you need to laugh at it.
Alexei Panshin, Rite of Passage|We understand why it is better to teach a starving man to fish, but a repertoire course is worse than handing a a fish to a starving man. Our students are not starving; if anything, they are drowning in a sea of information. So a survey course is more like handing a giant box of chocolates to a fat, rich man.
Deyth Banger|Nowadays, it's hard to find the best horror and to be interesting and to be afraid of it!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Satan is both a fashion designer and an interior designer. He first appeals to the eye and then shouts, “Gotcha!” Then he goes to work on the “inside job.
Aline Templeton, Cold in the Earth|When I held my new puppy in my arms, I broke down in tears. Because I had fallen in love. Not somewhat in love. Not partly in love. Not in a limited amount. I fell fully in love with a creature I had known for all of nine hours.
-Jerrycel Verlinden|Woah, their gorgeous not so fast I haven't even catched your name or your number" - Jaxson Evans
Drew  Hayes, The Utterly Uninteresting and Unadventurous Tales of Fred, the Vampire Accountant|But remember the overall lesson, that your love for others, and their love for you, that the increase of love in life itself around you, is what matters.
Tim Tharp, The Spectacular Now|They've drummed the miraculous out of you, but you don't want it to be like that. You want the miraculous. You want everything to still be new.
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|You be careful, Wizard. Interestingly eccentric friends aren't easy to find.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Before we can fix the situation, we have to first see the situation, the world can't see straight right now, some are blinded by hatred, rage, fear, scepticism, some are blinded by their pains.We need to pray...pray that God open our eyes to see the problem from the source and not from the surface.You cannot solve a situation that you cannot see correctly.
Amy Neftzger, War of Words|Time is the wave upon the shore. It takes some things away, but it brings other things.
Bette Davis|The key to life is accepting challenges. Once someone stops doing this, he's dead.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|I lit a cigarette. 'Go ahead, take a smoke,' my father said. 'It won't kill you. Only sadness will.
Paul  Lockhart, A Mathematician's Lament: How School Cheats Us Out of Our Most Fascinating and Imaginative Art Form|In any case, do you really think kids even want something that is relevant to their daily lives? You think something practical like compound interest is going to get them excited? People enjoy fantasy, and that is just what mathematics can provide -- a relief from daily life, an anodyne to the practical workaday world.
Julieanne O'Connor, Spelling It Out for Your Man|Just as the rain carries positive ions, so does change make you more apt to experience love with an expansive heart.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Debt is always negative, no matter how positively you try to look at it. The “minus” sign in front of your bank balance is a dead giveaway, despite what you might think about leveraging or whatever. It’s even worse when it’s a credit card or a student loan, and you can’t even remember what you’ve bought or learned with it. Sure, the minimum repayments will eventually cancel it out, but by that time you will most likely have dentures and be peeing anywhere you damn well please.
Jayson Engay|When a man is getting better, he understands more and more clearly the evil that is still left in him.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May we reach out to one another in love, in faith and in kindness.
Andrew Murray, Humility|If you uproot the idol and fail to plant the love of Christ in its place, the idol will grow back.
Michael Bassey Johnson|If you can be heartless as the first man who visited the space, then there will be nothing impossibe for you to achieve.
David Hume, Dialogues Concerning Natural Religion|How can we satisfy ourselves without going on in infinitum? And, after all, what satisfaction is there in that infinite progression? Let us remember the story of the Indian philosopher and his elephant. It was never more applicable than to the present subject. If the material world rests upon a similar ideal world, this ideal world must rest upon some other; and so on, without end. It were better, therefore, never to look beyond the present material world.
Richard Rohr, Adam's Return: The Five Promises of Male Initiation|What if she'd sought God's Word for her pain? What if she'd resolved to forgive Rees for hurting her and trusted God to work that forgiveness out in her heart, so that she would have arrived in London with an attitude of humility and trust in God to lead her to the right person?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Mistakes and failures are valuable experiences. With every experience, you increase in knowledge and wisdom for the ultimate success.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|This is beauty, love, and truth all rolled into one. This is joy. And now that I've found it, how can I give it up? Life and work are the most wonderful things a man can have.
A.G. Howard, Splintered|Charlotte hadn't seen or heard anyone approaching, so she yelped when the stranger hoisted her into his arms. All she could do was stare blankly at the absolute strinking male who had just scooped her up and now held her in his arms. She thought she was hallucinating, because this mysterious guy was seriously cute. She wasn't usually at a loss for words, but she had completely lost her ability to think straight, so she decided to keep her mouth shut.
Mili Fay, Warriors of Virtue Epic YA Fantasy Series Episode 1: Text Edition|It was a war, and in a war there are always casualties. Never winners, but always plenty of casualties.
Cindy Gerard, To the Edge|Go to bed," he ordered. "Go to bed... and stay there.
Douglas J. Moo, The Letters to the Colossians and to Philemon|With Christ as your partner, there is no such thing as failure, only results.
Dolly Parton|I do remember how it was to be poor. I do remember that in my early years, we had to grow and raise all of our food, even our animals. And I remember in my early life, we didn't even have electricity. So it was very, very hard times then.
Oprah Winfrey|True forgiveness is when you can say, "Thank you for that experience.
Richard Dawkins|My whole life has been learning to lead, from my parents, to my education, to the experience I had in the private sector, to helping run the Olympics, and then of course helping guide a state.
Claire Tomalin, Charles Dickens|He who is of a calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age. But to him who is of an opposite disposition, youth and age are equally a burden.
Mica Rossi|In the space between wake and sleep, where the real world juxtaposes with the imagination, that's where I live.
Nick Harkaway, The Gone-Away World|Newton's work on gravity led to the discovery of the Lagrange point, a place where opposing forces cancel one another out, and a body may remain at relative rest. This is where I am right now; the forces in my life confound one another. Better, for the moment, to be here and now, without history or future.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|He Is looking at me through the smoke, across the fence. He never takes his eyes off me. His hair Is a crown of leaves, of thorns, of flames. His eyes are blazing with light, more light than all the lights in every city in the whole world, more light than we could ever invent If we had ten thousand billion years.
Susan Ee, End of Days|Don't break your discipline, form it!
Dada Bhagwan|A wife and a husband! For infinite lifetimes this is all one has done. And in doing so, one has lost his Absolute Supreme Self [Parmatma]!
Donna Grant, Dark Craving|He held the sword as if he's used one before," Rhys said.The stranger snorted. "Of course I've used a sword. What kind of Highlander can no' wield a blade?
Martin Luther King Jr.|He swore by all that he ever had loved and reverenced that he would try, try with all his might in the short time that might remain to him...he would forget himself, he would put his own pain and chagrin and disappointment, his own feeling of defeat and uselessness, his own craving for love and intellectual companionship in the background, and he would see if the more than six feet of bone and muscle that contained his being could do any small service that might come his way for God and his fellow man before he went. Maybe if he could accomplish some little thing, something that would ease the ache of even one heart that ached as his was aching at that minute, just maybe that knowledge would be the secret that he might carry in his breast that would set the stamp of an indelible smile on his face, so that even a child could discern the majesty of the impulse and he would not be ashamed when the end came.
Alexander Payne|When you're an adult, when times are good, entire years go by in what feels like the space of one season. But the worst trick time plays on you is just how slowly the worst times in your life take you to live through.
Martin Luther|I have prayed for years for one good humiliation a day, and then, I must watch my reaction to it. I have no other way of spotting both my denied shadow self and my idealized persona.
Phil McGraw|Integrating in the society is a fundamental scriptural Christian trait. This integration is a must - moderate constructive integration. All of us, as Egyptians, have to participate.
Richard Courant|The ultimate goal of a meteorologist is to set up differential equations of the movements of the air and to obtain, as their integral, the general atmospheric circulation, and as particular integrals the cyclones, anticyclones, tornados, and thunderstorms.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|It is not fancy hair, gold jewelry, or fine clothes that should make you beautiful. No, your beauty should come from within you - the beauty of a gentle and quiet spirit. This beauty will never disappear, and it is worth very much to God. Peter 3:3-4
G.S. Jennsen, Rubicon|In the corner of her eye she caught her daughter’s shoulders drop as Alex exhaled with uncommon soberness. “So you trust me, and you understand that I will never do anything I think might hurt you.”Miriam stopped outside the armory and pivoted to her daughter. “Alex, what have you done?
Gabriel Brunsdon, Azlander: Second Nature|Life is chemistry, not biology.
Samantha and john|I’m the muhfucka that did this to you! If y’all don’t know me, you better get to know me, or fuck around and wind up wit’ a hole in your forehead.
Lisa Unger|The truth has not so much set us free as it has ripped away a carefully constructed facade, leaving us naked to begin again.
Mae West|Well married a person has wings, poorly married shackles.
Geoffrey Wood|What they don't tell you when you get sober is that if you manage to stay that way, you will bury your friends. Not everyone gets to have a whole new shiny-but-messy life like I have, and I've never come up with a satisfying explanation for why that is.
Craig S. Keener, Gift & Giver: The Holy Spirit for Today|If we want to go Fast than go Alone but if We want to go Far, lets go Together..adopt the "We" spirit..Life isn't all about "Selfie
Alana Stewart|It is clear that the pharmaceutical industry is not, by any stretch of the imagination, doing enough to ensure that the poor have access to adequate medical care.
Wordions|Trans” may work well enough as shorthand, but the quickly developing mainstream narrative it evokes (“born in the wrong body,” necessitating an orthopedic pilgrimage between two fixed destinations) is useless for some—but partially, or even profoundly, useful for others? That for some, “transitioning” may mean leaving one gender entirely behind, while for others—like Harry, who is happy to identify as a butch on T—it doesn’t? I’m not on my way anywhere, Harry sometimes tells inquirers. How to explain, in a culture frantic for resolution, that sometimes the shit stays messy? I do not want the female gender that has been assigned to me at birth. Neither do I want the male gender that transsexual medicine can furnish and that the state will award me if I behave in the right way. I don’t want any of it. How to explain that for some, or for some at some times, this irresolution is OK—desirable, even (e.g., “gender hackers”)—whereas for others, or for others at some times, it stays a source of conflict or grief? How does one get across the fact that the best way to find out how people feel about their gender or their sexuality—or anything else, really—is to listen to what they tell you, and to try to treat them accordingly, without shellacking over their version of reality with yours?
Charles Sturridge|I'd never thought much about a series, because I liked the idea of picking a script I liked with a character I thought I could sustain for an hour. In a series, you live with one character day in and day out - and you only hope it will be one that will not drive you crazy.
Steve Maraboli|Tis torture, and not mercy. Heaven is here Where Juliet lives, and every cat and dog And little mouse, every unworthy thing, Live here in heaven and may look on her, But Romeo may not.
Rai Aren|I made the choice to be vegan because I will not eat (or wear, or use) anything that could have an emotional response to its death or captivity. I can well imagine what that must feel like for our non-human friends - the fear, the terror, the pain - and I will not cause such suffering to a fellow living being.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In our resurrection bodies we will know nothing of physical weakness. Limitations imposed on us on this earth are not known in heaven. We will have a habitation from God that is incorruptible, immortal, and powerful.
Vineet Raj Kapoor|There is no Situation in which Arms can get an Answer. Arms only ensure, that there would Never be an Answer.
Charbel Tadros|No one can escape karma. Two events which may, at first, seem disconnected can be karmically connected. After all, karma works on a spiritual level which may manifest itself physically in a myriad of seemingly unrelated ways.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Disturbing encounters in life spur reflective thinking that jars a person from his or her exhausted ideologies and way of living. A person who lives passionately will develop a philosophic outlook because the road of excess leads to knowledge. Enthusiasm will frequently make a person look foolish, and result in intermittent periods of despondency and self-questioning, yet only exuberance and a degree of risk-taking leads us to wisdom.
Ava Dellaira|The faery lady looked at Hettie curiously from beneath her wig. "You know..." she said, very softly. "All I wanted was that you would be my friend. That isn't very much to ask, is it? Doesn't everyone in the Smoke Lands have a friend? Doesn't everyone have someone?" She smiled pitifully and looked away. "I wanted a little person who would be mine, because no one else is. Life is so lonely when one lives as long as we do, in such a horrible, horrible house. But you never wanted to be my friend. You never, ever did.
David James Duncan|Our lack of community is intensely painful. A TV talk show is not community. A couple of hours in a church pew each Sabbath is not community. A multinational corporation is neither a human nor a community, and in the sweatshops, defiled agribusiness fields, genetic mutation labs, ecological dead zones, the inhumanity is showing. Without genuine spiritual community, life becomes a struggle so lonely and grim that even Hillary Clinton has admitted "it takes a village".
Yossi Ghinsberg|Amidst the vicissitudes of the earth's surface, species cannot be immortal, but must perish, one after another, like the individuals which compose them. There is no possibility of escaping from this conclusion.
Dylan Moran|To a drinker the sensation is real and pure and akin to something spiritual: you seek; in the bottle, you find.
J.C. Joranco, Say It Ain't So|It was like walking into another world. While the mansion was bright, warm, comfy and filled with sound and color, the outside was dark, cold, colorless and devoid of people.I found myself standing beside Thomas in the street. The paved road felt so cold it was hurting my feet. I kept moving them up and down, afraid my skin would freeze to the pavement. My heart was racing already and I felt a bit out of breath. If we stood there much longer i was going to hyperventilate.
Debasish Mridha|When you love, you change the world.You bring tranquility, harmony, and joy.You attract beauty of angel inside you.Your heart sings the song of love.
Charles Kettering|I have a friend who is very successful in business, and his motto is, 'Don't do what you can do. Do what only you can do.' First of all, you have to know what your specific, unique gift is and then you do that... every actor does that but every once in a while an actor plays a part that only they can play.
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|Moon, moon, rise in the sky to be a reminder of comfort and the hour when I was brave.
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|Yes, faith; it is my cousin's duty to make curtsy and say 'Father, as it please you.' But yet for all that, cousin, let him be a handsome fellow, or else make another curtsy and say 'Father, as it please me.
Susan Wiggs, The Apple Orchard|What a joy life is when you have made a close working partnership with Nature, helping her to produce for the benefit of mankind new forms, colors, and perfumes in flowers which were never known before; fruits in form, size, and flavor never before seen on this globe." -Luther Burbank.
Kelly Moran, All of Me|Writing is simply another means for truth to escape, besides crawling out the hole it’s eaten in the author’s belly.
Sweden Reese, The Southern Gentleman: Protective Instinct|It wasn’t that her dress was revealing, not by current standards, but the fitted bodice and flaring skirt played with a man’s imagination in a maddening way. It would be easy access to put her over his knee, flip up the skirt and warm her luscious ass with the palm of his hand.
Katherine Parkinson|I am interested in computers and technology, and art, photography, and design.
Deyth Banger|You can't jugde me for god sake, I know you better than anyone for god sake. You believe in time don't ya??...You believe in bible?? Don't ya???You believe in soul?? Don't ya???...Of Is there a purpose of the purple of the round of going more further than this?, we are still on the top and look what I found!
Lauren Child, I Am Not Sleepy and I Will Not Go to Bed|Then I say, "Let's go and brush our teeth." So Lola says, "But Charlie, I can't brush my teeth because somebody is using my tooth." "But who would use your toothbrush?" I ask. Lola says "I think that lion. I saw a lion with my toothbrush and now he's brushing his teeth with it." "But it isn't this your toothbrush Lola?" "Oh," says Lola, "he must be using yours.
Kevin Brooks, Martyn Pig|I soaked up the drink and it, in return, absorbed me.
Thea Harrison, Shadow's End|Almost as if speaking to herself, she continued, I would love to fly. I've always wondered what it be like to have that sense of freedom.A wistful note in her voice tugged at something deep inside him.He replied. I couldn't conceive of living without it. I can't imagine being forever grounded.
Marcel Proust, The Captive & The Fugitive|She was capable of causing me pain, but no longer any joy. Pain alone kept my wearisome attachment alive.
Matthew Norman, Domestic Violets|I know nothing,” I say, cheerfully.“You never seem to. Have you ever wondered why that is?”“It’s very deliberate. I’ve found that knowledge is usually a burden. I prefer to be surprised and then eventually horrified.
Charles R. Swindoll|If you allow it, [suffering] can be the means by which God brings you His greatest blessings.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Because being comfortable meant she might lower her guard, and she could not let that happen.
Marcel Proust, The Captive: Part 2|So you really meant what you said to me yesterday?" Her voice rose. "I should find myself a nice wolf and settle down?" He fought off the rising incursions of dissonance, the razor blades sliding through his brain stem and traveling down his spine. "That would be rushing things.
Henry Kimsey-House, Co-Active Leadership: Five Ways to Lead|I stopped short and sighed as Derek stepped up behind me, arms sliding around my waist. I leaned back against him and rel
Peter Barnes, The Ruling Class: A Baroque Comedy|How do you know when you're God?" "When I pray to him I find I am talking to myself.
Suzette Boon, Coping with Trauma-Related Dissociation: Skills Training for Patients and Therapists|Complex PTSD consists of of six symptom clusters, which also have been described in terms of dissociation of personality. Of course, people who receive this diagnosis often also suffer from other problems as well, and as noted earlier, diagnostic categories may overlap significantly. The symptom clusters are as follows:Alterations in Regulation of Affect ( Emotion ) and ImpulsesChanges in Relationship with othersSomatic SymptomsChanges in MeaningChanges in the perception of SelfChanges in Attention and Consciousness
Alfred Jarry, Days and Nights|Through her the battling man becomes sublime,and fairy tales are spun from gray-maned storms;From moments' tears immortal pearls are formedAnd dulcet wonders cradle bloody times("She Rests")
Mark Schatzker, The Dorito Effect: The Surprising New Truth About Food and Flavor|I won't eat what I can't kill. It seems shoddy, hypocritical.
Rebecca MacKinnon|Over the past several decades, a growing number of investors have been choosing to put their money in funds that screen companies for their environmental and labor records. Some socially responsible investors are starting to add free expression and privacy to their list of criteria.
Michael  Grant, Light|Delay of pain: that was the meaning of life, wasn’t it?“I’ve made some bad decisions,” Caine said, not really meaning to say it out loud.
Teresa Lo, The Other Side: a Collection of Short Stories|Science has marched forward. But civilization’s values remain rooted in philosophies, religious traditions, and ethical frameworks devised many centuries ago. Even our economic system, capitalism, is half a millennium old. The first stock exchange opened in 1602 in Amsterdam. By 1637, tulip mania had caused the first speculation bubble and crash. And not a lot has changed. Virtually every business stills uses the double-entry bookkeeping and accounting adopted in thirteenth –century Venice. So our daily dealings are still heavily influenced by ideas that were firmly set before anyone knew the world was round. In many ways, they reflect how we understood the world when we didn’t understand the world at all.
Alfred Hermida, Tell Everyone: Why We Share and Why It Matters|In less than a decade, social media is one of those things that has become part of the fabric of society. It is also something about which everyone has an opinion. At some point in a dinner party, someone tends to malign social media for being full of updates about lunch or photos of pets. Life is full of froth. It is the mundane that makes us human. The seemingly inconsequential tidbits we share help us forge social bonds and bring us closer together.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Mother Night|We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.
J.K. Rowling|My mum always said things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end. If not always in the ways we expect". -Luna lovegood( Harry potter and the order of the phenoix)
Murray N. Rothbard|What makes anyone think that government officials are even trying to protect us? A government is not analogous to a hired security guard. Governments do not come into existence as social service organizations or as private firms seeking to please consumers in a competitive market. Instead, they are born in conquest and nourished by plunder. They are, in short, well-armed gangs intent on organized crime. Yes, rulers have sometimes come to recognize the prudence of protecting the herd they are milking and even of improving its ‘infrastructure’ until the day they decide to slaughter the young bulls, but the idea that government officials seek to promote my interests or yours is little more than propaganda—unless, of course, you happen to belong to the class of privileged tax eaters who give significant support to the government and therefore receive in return a share of the loot.
John Marsden, The Night Is for Hunting|I remembered Robyn telling me the story of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, and how they'd survived: when the King chucked them in the furnace and an angel or someone went in with them. The furnace blazed all around them but they didn't burn.And it did calm me. I don't know if it was Robyn or an angel or even God himself was in the boot, but I was starting to suspect that whenever I wanted God, he was there. Only not necessarily in the form I wanted, or doing what I wanted...In the pitch of the black boot I clung to the image of a fiery furnace, and it wasn't the furnace or Hell either.
Jenna Jameson|I hasten to laugh at everything, for fear of being obliged to weep.
Kelley Armstrong|Deep Sleep is good for weight loss: Sleep increases glucose metabolism and is linked to better blood sugar control, boosts secretion of growth hormone, which— along with cortisol— regulates belly fat; activates cellular repair and mends injury; normalizes cortisol levels during the day and improves memory.
Marcha A. Fox, Beyond the Hidden Sky|I look at him and realize, maybe I overreacted. Maybe more than once.
Lang Leav, Sad Girls|It’s amazing what people create using their pain. Work that is touched by melancholy has its own unique beauty. Even the word ‘melancholy’ is pretty, the way it rolls on your tongue. I think sadness adds something to literature that is unique. It’s an ingredient like . . .” I thought for a moment. “Like salt. Salt has that power to completely transform a dish. I think sadness has that same transformative effect in literature.
Effrosyni Moschoudi, The Flow (book 2)|It was all about taking the leap of faith. It said that the fear that stops us from doing what we really want, is often not based on reality. We shape our fears in our heads, but things are so much easier than we think.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|Maturity, one discovers, has everything to do with the acceptance of ‘not knowing.
Dylan Thomas|I know we're not saints or virgins or lunatics; we know all the lust and lavatory jokes, and most of the dirty people; we can catch buses and count our change and cross the roads and talk real sentences. But our innocence goes awfully deep, and our discreditable secret is that we don't know anything at all, and our horrid inner secret is that we don't care that we don't.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The people of the light, loves the light of knowledge.
Edith Wharton|My Ghost- Once, I saw a rainbow in the sky, and then, poof, it was gone. Just like the dreams I had of you everyday of my life since the day I met you. I thought we had something, but it turned out that it was just a mist in the air. A mist visible only for so long and then soon, it vanished like a ghost. You were once my knight in shining armor, but now your the pale ghost in my dreams. In my nightmares.
Rashod Ollison|Terrifying, that the loss of intimacy with one person results in the freezing over of the world, and the loss of oneself.
Kate Lord Brown, The Taste of Summer|I follow the path we’ve taken so many times this summer – across the front, down the street, cut back through a neighbor’s yard, down the stairs to the beach, past the pier, through the campfire labyrinth, up to the deck of the Shack, and straight into Sam’s arms. Without speaking, he kisses me hard on the mouth and I kiss him back, sobbing and crumpling into his chest like a broken puppet.
Arnold J. Toynbee|Worshipping the Lord means giving Him the place that he must have; worshipping the Lord means stating, believing - not only by our words - that He alone truly guides our lives; worshipping the Lord means that we are convinced before Him that He is the only God, the God of our lives, the God of our history.
Ratish Edwards|The length of novels, poems and stories, is measured by the number of missing words; a thousand pages become one, one becomes a thousand.
Booker T. Washington, Up from Slavery|You are young still. Naturally, one tries this, that and the other, but what one eventually settles down into is the life one prefers.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|In philosophy seminars, the choice is usually between good and evil. In the real world, however, the choice is often between a bad guy and a worse guy.
Julie Buntin, Marlena|Marlena's body was found on November 19, and so I consider that the anniversary of her death, though she almost certainly died on the eighteenth. Because for me, that day, she was still fully, hugely, annoyingly alive--deliberately ignoring my phone calls, up to something she'd no doubt tell me all about soon.Twelve days after November 19, I turned sixteen. Every year, it happens the same way: Marlena dies, I get older.
Wendy Owens, The Guardians Crown Parts One and Two|He shakes his head and his mouth is quirked at one corner. I can't tell if he thinks I am sort of amusing or truly pathetic. It's especially hard to tell because we are both looking resolutely at the teacher so she can't accuse us of not paying attention. We talk out of the sides of our mouths, like gangsters in those old movies my dad likes to watch.
Aaron B. Powell, Doomsday Diaries IV: Luke and the Lion|He had become completely mad in his movements; He seemed to be doing everything at the same time. It was a shaking of the head, up and down, sideways; jerky, vigorous hands; quick walking, sitting, crossing the legs, uncrossing, getting up, rubbing the hands, rubbing his fly, hitching his pants, looking up and saying 'Am,' and sudden slitting of the eyes to see everywhere; and all the time he was grabbing me by the ribs and talking, talking
Andrew Rosenthal|Without computers, in the 17th century, we could classify the entire animal kingdom... there was this idea of the speciation, right? And now, all a search engine is is essentially the mathematical speciation of ideas - and these things really derive from the way that language is used and the way words relate.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|To Mr. Jones, she said, imagine you're looking up at a blue sky, and imagine a tiny airplane skywriting the letter Z. Then let the wind erase the letter. Then imagine the plane writing the letter Y. Let the wind erase it. Then the letter X. Erase it. Then the letter W. Let the wind erase it.
Paul Bamikole|When you continue in anger, you throw away the keys to the door of your heart; others can't come in and you can't get out.
Rony Abovitz|When I was in Japan on tour in 2010, I felt like I was 30 years into the future. I love technology and they are so advanced with their phones, computers, everything. I think they had the iPhone way before we did in the U.S. I love gadgets, games, social media and I try to stay ahead on all that stuff, but they get it all first.
Tom Bryson|Let us be cautious in making assertions and critical in examining them, but tolerant in permitting linguistic forms.[Carnap’s famous plea for tolerance to which W.V. Quine took exception.]
Rhonda Hopkins|I think it's important that we give back to society and our fellow man regardless of our professions. We all need help at times. And when we support each other, we're all a little stronger.
Fritjof Capra|From the systems point of view, it is evident that one of the main obstacles to organizational change is the — largely unconscious — embrace by business leaders of the mechanistic approach to management.
Brigitta Moon|For you to be successful, sacrifices must be made. It's better that they are made by others but failing that, you'll have to make them yourself.Rita Mae Brown
Andy Warhol, The Philosophy of Andy Warhol|Sometimes people let the same problem make them miserable for years when they could just say, "So what.""My mother didn't love me." So what."My husband won't ball me. So what."I'm a success but I'm still alone." So what.I don't know how I made it through all the years before I learned how to do that trick. It took a long time for me to learn it, but once you do, you never forget.
Elizabeth Peters, The Hippopotamus Pool|I think about how Grandpa Z says the sky is blue because it's dusty and octopuses can unscrew the tops off jars and starfish have eyes at the tips of their arms. I think: No matter what happens, no matter how wretched and gloomy everything can get, at least Mrs. Sabo got to feel this.
Girl Meets World|As a child I never thought about what I wanted to be, but I thought a lot about what I wanted to do.
Joe Biden|I'm grateful for the opportunities God gave me to minister to people in high places; people in power have spiritual and personal needs like everyone else, and often they have no one to talk to.
Stefan Molyneux|Your law always does more harm than crime, and your morality is a form of violence.
Delphine de Vigan, No and Me|Growing up is when you understand you get what you give, not what you're given.
Donald Hall|My parents were willing to let me follow my nose, do what I wanted to do, and they supported my interest by buying the books that I wanted for birthdays and Christmas, almost always poetry books.
Donna Grant, Dark Alpha's Embrace|If you want me, take me," she dared him.
Charles F. Glassman|Nature does not know of the challenges that face us. No matter what money difficulties we have, the sun will continue to shine. If it is health challenges we face, the grass will continue to grow. If a relationship is causing us grief, the ocean breeze will continue to blow. Taking a breath away from our challenges, and recognizing the nature around us, can help open the door to our Divine nature and allow the healing to begin.
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|Your beloved and your friends were once strangers. Somehow at a particular time, they came from the distance toward your life. Their arrival seemed so accidental and contingent. Now your life is unimaginable without them. Similarly, your identity and vision are composed of a certain constellation of ideas and feelings that surfaced from the depths of the distance within you. To lose these now would be to lose yourself.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Wintergirls|We tilt our heads back and open wide. The snow drifts into our zombie mouths crawling with grease and curses and tobacco flakes and cavities and boyfriend/girlfriend juice, the stain of lies. For one moment we are not failed tests and broken condoms and cheating on essays; we are crayons and lunch boxes and swinging so high our sneakers punch holes in the clouds. For one breath everything feels better.Then it melts.The bus drivers rev their engines and the ice cloud shatters. Everyone shuffles forward. They don't know what just happened. They can't remember.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|Living as Wild Child, I could no longer be Debby Parker comfortably — this name that I’d been given at birth that defined me before I’d had the chance to define myself.
Susan Andersen, Be My Baby|And if her heart was breaking with every step she took, at least he would never know.
Jim Morrison, The Lords and the New Creatures|Door of passage to the other side, the soul frees itself in stride.
Robert G. Ingersoll|Sometimes in storm weather the shore had fluttered with disabled swallows. They crouched lower for his approach, without strength to escape. In his hands they pulsed with that same pulse. He had taken a bird and warmed it between his hands or inside his jacket, brought the life back until it was able to fly. Sometimes, released from his hands, they circled once around him before flying away; in gratitude, or so the child had believed--and the belief had survived all the man's science.
Matthew Arnold|Weary of myself, and sick of asking What I am, and what I ought to be, At this vessel's prow I stand, which bears me Forwards, forwards, o'er the starlit sea.
Roger Staubach|We must move away from our dependency on fossil fuels, and I am glad that GM has invested over $1 billion in hydrogen fuel cells cars to meet this goal.
John Knowles, A Separate Peace|Never say you are five feet nine whenyou are five feet eight and a half" was the first one I encountered.Another was, "Always say some prayers at night because it might turnout that there is a God.
Sunday Adelaja|God wants to show the advantage of His kingdom to the world, but He will not do this without us
Nutan Bajracharya|Open the door and close the heaven, because we stay here on earth.Jan Jansne
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|The problem with evil people is that they can see only evil in others. It is one of the worst curses of being evil, that you can no longer experience good.
Otto Weininger, Sex and Character: An Investigation of Fundamental Principles|The decision must be made between Judaism and Christianity, between business and culture, between male and female, between the race and the individual, between unworhtiness and worth, between the earthly and the higher life, between negation and God-like. Mankind has the choice to make. There are only two poles, and there is no middle way.
Brian Kernighan|Even though most people won't be directly involved with programming, everyone is affected by computers, so an educated person should have a good understanding of how computer hardware, software, and networks operate.
Boris Cyrulnik, Les vilains petits canards|La mise en place du processus de résilience externe doit être continue autour de l'enfant blessé. Son accueil après l'agression constitue la première maille nécessaire et pas forcément verbale, pour renouer le lien après la déchirure. La deuxième maille, plus tardive, exige que les familles et les institutions offrent à l'enfant des lieux pour y produire ses représentations du traumatisme. La troisième maille, sociale et culturelle, se met en place quand la société propose à ces enfants la possibilité de se socialiser. Il ne reste plus qu'à tricoter sa résilience pendant tout le reste de sa vie.
Heinrich von Kleist, Selected Prose|We see that in the organic world, to the same degree that reflection gets darker and weaker, grace grows ever more radiant and dominant. But just as two lines intersect on one side of a point, and after passing through infinity, suddenly come together again on the other side; or the image in a concave mirror suddenly reappears before us after drawing away into the infinite distance, so too, does grace return once perception, as it were, has traversed the infinite--such that it simultaneously appears the purest in human bodily structures that are either devoid of consciousness or which possess an infinite consciousness, such as in the jointed manikin or the god.
A.E. Via|God could no longer see the faces of the men, only red and orange hazes. He heard taunting voices in his mind spurring him on, calling him a “pussy,” and old, hairy hands reaching out to grab him. His gripped tightened on the punk’s neck and he cocked his right arm back ready to do some serious damage.“Let him go.”God shook his head at the familiar deep voice.“I said, let him go now!”He felt two strong hands land on his shoulders and heat seeped its way into him from behind.“Put him down, God. Right now before you kill him. Listen to my voice.” Day was up on his tiptoes speaking into his ear. His breath was hot on his neck and it gave him a tingling in his spine. “Cashel, stop,” Day whispered.God put his right arm down and released the man from his grip. He didn’t wait to see the man’s body drop. He spun around and looked into his friend’s eyes, and was relieved when he didn’t see judgment, sorrow, or pity…all he saw was relief and then concern. Day grabbed him and held on to him tightly. His embrace was strong and confident…exactly what God needed to feel right then.“Come on, we gotta get out of here.” Day gripped the back of his arm and moved them quickly out of the alley and into a waiting taxi.“Wait…my truck.”“It’s taken care of.” Day kept him from getting out of the vehicle.“What do you mean?”“I mean you owe me two hundred dollars because that’s what I just paid the bartender to follow us back to my place in your truck.”God spun around and saw his huge truck’s headlights behind them.“You have a stranger driving my truck…my fucking guns are in there, Leo.”“You should’ve thought about that earlier, Cash,” Day growled right back.“If you’re going to lecture me, Leo…fucking save it.” God slid down farther and let his aching head rest on the back of the seat as the cab accelerated onto the highway.“You know me better than that, Cash. I’m not going to lecture you. I’m going to kick your ass,” Day said matter-of-factly and turned to look out the window. Neither one said anything else the rest of the ride.
T.L. Rese|Going around in life using German, which Margaret had learned only a few years before, was like walking around in high heels--although it drove up the aesthetic rush of going out on the town, it was dreadfully uncomfortable after a while, and there were certain places you couldn't go
Julie-Anne|You can still make today the day you change yourself, love yourself, forgive yourself, respect yourself, honor yourself, cherish yourself, admire yourself, express yourself, be true to yourself... It’s never too late!
Sam Weller|It is common knowledge now that we depend on insects for our continued existence; that, without key pollinators, the human population would collapse in less than a decade.
Timothy Leary, Chaos & Cyber Culture|And a new philosophy emerged called quantum physics, which suggest that the individual’s function is to inform and be informed. You really exist only when you’re in a field sharing and exchanging information. You create the realities you inhabit.
Ted Chiang, Stories of Your Life and Others|When you watch Olympic athletes in competition, does your self-esteem plummet? Of course not. On the contrary, you feel wonder and admiration; you're inspired that such exceptional individuals exist. So why can't we feels the same way about beauty?
Albert Pike|That which causes us trials shall yield us triumph: and that which make our hearts ache shall fill us with gladness. The only true happiness is to learn, to advance, and to improve: which could not happen unless we had commenced with error, ignorance, and imperfection. We must pass through the darkness, to reach the light.
Frank Herbert|In the weeks after 9/11, out of the pain and the fear there arose also grace and gratitude, eruptions of intense kindness that occurred everywhere, a sharp resolve to just be better, bigger, to shed the nonsense, rise to the occasion.
Rixa White|Keep your body grounded on earth, but keep your consciousness high above the clouds
Anne Osborn|Libraries are not facing crisis, they are in crisis.
Tracy Brogan, My Kind of You|Maybe you should get a very large life insurance policy on the next husband,” Lily suggested slurping her coffee loudly. “You know, before he makes an ash of himself.”“Very funny, but don’t think I haven’t thought of it. It’s an unpredictable way to score more rental properties, but I do seem to be good at burying men.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, The Return of the Prodigal Son: A Story of Homecoming|All that shameless groveling. no wonder 'merapa wanted him to go. This was his punishment, a conclusion clearer than anything he'd witnessed since leaving Mira III. Would his father do that? of course he would. That's what parents were for.
Kresley Cole, Demon from the Dark|I've been waiting for this a long time."-Martin "Let me guess that you're wishing for your IQ to break double figures?"- Alex V.
M.J. Rose, The Witch of Painted Sorrows|Spend lavishly on creams. Wash your hair with henna at the first sign of gray. Never spend one minute thinking about what you do not have. And most importantly, indulge in everything but love.
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|MISUNDERSTANDING" arises only when you see the things with Closed Eyes
Woodrow Wilson|The God of the Hebrews is a God that human language, we're not even supposed to speak the holy name. We were told in the Second Commandment we could make no images of this God, and I don't think that means just building idols, I think that means also trying to believe you've captured God in your words, in the Creeds, in the Scriptures.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|Against the rules. She's on it, like a hound on a fox.'Her name is Annie.
Mark Twain|It was pitiful for a person born in a wholesome free atmosphere to listen to their humble and hearty outpourings of loyalty toward their king and Church and nobility; as if they had any more occasion to love and honor king and Church and noble than a slave has to love and honor the lash, or a dog has to love and honor the stranger that kicks him! Why, dear me, ANY kind of royalty, howsoever modified, ANY kind of aristocracy, howsoever pruned, is rightly an insult; but if you are born and brought up under that sort of arrangement you probably never find it out for yourself, and don't believe it when somebody else tells you. It is enough to make a body ashamed of his race to think of the sort of froth that has always occupied its thrones without shadow of right or reason, and the seventh-rate people that have always figured as its aristocracies -- a company of monarchs and nobles who, as a rule, would have achieved only poverty and obscurity if left, like their betters, to their own exertions... The truth was, the nation as a body was in the world for one object, and one only: to grovel before king and Church and noble; to slave for them, sweat blood for them, starve that they might be fed, work that they might play, drink misery to the dregs that they might be happy, go naked that they might wear silks and jewels, pay taxes that they might be spared from paying them, be familiar all their lives with the degrading language and postures of adulation that they might walk in pride and think themselves the gods of this world. And for all this, the thanks they got were cuffs and contempt; and so poor-spirited were they that they took even this sort of attention as an honor.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I am a strong woman, I can endure it all.
Pat Riley|If you would know strength and patience, welcome the company of trees.
Charles Bukowski|in the most decent sometimes sun there is the softsmoke feeling from urns and the canned sound of old battleplanes and if you go inside and run your finger along the window ledge you'll find dirt, maybe even earth. and if you look out the window there will be the day, and as you get older you'll keep looking keep looking sucking your tongue in a little ah ah no no maybe some do it naturally some obscenely everywhere.
Felicia Day, You're Never Weird on the Internet|And all that time I was lying to my support group. I told the ladies, "Sure! I'm writing!" when I wasn't. Yes, I could have filled all those newfound minutes with actual work, but I had no confidence in myself. I was a fraud. Who was I to pick up a pen and expect anything good to come out of it? I expected perfection as soon as the pencil hit the paper, and since that's impossible, I couldn't get myself to start. Then I felt guilty about not starting, which made me want to start even less. And with no game to bury the feelings, I got very depressed. No wonder I didn't book any acting jobs in the last half of 2006. No one wanted to hire a clinically depressed person to sell snack foods.
Dan Quinn|In truth, the world is now a seamless web from which no nation, large or small, young or old, can disassociate itself. Every attitude and every action of every nation can affect the welfare and security of every other nation around the globe.
Ruadhán J. McElroy|The Internet, my fickle friend, my two-faced enemy, what would life be like without you? Where else can I be anonymously anyone and yet, have no anonymity at all?
Simone de Beauvoir, The Ethics of Ambiguity|Over the course of the millennia, all these multitudes of ancestors, generation upon generation, have come down to this moment in time—to give birth to you. There has never been, nor will ever be, another like you. You have been given a tremendous responsibility. You carry the hopes and dreams of all those who have gone before. Hopes and dreams for a better world. What will you do with your time on this Earth? How will you contribute to the ongoing story of humankind?
Natalie Cole|I've learned to think in terms of having a long career. Actors can have very long careers that last until the day we die, but there will be moments when you'll feel like you're a failure or when you're disappointed in yourself.
Cheryl Lyn Phillips, GG's Journey: From Lost to Loved|Ignoring the question is not the solution of problem,Same as forgetting the sorrow isn't happiness
Katie MacAlister, A Midsummer Night's Romp|I have a bra on," I said helpfully."I noticed. Might I remove that, too?""Gunner," I said sternly, or as sternly as a person could while she stood in a man's castle, her hands full of his ass. "You've got your hands on my boobs, and your tongue down my cleavage. At this point if I'm not yelling for the police, you can probably take it for granted that you have my consent to remove my bra.""I like to make sure," he said, pulling his head out of my breasts for a moment. "Some women have limits.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|I Love Spirituality it reminds me of the Old Quaker Oats Commercial. "Nothing is better for thee than me"!
Khloe Kardashian|Really, at the end of the day, the only thing you can control is yourself; the only person you can truly educate is yourself. You have to redefine what beauty is to you so you can't be affected by what people are saying.
Betty Friedan|You can have it all, just not all at the same time.
Cormac McCarthy|It makes no difference what men think of war, said the judge. ... War endures. As well ask men what they think of stone. War was always here. Before man was, war waited for him. The ultimate trade awaiting its ultimate practitioner. That is the way it was and will be. That way and not some other way...War is the ultimate game because war is at last a forcing of the unity of existence. War is god...Men of god and men of war have strange affinities.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|If you get a second chance, grab it with the first and second hands. Never let it go till all is done and done well. Second chances come with the last graces!
Charles Sheehan-Miles, A Song for Julia|I hope I remember everything," said Toni."You won't," said Trapp. "That's how you learn. But after you make the same mistake one, or two, or five times, you'll eventually get it. And then you'll make new mistakes.
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|I became known as Lily Casey, the mustang-breaking, poker-playing, horse-race-winning schoolmarm of Coconino County, and it wasn't half bad to be in place where no one had a problem with a woman having a moniker like that.
Konstantin Tsiolkovsky|When many astronauts go to space, they see the insignificant size of the earth and vastness of space, and they become very religious, because they have seen the Signs of Allah.
Don Baylor|Nobody minded what you did in bed or what you said about God, a very civilized attitude in 1948.
Eric Hoffer|If the Communists win Europe and a large part of the world, it will not be because they know how to stir up discontent or how to infect people with hatred, but because they know how to preach hope.
Ingvar Kamprad|My mother never gave up one me. I messed up in school so much they were sending me home, but my mother sent me right back.
Michael Steger|The bass player's function, along with the drums, is to be the engine that drives the car... everything else is merely colours.
Mark Doty, Heaven's Coast: A Memoir|This is why being broken is so beautiful: being broken means you have cracks for love and light to shine through, gaps for the Godiverse to burrow and bloom, space to move from who you are to who you will become.
Susane Colasanti, Take Me There|Somewhere underneath it all, I know he doesn't deserve to take up space in my brain.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|It was her brother,' said Mr. Thornton to himself. 'I am glad.I may never see her again; but it is comfort-a relief-to know that much. I knew she could not be unmaidenly; and yet I yearned for conviction. Now I am glad!' It was a little golden thread running through the dark web of his present fortunes; which were growing ever gloomier and more gloomy.
J. N. HALM, CUSTOMER ROMANCE: A New Feel of Customer Service|One plus one makes two but two monologues do not make a dialogue. Of all the traits, characteristics, attributes and habits of today’s customers, the one that has serious consequences for businesses is this—today’s customer does not want to be just spoken to. She wants to be engaged in a dialogue. Today’s consumer expects to be part of the conversation about the product and/or service on offer. Today’s customer does not want to be fed with advertisements. Collaboration is what excites today’s customer.
Neel Burton|A writer is someone who, needing nothing and no one, wants everything and everyone.
Ruta Sepetys, Salt to the Sea|Everyone has a price,” she said.“But clearly not everyone has a soul,
Robert E. Howard, The Complete Chronicles of Conan|Know, oh prince, that between the years when the oceans drank Atlantis and the gleaming cities, and the years of the rise of the Sons of Aryas, there was an Age undreamed of, when shining kingdoms lay spread across the world like blue mantles beneath the stars.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|In the search for truth,what you believe matters lessthan how you believe.
Robert Peate|The state is a voluntary association of individuals designed to serve their individual interests. The state is not a faceless villain. The state is all of us. But freedom does not mean the freedom to commit violence. Violence includes direct and indirect action; i.e., it is just as violent to cause someone to starve to death by withholding aid as it is to shoot him, only sneakier.
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|There is a certain seductiveness about dead things. You can ill treat, alter and recolour what's dead. It won’t complain. 
Sophia Dembling, Introverts in Love: The Quiet Way to Happily Ever After|I am not afraid of anything in the world. But I'm afraid of myself, afraid of what I will be in the future.
Aristotle, The Rhetoric & The Poetics of Aristotle|The government is not your salvation. The government is not your road to prosperity. Hard work, education will take you far beyond what any government program can ever promise.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|If you join government, calmly make your contribution and move on. Don't go along to get along; do your best and when you have to - and you will - leave, and be something else.
Sally Brampton, Shoot the Damn Dog: A Memoir of Depression|I want to live my life to its fullest potential. I want to embrace my own purpose, however large or small it may be. I want to find my own Nehru moments and take positive steps toward becoming the person I am meant to be. The journey will undoubtedly be a winding one, filled with surprises and setbacks as well as gifts. But I'm ready to embrace it fully, wherever it may take me.
Samuel Johnson, The Idler; Poems|He that reads and grows no wiser seldom suspects his own deficiency, but complains of hard words and obscure sentences, and asks why books are written which cannot be understood.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|And she felt as though she had been there, on that bench, for an eternity. For an infinity of passion can be contained in one minute, like a crowd in a small space.
James Madison|There's an ease that I have living in Australia. The best things about Sydney are free: the sunshine's free, and the harbour's free, and the beach is free.
Paulo Coelho, The Zahir|But why all these questions?Because I'm in love and I'm afraid of suffering.Don't be afraid, the only way to avoid that suffering would be to refuse to love.
James Castleton, MD, Mending of a Broken Heart|It's nice to be able to control my smell environment, and I can hear myself think better when it's quiet. It wasn't easy to become a person who's OK being alone on a Saturday night, but I did the work, I got there...
Philip Sington|I have found that in fiction one is freer to speak the truth, if only because in fiction the truth is not expected or required. You may easily disguise it, so that it is only recognized much later, when the story and the characters have faded into darkness.
D.S. Wrights, The Beast In Me|Focus.Such a little word for such a hard thing and yet it can make things so simple, unless you break it. Like glass.Fragile on certain points with enough pressure ore carelessness, but if handled correctly, it’s useful, clear, sharp, and perfect.That’s what I will try to think about, whenever the Beast in me is not in agreement with what I am doing, or how I am behaving, when it threatens to break free, through that very same glass that separates us.I need to be exactly like this window: smooth, cool, strong, and impenetrable.Focus.
Maya Angelou, Phenomenal Woman: Four Poems Celebrating Women|It’s the fire in my eyes, And the flash of my teeth, The swing in my waist, And the joy in my feet. I’m a woman Phenomenally.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|THE ONE WHO STAYEDYou should have heard the old men cry,You should have heard the biddiesWhen that sad stranger raised his fluteAnd piped away the kiddies.Katy, Tommy, Meg and BobFollowed, skipped gaily,Red-haired Ruth, my brother Rob,And little crippled Bailey,John and Nils and Cousin Claire,Dancin', spinnin', turnin','Cross the hills to God knows where-They never came returnin'.'Cross the hills to God knows whereThe piper pranced, a leadin'Each child in Hamlin Town but me,And I stayed home unheedin'.My papa says that I was blestFor if that music found me,I'd be witch-cast like all the rest.This town grows old around me.I cannot say I did not hearThat sound so haunting hollow-I heard, I heard, I heard it clear...I was afraid to follow.
Marian Keyes, The Other Side of the Story|I’m very interested in the emotional honesty of things, which at times looks kind of ugly and at times looks scary and not polished, and so there were many times when I would audition for something and I would come from, for me, a very honest place, but it’s completely not what they’re looking for for that type of material. But I was always very steadfast in what I was interested in, and I felt like, I’m gonna tell the truth as best as I know it. And you eventually start to understand that the projects find you that meet up with that. It takes as long as it takes, and for me it took like 20 years, but I’m really glad. You know, the jobs always ultimately end up going to the person who’s supposed to tell that story, and those weren’t my stories to tell.
Philippa Gregory, The Red Queen|Mother, before God," I say, my voice shaking with tears, "I swear that I have to believe that there is more for me in life than being wife to one man after another, and hoping not to die in childbirth!
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The accumulation of beliefs, knowledge and experiences contribute to our level of success and progress in life, however they also introduce the reality that we are all prejudiced. If not well managed, our personal prejudices can become the mental prison we lock ourselves inside or we use to shut others out. You need to deal with this likely impediment to a success-driven lifestyle.
Suzanne Somers|Seafood was always my favorite food. I mean, fried lobster? Come on. Once I found out shrimp, scallops and lobster were my allergic triggers, I had to change my diet.
Dean Koontz, Relentless|All too often we think of community in terms of being with folks like ourselves: the same class, same race, same ethnicity, same social standing and the like..I think we need to be wary: we need to work against the danger of evoking something that we don’t challenge ourselves to actually practice.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.
Mango Wodzak, The Eden Fruitarian Guidebook|Haven't you ever thought of livingunconsciously like bears, sniffing the earth,close to pears and the mossy dark,far from human voices and
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|I was a victim of a series of accidents, as are we all.
Yang Lan|A widely held, but rarely articulated, belief in our society is that the ideal self is bold, alpha, gregarious. Introversion is viewed somewhere between disappointment and pathology.
Andrew James Pritchard, One In an Eleven Million|That is my rule of life. If fate means you to lose, give him a good fight anyhow. Do you remember Henley's magnificent lines? 'Under the bludgeonings of chanceMy head is bloody, but unbowed.' ? That is my gospel. What do you think of it?
David Jeremiah, Until Christ Returns: Living Faithfully Today While We Wait for Our Glorious Tomorrow|If you have put your faith in Christ and have spent significant time in the Word of God, the tough times can be like a magnet that draws you to the Lord Jesus.
Emily  Williams, Letters to Eloise|Time they say is a great healer, but in this case, I am not sure that is true.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|⁯It is not something you can tell by looking at a person, but trust is always being increased or decreased as you interact with a person.
litymunshi|dear mewhich one ? Ship or Boat ? on a boat -it's keel me and you . little to collect so we meet each other now & then . little to loss ,at time of depart other than most valuable both of us .Ship ? it's complicated .conversation with my life-----------------------------------litymunshi
L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams|Our library isn't very extensive," said Anne, "but every book in it is a friend. We've picked our books up through the years, here and there, never buying one until we had first read it and knew that it belonged to the race of Joseph.
Jeanine Basinger, I Do and I Don't: A History of Marriage in the Movies|Movies with interfering in-laws and kids are often presented as comic, the ridicule bringing welcome relief to beleaguered married folks suffering offscreen at the hands of relatives.
Hugh Grant|The reason I turn down 99% of a hundred, I mean a thousand, scripts is because romantic comedies are often very romantic but seldom very funny.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|So remember, this is definitely a screwed-if-you-do, screwed-if-you-don't situation. You just remember to say, "Screw them.
T.J. Mihaila|Writers don't just create pages in a novel, but depth to worlds that become a safe haven for those who wish to escape the reality of their own.
Murali Murthy, The ACE Principle: 15 Success Principles To Absorb Comprehend Excel In Every Area Of Life|The quest for self improvement and personal growth is now an integral part of my life. I’m always looking for ways to increase my capacity to grow, develop and achieve more.And that means, I’m willing to read, observe, listen, discuss, research and do whatever it takes to become a better improved me. I hope you are too.
Hemal Jhaveri|alone doesn't mean lonely. It just means alone. It just means that for now, you're on your own, and that's not a terrible thing.
Jim Beaver, Life's That Way|I will bear this grief, I will endure it. I will reach a point where it doesn't kick me down an abyss whenever I turn my back on it.
Helen Mirren|I think every woman in our culture is a feminist. They may refuse to articulate it, but if you were to take any woman back forty years and say, 'Is this a world you want to live in?' they would say, 'No.
Frederick Soddy|Here’s the solution. We need a CO2 tax, revenue-neutral, to replace taxation on employment, which was invented by Bismarck — and some things have changed since the 19th Century.
Anonymous|We care (about prison education), very simply, because (prisoners) get out. Almost everyone who is locked up now is going to be set free one day. If we treat prisoners like animals the whole time they are locked up, that's what we'll get when they're back on the streets: wild, dangerous animals.
Mark Crilley, Miki Falls, Volume 3: Autumn|There is no such thing as a perfect drawing, especially if you're ametur.
Mohammed Sekouty|Words do not solve problems, actions do.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.
Tanya Masse|God never said that the journey will be easy, but he did said that the arrival will be worthwhile
Donna Grant, Dark Alpha’s Demand|Hello, lover,” whispered a sexy feminine voice in his ear as hands wound around him from behind.Talin smiled, unable to help himself. He looked over his shoulder at Neve. She raised a black brow, her silver eyes searching his.Desire struck him quickly, making him instantly hard. Neve managed to bring such a reaction from him every time he heard her voice, felt her touch, or looked at her.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Good Citizens: Creating Enlightened Society|As long as we're in a state of confusion, overwhelmed by the three conflicting emotions, trapped in cyclic existence, we're not happy and we can't benefit sentient beings. Even though we think we might be benefitting them, ultimately we're not. The only way to really be of benefit, to ourselves and others, is to establish the status of buddha. There's nothing better than this. But until we purify our unwholesome karma, especially that of the body, there's no buddha—the buddha will not exist for us.
John  Dalton|If I have succeeded better than many who surround me, it has been chiefly - may I say almost solely - from universal assiduity.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|Sitting now...with my eyes wide open...I am simply amazed about human nature and its volatility...I am a killer. I am so aggressive. No, I am a lover. Love is the key. Acctually...I am a poet. And a pragmatic business woman. I was sad. And angry. But I am enthusiastic. I wanted to be a man. But I love being a woman.
Osunsakin Adewale|The chief problem with television is that, for those who watch it consistently, it undermines and eventually destroys the ability to think. This is because it communicates primarily images, not by words, and words are necessary if we are to perceive logical connections and make judgments as to what is right and wrong.
Benjamin Netanyahu|We all, to some degree, wish we could have some element of our childhood back again while, for kids, moving on is something they're worried about. They know it's going to happen at some point.
Robert Graves, The White Goddess: A Historical Grammar of Poetic Myth, Amended and Enlarged Edition|Fact is not truth, but a poet who willfully defies fact cannot achieve truth.
Dean Koontz, Innocence|There is no good or evil. We classify things into good and evil because we are currently unable to solve the two problems of the world: death and dearth. If there ever comes a time when we can solve these problems, we won't be required to do this anymore.
Gustave Flaubert|We must laugh and cry, enjoy and suffer, in a word, vibrate to our full capacity … I think that’s what being really human means.
Steven Chopade|Submission empowers to resistJames4,1-11 says: "1 From whence come wars and fightings among you? come they not hence, even of your lusts that war in your members? 2 Ye lust, and have not: ye kill, and desire to have, and cannot obtain: ye fight and war, yet ye have not, because ye ask not. 3 Ye ask, and receive not, because ye ask amiss, that ye may consume it upon your lusts. 4 Ye adulterers and adulteresses, know ye not that the friendship of the world is enmity with God? whosoever therefore will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God. 5 Do ye think that the scripture saith in vain, The spirit that dwelleth in us lusteth to envy? 6 But he giveth more grace. Wherefore he saith, God resisteth the proud, but giveth grace unto the humble. 7 Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you. 8 Draw nigh to God, and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners; and purify your hearts, ye double minded. 9 Be afflicted, and mourn, and weep: let your laughter be turned to mourning, and your joy to heaviness. 10 Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord, and he shall lift you up. 11 Speak not evil one of another, brethren. He that speaketh evil of his brother, and judgeth his brother, speaketh evil of the law, and judgeth the law: but if thou judge the law, thou art not a doer of the law, but a judge." The truth is that we cannot receive anything from God if we don't submit ourselves to The Word. The Lord Jesus was able to defeat the devil because, He was living a submitted life, a true life full of testimony. Today, most people want to receive or to hear from God without even submit their lives to the complete word in order not to lean on your own decisions, your own understanding. God listens to those that are submitting their lives to His word! Shalom.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Greed squeezes your dreams into a portable size, so that failure can easily carry them to dump somewhere.
Oskar Morgenstern|In my experience, economists rarely believe passionately in, or care passionately for, the free market. They are generally more concerned to reveal the market's imperfections, to further their own professional importance.
Truddi Chase, When Rabbit Howls|No man can protect you like your father, No women can love you like your mother.
Hugh LaFollette, Personal Relationships: Love, Identity, and Morality|I am more touched, still, that you are trying to understand - through rational thought - that which cannot be understood at all. The divine, as Boehme said, is unground, unfathomable, something outside the world as we experience it. But this is a difference of our minds, dearest one. I wish to arrive on wings, while you advance steadily on foot, magnifying glass in hand. I am a smattering wanderer, seeking God within the outer contours, searching for a new way of knowing. You stand upon the ground, and consider the evidence inch by inch. Your way is more rational and more methodical, but I cannot change my way.
Dada Bhagwan|Everyone knows how to subtract the gross form of ‘my’ (tangible ‘my’). But how can he know how to subtract the subtle, subtler and the subtlest forms of ‘my’? That is the work of the ‘Gnani Purush’ [the enlightened one].
Margaret Mead|We were young, and we had no need for prophecies. Just living was itself an act of prophecy.
Vineet Raj Kapoor|​It's Hard, Not to Fail, but, there is Always a Chance of Success. Of course, there is No Chance of Success, if You didn't Try.
Charlotte Brontë|Take the matter as you find it ask no questions, utter no remonstrances; it is your best wisdom. You expected bread and you have got a stone: break your teeth on it, and don't shriek because the nerves are martyrised; do not doubt that your mental stomach - if you have such a thing - is strong as an ostrich's; the stone will digest. You held out your hand for an egg, and fate put into it a scorpion. Show no consternation; close your fingers firmly upon the gift; let it sting through your palm. Never mind; in time, after your hand and arm have swelled and quivered long with torture, the squeezed scorpion will die, and you will have learned the great lesson how to endure without a sob.
Angela N. Blount, Once Upon a Road Trip|He has made me wary of chronological snobbery. That is, he showed me that newness is no virtue and oldness is no vice. Truth and beauty and goodness are not determined by when they exist. Nothing is inferior for being old, and nothing is valuable for being modern. This has freed me from the tyranny of novelty and opened for me the wisdom of the ages.
Leon Trotsky|[Letter to his wife, Natalia Sedova]In addition to the happiness of being a fighter for the cause of socialism, fate gave me the happiness of being her husband. During the almost forty years of our life together she remained an inexhaustible source of love, magnanimity, and tenderness. She underwent great sufferings, especially in the last period of our lives. But I find some comfort in the fact that she also knew days of happiness.For forty-three years of my conscious life I have remained a revolutionist; for forty-two of them I have fought under the banner of Marxism. If I had to begin all over again I would of course try to avoid this or that mistake, but the main course of my life would remain unchanged. I shall die a proletarian revolutionist, a Marxist, a dialectical materialist, and, consequently, an irreconcilable atheist. My faith in the communist future of mankind is not less ardent, indeed it is firmer today, than it was in the days of my youth.Natasha has just come up to the window from the courtyard and opened it wider so that the air may enter more freely into my room. I can see the bright green strip of grass beneath the wall, and the clear blue sky above the wall, and sunlight everywhere. Life is beautiful. Let the future generations cleanse it of all evil, oppression and violence, and enjoy it to the full.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We are grateful for a happy marriage and a glorious future. Four years of a happy marriage! Happy Anniversary my dearest husband, Jeremiah Nii Mama Akita! I love you with all my heart, soul and body.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Methodological naturalism is a “ground rule” of science today which requires scientists to seek explanations in the world around us based upon what we can observe, test, replicate, and verify
James Gunn|Apart from 'VIP' being a blockbuster movie, the various characters such as mine, the Luna bike I use in the movie, the lovable amma and appa, a pet dog named Harry Potter, the innocent brother, etc., had a huge reach among the audiences.
Thierry Henry|My dad and uncles were among the 125,000 proud black American volunteers who, throughout their entire lives, considered their decision to serve during WWII as their greatest honor.
Tonya Kappes, A Ghostly Demise|Quick," I hissed. "Tell me what you know about this place."The ghost frowned. His face appeared sweaty and his hair was a mess, like he'd been running his fingers through it. "How about, 'hey, Frankie. How you doing, Frankie? I see you're missing both your legs, Frankie.
Adam Gopnik, Paris to the Moon|Over the years, my church gave me passage into a menagerie of exotic words unknown in the South: "introit," "offertory," "liturgy," "movable feast," "the minor elevation," "the lavabo," "the apparition of Lourdes," and hundreds more. Latin deposited the dark minerals of its rhythms on the shelves of my spoken language. You may find the harmonics of the Common of the Mass in every book I've ever written. Because I was raised Roman Catholic, I never feared taking any unchaperoned walks through the fields of language. Words lifted me up and filled me with pleasure.
Veronica Roth, Four: A Divergent Story Collection|The reason people fear to confide in anyone is that even an internal friend can make personal details external, and it will remain eternal.
Vignesh S.V., Adventures of Dollar Right|Money is just a piece of paper for me, it always brings trouble with it and too much of money will make you mad for it
Jeremy Corbyn|Thanks to having my dad travel with me, I don't feel quite cut off from my family.
Charbel Tadros|A drop of rain knows not where it lands after it is born from the cloud. It will then either remain in place till it evaporates, or it will try to make its way to the sea. Humans are the same. When they are born, they know not where they will land. However, they can either remain in place and die while accomplishing nothing, or they can find their true destiny.
Adrienne Rich, Compulsory Heterosexuality and Lesbian Existence|I have chosen to use the terms lesbian existence and lesbian continuum because the word lesbianism has a clinical and limiting ring Lesbian existence suggests both the fact of the historical presence of lesbians and our continuing creation of the meaning of that existence I mean the term lesbian continuum to include a range—through each woman’s life and throughout history—of woman-identified experience; not simply the fact that a woman has had or consciously desired genital sexual experience with another woman. If we expand it to embrace many more forms of primary intensity between and among women, including the sharing of a rich inner life, the bonding against male tyranny, the giving and receiving of practical and political support; if we can also hear in it such associations as marriage resistance and the ‘haggard’ behavior identified by Mary Daly (obsolete meanings ‘intractable,’ ‘willful,’ ‘wanton,’ and ‘unchaste’ a woman reluctant to yield to wooing’)—we begin to grasp breadths of female history and psychology that have lain out of reach as a consequence of limited, mostly clinical, definitions of ‘lesbianism.’Lesbian existence comprises both the breaking of a taboo and the rejection of a compulsory way of life It is also a direct or indirect attack on male right of access to women But it is more than these, although we may first begin to perceive it as a form of nay-saying to patriarchy, an act or resistance It has of course included role playing, self-hatred, breakdown, alcoholism, suicide, and intrawoman violence; we romanticize at our peril what it means to love and act against the grain, and under heavy penalties; and lesbian existence has been lived (unlike, say, Jewish or Catholic existence) without access to any knowledge of a tradition, a continuity, a social underpinning The destruction of records and memorabilia and letters documenting the realities of lesbian existence must be taken very seriously as a means of keeping heterosexuality compulsory for women, since what has been kept from our knowledge is joy, sensuality, courage, and community, as well as guilt, self-betrayal, and pain.
S.E.      Smith|Opera?" Trelon asked tiredly, "What the hell is opera?" "I'll tell you what it is! It is the screeching of the death birds, that 's what it is!Capturing Cara (Dragon Lords of Valdier, #2)
Don DeLillo|There is something mankind can never destroy in spite of an unreasoning will to destruction, and this is its own idealism, that integral part of its very being.
Connor Franta, A Work in Progress|It is also good to love: because love is difficult. For one human being to love another human being: that is perhaps the most difficult task that has been entrusted to us, the ultimate task, the final test and proof, the work for which all other work is merely preparation. That is why young people, who are beginners in everything, are not yet capable of love: it is something they must learn.
Taiye Selasi|When I met Letterman, he told me he thought 'Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)' was the greatest Christmas song he ever heard, and he wanted me to be on his show to sing it.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|In an unfathomable expanse of universe supporting galaxies of star systems with orbiting planets innumerable, I am nothing.  And yet to the few bodies encircling my tiny little spot in the world, I am essential.
Gus O'Donnell|We have a government that, generally speaking, does not respond to the people.
Edgar Rice Burroughs, Tarzan and the Forbidden City|What was civilization ever, really, but the attempt by man to talk himself into being good?
Jalaluddin Rumi|My heart is so smallit's almost invisible.How can You place such big sorrows in it?"Look," He answered,"your eyes are even smaller,yet they behold the world.
Ayya Khema|If the whole universe can be found in our own body and mind, this is where we need to make our inquires. We all have the answers within ourselves, we just have not got in touch with them yet. The potential of finding the truth within requires faith in ourselves.
Lenny Bruce|A hundred times have I thought New York is a catastrophe, and fifty times : It is a beautiful catastrophe.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You were created in the image of God. The image of God. And it is only through God that you can find the true meaning of life. And it is only through God that you can truly find fulfillment.And it is only through God’s Son, the Lord Jesus Christ, that you can be saved.
|The land of victory is desperately waiting on your arrival, and your destiny demands that you never let your fears and doubts turn you into a failure.
H.E. Davey|Shin-shin-toitsu-do includes a wide variety of stretching exercises, breathing methods, forms of seated meditation and moving meditation, massage-like healing arts, techniques of auto-suggestion, and mind and body coordination drills, as well as principles for the unification ofmind and body.These principles of mind and body coordination are regarded as universal laws that express the workings of nature on human life. As such, they can be applied directly to an endless number of everyday activities and tasks. It is not uncommon when studying Japanese yoga to encounter classes and seminars that deal with the direct application of these universal principles to office work, sales, management, sports, art, music, public speaking, and a host of other topics.How to use these precepts of mind and body integration to realize our full potential in any action is the goal. All drills, exercises, and practices of Shin-shin-toitsu-do are based on the same principles, thus linking intelligently a diversity of arts. But more than this, they serve as vehicles for grasping and cultivating the principles of mind and body coordination. And it is these principles that can be put to use directly, unobtrusively, and immediately in our daily lives.
Leo Tolstoy, What Is Religion? and Other New Articles and Letters|It never before happened that the rich ruling and more educated minority, which has the most influence on the masses, not only disbelieved the existing religion but was convinced that no religion is no longer needed.
ياسمين يوسف|I'm a Marketer, I don't believe in Brands , but I believe in Quality and quality has different definitions
Monique Truong, The Book of Salt|I was certain t find the familiar sting of salt, but what I needed to know was what kind: kitchen, sweat, tears or the sea.
Oliver Hassencamp|Immer wieder behauptete Unwahrheiten werden nicht zu Wahrheiten, sondern, was schlimmer ist, zu Gewohnheiten.
Marisha Pessl, Special Topics in Calamity Physics|Stories are webs, interconnected strand to strand, and you follow each story to the center, because the center is the end. Each person is a strand of the story.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|The damn vermin are so numerous that I am afraid to sneeze, for fear the damned lice would regard it as gong for dinner, and eat me up - Robert Cobb Kennedy
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Bread for the Journey: A Daybook of Wisdom and Faith|Spirituality is, ultimately, about what we do with that desire. What we do with our longings, both in terms of handling the pain and the hope they bring us, that is our spirituality.
Quincy Jones|Being in a band is like a small family. You travel together, make music, and share time with each other.
Thomas S. Monson, Pathways To Perfection: Discourses Of Thomas S. Monson|To live greatly, we must develop the capacity to face trouble with courage, disappointment with cheerfulness, and triumph with humility.
Mitch Albom|No life is a waste," the Blue Man said. "The only time we waste is the time we spend thinking we're alone.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you need more power, you must pray more.
George Carlin|It's impossible to hit a target that you can't see. You must visualize your goal, set a plan and work your plan. Don't make excuses. .. Just make time.
Catherine Scott, Divine Ordinariness|I wanted to find my voice, so I sat in silence.I wanted joy, so I cried my heart open.I wanted wisdom, so I capered in bodacious foolishness.I wanted freedom, so I felt my bonds.
Bono|I'm involved in quite a few ministries as a bridge builder, trying to match generous givers and donors to other ministries. Based on my past, I'm also involved in mainly the prison ministry. I go to jails and prisons and share my story, trying to give them some hope.
Stacey Marie Brown, Fire in the Darkness|Few people know this, but I am a trained assassin, skilled in jujitsu and krav maga. I can also, with a few folds, turn an ordinary piece of notebook paper into a lethal weapon. Or I can turn it into a butterfly, which is a great trick when I'm babysitting."I fought a smile. "A trained assassin who babysits.""Only the Greene twins and only because their family gets every premium channel on the planet.
Rob Lowe|There can be no great courage where there is no confidence or assurance, and half the battle is in the conviction that we can do what we undertake.
Terry Castle, The Professor and Other Writings|He would be a consul no doubt by and by, at some foreign port, of the language of which he was ignorant; though if ignorance of language were a qualification he might have been a consul at home.
Bo Bennett|Those who improve with age embrace the power of personal growth and personal achievement and begin to replace youth with wisdom, innocence with understanding, and lack of purpose with self-actualization.
Luffina Lourduraj|Occasionally a car swooshed by in the rain and its headlights would swing round momentarily and illuminate the room-the pool table, snowshoes on the wall and the rowing machine, the armchair in which Henry sat, motionless, a glass in his hand and the cigarette burning low between his fingers. For a moment his face, pale and watchful as a ghost's, would be caught in the headlights and then, very gradually, it would slide back into the dark.
Rita Rudner|I've always been intellectually restless, but it is the building part of it that most interests me. It is the constructing of the team that is my favorite part. Anyone who is familiar with the history of the A's franchise, even dating back to Philadelphia, knows that every five or 10 years, you have to tear it apart and rebuild it.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|Everybody pretends to feel and tries to describe with the taste and elegance of him who first defined what picturesque beauty was. I detest jargon of every kind, and sometimes I have kept my feelings to myself, because I could find no language to describe them in but what was worn and hackneyed out of all sense and meaning.
Hans Christian Andersen|Life is like a beautiful melody, only the lyrics are messed up.
Anne Sexton|Death, I need my little addiction to you. I need that tiny voice who, even as I rise from the sea, all woman, all there, says kill me, kill me.
Tana French, Broken Harbour|But this is what I know about people getting ready to walk of the edge of their own lives: they want someone to know how they got there. Maybe they want to know that when they dissolve into earth and water, that last fragment will be saved, held in some corner of someone's mind; or maybe all they want is a chance to dump it pulsing and bloody into someone else's hands, so it won't weigh them down on the journey. They want to leave their stories behind. No one in all the world knows that better than I do.
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|If we want to live perfectly happy lives...we must drive out selfish character tendencies such as pride, ego, vanity, jealousy, lusts, envy and worry. When we learn to live selflessly, putting others before ourselves, committing to what is noble, right and good; treating others with love and compassion...that's when true happiness is experienced. A genuine focus on selflessness cures all and creates an environment for true growth. It's the secret to every great relationship. We gain...when we give up self. Sacrificing one's selfish characteristics through diligent thought, meditation, prayer and action gives life to true love and abounding joy.~Jason Versey
Aprilynne Pike, Illusions|Whether or not there was room in her life for Tamani, Laurel knew that there was precious little room in Tamani's life for anything but Laurel. He lived to protect her, and he'd never failed her. Annoyed her, frustrated her, hurt her, maddened her - but never once failed her.
Theodore Roosevelt|The oppressors do not favor promoting the community as a whole, but rather selected leaders.
Sania Mirza|My attitude is always one of sensuality, aggressive enthusiasm and a kind of outrageousness in my expression.
Martin McGuinness|The Good Friday Agreement was an incredible breakthrough. But it's my view that the Hillsborough Agreement could see politics in the north come of age, and see us all move forwards on the basis of equality and partnership.
Samuel Johnson|The golden opportunity you are seeking is in yourself. It is not in your environment; it is not in luck or chance, or the help of others; it is in yourself alone.
Minha Baeg|If there's no input, there's no output!
Margaret Atwood, The Tent|This brings me back to the image of Kafka standing before a fish in the Berlin aquarium, a fish on which his gaze fell in a newly found peace after he decided not to eat animals. Kafka recognized that fish as a member of his invisible family- not as his equal, of course, but as another being that was his concern.
René Descartes|I suppose therefore that all things I see are illusions; I believe that nothing has ever existed of everything my lying memory tells me. I think I have no senses. I believe that body, shape, extension, motion, location are functions. What is there then that can be taken as true? Perhaps only this one thing, that nothing at all is certain.
Heather Wolf|We write for the same reason that we walk , talk, climb mountains or swim the oceans - because we can. We have some impulse within us that makes us want to explain ourselves to other human beings. That's why we paint, that's why we dare to love someone - because we have the impulse to explain who we are.
J.D. Robb, Promises in Death|There it was, Eve supposed. There was the answer to why people got tangled up with people. Because when you were down, when you were wallowing, someone you mattered to would ask if you were okay.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|If we encounter a man of rare intellect, we should ask him what books he reads.
Bobby Ghosh|Introduced to this world in Llandyssul, Cardiganshire, Wales, November 14, 1843, I celebrated my first anniversary by landing at Castle Garden, in New York City.
Kevin DeYoung, Crazy Busy: A (Mercifully) Short Book about a (Really) Big Problem|What troubled me most is that although I was an unwilling observer, I felt guilty myself as if something in what I witnessed touched a shameful and repressed desire.
Jay Woodman|When you are aware that you are thinking, that awareness is not part of thinking. It is a different dimension of consciousness. It is that awareness that says "I AM
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|A breach in trust brings mistrust, followed by a multitude of troubles.
Matthew Perry|The barometer for judging the character of people, in regard human rights, is now those who consider themselves gay, homosexual, lesbian. The judgment as to whether you can trust the future, the social advancement - depending on people - will be judged on where they come out on that question.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as this belief, ‘I am the doer’ is not gone, one has not yet attained an iota of exact religion. He is still in the auspicious-inauspicious [shubh-ashubh] state.
Jessica Valenti, Sex Object|The problem with the 'masculinity crisis' is not that women have excelled too much and therefore created a crisis for men, but that we have such a stein inability to let go of what it has traditionally meant to be a man...As long as we perpetuate the myth that men have inherent qualities that make them more suitable than women for certain types of work, the shifting nature of the economy (and women's attainment of better jobs) is going to continue to be interpreted as a crisis of masculinity.
William Shakespeare|To me, fair friend, you never can be old,For as you were when first your eye I ey'd, Such seems your beauty still.
Deborah Eisenberg|A little more and I would have fallen into the mirror trap. I avoided it, but only to fall into the window trap: with nothing to do, my arms dangling, I go over to the window.
Steven C.  Smith, Off the Rails: Excerpts from My Life|The next thing Jordana says makes me realize that it's too late to save her. "I've noticed that when you light a match, the flame is the same shape as a falling tear." She's been sensitized, turned gooey in the middle. I saw it happening and I didn't do anything to stop it. From now on, she'll be writing diaries and sometimes including little poems and she'll buy gifts for her favourite teachers and she'll admire the scenery and she'll watch the news and she'll buy soup for homeless people and she'll never burn my leg hair again.
David Foster Wallace|John dear!" said I in the gentlest voice, "the key is down by the front steps, under a plantain leaf!"That silenced him for a few moments.Then he said—very quietly indeed, "Open the door, my darling!""I can't," said I. "The key is down by the front door under a plantain leaf!"And then I said it again, several times, very gently and slowly, and said it so often that he had to go and see, and he got it of course, and came in.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|Maybe the critics are right. Maybe there's no escaping our great political divide, an endless clash of armies, and any attempts to alter the rules of engagement are futile. Or maybe the trivialization of politics has reached a point of no return, so that most people see it as just one more diversion, a sport, with politicians our paunch-bellied gladiators and those who bother to pay attention just fans on the sidelines: We paint our faces red or blue and cheer our side and boo their side, and if it takes a late hit or cheap shot to beat the other team, so be it, for winning is all that matters.But I don't think so. They are out there, I think to myself, those ordinary citizens who have grown up in the midst of all the political and cultural battles, but who have found a way-in their own lives, at least- to make peace with their neighbors, and themselves....I imagine they are waiting for a politics with the maturity to balance idealism and realism, to distinguish between what can and cannot be compromised, to admit the possibility that the other side might sometimes have a point. They don't always understand the arguments between right and left, conservative and liberal, but they recognize the difference between dogma and common sense, responsibility and irresponsibility, between those things that last and those that are fleeting. They are out there, waiting for Republicans and Democrats to catch up with them.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|We must do our work for its own sake, not for fortune or attention or applause.
Stephen King, Pet Sematary|The MistakeWith the mistake your life goes in reverse.Now you can see exactly what you didWrong yesterday and wrong the day beforeAnd each mistake leads back to something worseAnd every nuance of your hypocrisyTowards yourself, and every excuseStands solidly on the perspective linesAnd there is perfect visibility.What an enlightenment. The colonnadeRolls past on either side. You needn't move.The statues of your errors brush your sleeve.You watch the tale turn back — and you're dismayed.And this dismay at this, this big mistakeIs made worse by the sight of all those whoKnew all along where these mistakes would lead — Those frozen friends who watched the crisis 
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A person can escape an ingrained pattern of mental incapacity or ‘non compos mentis’ (“no power of the mind”) by reading, writing, thinking, and studying their environment for telling external determinates that will shape a journey of the mind, body, and soul.
Jussi Adler-Olsen, The Keeper of Lost Causes|She was a bitch,' Carl suddenly heard somebody say in the background, and that apparently refreshed everyone's memory.yes, thought Carl with satisfaction. It's the good stable arseholes like us who are remembered best.
R.A. Salvatore, Streams of Silver|Regweld is really a fine wizard," he continued, patting the shoulder again. "And his ideas for crossbreeding a horse and a frog are not without merit; never mind the explosion! Alchemy shops can be replaced!
Yoon Ha Lee, Conservation of Shadows|So I take my lover, my king, and I put him in a pedestal and I cut him down. A man, like the ones who ruined the world.
George F. Will, The Woven Figure: Conservatism and America's Fabric|In this age of 'whatever,' Americans are becoming slaves to the new tyranny of nonchalance. " James Morris
Kevin Ashton, How to Fly a Horse: The Secret History of Creation, Invention, and Discovery|Make an enemy of certainty and befriend doubt. When you can change your mind, you can change anything.
Neal Shusterman, Scythe|I am, like you, travelling along a road of absolute uncertainty and chaos. The only truth is that one day, we will all reach the end.
C. JoyBell C.|How does one become butterfly?' Pooh asked pensively.'You must want to fly so much that you are willing to give up being a caterpillar,' Piglet replied.'You mean to die?' asked Pooh.'Yes and now,' he answered. 'What looks like you will die, but what's really you will live on.
Alice Roosevelt Longworth|'Endless Love' is such a perfect love song for a wedding or for a Valentine, because that is the committed kind of endless love. All the lyrics are perfect.
Cassandra Clare, The Evil We Love|As long as Simon didn’t think about the past, the past couldn’t hurt him. But, increasingly, he couldn’t help himself.There was too much pleasure in the pain.
Tim Clisch|We were sexual targets, marked as eternal sluts for exploring the desires only acceptable in men.
Nicholas Sparks, At First Sight|...marriage is about becoming a team. You're going to spend the rest of your life learning about each other, and every now and then, things blow up. But the beauty of marriage is that if you picked the right person and you both love each other, you'll always figure out a way to get through it
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|This is still the age of grace. God’s offer of forgiveness and a new life still stands. However, the door will one day be closed. Someday it will be too late. This is why the Bible continually warns and challenges: “Now is the accepted time” [2 Corinthians 6:2 NKJV].
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|The term 'person' has been coined to signify that a man cannot be wholly contained within the concept 'individual member of the species', but that there is something more to him, a particular richness and perfection in the manner of his being, which can only be brought out by the use of the word 'person'.
Deyth Banger|If there isn't now, there isn't past, if there isn't past there isn't future... What if everything has happen in one day but in different periods???Can I say this??
Algernon Blackwood, The Complete John Silence Stories|He loved the extensive vaults where you could hear the night birds and the sea breeze; he loved the craggy ruins bound together by ivy, those dark halls, and any appearance of death and destruction. Having fallen so far from so high a position, he loved anything that had also fallen from a great height
Radhika Mundra|The one who doesn't, at the time of bliss as well as crisis, abandon his own, is the one worthy to be addressed as a human.
Frank O'Hara, Lunch Poems|Oh, you cherry petals, On this calm and balmy day, Why are you so restless, So keen to fly away? / ひさかたの 光のどけき 春の日に しづ心なく 花の散るらむ
Alfred Tennyson, Maud, and other poems|Half the night I waste in sighs,Half in dreams I sorrow afterThe delight of early skies;In a wakeful dose I sorrowFor the hand, the lips, the eyes,For the meeting of the morrow,The delight of happy laughter,The delight of low replies.
G.K. Chesterton|Ten thousand women marched through the streets shouting, 'We will not be dictated to,' and went off and became stenographers.
H.L. Mencken|On one issue, at least, men and women agree: they both distrust women.
Elle Kennedy, The Deal|I happen to be a fantastic kisser. Sadly, you will never get to find out.”“Never say never,” he answers in a singsong voice.“Thanks for that, Justin Bieber. But yeah, not going to happen, dude.
Algernon Blackwood, Tales Of The Uncanny And Supernatural|Mrs. Bittarcy rustled ominously, holding her peace meanwhile. She feared long words she did not understand. Beelzebub lay hid among too many syllables.("The Man Whom The Trees Loved")
Debasish Mridha|It is not money that is important, it is life that is important and precious.
Susan Orlean|In my lap I had my dear little pug, the smell of whose ears will always be sweeter to me than all the perfumes of Araby and the scent of heliotrope combined.
Vironika Tugaleva|Compassion does not have to be a face-to-face relationship. Forgiveness does not imply friendship. Understanding why someone has inflicted pain on us is how we set ourselves free of the past, not how we excuse someone's behaviour so they can continue to abuse us.
James Caan|Whoever said  "It's not whether you win or lose that counts " probably lost.
Fredrik Backman, My Grandmother Asked Me to Tell You She's Sorry|Don't people get married because they're full of love and then divorced when they run out of it?" (Elsa)"Did you learn that one in school?" (Mom)"It's my own theory." (Elsa)
Katie Reus, Retribution|Twenty years ago, two of the CIA's best double-agents had been murdered in their own home on Christmas Eve. The husband had been killed first, and the wife had been raped repeatedly before she'd been beaten to death. The two children were never found.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Sleep is a little death, dreams the whisperings of the other who would drag us all into the eternal light
Teresa Lo, The Sugar Baby Club|I want you to understand that the difference between being a sugar baby versus being a prostitute is the connection. Although sometimes “sugar dating” is just a code for escorting, those people are just not doing it right. To really sugar date correctly, you have to feel something for the man who takes care of you, and he has to feel something for you.
Abhijit Naskar, Rowdy Buddha: The First Sapiens|Unlike most other world religions, Buddhism has never been too rigid in its structure.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|I want to see life through a spiritual perspective, so I can make choices that influence eternity.
Ian McLagan|My mother was a not-too-devoted atheist. She went to Episcopal church on Christmas Eve every year, and that was mostly it.
Mark  Lawrence, Red Sister|What is it that you contain? The dead, time, light patterns of millenia opening in your gut. What is salted up in the memory of you? Memory past and memory future.
Marco Rubio|Freedom is our most precious commodity and if we are not eternally vigilant, government will take it all away. Individual freedom demands individual responsibility.
Harri Holkeri|We pay a price when we deprive children of the exposure to the values, principles, and education they need to make them good citizens.
Tom McCarthy|It’s very fluid, this space between philosophy and literature, and that’s something that resonates for me.
Adrian Grenier|Multicolored stones and paintings, walkways, and theaters are useless in a city unless it also contains wisdom and law. Such things are the subject of wisdom and law, not equivalent to them.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|I am certain one ought to be allowed to undo what one has done so ignorantly ! I daresay it happens to lots of women; only they submit, and I kick.... When people of a later age look back upon the barbarous customs and superstitions of the times that we have the unhappiness to live in, what will they say!
Jeff Zentner, The Serpent King|We are a fallen species, spitting on the gift of salvation. Humanity is irredeemable.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The origin behind myths and religion is human terror of annihilation. Human societies invented mythology and religion in order to militate against people’s fear of living a mortal life. People fear time as a destroyer of human happiness, human beings, and human societies.
Bjarke Ingels|The loftier the building, the deeper must the foundation be laid.
John Halstead, Godless Paganism: Voices of Non-Theistic Pagans|But if you write a version of Ragnarok in the twenty-first century, it is haunted by the imagining of a different end of things. We are a species of animal which is bringing about the end of the world we were born into. Not out of evil or malice, or not mainly, but because of a lopsided mixture of extraordinary cleverness, extraordinary greed, extraordinary proliferation of our own kind, and a biologically built-in short-sightedness.
Siobhán Parkinson|After God, who is the central core pillar to any Christian marriage, there are four important marital relationship foundations. These are:* Self-Esteem - if you don't love yourself you will find it almost impossible to accept love from others.* Friendship - a strong friendship will sustain your marriage even when feelings of love are harder to find.* Laughter - it will improve your quality of life, your health and your relationships* Romance - feeling close to your partner can be the glue which holds your relationship together through the rough patches, but the absence of romance causes a void that problems will easily fill.
Abraham Lincoln|There are half a billion people that listen to music online and the vast majority are doing so illegally. But if we bring those people over to the legal side and Spotify, what is going to happen is we are going to double the music industry and that will lead to more artists creating great new music.
Hannah Simone|In 1998, it was possible to make a big-screen romantic comedy about email. Yep, email - the same medium we often think of now as boring and even annoying.
John Steinbeck|There are as many worlds as there are kinds of days, and as an opal changes its colors and its fire to match the nature of a day, so do I.
Kazimir Malevich|I realized that the "thing" and the "concept" were substituted for feeling and understood the falsity of the world of will and idea
Marc Jacobs|Strange - is it not? That of the myriads who Before us passed the door of Darkness through, Not one returns to tell us of the road Which to discover we must travel too.
M. Basilea Schlink|How quick we are to reject what others tell us! How fast we are to cast the blame on others, saying they always criticize us and find fault with us, they are not satisfied with anything we do, they do not understand us.But if we cannot accept anything others tell us, we are proud. The humble want to hear what others tell them. They have the courage to hear the truth about themselves and to admit that they need to change. Whether it is a small matter or a big matter, they say, "Yes, it is true. I need to turn over a new leaf.
Eileen Granfors, The Pinata-Maker's Daughter|You are meant to be, despite how you got here; you’ll see someday.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|Mohammed took his tribal customs and traditions and injected them into his new religion. Many of the ideas and traditions he implemented were already contained in the tribes he conquered, so in many cases, no major changes were required of his new followers. For example, most, if not all, of the tribes were polygamous. Women were seen primarily as chattel and under the complete control of their fathers or husbands. The communities of the new Islamic religion in the 600s CE often converted en masse. With minor modifications, they kept practicing their traditions. Mecca was already a major pagan religious shrine; Mohammed conveniently changed it into a place of worship and pilgrimage for Allah.Practically speaking, Mohammed unified a fracture region under a single religion and did it with a superior military. Conquest, war, and male predominance were the hallmarks of Islam. Despite political splits over the centuries, the tribal nature of Islam remains intact.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|The amazing miracle of death, when one second you're walking and talking, and the next second you're an object.
Rick Riordan|If Annabeth's mother was Athena, the goddess of wisdom, then why didn't Annabeth know better than to fall off a cliff?
Sabine Baring-Gould|Somehow, since I became a family, every minute in which I am alone and not listening to two kids screaming in stereo feels like a vacation.
Forrest Curran|Have no fear in the devil and acknowledge the insecurities, mistakes of the past, and disappointments that you have long failed to accept as new beginnings and see the child within you begin to heal.
William McKinley|The American Revolution was carried out in the name of the people, and it was supposedly 'We, the people,' who created the government that Americans still live under.
John Ikerd, Small Farms Are Real Farms|If there was hope, it must lie in the proles, because only there, in those swarming disregarded masses, eighty-five percent of the population of Oceania, could the force to destroy the Party ever be generated. The Party could not be overthrown from within. Its enemies, if it had any enemies, had no way of coming together or even of identifying one another. Even if the legendary Brotherhood existed, as just possibly it might, it was inconceivable that its members could ever assemble in larger numbers than twos and threes. Rebellion meant a look in the eyes, an inflection of the voice; at the most, an occasional whispered word. But the proles, if only they could somehow become conscious of their own strength, would have no need to conspire. They need only to rise up and shake themselves like a horse shaking off flies. If they chose they could blow the Party to pieces tomorrow morning. Surely sooner or later it must occur to them to do it.
Raj Solith|Sometimes life isn't what you expect it to be, and you feel like giving up. But isn't life supposed to be full of challenges that will make us learn from our mistakes. And mistakes make us better people.
Rick Riordan, The Hidden Oracle|This brings to mind an expression I coined ages ago: A peach a day keeps the plague spirits away!'Percy sneezed. 'I though it was apples and doctors.'The karpos hissed.'Or peaches,' Percy said. 'Peaches work too.''Peaches,' agrees the karpos.Percy wiped his nose. 'Not criticizing, but why is her grooting?
Jennifer Frick-Ruppert, Spirit Quest|Next to the day when I was almost shot by that arrow, the worst day of my life was when I was almost eaten.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|Real evil wasn't about bending the law to suit justice: evil was acting out of small, intensely personal expedience and losing sight of the bigger picture so often that you never got it back again.
Grace Willows, Paws For Love|Elizabeth waited until he had left and then promptly burst into laughter. She couldn’t help it, she had been soaked, threatened by a skunk, attacked by a dog and now given a moral lesson by a man that had threatened her with a Winchester earlier. She couldn’t remember ever having a better day.
C. JoyBell C.|I am asked what strength is. Strength is the ability to not do to others only the things that were done to you. It is said, that you should “do unto others as you would have them do unto you”, but strength takes that even further and says, “I can give more than what I received in life, I can be more than those who gave me little, I can do more for others than what was done for me.” Strength, though well aware of the pain that is aroused by drawing from a well that is not naturally replenished by others, continues to replenish that well so that it may draw from those beautiful innate waters, so that it may give to others even those things that were not given unto it.
Walter Isaacson, American Sketches: Great Leaders, Creative Thinkers, and Heroes of a Hurricane|Henry Luce to his Time magazine writers: "Tell the history of our time through the people who make it.
Marc Reisner|My sperm came out into the water, unaccustomed to the light, and instantly it became a misty, stringy kind of thing and swirled out like a falling star, and I saw a dead fish come forward and float into my sperm, bending it in the middle.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|There were a lot of gods. Gods always come in handy, they justify almost anything.
Novala Takemoto, Missin' (Novel)|I don't subscribe to any religion so it didn't matter to me if I prayed in a shrine, temple, or church. Butbe cause I was asking for so much I assumed Buddha and the Christian God wouldn't even listen
Julius Caesar|Let's practice motivation and love, not discrimination and hate.
Albert Camus, L'Étranger|The trigger gave; I felt the smooth underside of the butt; and there, in that noise, sharp and deafening at the same time, is where it all started. I shook off the sweat and the sun. I knew that I had shattered the harmony of the day, the exceptional silence of a beach where I'd been happy. Then I fired four more times at the motionless body where the bullets lodged without leaving a trace. And it was like knocking four quick times on the door of unhappiness.
Scarlett Dawn, King Cave|Remember how it feels, Silent One. That murderous rage, and how it makes your blood boil. Remember, and let it carry you the rest of the way—only, learn to freeze it, as well, because the best killers are those who can put their desires on ice.
Toni Morrison, Sula|I'm me," she whispered. "Me"Nel didn't know quite what she meant, but on the other hand she knew exactly what she meant."I'm me. I'm not their daughter. I'm not Nel. I'm me. Me."Every time she said the word me there was a gathering in her like power, like joy, like fear. Back in bed with her discovery, she stared out the window at the dark leaves of the horse chestnut."Me," she murmured. And then, sinking deeper into the quilts, "I want... I want to be... wonderful. Oh, Jesus, make me wonderful.
Donna Lynn Hope|Connecting with someone is not necessarily a bond with a significant other, or even a friend, but can be the indefinable - perhaps the rarest and most precious thing in life to find at all.
Shannon L. Alder|I am convinced that the jealous, the angry, the bitter and the egotistical are the first to race to the top of mountains. A confident person enjoys the journey, the people they meet along the way and sees life not as a competition. They reach the summit last because they know God isn’t at the top waiting for them. He is down below helping his followers to understand that the view is glorious where ever you stand.
Deeanne Gist, A Bride Most Begrudging|Ho! Wise men say, 'He who hath not a good and ready memory should never meddle in telling lies.'"Drew smiled. "I have a good and ready memory.
Soman Chainani, The Last Ever After|You aren’t jealous that Agatha gets a boy and a crown and a kingdom and everything else?” Hort pressed in disbelief. “You aren’t jealous that Agatha’s a queen?” He saw her stop at the gates, faced away as students streamed past. “A tiny bit, of course,” she said softly. “But then I remember . .  .” Sophie looked back, smiling bright as a diamond. “I’m me.
Delano Johnson, Rare Images of Love|The dictionary feeds me daily, thesaurus always adds the gravy, big words I bite, so very tasty.
Robert Conquest|The psychosphere, the logosphere, is permeated by concepts, ideas, verbalizations, a whole apparatus devised, or rather evolved, to form some sort of mental contact with reality--or to block it off. That is, a large circle of the "thinking," "educated" class take ideas as more veridical than facts.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|You're afraid of imagination. And even more afraid of dreams. Afraid of the responsibility that begins in dreams. But you have to sleep, and dreams are a part of sleep. When you're awake you can suppress imagination. But you can't suppress dreams.
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|There are some secrets darker than witchcraft." - Aunt Dora
Pearl  Zhu, Unpuzzling Innovation: Mastering Innovation Management in a Structural Way|Creativity is the ability to create novel value, and innovation is how to transform ideas and achieve their business value.
Max Scheler|The grass is yellow on both sides, envy turning on of them green.
Dianne Duvall, Blade of Darkness|All the better to bite you, my dear!
Ryan Lilly|Look yourself in the eyes in a mirror each day. You can ignore the small voice still inside you, but your reflection will always have something to say.
Glazl Bugaoan|Never be afraid of darkness, it is only temporary. Have hope, have the courage, be cautious, walk and continue your journey. Life is not always a fairy tale but like a rolling stone we need to go up and down until it stop.
Celeste Ng, Everything I Never Told You|Hannah, as if she understood her place in the cosmos, grew from quiet infant to watchful child: a child fond of nooks and corners, who curled up in closets, behind sofas, under dangling tablecloths, staying out of sight as well as out of mind, to ensure the terrain of the family did not change.
Louise Gornall, Under Rose-Tainted Skies|Hating our bodies is something that we learn, and it sure as hell is something that we can unlearn.
Jon Steele, The Watchers|Look, Jordan, you’re not alone any more. It’s my job to protect you while I’m here and I can’t do that if you keep pushing me away.”“That’s the problem, Michael,” I shot back. “You have more responsibilities to your boss than you do to me. You taught me how to defend myself, how to heal myself, and that should be good enough. You can’t keep babysitting one little human when you have an entire cosmos to worry about.” He faced me again, those green eyes boring into mine as if he could see straight through me. “Are you saying you want me to leave?”My chest tightened. I hadn’t expected him to say that. I bit my bottom lip, glancing away. “That’s not what I mean.”“Then what do you mean?” “Since when have I ever known what the hell I mean?” He touched my right cheek, making me face him. “You do when it counts.”Staring up at him, shirtless, vulnerable, and wounded, I felt like I couldn’t breathe. He had a knack for picking my walls apart brick by brick. It bothered me. He took a step closer, casting a shadow over me. “Stop,” I mumbled, fixing my eyes on the floor. He brushed a lock of hair behind my ear, sliding his warm hand to lift my chin so I’d have to look at him. “Stop what?” he murmured. “Looking at me.”“Why?”“That’s how Terrell used to look at me before we kissed.”His lips parted to say something but I pushed past him, gathering up my duster from where it lay on the bed next to the dress. “Get dressed. We have more ghosts to help.
Jenny Han, Always and Forever, Lara Jean|I pat her on the head. "Oh, naive little Kitten. Dear, foolish girl. This cookie is worth all this and more. Sit or you will not partake.
Tony DiTerlizzi, The Search for WondLa|Whether or not it is clear to you,no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should.
Søren Kierkegaard|I have just now come from a party where I was its life and soul; witticisms streamed from my lips, everyone laughed and admired me, but I went away — yes, the dash should be as long as the radius of the earth's orbit ——————————— and wanted to shoot myself.
Ikechukwu Izuakor|When the heart is down and the soul is heavy, the eyes can only speak the language of tears
Thomas H. Cook, Master of the Delta|He looked at me intently, from what seemed behind the veil of a grave experience. Then slowly and prophetically, he said the scariest thing I'd ever heard: "Because the answer to a heartfelt question, Jack, will always break your heart.
Barack Obama|This is a day of little faith - of few convictions - a day when men seem to have no great causes and no great passions. So in frustration, in disappointment, they are inclined to say, 'You can't change human nature.' It is true that we cannot change human nature. But God can.
H.P. Lovecraft|I neither knew nor cared whether my experience was insanity, dreaming, or magic; but was determined to gaze on brilliance and gaiety at any cost.
Yiddish Proverb|Certain is it that there is no kind of affection so purely angelic as of a father to a daughter. In love to our wives there is desire; to our sons, ambition, but to our daughters there is something which there are no words to express.
Bill McCollum|I do a lot of work on computers, but I am so practiced in drawing that I can draw it full size, and you can take the measurements off my drawings. It's like drafting, but it's a work of art - a really beautiful drawing.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Krishnamurtis Notebook|But there's a sacredness which is not of thought, nor of a feeling resuscitated by thought. It is not recognizable by thought nor can it be utilized by thought. Thought cannot formulate it. But there's a sacredness, untouched by any symbol or word. It is not communicable. It is a fact.
Silas House, Eli the Good|I appricated that Nell was talking to me like a grown-up, but I had no idea what she meant. Still, I could see that the words flowed together like water over a riverbed.
Missy Lyons, Alien Promise|At first happiness might seem like just desserts for biological fitness (more accurately, the states that would have led to fitness in the environment in which we evolved). We are happier when we are healthy, well-fed, comfortable, safe, prosperous, knowledgeable, respected, non-celibate, and loved. Compared to their opposites, these objects of striving are conducive to reproduction. The function of happiness would be to mobilize the mind to seek the keys to Darwinian fitness. When we are unhappy, we work for the things that make us happy; when we are happy, we keep the status quo. The problem is, how much fitness is worth striving for?
Carl Alasko, Say This, Not That: A Foolproof Guide to Effective Interpersonal Communication|Everyone is always doing as well as they can within their personal limitations, their personal history, what they know and don't know and what they're feeling in that moment. If they could make a healthier decision, they would. This includes you.
Clare Mulley, The Spy Who Loved: The Secrets and Lives of Christine Granville|In those days, men proved their strength and manliness by being well mannered, helpful, and gentle. Just how gentle they could be under trying circumstances, how civilised they could be in a harsh world, that was the measure of a man.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|So maybe the difference isn't language. Maybe it's this: animals do neither good nor evil. They do as they must do. We may call what they do harmful or useful, but good and evil belong to us, who chose to choose what we do. The dragons are dangerous, yes. They can do harm, yes. But they're not evil. They're beneath our morality, if you will, like any animal. Or beyond it. They have nothing to do with it. We must choose and choose again. The animals need only be and do. We're yoked, and they're free. So to be with an animal is to know a little freedom...
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slapstick, or Lonesome No More!|Yes, and our sister's sons are candid now about a creepy business which used to worry them a lot: They cannot find their mother or their father in their memories anywhere - not anywhere. The goat farmer, whose name is James Carmalt Adams, Jr., said this about it to me, tapping his forehead with his fingertips: "It isn't the museum, it should be." The museums in children's minds, I think, automatically empty themselves in times of utmost horror - to protect the children from eternal grief.
John Cheever|The novel remains for me one of the few forms...where we can describe, step by step, minute by minute, our not altogether unpleasant struggle to put ourselves into a viable and devout relationship to our beloved and mistaken world.
Peter Santos, Everything I Wanted To Know About Spirituality But Didn't Know How To Ask: A Spiritual Seekers Guidebook|When our will is strong and aligned with Divine intent, there is nothing we cannot do or be. With power and guidance flowing through us, Life becomes an effortless dance as we relinquish control and limitation and allow our Spirit Within to express itself.
P.D. James, Talking About Detective Fiction|All Jane Austen novels have a common storyline: an attractive and virtuous young woman surmounts difficulties to achieve marriage to the man of her choice. This is the age-long convention of the romantic novel, but with Jane Austen, what we have is Mills & Boon written by a genius.
Erin Forbes, Fire & Ice: The Elementals|I did not know what the future would bring, but I knew that life is not merely about knowledge. It is about the courage and trust that we place in our stories.
Gerard Manley Hopkins|Fishes live in the sea, as men do a-land; the great ones eat up the little ones.
Ryan Gosling|I tend to like strong female characters. It just interests me dramatically. A strong male character isn't interesting because it has been done and it's so cliched. A weak male character is interesting: somebody else hasn't done it a hundred times. A strong female character is still interesting to me because it hasn't been done all that much, finding the balance of femininity and strength.[From a 1986 Fangoria interview]
Venus Williams|People often remark that I'm pretty lucky. Luck is only important in so far as getting the chance to sell yourself at the right moment. After that, you've got to have talent and know how to use it.
Jonathan Maas, City of Gods: Hellenica|It's okay. Suddenly, the pain is starting to fade.""Yeah, revenge does that.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|We can see Spirit made visible when people are kind to one another, especially when it's a really busy person, like you, taking care of a needy, annoying, neurotic person, like you.
Nancy Farmer, The House of the Scorpion|After all, what is suffering but an awareness of suffering?
Jaron Lanier|I went to high school in Ellicott City, Maryland, and I felt pretty ambivalent about the whole thing. It just took time away from my doing things on the Internet - like creating clans in Quake II or starting a Web design nonprofit. In school, I was just a kid. Online, I had authority.
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|Yes" Said Gandalf; "for it will be better to ride back three together than one alone. Well, here at last, dear friends, on the shores of the Sea comes the end of out fellowship in Middle-earth. Go in peace! I will not say: do not weep; for not all tears are an evil.
Polly Shulman, Enthusiasm|And what could my father possibly want with another child, when he hardly bothered to talk to the one he already had?
Megan Duke, Three Sixty: A Companion to Small Circles|We as humans are the patterns of life. We are the roads we travel. Our lives make up the insignificance of a moment of the importance of a second. The choices we make are everything. I realize that, now that everything has changed and I'm a different person.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|and if anyone was ever going to live eternally in the light, I think it would be you.
Rainer Maria Rilke|This is the creature there has never been.They never knew it, and yet, none the less,they loved the way it moved, its suppleness,its neck, its very gaze, mild and serene.Not there, because they loved it, it behavedas though it were. They always left some space.And in that clear unpeopled space they savedit lightly reared its head, with scarce a traceof not being there. They fed it, not with corn,but only with the possibilityof being. And that was able to confersuch strength, its brow put forth a horn. One horn.within the silver mirror and in her.
Michael Burgess|The Government are very keen on amassing statistics - they collect them, add them, raise them to the nth power, take the cube root and prepare wonderful diagrams.
John Burroughs|The relation of landlord and tenant is not an ideal one, but any relations in a social order will endure if there is infused into them some of that spirit of human sympathy which qualifies life for immortality.
William Shakespeare, Henry V|He was a man, take him for all in all,I shall not look upon his like again.
C.G. Jung|The pendulum of the mind oscillates between sense and nonsense, not between right and wrong.
Os Guinness|I hear music that comes out of need, out of grief, sorrow, suffering and out of overcoming these things, as well. That journey to freedom still goes on today. It's an incremental change, the culmination of many events in your own life and the lives of your children and grandchildren.
John Hughes|So much of movie acting is in the lighting. And in loving your characters. I try to know them, and with that intimacy comes love. And now, I love Voldemort.
George Saunders|In the old days, a liberal and a conservative (a “dove” and a “hawk,” say) got their data from one of three nightly news programs, a local paper, and a handful of national magazines, and were thus starting with the same basic facts (even if those facts were questionable, limited, or erroneous). Now each of us constructs a custom informational universe, wittingly (we choose to go to the sources that uphold our existing beliefs and thus flatter us) or unwittingly (our app algorithms do the driving for us). The data we get this way, pre-imprinted with spin and mythos, are intensely one-dimensional.
Romina Russell, Zodiac|Dominance can be a tempration to division. "There are so many of us, we can afford to fight amongst ourselves.
H.P. Lovecraft, The Thing on the Doorstep|The very winds whispered in soothing accents, and maternal Nature bade me weep no more.
Thomas Szasz|Modern Western democracies no longer engage in such despotic assaults on freedom, Instead, they deprive people of liberty indirectly, by relieving them of responsibility for their own (allegedly self-injurious) actions and calling the intervention "treatment.
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|When someone gives me either a democratic or republican pamphlet, I throw it in their face. I’m a librarian, damn it! We only take book donations.
Kingsley Amis, The Green Man|It's never pleasant to have one's unquestioning beliefs put in their historical context, as I know from experience, I can assure you.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|She was perhaps too young to realize that what she assumed was her love for [him] was actually a tentative, timorous, acceptance of herself.
Stacy Schiff|The Clinton White House today said they would start to give national security and intelligence briefings to George Bush. I don't know how well this is working out. Today after the first one Bush said, 'I've got one question: What color is the red phone?'
Desmond Tutu, God Has a Dream: A Vision of Hope for Our Time|Brag is a good dog, but Holdfast is a better.
Amit Kalantri|To ease the pain, erase the anger.
Brian Krans, A Constant Suicide|The idea that property has overcome our personalities is the single reason we'll miss the best part of our lives. It's people, not possessions that make our lives worth living.
Richard Nelson Bolles|As I understand it, sport is hard work for which you do not get paid.
|If there is any pressure to sell yourself cheap in order to be accepted, you truly don't belong there.
Megan   Smith, Trying Not to Love You|When the rain falls you just let it fall and you grin like a madman and you dance with it, because if you can make yourself happy in the rain then you're doing pretty alright in life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With the strength of grace, we can survive any situation.
David Mitchell|Wisdom of the Ages: "Rainier" A beer and a mountain. You drink enough of one and the next day you feel like you fell off the other.All next week Wisdom of the Ages will be featuring the Seattle Seahawks and Super Bowl Topics. Tomorrow's Topic: "Tom Brady's Balls.
Israelmore Ayivor, Michelangelo | Beethoven | Shakespeare: 15 Things Common to Great Achievers|In simple words, whatever you were born to do, you were equipped to do it. You are a whole equipment for success!
Pele|You have the ability to choose which way you want to go. You have to believe great things are going to happen in your life. Do everything you can - prepare, pray and achieve - to make it happen.
Angel Ramon Medina, The Thousand Years War|The numbness will go away, he thought. It'll take time, but I'll do it, or Faber will do it for me. Someone somewhere will give me back the old face and the old hands the way they were. Even the smile, he thought, the old burnt-in smile, that's gone. I'm lost without it
Plutarch|Although he too was heading to work, Shahid was glad he wasn't dragging himself off to some office job. Shahid's view: anybody who had to wear a suit to work died a little inside, every day.
Susan J. Douglas, Enlightened Sexism: The Seductive Message That Feminism's Work Is Done|Enlightened sexism is a response, deliberate or not, to the perceived threat of a new gender regime. It insists that women have made plenty of progress because of feminism — indeed, full equality has allegedly been achieved — so now it’s okay, even amusing, to resurrect sexist stereotypes of girls and women.
Harrish Sairaman|Others behavior towards us is a reflection of our own behavior, it’s a MIRROR.
Simone Weil|Education -- whether its object be children or adults, individuals or an entire people, or even oneself -- consists in creating motives. To show what is beneficial, what is obligatory, what is good -- that is the task of education. Education concerns itself with the motives for effective action. For no action is ever carried out in the absence of motives capable of supplying the indispensable amount of energy for its execution.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When we come to the light of God, all our sins shall be forgiven by faith in Jesus Christ.
Plutarch, The Lives of the Noble Grecians and Romans, Vol 1|He who least likes courting favour, ought also least to think of resenting neglect; to feel wounded at being refused a distinction can only arise from an overweening appetite to have it.
Gabrielle Anwar|In the world of the present, in our time, we feel that suffering, anguish, the torments of body and soul, are greater than ever before in the history of mankind.
Robert Liparulo, Watcher in the Woods|If you can't turn off your thoughts, who cares how soft your pillow is?"- David King
Justin Cronin, The City of Mirrors|All things fell into the past but one; and what that was, was love.
V.S. Ramachandran|But, of course, what is up on Facebook is her edited life.
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|Often I have found myself gazing up at clouds – yesterday’s seas and tomorrow’s streams – to think of them as floating on an ultraviolet sea, beyond which is the infinity of space that presents so much wonder and so many questions.
E'yen A. Gardner, Extreme Makeover|Forgiveness in God's eyes is unconditional; no matter what you have done, you can receive forgiveness.
Rachel Sklar|The choices you make each day in your diet and lifestyle have a direct influence on how your genetic predisposition is expressed - for better and for worse. You're only as old as your genes, but how your genes are expressed may be modified by exercise, diet and lifestyle choices much more than had previously been believed - and more quickly.
Penny Pritzker|Sometimes there are things worth risking your life for. It was Jesus who said if you want to save your life, you have to lose it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Once I am alive, I still have the chance to live rightly for the rest of my life.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|He and I suddenly saw the whole country like an oyster for us to open; and the pearl was there, the pearl was there.
Jocelyn Green, The Mark of the King|We all have scars, my beautiful one. They make us who we are, and if we let them, they bring us together.
Eric Ries|Probably, had World War II not come along and intervened, I would have tried to be a doctor. My son's a doctor, and I still take some medical journals to this day.
William Pollard|If there is such a thing as good leadership, it is to give a good example. I have to do so for all the Ikea employees.
Robert  Black|Think of a ballet dancer at the barre. Plie, eleve, battement tendu. She is practicing, because she knows that there is no difference between practice and art. The practice is the art.
Aman Jassal, Rainbow - the shades of love|I surround myself with books when I write, thus surrounding myself with writers... only they don't critique me and then get up for coffee.
Isaiah 43:2|I saw the tears of the oppressed—and they have no comforter;power was on the side of their oppressors—and they have no comforter.And I declared that the dead,who had already died,are happier than the living,who are still alive.But better than bothis the one who has never been born,who has not seen the evilthat is done under the sun.
Oliver Sacks, Awakenings|As Sicknes is the greatest misery, so the greatest misery of sicknes, is solitude...Solitude is a torment which is not threatened in hell itselfe.-DONNE
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Emotional intelligence marks one’s ability to perceive, understand, control, and evaluate his or her emotions.
Ernest Holmes, The Science of Mind|It should be considered right to live and enjoy living. To be well, happy, and to express freedom, is to be in accord with Divine Law and Wisdom.
Sonia Sotomayor|We not only have a legal obligation to honor our commitments, we have a moral obligation to provide the coverage we promised to provide to these people.
Richard Branson|I wake up in the morning and my mind starts making sentences, and I have to get rid of them fast - talk them or write them down.
Neale Donald Walsch|A Soul Knowing: You are the sum total of the Body, Mind, and Soul, and each of these aspects of you has a purpose and a function, but only one has an agenda: the Soul.
Lawren Leo, Dragonflame: Tap Into Your Reservoir of Power Using Talismans, Manifestation, and Visualization|We have the power to change voluntarily, and there is something wonderful and awe-inspiring about that power.
Michael Pollan, Cooked: A Natural History of Transformation|If you stand in a wheat field at this time of year, a few weeks from harvest, it's not hard to imagine you're looking at something out of mythology: all this golden sunlight brought down to earth, captured in kernels of gold, and rendered fit for mortals to eat. But of course this is no myth at all, just the plain miraculous fact.
Dave Barry|Don't you wish you had a job like mine? All you have to do is think up a certain number of words! Plus, you can repeat words! And they don't even have to be true!
Vladimir Nabokov|I confess I do not believe in time. I like to fold my magic carpet, after use, in such a way as to superimpose one part of the pattern upon another. Let visitors trip. And the highest enjoyment of timelessness―in a landscape selected at random―is when I stand among rare butterflies and their food plants. This is ecstasy, and behind the ecstasy is something else, which is hard to explain. It is like a momentary vacuum into which rushes all that I love. A sense of oneness with sun and stone. A thrill of gratitude to whom it may concern―to the contrapuntal genius of human fate or to tender ghosts humoring a lucky mortal.
Lois Lowry, The Giver|Lily appeared, wearing her nightclothes, in the doorway. She gave an impatient sigh. 'This is certainly a very LONG private conversation,' she said. 'And there are certain people waiting for their comfort object.'Lily,' her mother said fondly, 'you're very close to being an Eight, and when you're an Eight, your comfort object will be taken away. It will be recycled to the younger children. You should be starting to go off to sleep without it.'But her father had already gone to the shelf and taken down the stuffed elephant which was kept there. Many of the comfort objects, like Lily's, were soft, stuffed, imaginary creatures. Jonas's had been called a bear.Here you are, Lily-billy,' he said. 'I'll come help you remove your hair ribbons.
Abdullah Ibrahim|If the Earth gets hit by an asteroid, it's game over. It's control-alt-delete for civilization.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|It's what you have always wanted to accomplish. Everyone, when they are young, knows what their destiny is. At that point in their lives, everything is clear and everything is possible. They are not afraid to dream, and to yearn for everything they would like to see happen to them in their lives. But, as time passes, a mysterious force begins to convince them that it will be impossible for them to realize their destiny... It's a force that appears to be negative, but actually shows you how to realize your destiny. It prepares your spirit and you will, because there is one great truth on this planet: whoever you are, or whatever it is that you do, when you really want something, it's because that desire originated in the soul of the universe. It's your mission on earth.
Sherry Argov, Why Men Love Bitches: From Doormat to Dreamgirl—A Woman's Guide to Holding Her Own in a Relationship|If she has six good points and you have one semigood little point, place all of the emphasis on your one semigood little point.
Jay-Z|I have had a singing teacher in L.A. for many, many years just to work on my voice as an actor.
Mary Catherine Bateson, Composing a Further Life: The Age of Active Wisdom|Since few people arrive at retirement with an understanding that this transition will involve a rethinking of who they are, an interim pattern has emerged, in which travel offers a way of fulfilling deferred daydreams of adventure while the next stage takes shape. [p. 31]
Sandeep N. Tripathi|In life, growth is imminent. And, growth without change, is unthinkable. And, to make the unthinkable thinkable, new roads need to be carved out by way of old ones. The old stands tall and firm and befriends the new to fall into place, with refined maturity and greater understanding and cultured admiration. It's simply pure Magic.
Sunday Adelaja|Even though we live in an unfair world, where some men and nations acquire their wealth in ways that are not always as straightforward as we would like it to be, yet in the midst of it all, it is not impossible to discover principles and secrets for the greatness of nations.
Micheline Aharonian Marcom, The Mirror in the Well|And she would like to cry, but she is unable to; and she would like to disappear but she won't; and she would like to stop feeling this despair and so she thinks that she will go to the movies see friends shop eat barter fuck the neighbor's husband: she is like a sow in her mud (of loneliness) and covers herself in it and what of it--it is the disease of her country, and the late night television shows the magazines and movies in cheap collusion with it.
PREETI BAJPAI|Once you are in love, you remain always in love, sometimes fulfilled and most of the times unfulfilled and broken but you remain in love. Beauty of love is to find a way when you feel there is no way to get out of the dark room. I find it more beautiful and accomplished when you are broken but you still remain in love , i find it more astonishing when he/she left you alone but you still accompany him everywhere, I find it more hedonistic when you manage to have a beautiful smile which has struggled through tears.You may say that your beloved has cheated you, your prince charming lied you, your princess sell down the river, though you have done more than that you could do and one question which is even more painful than being slaughtered is WHY SHE/HE DID THIS TO ME which remains always unanswered. This makes your life wretchedness and see who is responsible ....No not your beloved/prince/princess its you only who is in search of something which will make no difference in your life. Let them go if they want to go, if they are happy with someone else, don't beg for the love, let the love come to you automatically.You deserve to be happy, respected and much better in your life. It is difficult to remain in love when someone suddenly disappear from your life but trust me once you understand that you have really loved them, once you understand that their state of being happy is what you always wished for is more important than that they are with you unhappy or betraying you, once you understand that life has always something better for you, once you understand the value of being lively and happy ,,,,,YOU WON'T HATE HER/HIM AGAIN IN LIFE FOR STABBING YOUR BACK ....FORGIVENESS IS THE BEST MEDICINE FOR THE PEACE OF YOUR HEART & DO REMEMBER YOUR HEART DESERVES PEACE NOT THE PIECES. Love is the best thing you can cater to yourself instead of asking from someone else.
Jerry Spinelli, Milkweed|Some nights, we were a city of two.
Sarah Blakley-Cartwright, Red Riding Hood Bonus Chapter|Dear Father, I already forgave you once. I read all your letters, which fed me crumbs of love and admiration. LIke Hansel and Gretel, I followed their trail to your door. But you have left me again. I have the whole summer ahead of me to re-read your letters, and to try to understand.
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|Learn to adapt. Things change, circumstances change. Adjust yourself and your efforts to what it is presented to you so you can respond accordingly. Never see change as a threat, because it can be an opportunity to learn, to grow, evolve and become a better person.
Tony Evens|Your life is like a coin. You can spend it anyway you want, but only once. Make sure you invest it and don't waste it. Invest it in something that matters to you and matters for eternity.
Ratish Edwards|Wonderful YouLove you for being so meaningful, i my meaningless life,Love you for being so true, even when my life was a complete lie,Love you for being so strong, when i was weak within,Love you for being so natural, when i was being artificial,Love you for being an end to my pain ,Love you for being the strength that i regain,Love you for all the colors in life,Love you for all that matters in my life,Love you for being my power,Love you for being my saver,
Chris d'Lacey, The Fire Within|Hey, Alec," he said.The man was on his hands and knees, leaning his face into the middle of a bush; he grunted something that kind of sounded like a "Yeah?""Why are we spending so much time on this side of where we left them?"Alec pulled himself out of the bush and looked back at him. "Seemed logical. I'd think they either followed us out of here to find us, or they were taken by the same yahoos who attacked us. Or... maybe they went to investigate the fire."Mark thought that was all barking up the wrong tree. "Or they ran away from the fire. Not every person on earth is as wacky-brained as you, good sir. Most people see a huge roaring inferno coming at them? They decide to cut and run. Just saying.
Allen Adamson, Shift Ahead: How the Best Companies Stay Relevant in a Fast-Changing World|We wrote Shift Ahead to document how the smartest companies and organizations shift their strategiesin order to stay relevant in the face of swift and exponential changes in everything from technology tothe forces of globalization, from politics and culture, from consumer tastes to human behavior. Wewanted to find out how they shift ahead – how they stayed ahead of the curve, the competition, and theevolving requirements of their customers – given the barrage of evolving challenges.
Evinda Lepins|If someone is speaking to you and elevating themselves at the expense of another, consider the source a non-factor; that's keepin' it 'sucka-free'.
Travis Bowman, Hercules of the Revolution: A Novel Based on the Life of Peter Francisco|North Carolina has a monument to [Peter Francisco], and no one knows that. That's the kind of stuff that drives me.
Diane Warren|Sometimes a technology is so awe-inspiring that the imagination runs away with it - often far, far away from reality. Robots are like that. A lot of big and ultimately unfulfilled promises were made in robotics early on, based on preliminary successes.
Jay Inslee|Driving race cars was an avenue for me to learn how to build my own car, and that was my ambition all along.
W. H. Auden|A friendship that like love is warm; A love like friendship, steady.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|What could he have against love? Sure, it sucked sometimes, but what was the point of living if there wasn't love?
Fakeer Ishavardas|Those who love dogs, know something about God.
Samuel Shem, The House of God|Yes, I totally would date a fan! I get this question a lot, but I'm always saying yes.
Munia Khan|Ocean separates lands, not souls..
Brian Andreas|Your job is to focus on my personal happiness, she said, & I've got big plans, so break time is over. 
Anthony T. Hincks|When you walk a tightrope, you don't want to be eating buttered popcorn.
Cole Gibsen, Life Unaware|Whenever someone says some- thing about us, it gets written inside us, permanently. The good words, the ugly words, it’s all right here.” I placed a palm against my chest. “Sure, you can scribble out the words or try to paint over them, but beneath the layers of paint and ink, they’re still there, branded to our cores like initials carved in a tree.
Payal Kadakia|My assumption was that people are already motivated to go to a fitness class. That's who I am. I was already ready to go out there and get to class. All I needed was a search tool. But it turns out people need more than that, and that's why gym memberships exist.
Serendipity Trailer|When love feels like magic, you call it destiny. When destiny has a sense of humor, you call it serendipity.
Patrick Califia-Rice|Why do I write? I write because I have to, because it is all I know, because it is my truth, because I am compelled, because I am driven to make the worldacknowledge that women like me exist, and we possess a dangerous wisdom.
Seth Shostak, Confessions of an Alien Hunter: A Scientist's Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence|If you still believe that aliens would travel hundreds of light years to carve temporary graffiti in our wheat, then your imagination is one of the seven wonders of the world, and should be bronzed.
Josh Hatcher, Manlihood: The 12 Pillars of Masculinity|The truth is - no matter how “self-made” you think you are, you are really made by many who have invested in your life.Be known as a thankful and grateful person… and be known as the person that is investing in others to build them up, as well. It’s your way of paying back the debt that others have invested in you.
Miriam Makeba|Countries such as the U.S. and Britain have taken it upon themselves to decide for us in the developing world, even to interfere in our domestic affairs and to bring about what they call regime change.
Kathryn Alesandrini, Survive Information Overload: The 7 Best Ways to Manage Your Workload by Seeing the Big Picture|Don't be an escort to people on their way to success, for it is equally as if you're a sign post, leading the way, and rusting at the end.
Raghuram G. Rajan, Fault Lines: How Hidden Fractures Still Threaten the World Economy|How does a poor country defeat rich ones?” “Indeed, the answer is not by acquiring wealth in the sense that France has it.” “Meaning vineyards, farms, peasants, cows?” “But rather to play a sort of trick and redefine wealth to mean something novel.” “Currency!” “Indeed.
Peter van der Veer, The Modern Spirit of Asia: The Spiritual and the Secular in China and India|The Northern powers are more like administrators, who manipulate other people’s history but produce none of their own. They are the stock-jobbers of history, lives are their units of exchange. Lives as they are lived, deaths as they are died, all that is made of flesh, blood, semen, bone, fire, pain, shit, madness, intoxication, visions, everything that has been passing down here forever, is real history.
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, Sprout of Disruption|Further north, I met a Siberian hermit who lived in the foothills of the Ural Mountains. His life’s passion was wrestling black bears ... in the nude (him not the bears). He did not know why he did it. All the hermit knew was that if he stopped wrestling bears, he would die.
Haddi az|you choose darknessyou choose light,but you will know if you chose right.
Cate Tiernan, Immortal Beloved|Often things happen to race cars in the heat of the race. A square-toothed gear in a transmission may break, suddenly leaving the driver without all of his gears. Or perhaps a clutch fails. Brakes go soft from overheating. Suspensions break. When faced with one of theseproblems, the poor driver crashes. The average driver gives up. The great drivers drive through the problem. They figure out a way to continue racing. Like in the Luxembourg Grand Prix in 1989, when the Irish racer Kevin Finnerty York finished the race victoriously and later revealed that he had driven the final twenty laps of the race with only two gears! To be able to possess a machine in such a way is the ultimate show of determination and awareness. It makes one realize that the physicality of our world is a boundary to us only if our will is weak; a true champion can accomplish things that a normal person would think impossible.
David Chiles|An eerie aspect of social media is the way the dead’s account lingers in digital space as a floating memorial. Friends post emotional farewells as if the departed will read them. But we all know that those words are for the rest of the world as if to flaunt their bond with the deceased like a new car or engagement ring. Just like any material possession that ceases production, a person’s value amplifies when they are dead. They have no future. They have no present. Their past becomes a limited resource that everyone is desperate to snag a piece of.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|There is no harm in trying... Trying improves your skills, enhances your stamina and encourages you to excel. Give it a try... Even in trying moments, keep trying. You will never regret it!
Alain Resnais|You cannot have a really terrific library without at least one terrific librarian, the way you cannot have a really terrific bedroom unless you can lock the door.
Peter H. Diamandis, Bold: How to Go Big, Create Wealth and Impact the World|For linear-thinking companies, the six Ds of exponentials are the six horsemen of the apocalypse—no question about it.
Kerry Packer|Western civilization, unfortunately, does not link knowledge and morality but rather, it connects knowledge and power and makes them equivalent.
Tiffany Reisz, The Siren|My eyes were stinging, my body shaking, and my heart seemed to be just aching deep in my chest. (...)I should have let myself smash down the rocks. It would have hurt a whole lot less
Jenna-Lynne Duncan, Aftermath|She was evil. Couldn't he, who killed demons with his own hands, realize that? And now I had to run for Mardi Gras Queen because of him. Or her. I didn't know whose fault it was but there was no way I could back down now.
Emmanuel Jal|Liverpool has always made me brave, choice-wise. It was never a city that criticised anyone for taking a chance.
John   Kramer|Every war, every plague is God’s judgment. But every man who rises up to stop the wars and the plagues is God’s instrument. Human action is God’s will, not blind indifference in the face of suffering.
Sylvia Mathews Burwell|Some people hate lime-green; red has all this emotional baggage. Blue seems to be overall one of the more positive colors, and a little more serious than yellow.
Jennifer Lane, Bad Behavior|He pulled her toward him and gathered her in his arms as his hand lovingly cradled the back of her neck. She stopped breathing as he leaned down—ohmigod, the Adonis was about to kiss her—and planted the softest, most sensual kiss on her lips.Time stood still on the busy Chicago street.
Lydia Millet, Oh Pure and Radiant Heart|Beneath the violet pillar, in the vacuum before the roar of the cloud, there came a soft sound that might have been heard by those who listened closely: the gentle sigh of an idea unbound.
Sam Hunt|I was thinking 'Love Story', obviously, was a romantic film of that time.
|If it has failure written all over it, it's definitely not your portion in life.
William Maxwell, So Long, See You Tomorrow|What we, or at any rate what I, refer to confidently as memory--meaning a moment, a scene, a fact that has been subjected to a fixative and thereby rescued from oblivion--is really a form of storytelling that goes on continually in the mind and often changes with the telling. Too many conflicting emotional interests are involved for life ever to be wholly acceptable, and possibly it is the work of the storyteller to rearrange things so that they conform to this end. In any case, in talking about the past we lie with every breath we draw.
Heather Vogel Frederick, Once Upon a Toad|That's the kind of stories I know. Sad ones. Anyway, taken to it's logical conclusion, every story is sad, because at the end everyone dies.
Lori Lansens, The Mountain Story|When you get older, you think of sadness in a different way. You don't judge it so harshly.
Michael Ben Zehabe, A Commentary on Jonah|She'd created her own hell, and now that she had learned to control her fear, she knew how to create her own paradise.
Bob Keeshan|Tradition is an element that enters into play with destiny, because you are born into a particular family - Jewish or Islamic or Christian or Mexican - and your family determines to some extent what you are expected to become. And society is always there attempting to determine the role we will play within it.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|When you saw a wounded who cry out for help,you may be the one sent by God to bring a favor.
Shepherd Hoodwin, Journey of Your Soul: A Channel Explores the Michael Teachings|To know someone, we must experience him, and that knowing will not exceed our self-knowledge—we cannot know someone else to a greater depth than we know ourselves.
Amber Kell, Attracting Anthony|Just because your lover died doesn't mean you can't find another. Besides, ifyou don't start dating again your parents will intervene and I've met your parents, they scare the crap out of me."Anthony shivered at the memory of his parents'matchmaking skills. "Last time they fixed me up with a fairy."Steven snorted. "I thought you didn't like labels.""No. He was an actual fairy, you know, from Faeland."That got Steven's full attention. "What happened?"Anthony shrugged. "Let's just say it didn't work out.
Christina Engela, Space Vacation|He caught me up on wings of light, and showed me the realms of his creation, the glittering gemstones paving his heaven. He left my body weak and spent, my spirit gorged with honey.
Ashley D. Wallis, Leaping|I didn't begin life hating my grandmother. Like every child, I adored her. Until I formed a brain and got to know her.
Prabhukrishna M|A woman keeps her kitchen like her heart: Well stocked and labelled and shelved, with lots of air and light, spick and span and filled with love
Maria Nieves|Though the legs of a football coach are never so active on the field of play during playing time, his mind is the best or worse player on the pitch!
Robert J. Sawyer|I have a close association with Gen. Petraeus... What you get in Dave Petraeus is a very unique officer, a combination of intelligence, extraordinary depth of knowledge and understanding.
Jonathan Lethem, Motherless Brooklyn|sleep is such a luxury, which i cant afford.
honeya|Relations are by product of Money(mostly), keep your finances in line and rest all is taken care" This is a fact, which would be rarely accepted by people, but inside everyone knows that...Those who've not yet experienced it would still say, money cannot buy love, respect bla bla bla...
Eric Spitznagel, Old Records Never Die: One Man's Quest for His Vinyl and His Past|After we hung up, I took the joint. If I was going to die here, in the creepy basement out of a horror movie, in an epic snowstorm that was like an icy prison, with a wife unwilling to pretend-like Bananarama to maybe save her husband's life, I should at least go out with a smile on my face.
Gustave Flaubert|An overwhelming curiosity makes me ask myself what their lives might be like. I want to know what they do, where they're from, their names, what they're thinking about at that moment, what they regret, what they hope for, their past loves, their current dreams ... and if they happen to be women (especially the young ones) then the urge becomes intense.How quickly would you want to see her naked, admit it, and naked through to her heart. How you try to learn where she comes from, where she's going, why she's here and not elsewhere!While letting your eyes wander all over her, you imagine love affairs for her, you ascribe her deep feelings. You think of the bedroom she must have, and a thousand things besides ... right down to the battered slippers into which she must slip her feet when she gets out of bed.
Anthony Powell, A Dance to the Music of Time: 3rd Movement|Entering the front door, you were at once assailed by a nightmare of cheerlessness and squalor, all the sordid melancholy, at its worst, of any nest of bedrooms where only men sleep;
Joni Eareckson Tada, A Place of Healing: Wrestling with the Mysteries of Suffering, Pain, and God's Sovereignty|Here at our ministry we refuse to present a picture of “gentle Jesus, meek and mild,” a portrait that tugs at your sentiments or pulls at your heartstrings. That’s because we deal with so many people who suffer, and when you’re hurting hard, you’re neither helped nor inspired by a syrupy picture of the Lord, like those sugary, sentimental images many of us grew up with. You know what I mean? Jesus with His hair parted down the middle, surrounded by cherubic children and bluebirds.Come on. Admit it: When your heart is being wrung out like a sponge, when you feel like Morton’s salt is being poured into your wounded soul, you don’t want a thin, pale, emotional Jesus who relates only to lambs and birds and babies.You want a warrior Jesus.You want a battlefield Jesus. You want his rigorous and robust gospel to command your sensibilities to stand at attention.To be honest, many of the sentimental hymns and gospel songs of our heritage don’t do much to hone that image. One of the favorite words of hymn writers in days gone by was sweet. It’s a term that down’t have the edge on it that it once did. When you’re in a dark place, when lions surround you, when you need strong help to rescue you from impossibility, you don’t want “sweet.” You don’t want faded pastels and honeyed softness.You want mighty. You want the strong arm an unshakable grip of God who will not let you go — no matter what.
Sarah Moore Fitzgerald, The Apple Tart of Hope|When we were young, we were told that poetry is about voice, about finding a voice and speaking with this voice, but the older I get I think it’s not about voice, it’s about listening and the art of listening, listening with attention. I don’t just mean with the ear; bringing the quality of attention to the world. The writers I like best are those who attend.
Orson Scott Card, Pathfinder|Human vocabulary is still not capable, and probably never will be, of knowing, recognizing, and communicating everything that can be humanly experienced and felt. Some say that the main cause of this very serious difficulty lies in the fact that human beings are basically made of clay, which, as the encyclopedias helpfully explain, is a detrital sedimentary rock made up of tiny mineral fragments measuring one two hundred and fifty-sixths of a millimeter. Until now, despite long linguistic study, no one has managed to come up with a name for this.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|If life is a song, you must be the superb lyrics to a sweet melody.
Mitch Hedberg|I'm not the biggest motorcycle fan - they're cool and a lot of fun, but they're scary as well!
Joe Abercrombie, The Heroes|He is dead and I, the self serving coward that I am, still live. Life is not fair. There is no pattern. People die at random. Something everyone knows, but no one truly believes. They think that when it comes to them there will be a lesson, a meaning, a story worth telling. That death will come to them as a dread scholar, a fell knight, a terrible emperor.Death is a bored clerk, with too many orders to fill. There is no reckoning. No profound moment. It creeps up on us from behind, and snatches us away while we shit.
Oscar Wilde, The Soul of Man Under Socialism, the Socialist Ideal Art, and the Coming Solidarity. by Oscar Wilde, William Morris, W.C. Owen|The pagan, or rational, virtues are such things as justice and temperance, and Christianity has adopted them. The three mystical virtues which Christianity has not adopted, but invented, are faith, hope and charity. Now… the first evident fact, I say, is that the pagan virtues, such as justice and temperance, are the sad virtues, and that the mystical virtues of faith, hope, and charity are the gay and exuberant virtues. And the second evident fact, which is even more evident, is the fact that the pagan virtues are the reasonable virtues, and that the Christian virtues of faith, hope, and charity are in their essence as unreasonable as they can be…charity means pardoning what is unpardonable, or it is no virtue at all. Hope means hoping when things are hopeless, or it is no virtue at all. And faith means believing the incredible, or it is no virtue at all.
Debasish Mridha|True love is very silent, very personal, very non-demanding, and nonjudgmental.
Zendaya|Early on, after gay liberation, there was an almost Stalinist pressure from gay critics and even gay readers to write about positive role models. We were never supposed to write negative things about gays, or else we were seen as collaborating with the enemy.
Susan Sontag, Under the Sign of Saturn: Essays|Our television signals leave this planet and go out into space...the signals spread out from the earth in spherical waves, a little like ripples in a pond. They travel at the speed of light, 186,000 miles a second, and essentially go on forever. The better some other civilizations receivers are, the farther away they could be and still pick up our tv signals. Even we could detect a strong tv transmission from a planet going around the nearest star.' President: 'You mean everything? You mean to say all that crap on television - the car crashes, wrestling, the porno channels, the evening news?
Paul Dano|I think that when you make yourself vulnerable, the thing that you do next is better. It's not like you have to inflict pain on yourself in order to make yourself better, but I think it helps. The thing that bonds you to a new friend isn't that you went to a really fun party; it's 'cause you had a really weird, sad conversation.
Shannon L. Alder|Naive people tend to generalize people as—-good, bad, kind, or evil based on their actions. However, even the smartest person in the world is not the wisest or the most spiritual, in all matters. We are all flawed. Maybe, you didn’t know a few of these things about Einstein, but it puts the notion of perfection to rest. Perfection doesn’t exist in anyone. Nor, does a person’s mistakes make them less valuable to the world. 1. He divorced the mother of his children, which caused Mileva, his wife, to have a break down and be hospitalized.2.He was a ladies man and was known to have had several affairs; infidelity was listed as a reason for his divorce.3.He married his cousin.4.He had an estranged relationship with his son.5. He had his first child out of wedlock.6. He urged the FDR to build the Atom bomb, which killed thousands of people.7. He was Jewish, yet he made many arguments for the possibility of God. Yet, hypocritically he did not believe in the Jewish God or Christianity. He stated, “I believe in Spinoza’s God who reveals himself in the harmony of all that exists, not in a God who concerns himself with the fate and the doings of mankind.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|Do you have the courage? Do you have the courage to bring forth this work? The treasures that are hidden inside you are hoping you will say yes." (quoting Jack Gilbert)
Niall Williams, Four Letters of Love|The sensation Ihad experienced vanished like smoke from a snuffed candle, leaving behind wisps of namelesslonging.
Isaac D'Israeli|There is an art of reading, as well as an art of thinking, and an art of writing.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Fantastic,” I said without an ounce of enthusiasm. “I’m just one more embarrassing confession away from taking over the world.” --Spencer Nye
Sojourner Truth|But in truth, should I meet with gold or spices in great quantity, I shall remain till I collect as much as possible, and for this purpose I am proceeding solely in quest of them.
James Dashner, The Maze Runner|He finally pulled it all back into his heart, sucking in the painful tide of his misery.
Colson Whitehead|the focus one finds in the grammar books is on the wrong forms, on forms detached from the underlying (or overarching) form that must be in place before any technical terms can be meaningful or alive
Majora Carter|I have had friends who have acted kindly towards me, and it has been my good fortune to have it in my power to give them substantial proofs of my gratitude.
Devon Werkheiser|I am terrible at making food. I love eating, but I can't make anything.
Jen Lancaster, Such a Pretty Fat: One Narcissist's Quest to Discover If Her Life Makes Her Ass Look Big, or Why Pie Is Not the Answer|I want to change my life...except I sort of like it. I mean, I couldn't be more delighted every Monday night after Fletch goes to bed when I come downstairs, pull up the Bachelor on TiVo, drink Riesling, and eat cheddar/port wine Kaukauna cheese without freakign out over fat grams. I'm perpetually in a good mood because I do everything I want. I love having the freedom to skip the gym to watch a Don Knots movie on the Disney Channel without a twinge of guilt. I've figured out how to not be beholden to what other people believe I should be doing, and when the world tells me I ought to be a size eight, I can thumb my nose at them in complete empowerment.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|Hard times are a-coming, and people without useful, practical skills are going to suffer. Or suffer most.
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|Anyone who is in love is making love the whole time, even when they're not. When two bodies meet, it is just the cup overflowing. They can stay together for hours, even days. They begin the dance one day and finish it the next, or--such is the pleasure they experience--they may never finish it. No eleven minutes for them.
Charles Spurgeon|We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
Priya Ardis, My Merlin Awakening|If I were to lock you up in a dungeon, I guarantee you would not be bored.
Donald Miller, To Own a Dragon: Reflections on Growing Up Without a Father|Well, let's consider the value of the dollar. Ultimately, logically, the dollar has no value at all. It's a piece of paper. It only has value because we say it has value, and because we agree on a system of bartering that maintains that value. Great care is taken to keep the value of the dollar strong. Smart guys in Washington and New York lose sleep over this. And we all watched what happend in Argentina a few years ago. We watched what happened when the value of currency declined rapidly. It's not a good thing. Sex is like that. God is concerned with the value of sex staying high. It's important to a person's health, a family's health, and a society's health. But like anything, sex can be cheapened in our minds, so we don't hold it in high esteem. God doesn't think this is a good thing. Stuff God doesn't think is good is called sin."What happens when sex is cheaped?" somebody asked.A lot happens. The main thing is there is no sacred physical territory associated with commitment. There can still be emotional territory, but there isn't anything physical, experiential, that a man and a woman have only with each other. Sleeping around does something to the heart, to the mind. It leaves less commodity to spend on a sacred mate. But all of that sounds pretty fluffy. Let me break it down into practical stuff. Women saying no to men, not letting men have sex with them, causes men to step up. If, in order to have sex with them, women demanded you got a job and shaved every day and didn't dress like a dork or sit around playing video games, then all of us would do just that. We all want to have sex, right?...And this in turn would be good for families, would be good for the communities.
Avina Celeste|Most of the times we work towards calming our nerves & adapting to live with the problems, rather than working towards finding a long-term solution to the problems, and when the problem returns we victimize ourselves to ease the pain of another inconvenience.
Nicola Adams|I was brought up to understand Darwin's theory of evolution. I spent hours and hours in the Natural History Museum in London looking at the descriptions of how different kinds of animals had evolved, looking at the sequence of fossil bones looking gradually more and more and more and more like the modern fossil.
Charles Dickens|You are to be in all things regulated and governed,’ said the gentleman, ‘by fact. We hope to have, before long, a board of fact, composed of commissioners of fact, who will force the people to be a people of fact, and of nothing but fact. You must discard the word Fancy altogether. You have nothing to do with it. You are not to have, in any object of use or ornament, what would be a contradiction in fact. You don’t walk upon flowers in fact; you cannot be allowed to walk upon flowers in carpets. You don’t find that foreign birds and butterflies come and perch upon your crockery; you cannot be permitted to paint foreign birds and butterflies upon your crockery. You never meet with quadrupeds going up and down walls; you must not have quadrupeds represented upon walls. You must use,’ said the gentleman, ‘for all these purposes, combinations and modifications (in primary colours) of mathematical figures which are susceptible of proof and demonstration. This is the new discovery. This is fact. This is taste.
Jerry A. Coyne, Why Evolution Is True|Those who would legislate against the teaching of evolution should also legislate against gravity, electricity and the unreasonable velocity of light, and also should introduce a clause to prevent the use of the telescope, the microscope and the spectroscope or any other instrument of precision which may in the future be invented, constructed or used for the discovery of truth.
L.J. Smith, Secret Vampire|She let herself fall backwards into the music, and it was like falling in a dream, without fear.It was like being a raindrop falling into the ocean that had started you.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|If you are anguished with your failures, you despise and accuse those very adversities and held them responsible for your debacle.
Amit Kalantri|I don't expect congratulations for successful beginning, what I want is the applaud at successful ending.
G.K. Chesterton, The Napoleon of Notting Hill|I nee to reason for a plague, ... As far as I know no comets or eclipses have been forecast, and our sins are not great enough for God to be concerned with us.
Pink|My father used to have an expression. He'd say, 'Joey, a job is about a lot more than a paycheck. It's about your dignity. It's about respect. It's about your place in your community.'
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...writing with ferocity is a gift, provided that ferocity is a monomaniacal devotion to pursuing the truth ...
Awdhesh Singh, The Secret Red Book of Leadership|Proverbs 21:15 NIV:When justice is done, it brings joy to the righteous but terror to evildoers.
Jennifer Weiner|Read everything. Read fiction and non-fiction, read hot best sellers and the classics you never got around to in college. 
Timothy J. Keller, The Reason for God: Belief in an Age of Skepticism|A Sunrise is God's way of saying, "Let's start again.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|The heart also knows things, and so does the imagination. Thank God. If not for heart and imagination, the world of fiction would be a pretty seedy place. It might not even exist at all.
Lepota L. Cosmo|Facts produce structures, objects are lyrical realities.
Mussadiq Abdul Rahim|Joshua Joseph had no great hatred of modern technology - he just mistrusts the effortless, textureless surfaces and the ease with which it trains you to do things in the way most convenient to the machine. Above all he mistrusts duplication. A rare thing becomes a commonplace thing. A skill becomes a feature. The end is more important than the means. The child of the soul gives place to a product of the system.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|Let your resistance, judgements, angers and fears inform you.
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|Success, after all, loves a witness, but failure can't exist without one.
Azita Ghanizada|We say that our objective is to conquer complete independence, to install a people's power, to construct a new society without exploitation, for the benefit of all those who feel themselves to be Mozambicans.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|Whatever they may think and say about their "egoism", the great majority nonetheless do nothing for their ego their whole life long: what they do is done for the phantom of their ego which has formed itself in the heads of those around them and has been communicated to them.
Adedayo kinjerry|be bold to face the battle, if you win then you are lucky and if you loose then you will be wise....
Amy Poehler, Yes Please|However, if you do start crying in an argument and someone asks why, you can always say, "I'm just crying because of how wrong you are.
Fiona Apple|In Los Angeles, parenting is a competitive sport. From Beverly Hills baby boutiques to kids' yoga classes, L.A. fuses high style, industrial-strength materialism, and parental outsourcing into our own unique version of child-rearing.
Steven Rowley, Lily and the Octopus|DO IT NOWIf with pleasure you are viewingany work a man is doing,If you like him or you love him,tell him now;Don’t withhold your approbationtill the parson makes orationAnd he lies with snowy lilies on his brow;No matter how you shout ithe won’t really care about it;He won’t know how many teardrops you have shed;If you think some praise is due himnow’s the time to slip it to him,For he cannot read his tombstone when he’s dead.More than fame and more than moneyis the comment kind and sunnyAnd the hearty, warm approval of a friend.For it gives to life a savor,and it makes you stronger, braver,And it gives you heart and spirit to the end;If he earns your praise – bestow it,if you like him let him know it,Let the words of true encouragement be said;Do not wait till life is overand he’s underneath the clover,For he cannot read his tombstone when he’s dead.
Josef Pieper, Leisure: The Basis Of Culture|Earlier in this century someone claimed that we work at our play and play at our work. Today the confusion has deepened: we worship our work, work at our play, and play in our worship.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|All facades fall sometime, then the mask comes off and the real heart is seen.
Robert Jordan|Oh, how long were the days of a man.When he strode upon the broken land.He sailed as far as a man could steer.And he never wished to lose his fear.For the fear of man is a thing untold.It keeps him safe, and it proves him bold!Don’t let fear make you cease to strive,for that fear it proves you remain alive!I will walk this broken road,and I will carry a heavy load!So come at me with your awful lies,I’m a man of truth and I’ll meet your eyes!
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|At some point they show their true colorsAfter the break upAfter the trial After the contract is signed and brokenTheir true colors stinkThese daysI find it hard to get along with themI want to push them until the colors come out And sometimes I hate them so much, I push and seeI do the same to the ones I likeThe ones I don’t care about I smile at real nice
Morris Gleitzman|My parents divorced when I was very, very young, but they maintained an incredibly amicable relationship. They were great partners, they were great parents, and they were great friends throughout my whole life until I was about 25, at which point they realized that they could relinquish; they could call it and move on.
Alfred A. Montapert|Male and female represent the two sides of the great radical dualism. But in fact they are perpetually passing into one another. Fluid hardens to solid, solid rushes to fluid. There is no wholly masculine man, no purely feminine woman.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|When it comes to changing your life; there’s only one thing you’ve to change, that is everything.
Ana Monnar|My plan is to continue teaching many more years than the 32 years I've already enjoyed and continue writing, and promoting my books and websites if it's God will.
Evan Osnos|I started modeling at 28. I'm 5-feet-7 1/2, and I never went on a diet. I followed what my doctor told me: 'It's good to have a little bit of fat. Your weight is fine. Don't go any lighter.'
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|It's too short,' she said, 'ever so much too short.' Never did anybody look so sad. Bitter and black, half-way down, in the darkness, in the shaft which ran from the sunlight to the depths, perhaps a tear formed; a tear fell; the waters swayed this way and that, received it, and were at rest. Never did anybody look so sad.
Laura Busche, Powering Content: Building a Nonstop Content Marketing Machine|If you would not spend time looking at it, do not ship it. One of the best quality assurance rules of thumb is to avoid publishing content that you would not consume. Simple, yet so hard to execute on. My audience deserves my very best. Repeat that to yourself every single day.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Through Neurotheology, I and my fellow scientists of twenty-first century have already taken the first step from the side of Science, to diminish the gap between Science and Religion. Now it is time for Religion to do the same.
Israelmore Ayivor|To dream" means to focus and zoom the photos of destiny called visions for clearer view, manipulation and exploitation.
Noam Chomsky|Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things they make it easier to do don't need to be done.
Brother Lawrence|We should fix ourselves firmly in the presence of God by conversing all the time with Him...we should feed our soul with a lofty conception of God and from that derive great joy in being his. We should put life in our faith. We should give ourselves utterly to God in pure abandonment, in temporal and spiritual matters alike, and find contentment in the doing of His will,whether he takes us through sufferings or consolations. 
John Logan|I don't know if it's a romantic comedy but I'm in the beginning of the first of the season of 'The West Wing.' We shot it last year. I don't know. If anyone asks me to be in one, I'll jump on it.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|You may be told that the legal decisions lead the changes, that judges and lawmakers lead the culture in those theaters called courtrooms, but they only ratify change. They are almost never where change begins, only where it ends up, for most changes travel from the edges to the center.
Cesar Millan|My mother and dad were big animal lovers, too. I just don't know how I would have lived without animals around me. I'm fascinated by them - both domestic pets and the wild community. They just are the most interesting things in the world to me, and it's made such a difference in my lifetime.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|What is feminism? Simply the belief that women should be as free as men, however nuts, dim, deluded, badly dressed, fat, receding, lazy and smug they might be. Are you a feminist? Hahaha. Of course you are.
Carl Sandburg|Your language looks like a treasure map,' she said, 'if you forget all the rest of the letters and focus in on the x, it looks as if you could find out where the treasure is.
Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum|We always have to blame our failures on somebody else, and dictatorships always need an external enemy to bind their followers together. As the man said, for every complex problem there’s a simple solution, and it’s wrong.
Beth Revis, Shades of Earth|And I know what I told my father was true: let us taste the world, and we’ll do whatever it takes to shape it into our home.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions|Earthlings went on being friendly, when they should have been thinking instead.
Jerry Gladstone, The Common Thread of Overcoming Adversity and Living Your Dreams|We all have set-backs, use yours as fuel to burn your desire and dedication.
Dan Aykroyd|Any criticism of Thatcher throws a dangerously absurd light on the entire machinery of British politics. Thatcher's name must be protected, not because of all the wrong that she had done, but because the people around her allowed her to do it.
Billy Connolly|You're reaching outAnd no one hears you cryYou're freaking out again'Cause all your fearsRemind you another dream has come undoneYou feel so small and lost like you're the only oneYou wanna scream 'cause you'reDesperateYou want somebody, just anybodyTo lay their hands on your soul tonightYou want a reason to keep believin'That someday you're gonna see the lightYou're in the darkThere's no one left to callAnd sleep's your only friendWell even sleepCan't hide you from all those tearsAnd all the pain and all the daysYou wasted pushin' them awayIt's your life, it's time you face it 
Sara Massa, The Shifting Moon|Grown tall, like a ruddy weed, on his food.
Virat Kohli|I am a bit of a hopeless romantic. I really do have a faith and a belief in love, and when I love, I love hard.
J.W. Lord|Oops Typo!" - When God created humans.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Seize the Night|Up until then it had only been himself. Up to then it had been a private wrestle between him and himself. Nobody else much entered into it. After the people came into it he was, of course, a different man. Everything had changed then and he was no longer the virgin, with the virgin's right to insist upon platonic love. Life, in time, takes every maidenhead, even if it has to dry it up; it does not matter how the owner wants to keep it. Up to then he had been the young idealist. But he could not stay there. Not after the other people entered into it.
Jean-Paul Sartre|A country that relies on aid? Death is better than that. It stops you from achieving your potential, just as colonialism did.
Henry Miller, Sexus|If there's any interaction between genes and languages, it is often languages that influence genes, since linguistic differences between populations lessen the chance of genetic exchange between them.
Heather Marsh|Women at the top are the ones chosen to be there by men and not eliminated by women, a dual filter that excludes most witches: those with brilliance and originality and those capable of disturbing the status quo.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|In order to do the unthinkable, do not think about it.
Suzette Boon, Coping with Trauma-Related Dissociation: Skills Training for Patients and Therapists|Changes in Meaning:Finally, chronically traumatized people lose faith that good things can happen and people can be kind and trustworthy. They feel hopeless, often believing that the future will be as bad as the past, or that they will not live long enough to experience a good future. People who have a dissociative disorder may have different meanings in various dissociative parts. Some parts may be relatively balanced in their worldview, others may be despairing, believing the world to be a completely negative, dangerous place, while other parts might maintain an unrealistic optimistic outlook on life
Gary D. Schmidt|You know one thing that Mr. Powell taught me? He taught me that sometimes, art can make you forget everything else all around you. That's what are can do.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Good Morning Humans...'It's Monday don't forget to be awesome, make it a good one
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|A hero: a man or woman who is unsatisfied by his condition, and resolves to do something about it.
Debasish Mridha|Like a wildflower, poetry does not need explanation. It only needs to touch our emotions.
Anne Lamott|In search of my mother's garden, I found my own.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Spurgeon's Sermons Vol. 1-10|In humility, we find our true calling and our greatest honor.
Jeno Marz, Falaha's Journey Into Pleasure|Your wonderful mind has a matching body,” I heard Eyuran whispering into my ear through a thick veil of bliss, and found myself laying on my side, my spouse behind me, his hot palm slowly caressing my thigh, up and down. “So it’s good to give your body the nice treat it is demanding so explicitly.” His finger slid down my spine, making me tremble. “It wants and needs to be satisfied,” his low voice soaked into my skin.
Michelle Obama|I do not think there is any thrill that can go through the human heart like that felt by the inventor as he sees some creation of the brain unfolding to success... such emotions make a man forget food, sleep, friends, love, everything.
Gilgamesh|Hero of Justice? A world where no one is hurt?" Don't be absurd. "Humanity" is the name for an animal that cannot find joy in life without sacrifice. The pretty lie that is "equality" is nonsense spouted by weaklings who cannot look upon the darkness. Nothing but an excuse to cover up life's ugliness.
William Faulkner, The Reivers|Fiction may be about lying – on the surface, anyway – but fiction is about hiding the truth behind those lies. It's about using those lies to say something true and real. It's about showing the reader something. It's about making them
John Hughes|Where I grew up, I could be a punk rocker and a jock. But in college, it became apparent that those two worlds didn't mix. When I brought my guitar back to school after Thanksgiving break, a friend handed me his bass and said, 'Listen to the Ramones.'
Heidi Priebe|I drift off for a while. I don't know how long, but when I open my eyes, the Oscars are still on and Alex tells me that Sid has gone and this makes me a little sad. Whatever the four of us had is over. He is my daughter's boyfriend now, and I am a father. A widower. No pot, no cigarettes, no sleeping over. They'll have to find inventive ways to conduct their business, most likely in uncomfortable places, just like the rest of them. I let him and my old ways go. We all let him go, as well as who we were before this, and now it's really just the three of us. I glance over at the girls, taking a good look at what's left.
Debasish Mridha|Like the morning sun, add sparkle, beauty, and warmth to the lives of others.
Soren Kierkegaard|Is it faith to understand nothing, and merely submit your convictions implicitly to the Church?
Brian Solis, Engage: The Complete Guide for Brands and Businesses to Build, Cultivate, and Measure Success in the New Web|This is what you do now to give your day topography--scan the boxes, read the news, see the chain of your friends reporting about themselves, take the 140-character expository bursts and sift through for the information you need. It's a highly deceptive world, one that constantly asks you to comment but doesn't really care what you have to say. The illusion of participation can sometimes lead to participation. But more often than not, it only leads to more illusion, dressed in the guise of reality.
Laura Hillenbrand, Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption|We may run into many downfalls in life, but with a mighty God on our side those downfalls have already been defeated.
Ernest Hemingway|I closed my eyes then but it was too dark to clearly see that vision that my body would conjure out of blood and the inside of skin when light hit it, but I'd seen it so often, examined it so carefully, that it wasn't hard for me to call to mind.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|The husband is the head of the wife just in so far as he is to her what Christ is to the Church - read on - and give his life for her (Eph. V, 25). This headship, then, is most fully embodied not in the husband we should all wish to be but in him whose marriage is most like a crucifixion; whose wife receives most and gives least, is most unworthy of him, is - in her own mere nature - least lovable. For the Church has not beauty but what the Bride-groom gives her; he does not find, but makes her, lovely. The chrism of this terrible coronation is to be seen not in the joys of any man's marriage but in its sorrows, in the sickness and sufferings of a good wife or the faults of a bad one, in his unwearying (never paraded) care or his inexhaustible forgiveness: forgiveness, not acquiescence. As Christ sees in the flawed, proud, fanatical or lukewarm Church on earth that Bride who will one day be without spot or wrinkle, and labours to produce the latter, so the husband whose headship is Christ-like (and he is allowed no other sort) never despairs. He is a King Cophetua who after twenty years still hopes that the beggar-girl will one day learn to speak the truth and wash behind her ears.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|SOUL SHINEYou know that thingYou do so well,That little sparkYou hideIn the dark,That you thinkNobody knows about –ButYou?Well,Did you knowThatThere'sA gleamThat you beamWhen you talkOr doAnything,That everyoneKnows about –ButYou?
Anna   Moore, Edith and the Owls|Three things happened in 1945. Daddy went missing, Annie started wetting the bed, and the Lester girl sang about Hitler in the middle of Sunday service.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|A self-leader looks around for problems, and then thinks deep to device solutions to them.
David Gerrold|And, that's what I truly believe that we're doing when we're advancing scientific knowledge is we're someday making the world better. Not only for our children, but for all people after that.
Nihar Sharma, Stranded|When you are down, the only place to go is up. -Pontius Joseph
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|We felt the imprisonment of being a girl, the way it made your mind active and dreamy, and how you ended up knowing which colors went together.
Alaa Abd El-Salam|Dawn is a precious time of day. It reminds us that every glory must fade, and that all things, cruel or sweet, come to an end.
Ross Perot|My philosophy comes from a worldview that looks at the world as one. It's a holistic view that sees the world as interconnected and interdependent and integrated in so many different ways, which informs my politics.
Gian Kumar|Dennis was present, still present, and this, she thought as she stayed landed against him, was no small talent.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|Isn’t reality based on the prevailing culture, the trend that people want to identify with?
Barack Obama|I believe when you meet the right person it clicks, and you both know and you start making it work, you know?
Jaime Herrera Beutler|With the implementation of the Affordable Care Act and the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act, more people will have insurance coverage and, in principle, be eligible for more care.
Ray Comfort|I design a lot of things that I wear onstage, but I'm always looking for unique stuff. I like creative things, so anything I can find at a secondhand costume shop to a Helmut Lang store, it doesn't matter - just unique stuff.
Rohan Nath|I possess a gorgeous world.I created it and painted it like a fiveyears old, where the sky is wovenwith golden threads and the sun ispearl white.But alas! You can't observe it as theyare positioned inside my mind myimaginations...
Mehmet Murat ildan|Ideas matter—and philosophy is the art of thinking about them rigorously. In my view, that should be done in as public a forum as possible.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A poet warrior realizes both the brutality and the beauty in life, and apprehends that the suffering we tragically endure is partly what makes us human. What also makes us human is the ability to love, the ability to stand in nature’s presence, and to nurture this earthly paradise to tend to our family’s needs.
Eoin Colfer, The Time Paradox|I bet," said Mulch, "that you would set the world on fire just to watch it burn."Opal tapped the suggestion into a small electronic notepad on her pocket computer.Thanks for that. Now, tell me everything.
Christina Baker Kline, A Piece of the World|Before we leave the gravesite, Mary sings Mother's favorite gospel hymn ...Mary's lovely voice rises and lingers in the air, and by the end of the song most of us are crying. I am too, though I still don't know what those stars are meant to represent. My mistake, I suppose, is in thinking they should mean something.
Mia Hollow|I play with the fire of my own truth," she told me, "I will burn for the things I love.
William Faulkner, Light in August|When it's a matter of not-do, I reckon a man can trust himself for advice. But when it comes to a matter of doing, I reckon a fellow had better listen to all the advice he can get.
John Henrik Clarke|It is unfortunate that so much of the history of Africa has been written by conquerors, foreigners, missionaries and adventurers. The Egyptians left the best record of their history written by local writers.
Ronald Reagan|Mr. Albert Einstein was right: If you feel you need to go one way, even when everyone else is going the other way, do so, do so to make positive changes in your life and for this world. I guarantee you, that you will never regret that decision. Believe in yourself, other people will also believe you in time. I believe in you. Yes, I believe in you.
Dada Bhagwan|In scriptures, there is knowledge about the different methods; the knowledge about the goal [to attain Pure Soul] is not there. ‘Gnani’ has the knowledge about the goal [to attain Pure Soul]. Knowledge about the goal, which is the Soul, is obtained as a result of the ‘Gnani’s’ grace.
Margaret Overton, Good in a Crisis: A Memoir of Divorce, Dating, and Other Near-Death Experiences|I felt myself begin to slide down into that recognizable abyss, down and down, where I knew it would be cold and dark, but which had become more familiar to me than my face in the mirror. I knew I should instead be grateful for this time with my two best friends, for having laughed, but I let myself slide anyway. And hoped someone would pull me back up.
Thea Harrison, Moonshadow|There was nothing else in the entire universe, nothing but the two of them together. Her curves, his angles. Her light, his darkness. Her softness, his exquisitely aching hardness.	Male. Female.
Martha Stout, The Sociopath Next Door|A part of a healthy conscience is being able to confront consciencelessness. When you teach your daughter, explicitly or by passive rejection, that she must ignore her outrage, that she must be kind and accepting to the point of not defending herself or other people, that she must not rock the boat for any reason, you are NOT strengthening her prosocial sense, you are damaging it--and the first person she will stop protecting is herself.
George Jean Nathan|In matters of the heart, nothing is true except the improbable.
Justin Bieber|He wanted to draw out the moment before the moment- because as good as kissing feels, nothing feels as good as the anticipation of it.
David duChemin, Within the Frame: The Journey of Photographic Vision|Anyone can take a picture of poverty; it’s easy to focus on the dirt and hurt of the poor. It’s much harder—and much more needful—to pry under that dirt and reveal the beauty and dignity of people that, but for their birth into a place and circumstance different from our own, are just like ourselves. I want my images to tell the story of those people and to move us beyond pity to justice and mercy.
Dan Shechtman|Outside of the family, education is the greatest determinant of social mobility.
Edgar Allan Poe|It is by no means an irrational fancy that, in a future existence, we shall look upon what we think our present existence, as a dream.
Thomas a Kempis|Seldom, very seldom, does complete truth belong to any human disclosure; seldom can it happen that something is not a little disguised, or a little mistaken.
Christopher L. Hayes, Twilight of the Elites: America After Meritocracy|Am I sitting here now, months later, in Los Angeles, writing all this down, because I want my life to matter? Maybe so. But I don't want it to matter more than others. I want to remember, or to learn, how to live as if it matters, as if they all matter, even if they don't.
Gian Kumar|I can understand, he said, that many people, many perfectly ordinary people, have an interesting story to tell. No one's experience of life is valueless.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Most important thing in life is family,Without them you are nothing.Whatever you do will be worth nothing,If there is no one to appreciate it.
Tom DeMarco, Slack: Getting Past Burnout, Busywork, and the Myth of Total Efficiency|Any vigorous competition will entail at least two elements: offense and defense. Offense is the effort you put into scoring against your opponents, and defense is the effort you apply to stop them from scoring against you. Those who suggest that "a little healthy competition can't hurt" are thinking only of the offense part....The offense component of internal competition is problematic, but the defense component is always injurious. When peer managers play defense against each other (try to stop each other from scoring), they are engaging in anticooperation.
C.J. Redwine, Deliverance|Thank you for telling me fairy tales, but also for teaching me how to face the battle I'd need to win in real life.
Judith Jamison, Dancing Spirit: An Autobiography|When it's finals week and you've been studying for five hours straight, you need three things to get you through the nigh.The biggest Slurpee you can find,half cherry half Coke.Pajama pants, the kind that have been washed so many times they are tissue-paper thin. And finally,dace breaks.Lots of dance breaks.
Dipika Agarwal, The Better Side - 16 Positive Attributes To Lead A Better Life|We have to become vast, only then we can succeed;but we confine our thinking ability most of the times
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|No one loves us here, let’s go to Mars.
John Green|Why is being a nerd bad? Saying I notice you’re a nerd is like saying, ‘Hey, I notice that you’d rather be intelligent than be stupid, that you’d rather be thoughtful than be vapid, that you believe that there are things that matter more than the arrest record of Linsey Lohan. Why is that?
Edward W. Robertson, The Silver Thief|I have learned that if you have something to say, say it regardless, no matter what the outcome is, it will serve you, eventually.
Clayton M. Christensen|Things are continually beginning again; they’re never really resolved, you know. They are only resolved temporarily. We live in a society that peddles solutions, whether it’s solutions to those extra pounds you’re carrying, or to your thinning hair, or to your loss of appetite, loss of love. We are always looking for solutions, but actually what we are engaged in is a process throughout life during which you never get it right. You have to keep being open, you have to keep moving forward. You have to keep finding out who you are and how you are changing, and only that makes life tolerable.
Irving Kirsch, The Emperor's New Drugs: Exploding the Antidepressant Myth|No man can keep a secret. If his lips are silent, he chatters with his fingertips.
Maya Angelou|I don't trust people who don't love themselves and tell me, 'I love you.' ... There is an African saying which is: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt.
Stephen L. Carter|Even if everybody is looking at the same light bulb, the unique composition of an individual will dictate how they interpret and see things. Some people will only see things with their left eye (mind/moon), while others will use only their right (heart/sun). Some people are completely void of light and repel it immediately. For instance, a beetle will chase after an opening of light, while a cockroach will scatter at a crack of it. How are we different than the insects? Nobody is purely good or purely evil. Most of us are in-between. There are moths that explore the day and butterflies that play at night. Polarity is an integral part of nature — human or not human.
David Guterson, Snow Falling on Cedars|To deny that there was this dark side of life would be like pretending that the cold of winter was somehow only a temporary illusion, a way station on the way to the higher "reality" of long, warm, pleasant summers. But summer, it turned out, was no more real than the snow that melted in wintertime.
Lauren Lola, A Moment's Worth|It’s all short, sweet and simple, but it’s all a moment’s worth.
Daniel José Older|Finally, there are assuredly diversities of gifts pertaining to diverse breeds of men; and unless we are all reduced to the dull dead level of socialism, and perhaps even in that case, for the sake of relief, we shall continue to stand in need of all these gifts. Let us hope, then, that blue eyes, as well as brown eyes, will continue to beam on our descendants, and that heads will never come to be framed all upon one and the same pattern.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Satan has slaughtered, plundered, and bludgeoned his way through the centuries, manifesting himself in every false ideology, sect, and cult.
Nikki Rowe|I think sometimes, despite our good intentions and wise choices, something's are up to fate and we learn to play our part the best we can.
Suzanne  Johnson, River Road|Strong hands slipped over her shoulders as Alex joined us, standing so close, I could feel his body heat radiating up my back….He squeezed my shoulders a little hard for it to be a show of solidarity. I’d probably have bruises. He was marking his territory.
Tammy Faith, Healing Love|I always think everybody has only one major heartbreak in their life. If you think you've had two, you can't have. The big one just musn't have happened to you yet - so watch your back. If you'd had it, you wouldn't mistake it for anything else.
Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road|Yes, one whose faith is continually stimulated by the upward look gives no ground to the attempted encroachment of despair. No matter how great the trouble or how dark the outlook, a quick lifting of the heart to God in a moment of real actual faith in him will completely alter any situation and turn the darkness of midnight into glorious sunrise.
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|If ever in pain, I think the best thing we can do is to create something.
Robert Pinsky|I think the first time I really heard poetry was in the schoolyard. Just the little limericks that kids say when they're jumping rope and playing games. I think that's the first time I heard rhyming words - I don't know if I'd call that the definitive poetry, but that's when I heard rhyming words said and not necessarily sung.
Terence McKenna|I swoon into a standing eight count. Goddamn, I actually feel my consciousness want to detach and hide like a turtle retreating into a hopelessly soft shell that won't save anyone.
Nicholas Wiseman|Depend upon it, he who wishes to win the prize must come on the principle that two and two make four.
Rain|For me, it's always a failure of the imagination. I have that anxiety that time is passing, that everything is ultimately fleeting and impermanent. I better take advantage of every single moment.
Chris Christie|Knowing what to expect from a teacher is a really good thing, of course: It lets you get the right answers more quickly than you would otherwise.
Dave Brenner|Friends are the most important part of your life. Treasure the tears, treasure the laughter, but most importantly, treasure the memories.
Joseph McGinnis, This Shadow Follows Me|My mother picked me up in her arms, touching my checks comforting my distress. I stared into her eyes and held her hair in my small hands, for the first time realizing what a moment in time meant. I touched her cheek and then looked away, knowing this was the truth to life, and there was nothing I could do about it. The truth that her death would one day occur made me realize that I never wanted her to leave my side. It was something I could not control, something no one could ever stop no matter how strong they were.
Akilnathan Logeswaran|As long as you believe it is impossible, you close your mind to understanding it.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|I felt a Funeral, in my Brain,And Mourners to and froKept treading – treading – till it seemedThat Sense was breaking through – And when they all were seated,A Service, like a Drum – Kept beating – beating – till I thoughtMy Mind was going numb – And then I heard them lift a BoxAnd creak across my SoulWith those same Boots of Lead, again,Then Space – began to toll,As all the Heavens were a Bell,And Being, but an Ear,And I, and Silence, some strange RaceWrecked, solitary, here – And then a Plank in Reason, broke,And I dropped down, and down – And hit a World, at every plunge,And Finished knowing – then –
Imania Margria, Secrets of My Heart|When hope seems like a faded memory, remember love and hope will return stronger than ever.
|If you are yet to cross the victory lines of your endeavors, you definitely haven't done your best. There will always more left in you to give to your goals and dreams.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life|Practicing mindfulness enables us to become a real person. When we are a real person, we see real people around us, and life is present in all its richness.
Clive Cussler|Of all the roles she’d played – daughter, student, employee, sister and wife – wife was the smallest and in proportion the most difficult, as though it had run out of steam with its own scale. The word ‘wife’ was too small to accommodate its responsibility.
Mary J. Williams, If Tomorrow Never Comes|Maybe he dates girls in Denver when he goes there for business but he never asks out girls around here. I think he's simply there for looks."	The same could be said for Lindsey's ex, Hopper. He had been good for looking at but not much else. "That might work for a little while," Lindsey said, "but I prefer my men fully functional."	Holly's gaze locked on something behind Lindsey. Her hazel eyes widened and her lips formed an 'O'. She tipped her head forward, prompting Lindsey to turn and look ... straight into the eyes of Carden Crenshaw.
Bill Konigsberg, Openly Straight|Think a thousand times when you get a bad though, but not once when you get a good one.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|One’s email address serves as an identity online and speaks volumes about a person; it may be telling potential clients, partners or employers a whole lot about you: to be hired or fired. Unfortunately most send negative signals, indicating that: you are not a serious person - you are immature - Unprofessional, - Uncouth. etc. Take a look at your email address again today, get professional, be ethical, respectful, be admirable
Fernando Pessoa|I am nothing.I'll never be anything.I couldn't want to be something.Apart from that, I have in me all the dreams in the world.
Stormy Smith, Bound by Duty|Your heart is yours to give, it is no ones to take. Not a queen. Not a prince. No one.
Sunday Adelaja|When God created us, He breathed in us the Spirit of Life and put all that we need to make us great on this earth in us
Hal Duncan, Rhapsody: Notes on Strange Fictions|I likes me some ‘Shit Blows Up’ fiction, don’t get me wrong.
George Saunders, The Braindead Megaphone|The novella will be called, I think, “The Messiah of Stockholm.” It takes place in Stockholm. I’d better say no more, or the Muse will wipe it out.
