Ashly Lorenzana|If you're going to do something, strive to do it better than anyone else. Do it all the way. If you're going to half-ass it, why bother?
Margaret Coel, The Eagle Catcher|[Faith] was something other than an intellectual exercise. There were no words, no lofty concepts, that could take away the pain. Faith was living with the pain.
Dale Carnegie, How to Win Friends and Influence People|Actions speak louder than words, and a smile says, ‘I like you. You make me happy. I am glad to see you.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Deity|We had and incident. I took care of it.""Really." Jace's voice dripped sarcasm. "Do you even know how to use that knife, Clarissa? Without poking a hole in yourself or any innocent bystanders?
Josh Turner|I'll always be into sports. Sports is part of my life forever. My TV stays on ESPN all day long, I'm one of those. I don't even listen to music in the car; all I listen to is sports talk.
Sunday Adelaja|Somewhat, lawbreakers are lawmakers for they give lawmakers real reasons to make and strengthen laws
Steven Johnson, Where Good Ideas Come From: The Natural History of Innovation|Legendary innovators like Franklin, Snow, and Darwin all possess some common intellectual qualities—a certain quickness of mind, unbounded curiosity—but they also share one other defining attribute. They have a lot of hobbies.
Austin Kleon|If you just mimic the surface of somebody’s work without understanding where they are coming from, your work will never be anything more than a knockoff.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|Without them, one’s status as an adult is never secure; a childless adult creates adulthood for himself , and as exhilarating as it often is, it is also a state of perpetual insecurity
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|Due to our act of Personal Irresponsibility, illegal businesses are set-up, our neighbourhoods are not secured and the economy directly and indirectly takes a big hit. The government alone cannot be blamed for this, because this is our neighbourhood and if we cannot take care of our immediate surroundings, then we are clearly not carrying out our responsibilities and we don’t have any business blaming someone else.
Daniel C. Dennett, Darwin's Dangerous Idea: Evolution and the Meanings of Life|Huxley: "Tell me something Bryce, do you know the difference between a Jersey, a Guernsey, a Holstein, and an Ayershire?"Bryce: "No."Huxley: "Seabags Brown does."Bryce: "I don't see what that has to do..."Huxley: "What do you know about Gaelic history?"Bryce: "Not much."Huxley: "Then why don't you sit down one day with Gunner McQuade. He is an expert. Speaks the language, too."Bryce: "I don't..."Huxley: " What do you know about astronomy?"Bryce: "A little."Huxley: "Discuss it with Wellman, he held a fellowship." Bryce: "This is most puzzling."Huxley: "What about Homer, ever read Homer?"Bryce: "Of course I've read Homer."Huxley: "In the original Greek?"Bryce: "No"Huxley: "Then chat with Pfc. Hodgkiss. Loves to read the ancient Greek."Bryce: "Would you kindly get to the point?"Huxley: "The point is this, Bryce. What makes you think you are so goddam superior? Who gave you the bright idea that you had a corner on the world's knowledge? There are privates in this battalion who can piss more brains down a slit trench then you'll ever have. You're the most pretentious, egotistical individual I've ever encountered. Your superiority complex reeks. I've seen the way you treat men, like a big strutting peacock. Why, you've had them do everything but wipe your ass.
Terry Pratchett|It's rude to stare," said the troll. Its mouth opened with a little crest of foam, and shut again in exactly the same way that water closes over a stone. "Is it? Why?" asked Rincewind. How does he hold himself together, his mind screamed at him. Why doesn't he spill?
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|How can days and happenings and moments so good become so quickly ugly, and for no reason, for no real reason? Just - change.With nothing causing it.
Gabrielle Zevin, The Storied Life of A.J. Fikry|The words you can't find, you borrow.
John Piper, This Momentary Marriage: A Parable of Permanence|Headship is the divine calling of a husband to take primary responsibility for Christ-like, servant leadership, protection, and provision in the home.
Shahida Arabi, Becoming the Narcissist's Nightmare: How to Devalue and Discard the Narcissist While Supplying Yourself|Dissociation leaves us disconnected from our memories, our identities and our emotions. It breaks the trauma into digestible components, so that different aspects of the trauma get stored in different compartments in our brain. What happens as a result is that the information from the trauma becomes disorganized and we are not able to integrate these pieces into a coherent narrative and process trauma fully until, hopefully, with the help of a validating, trauma-informed counselor who guides us to the appropriate therapies best suited to our needs, we confront the trauma and triggers in a safe place.
Mehmet Murat ildan|We were a different kind of Christian, the quiet, reasonable kind, a breed embarrassed by the mention of miracles.
Sunday Adelaja|The former time is the time of gloom and darkness, but the later time is a time of the redemption and the mercy of God
Rohit Gore, A Darker Dawn|The three flower shops were obliterated. The petals of the once-dewy flowers and their sellers' flesh burnt together. The people reacted and, unlike the birds, they did not react in unison. They ran towards the narrow streets near the masjid, trampling over the old and limping beggars. They pushed and shoved and cursed and cried. The birds circled in the air, pitying the humans who had lost their humanity.
David Ben-Gurion|I not only use all the brains that I have, but all that I can borrow.
Jennifer Donnelly|DNA tells you all the secrets of life,’ he used to say. Except for one—how to live it.
Craig  Stone, Life Knocks|The roadmap to a rich, rewarding life is to follow your passion, to be willing to deviate, to never dull to the dawn of a new day and all of the possibilities it holds for adventure and discovery.
Terry Pratchett|Sometimes you feel awkward being what you're best at, you feel like you have to be something new.
Edna Ferber|Only amateurs say that they write for their own amusement. Writing is not an amusing occupation. It is a combination of ditch-digging, mountain-climbing, treadmill and childbirth. Writing may be interesting, absorbing, exhilarating, racking, relieving. But amusing? Never!
Dan Ariely, Predictably Irrational: The Hidden Forces That Shape Our Decisions|Ownership is not limited to material things. It can also apply to points of view. Once we take ownership of an idea — whether it’s about politics or sports — what do we do? We love it perhaps more than we should. We prize it more than it is worth. And most frequently, we have trouble letting go of it because we can’t stand the idea of its loss. What are we left with then? An ideology — rigid and unyielding.
Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt|Note to self," Joel commented. "When you go into Arious it's a 'no touchee, no zappee' situation! Paelen tapped Emily. "I suggest we try it again, just so I can see Joel's face when he gets zapped!" "Let's not, but say we did," Emily said.
Tamora Pierce (Author)|I’m not sure this is what we bargained for, boy. We expected the girl to be attractive.”If I hadn’t been so terrified, I would have been insulted.
Gemma Liviero, Broken Angels|She never indulged in self-pity, nor did she point the finger of blame for her misfortunes. Her heart was clear of bitterness. I believe that if a person’s strength of character is measured at the end of his or her life, it is by these qualities—qualities that allow a life to be lived, free of those restraints we place upon ourselves.
Elle Casey, The Changelings|It's amazing", he whispered, "to know that my purpose in life is sitting in front of me.
Loretta Graziano Breuning, Habits of a Happy Brain: Retrain Your Brain to Boost Your Serotonin, Dopamine, Oxytocin,  Endorphin Levels|When a monkey loses a banana to a rival, he feels bad, but he doesn't expand the problem by thinking about it over and over. He looks for another banana. He ends up feeling rewarded rather than harmed. Humans use their extra neurons to construct theories about bananas and end up constructing pain.
Solange nicole|There was one slight, desperate chance, and that I decided I must take--it was for Dejah Thoris, and no man has lived who would not risk a thousand deaths for such as she.
Michael Grant, Light (Gone Series, #6)|But first things first. First, to escape this shell, this egg in which I have gestated, all eyes will be on the fire, all eyes blinded by the smoke, and when I walk out of here, out into your large world with its billions, no one will even see. It's the beauty of light, don't you see, Sam? It reveals, but it also distracts and blinds. It's even better than darkness. (Chapter Twenty-Seven | 1 Hour, 29 Minutes)
Serj Tankian|I think music has the ability to inspire people and to change hearts, and the heart has the power to change the mind, and the mind has the power to change the world.
Ellen Gilchrist, The Writing Life|On weekdays, as soon as she picked Bela from the bus stop and brought her home, she went straight into the kitchen, washing up the morning dishes she'd ignored, then getting dinner started. She measured out the nightly cup of rice, letting it soak in a pan on the counter. She peeled onions and potatoes and picked through lentils and prepared another night's dinner, then fed Bela. She was never able to understand why this relatively unchallenging set of chores felt so relentless. When she was finished, she did not understand why they had depleted her
M.M. Bennetts|I want to... have fun with writing again. Enjoy my work, enjoy playing with the language and characters like a sculptor plays with clay. But there's this manic focus on numbers--how many books have you written and how many have you sold and it's all push, push, push, and no time for reflection--but at heart, books are about dreaming... which is just the opposite. So I don't know... M.M. Bennetts comment to Nancy Bilyeau as related in Nancy's tribute "M.M. Bennetts: The Closest Friend I Never Met
Marty Rubin|I've come to the conclusion that liking a person we are required to have dealings with is not of paramount importance. But respect is crucial, on both sides, as is tolerance, and a depth of understanding of those influences that sculpt a character.
Erin O'Riordan, Cut|My mother. I don't think too harshly of her. I know she did all she could not to have me, except of course the one thing, and if she never succeeded in getting me unstuck, it was that fate had earmarked me for less compassionate sewers.
Picabo Street|Books that distribute things... with as daring a freedom as we use in dreams, put us on our feet again.
Henry Morton Robinson, The Cardinal|You do not want to live in a country ruled by people who never have any doubts. To have doubts is human. A horse has no doubts, a grasshopper has no doubts, an ant has no doubts. But a human being stops to think sometimes, and when he thinks, he hears a voice asking quietly, 'Are you certain that you are right? You must be certain before you pull that trigger. You must be certain before you put your knife to that man's throat.'Would God have given us the power to question if he wanted us to behave like grasshoppers and ants? I am sure God takes pleasure in all the creatures of the world, but I am also sure that his greatest pleasure is a human being who puts his knife away because he is not sure, because a doubt has come into his mind.
Miles Anthony Smith, Why Leadership Sucks™ Volume 2: The Pain, Pitfalls, and Challenges of Servant Leadership Fundamentals|Leaders bring things to conclusion, not necessarily consensus.
Anthony de Mello|Valor grows by daring, fear by holding back.
Hiroko Sakai|If somebody tells me what to do, I will do my best not to do it.
Gracia Hunter|For such people, finding a mate is like scoring a goal. You have to develop skills like talking cheesy, praising generously, and targeting properly. They are unable to see the opposite person as a human being. All they focus upon is their own strategy and tactics. For them, all the people on the opposite team are alike - except for looks, education and career.
Barbara Marciniak, Family of Light: Pleiadian Tales and Lessons in Living|The history of your world is filled with the voice of the victor, the voice of power, although it was not always a voice of sanity, by any means.
Jane Green|Life is all about the friendship and the love and the music. It sounds silly, but it is. I want to have that experience as much as I can as an adult, not as a kid doing something that people are telling her she has to do. If anyone gets in my way, I'm going to get them out of my way.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|I am the only one of us who brings in any money. the other two cannot make money fortune telling. this is because they only tell the truth, and the truth is not what people want to hear. it is a bad thing and it troubles people, so they do not come back.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|Batman doesn’t want a baby in order to feel he’s ‘done everything’. He’s just saved Gotham again! If this means that Batman must be a feminist role model above, say, Nicola Horlick, then so be it.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|They were all Fae, yet not fully Fae. They were among the rarest of all the Elder Races. In modern-day slang, they were “triple threats,” creatures with the blood of three different races flowing through their veins. The strongest, most magical – the most tainted.	The Fae of the Light Court called them ‘abomination.’	Nikolas called them brothers.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|If we get our very identity, our sense of worth, from our political position, then politics is not really about, it is about US. Through our cause we are getting a self, our worth. That means we MUST despise and demonize the opposition. If we get our identity from our ethnicity or socioeconomic status, then we HAVE to feel superior to those of other classes and races. If you are profoundly proud of being an open-minded, tolerant soul, you will be extremely indignant toward people you think are bigots. If you are a very moral person, you will feel superior to people you think are licentious. And so on.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|However, what I do believe to genuinely sacred - and, indeed, more useful to the earth as a whole - is trying to ensure that there are as few unbalanced, destructive people as possible. By whatever rationale you use, ending a pregnancy 12 weeks into gestation is incalculably more moral than bringing an unwanted child into this world. It's those unhappy, unwanted children, who then grew into angry adults, who have caused the great majority of humankind's miseries. They are the ones who make states feel feral; streets dangerous; relationships violent.
Susan May Warren, It Had to Be You|It's a mother's greatest privilege to give birth, to raise a child. But a woman's greatest honor is to look at her son with pride and know that she's helped him become a man.
Shakuita Johnson, Dark Indiscretions|It was the discovery of the quantum universe that changed everything, and that universe was so small and so dynamic that it could not be observed directly. Trying to explain their insights, scientists looked at the language of mysticism. At the subatomic level, the parallels between quantum reality and mysticism were striking. For example, the behavior of light: in some contexts it acted like a wave, in others like a particle. Could it be both? Physicists had no concept for grasping this, so they dispensed with Western logic and embraced paradox. (This is important, too, for the notion of vampires being both living and dead.)
Dianna Hardy, The Witching Pen|He took the pen and book from her and faltered.“Just write anything – anything trivial that won't matter if it comes to pass.”“Erm...” God, he was useless at this.Elena's hair turned blue.“Hey!”“What?”“I don't want blue hair! What the hell did you write that for?”“It seemed trivial.”“Blue hair – blue? That's trivial? What if I can't undo it?”Karl stared at her blankly. His throat went dry. He felt like a total dickhead, but writing really wasn't his strong point, so he went for humour instead and flashed her a grin.“I was going to write that all your clothes fall off, but figured you may have a problem with that. This was the second thing that came to mind.”(Karl and Elena)
James A. Kitchens|Most of us go through each day looking for what we saw yesterday And, not surprisingly, that is what we find.
David Wong, Futuristic Violence and Fancy Suits|They call it kintsugi. The pot is shattered, then carefully reassembled with a resin mixed with gold. It symbolizes how we must incorporate our wounds into who we are, rather than try to merely repair and forget them.
Steven Magee|We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. — That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, — That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. ... But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security...
R.A.Lucas|As long as Nelson was socked into baseball statistics or that guitar or even the rock records that threaded their sound through all the fibers of the house, his occupation of the room down the hall was no more uncomfortable than the persistence of Rabbit's own childhood in an annex of his brain; but when the stuff with hormones and girls and cars and beers began, Harry wanted out of fatherhood.
G.S. Jennsen, Vertigo|If we try to resolve terrorism with military might and nothing else, then we will be no safer than we were before 9/11. If we truly want a legacy of peace for our children, we need to understand that this is a war that will ultimately be won with books, not with bombs.
D. B. Sweeney|Part of filmmaking is always a guessing game, and part of it is always a game of trust.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|It was something, what must go through men's mind where women were concerned, to cause them to behave so strangely.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|In a word, it was impossible for me to separate her, in the past or in the present, from the innermost life of my life.
Florida Scott-Maxwell, The Measure of My Days|Life does not accommodate you; it shatters you. Every seed destroys its container, or else there would be no fruition.
James C. Dobson|Sin has invaded God's creation, and we live now in a fallen world.
Cornell Woolrich, Night and Fear: A Centenary Collection of Stories by Cornell Woolrich|The whole of Paris was lit up. The tiny dancing flames had bespangled the sea of darkness from end to end of the horizon, and now, like millions of stars, they burned with a steady light in the serene summer night. There was no breath of wind to make them flicker as they hung there in space. They made the unseen city seem as vast as a firmament, reaching out into infinity.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Book of Love: Poems of Ecstasy and Longing|So we gave the afternoon some sanity after all and I wonder, Uncle Andrew, is life sane, as we tried to make it? Or is it insanity, as it was yesterday on the Gerard plantation? And why don't more people try to make it sane?Or if it is full of sanity for them, why do they try to rip that sanity to pieces and impose their form of insanity? Can you help me understand?
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|How can you tell? That I like books, I mean.The look on your face when you walked in, somehow I doubted you were that impressed by me.
Baltasar Gracian|I like my life alone. I mean, I love being with friends, and I love kissing and loving someone to pieces. But it's hard to find someone who doesn't ultimately start judging you and your choices.
Rosario Dawson|I think probably - I think, you know, when you're first dating somebody, if they're just not that physical with you, if they don't want to make concrete plans with you, you know, if they're sort of ambiguous about where everything is going, I think that's a pretty good sign that they're not into you.
Stephen Richards, Releasing You From The Past: Healing Past Hurt Through Forgiveness|When you initially forgive, it is like letting go of a hot iron. There is initial pain and the scars will show, but you can start living again.
Willa Cather, My Ántonia|March came in that winter like the meekest and mildest of lambs, bringing days that were crisp and golden and tingling, each followed by a frosty pink twilight which gradually lost itself in an elfland of moonshine.
Michael Bassey Johnson|That obstinate sense of independence was the biggest challenge I face in building my little house (that, and not always knowing what I was doing). I was stubborn in the way I hated to ask for help. Some people are good at it, asking friends or their husbands to collect ginger ale and crackers at the grocery because they feel nauseous, or standing on the side of the road with a tire iron in one hand, hoping someone will stop to change their flat tire. I'm not like that; I'd rather have a rough stick dragged across my gums than walk to the neighbor's house to borrow sugar or ask for help jump-starting my car.
Jeffrey Rasley|To prepare for the mountains develop mind, body, will and spirit as strong as a sword, soft as a pillow and fluid as water.
Sonja Yoerg, The Middle of Somewhere|Definitions from Mulla Do-PiazaTruthful man:He who is, secretly, regarded by everyone as an enemy.
Adrienne Rich, The Dream of a Common Language|I choose to love this time for oncewith all my intelligence-from "Splittings
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|Fidel Castro, who always enjoyed sports, promoted programs that helped Cuba become a front-runner in Latin America. The island nation fields outstanding baseball, soccer, basketball and volleyball teams. It also excels in amateur boxing. Believing that sports should be available for everyone, not just the privileged few, the phrase “Sports for all” is a motto frequently used. When Castro took power, he abolished all professional sports. Only amateur baseball has been played in Cuba since 1961.An unexpected consequence of this initiative was that many players discovered that they could get much better deals if they left Cuba. As an attempt to prevent this, Fidel forbade players from playing abroad and if they did leave the island, he would prevent their families from joining them.Originally, many Cuban baseball players played for teams in the American Negro league. This ended when Jackie Robinson was allowed to play with the Brooklyn Dodgers during the late 1940’s. Afterwards, all Cuban baseball players played for the regular leagues regardless of their race. The Negro National League ceased after the 1948 season, and the last All-Star game was held in 1962. The Indianapolis Clowns were the last remaining Negro/Latin league team and played until 1966.Cuban players with greater skill joined the Major League Baseball (MLB) teams. If they defected to the United States directly, they had to enter the MLB Draft. However, if they first defected to another country they could become free agents. Knowing this, many came to the United States via Mexico.In all, about 84 players have defected from Cuba since the Revolution. The largest contract ever given to a defector from Cuba was to Rusney Castillo. In 2014, the outfielder negotiated a seven-year contract with the Boston Red Sox for $72.5 million.Starting in 1999, about 21 Cuban soccer players have defected to the United States. The Cuban government considers these defectors as disloyal and treats their families with disrespect, even banning them from taking part in national sports.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|The tension has worn us out. It is a deadly tension that feels as if a jagged knife blade is being scraped along the spine. Our legs won't function, our hands are trembling and our bodies are like thin membranes stretched over barely repressed madness, holding in what would otherwise be an unrestrained outburst of endless scream.s. We have no flesh, no muscle now
Lynne Viola, Peasant Rebels Under Stalin: Collectivization and the Culture of Peasant Resistance|Communism is as crude an attempt to explain society and the individual as if a surgeon were to perform his delicate operations with a meat ax. All that is subtle in human psychology and in the structure of society (which is even more complex), all of this is reduced to crude economic processes. The whole created being—man—is reduced to matter. It is characteristic that Communism is so devoid of arguments that it has none to advance against its opponents in our Communist countries. It lacks arguments and hence there is the club, the prison, the concentration camp, and insane asylums with forced confinement.
Anaïs Nin|People are wonderful. Each one has a story, each something to give, each knows something interesting, something that can make your life richer.
bell hooks|No wonder then that men who cared, who were open to change, often just gave up, falling back on the patriarchal masculinity they found so problematic. The individual men who did take on the mantle of a feminist notion of male liberation did so only to find that few women respected this shift. Once the 'new man' that is the man changed by feminism was represented as a wimp, as overcooked broccoli dominated by powerful females who were secretly longing for his macho counterpart, masses of men lost interest.
Sarah Michelle Lynch, Tainted Lovers|I drift through forests in my dreams, I swim the lake I imagine for myself when I’m sad. It’s so blue and clear. I scoop some water into my hands as I tread water and I can see right through it, almost as if it’s air. Tiny, luminescent fish live at the bottom of the pool and wink at me as I swim naked and free above them, my hair spilling out around me.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Given the choice between one lifetime spent with you or a thousand without, I will always choose you.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When we constantly meditate on another's faults, it is because we are neglecting our own unhealed wounds.
Richard Ford, The Sportswriter|Let's just enjoy it for ourselves. Dawn is such a private hour, don't you think? Such a solitary hour. One always hears that said of midnight, but I think of midnight as remarkably companionable—everyone together, sleeping in the dark.''I am afraid I am interrupting your solitude,' Anna
C.S. Lewis|I would rather be what God chose to make me than the most glorious creature that I could think of; for to have been born in God's thought, and then made by God is the dearest, grandest, and most precious thing in all thinking."This is a prayer of contentment
Charles M. Schulz, Charles M. Schulz: Conversations|I used to have more tolerance for these views, but I am losing patience with what I see. The test of anything is the fruit it bears. I see no good fruit being born.
Randy Gage, Mad Genius: A Manifesto for Entrepreneurs|Your lies tells me as much about you, as do your truths.
Sarah Salem, Twisted Forms of Love|I am a very unhappy human being and you, dearest, simply had to be summoned to create an equilibrium for all this misery.
Shannon Celebi, Small Town Demons|Using one’s beauty was the only way a smart girl could get by, at least that’s how it was back then, though even for a smart girl there were really only three professions. You could be a nurse or a teacher or a wife.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|There is something in us, as storytellers and as listeners to stories, that demands the redemptive act, that demands that what falls at least be offered the chance to be restored. The reader of today looks for this motion, and rightly so, but what he has forgotten is the cost of it. His sense of evil is diluted or lacking altogether, and so he has forgotten the price of restoration. When he reads a novel, he wants either his sense tormented or his spirits raised. He wants to be transported, instantly, either to mock damnation or a mock innocence.
R.G. Risch, Beyond Mars: Crimson Fleet|I have seen human beings who have forged "intellectual" armor to shield themselves from adversity. They seemed stronger than most. They said, "I couldn't care less," and laughed at everything, but when adversity managed to pierce their armor, it caused terrible damage.I have seen human beings suffer from the slightest adversity, the slightest annoyance, but still remain open-minded and sensitive to everything, learning something from each attack.
Anna-Marie McLemore, When the Moon Was Ours|I set the coffee aside and got a cup of water instead. I could never see why people drank that stuff. It tasted like soil boiled in mud, wit a topping of dirt.
Warren W. Wiersbe|Truth without love is brutality, and love without truth is hypocrisy.
Laura Kipnis, The Female Thing: Dirt, Sex, Envy, Vulnerability|As if all that weren't enough, factor in the whole tedious millenial saga of female virtue, modesty, shame, repression, male ineptitude...in short, a cruel combo of anatomical inheritance and sexual inhibition for the gal set; a nature-culture one-two punch, right to the female pleasure principle.
RVM|When Passion meets Inspiration, an Obsession is born.
Adam Rickitt|There is no quick fix for illegal immigration. But only when we achieve better control of our borders and better respect for our immigration laws can we give meaning to the discussion we need to have over reforming the numbers, categories, and procedures for legal immigration into the United States.
Adam Schiff|President Roosevelt's leadership put the world on notice that the United States of America - with the freest, most dynamic economy the world had ever seen - was open for business.
Giada De Laurentiis|If I'm about to forget my kid's birthday, I want the phone to scream at me until I do something about it.
Lake Bell|Hollywood is like a really sad, grown up version of high school where people get labeled as 'cool,' 'not cool,' 'jock,' 'bombshell,' 'quirky'... it's like a caste system. You're either in, or you're out.
Ashley Earley, Alone in Paris|I take in all the colorful locks that line the bridge. Each one told a story. Each lock represented a relationship that was once special, whether it ended or turned into true happiness. The locks represented a past, present, and a possible future.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|Motherhood is a Sisyphean task. You finish sewing one seam shut, and another rips open. I have come to believe that this life I'm wearing will never really fit.
Edith Wharton, Old New York: Four Novellas|When you feel life's slow, run !
Kate Mullane Robertson|I will not hesitate.I will not hang back.I will go and offer my heart, for it is what I have to give...
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|She would fill the world with it, with her light-her gift. She would light up the darkness, so brightly that all who were lost or wounded or broken would find their way to it, a beacon for those who still dwelled in that abyss. It would not take a monster to destroy a monster-but light, light to drive out the darkness.She was not afraid.
Jackie Kay, Wish I Was Here|I never found myself alone, because of my mother.
Jeff Lindsay, Darkly Dreaming Dexter|Quirky, funny, happy-go-lucky dead inside Dexter. No longer Dexter with the knife, Dexter the Avenger. Not until next time.
John Paul II|Real peace is not just a matter of structures and mechanisms. It rests above all on the adoption of a style of human coexistence marked by mutual acceptance and a capacity to forgive from the heart. We all need to be forgiven by others, so we must all be ready to forgive. Asking and granting forgiveness is something profoundly worthy of every one of us,
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Usually the term phobia refers to the psychological fear of the human mind from something that poses a threat. But when a species starts using the term fear against a biological portion of itself, there is nothing more demeaning than this.
Shel Silverstein|A BOAT beneath a sunny sky,Lingering onward dreamilyIn an evening of July —Children three that nestle near,Eager eye and willing ear,Pleased a simple tale to hear —Long has paled that sunny sky:Echoes fade and memories die:Autumn frosts have slain July.Still she haunts me, phantomwise,Alice moving under skiesNever seen by waking eyes.Children yet, the tale to hear,Eager eye and willing ear,Lovingly shall nestle near.In a Wonderland they lie,Dreaming as the days go by,Dreaming as the summers die:Ever drifting down the stream —Lingering in the golden gleam —Life, what is it but a dream?
Balroop Singh|Positive thoughts multiply, They bring their own images of joy Which erase dark shadows, Bring happiness.
Chelsea Handler|Romantic love came under attack, first from the Freudians and then from the neuroscientists, who said that being in love was a chemical reaction in the brain. Marriage is no longer seen as a lifetime commitment.
Maira Kalman|I really wouldn't want to live in America. I found New York claustrophobic and dirty. I missed England when I was there, simple things like smells and the British sense of humor.
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|He saw with sorrow that hers was a life he could step right into and keep working at hard from tonight until death. If he allowed himself to ponder it for a minute, he saw all the world hanging over the girl like the deadfall to a trap, ready to drop and crush.
Christine Lahti|Every age, after all, must have its own aisling and dream of a better, kinder, happier, shared world.
Debasish Mridha|Anger and resentment are the cancer of our mind. To be cured, inject love in your heart and be kind.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|People with inferiority intentions do not go after their dreams not because they can't go; but because their passion is not strong enough to turn the wheels of success...and there they go, becoming losers, defeated by their obstacles!
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|Once started, love couldn't easily be stopped.
Matt Wallace, Envy of Angels|I can catch demons but people cry when I do that. And then I'm blamed for trying to control them. How convenient that the excuse of someone trapped in hell is that I'm manipulating her into getting out of it. That's how they see help, as an attack that must be defended at all cost. They can't see that their soul is in the hands of Satan already. He is the one instigating their fears and anger, as if they were just a puppet. They can't see that I pay a very heavy emotional, mental and physical price, every time I try to rescue one of the trapped souls, every time I love someone that doesn't know what love is anymore.
Soraya Diase Coffelt|Growing up, I loved the tale of Peter Rabbit and also books on Pippi Longstocking. Pippi was a girl who had so much fun and was very daring. My sons loved all the Dr. Seuss books
Dada Bhagwan|When they say that, ‘God takes avatar (reincarnates)’ is incorrect. He is known as an avatari when last two or three incarnations (before Moksha) remain. God does not have the ability at all to do karma! Man does not have that ability either. It is due to illusion that he feels ‘I did it’!
J.Z. Bingham, Piranhas Like S'mores|That's what it means to be a man. You do what you think is right, regardless of who it hurts, and whether it works out, because in the end you have to live with yourself.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Seeing your child for the first time is rarest of occasions. You see glimpses of yourself from the past. The potential of a brand new life happening right before your eyes. And most importantly, that life begins again.
Jeremiah Burroughs|A godly man in the midst of the waves and storms that he meets with can see the glory of heaven before him and so contents himself. One drop of the sweetness of heaven is enough to take away all the sourness and bitterness of all the afflictions in the world. We know that one drop of sourness, or one drop of gall will make bitter a great deal of it; but if you put a spoonful of gall into a cup of sugar, it will embitter that. Now it is otherwise in heaven: one drop of sweetness will sweeten a great deal of sour affliction, but a great deal of sourness and gall will not embitter a soul who sees the glory of heaven that is to come.
William Hazlitt|Gymnastics taught me everything - life lessons, responsibility and discipline and respect.
Loretta Livingstone|Cultivate a spirit of joy and praise. Not only will you light up your own heart, but the hearts of those around you.Always look for the good in people. In most cases you will find it.
Anthony Liccione|There's not the smallest orb which thou behold'stBut in his motion like an angel sings,Still quiring [making music] to the young-eyed cherubins; Such harmony is in immortal souls,But whilst this muddy vesture of decayDoth grossly close us in, we cannot hear it.
Edward O. Wilson, Consilience: The Unity of Knowledge|Jim Crow repeated the old strategies of the reptilian powers of the air: to convince human beings simultaneously and paradoxically that they are gods and animals. In the Garden, after all, the snake approached God's image-bearer, directing her as though he had dominion over her (when it was, in fact, the other way around). He treated her as an animal, and she didn't even see it. At the same time, the old dragon appealed to her to transcend the limits of her dignity. If she would reach for the forbidden, she would be "like God, knowing good and evil." He suggested that she was more than a human; she was a goddess.
Caliban Darklock|The more ethical and honest your business is, the harder it is to make money. And you have to understand this going in: when you start a business, being good and moral and ethical and, you know, legal… means you will make less money than someone who simply does not give a fuck.If you’re wondering where all this is going, the point to all this is to hammer into your skull the blunt reality that you and your new business are indistinguishable from the worst examples of the industry, and nobody cares.
Jason E. Hodges|As a writer, a poet, you’re not alone in wanting to be alone. Your work is a friendship that never leaves you.
Walter C. Kaiser Jr.|No one has greater love than this, to lay down one’s life for one’s friends (John 15:13)
Trisscar|I grew up listening to my mother scoff at all the T.V shows and books that I watched or read. She told me how it was all 'rubbish' and 'garbage'. But the thing is, I think somehow, watching along the show I also grew up. I know everyone says that, like when Good Luck Charlie ended everyone was upset and was like 'I grew up now its gone!' Or 'Aww. My childhood gone' But its not like that with me. I actually grow and learn more things about myself. And some of the shows or books I watched/read, motivated me. They were always there. So if that is the definition of 'rubbish' and 'garbage' than please. Cover me in filth.
Seth King, The Summer Remains|The spring rains woke the dormant tillers, and bright green shoots sprang from the moist earth and rose like sleepers stretching after a long nap. As spring gave way to summer, the bright green stalks darkened, became tan, turned golden brown. The days grew long and hot. Thick towers of swirling black clouds brought rain, and the brown stems glistened in the perpetual twilight that dwelled beneath the canopy. The wheat rose and the ripening heads bent in the prairie wind, a rippling curtain, an endless, undulating sea that stretched to the horizon.
George R.R. Martin|In light of all the gun violence in the USA, I'd prefer my democracy unleaded.
John Gregory Dunne|Writing is a manual labor of the mind: a job, like laying pipe.
Poet|You may have lost someone, but you’ve found something immeasurably more valuable: God,’ she told me. ‘And God’s love lasts forever.
Bart Starr|The difficult thing is that vulnerability is the first thing I look for in you and the last thing I'm willing to show you. In you, it's courage and daring. In me, it's weakness.
Lee Trevino|Hurried and worried until we're buried, and there's no curtain call, Lifes a very funny proposition after all.
Nora Roberts, The Reef|You said we've got a new page. I figure I've got some say in what gets written on it. So I'm going to work on you. Last time around, you threw yourself at me.” “I did no such thing.”“Sure you did. But I can see I've got my work cut out for me this time. That's okay.” He skimmed his thumb over her knuckles before she jerked her hand free. “In fact, I think I'm going to enjoy it.”“I don't know why I waste my time trying to mend fences with you. You're as arrogant as you ever were.”“Just the way you like me, sweetheart.
Lisa Kleypas, Secrets of a Summer Night|Annabelle gave him a chiding smile. “If you’re implying that I’m spoiled, I assure you that I am not.”“You should be.” His warm gaze slid over her pink-tinted face and slender upper body, then sought hers again. There was a note in his voice that gently robbed her of breath. “You could do with a bit of spoiling.
Wendy McClure, The Wilder Life: My Adventures in the Lost World of Little House on the Prairie|Despite being what would now be called a deprived child in a one parent family, I did not grow up with an urge to smash windows or to bash old ladies over the head in order to steal handbags.
Patrick deWitt, The Sisters Brothers|I do not know what it was about that boy but just looking at him, even I wanted to clout him on the head. It was a head that invited violence.
Fredrik Backman, Beartown|Why Is It So Important to Remember?When you were abused, those around you acted as if it weren’t happening. Since no one else acknowledged the abuse, you sometimes felt that it wasn’t real. Because of this you felt confused. You couldn’t trust your own experience and perceptions. Moreover, others’ denial led you to suppress your memories, thus further obscuring the issue.You can end your own denial by remembering. Allowing yourself to remember is a way of confirming in your own mind that you didn’t just imagine it. Because the person who abused you did not acknowledge your pain, you may have also thought that perhaps it wasn’t as bad as you felt it was. In order to acknowledge to yourself that it really was that bad, you need to remember as much detail as possible. Because by denying what happened to you, you are doing to yourself exactly what others have done to you in the past: You are negating and denying yourself.
Elfriede Jelinek, The Piano Teacher|No art can possibly comfort HER then, even though art is credited with so many things, especially an ability to offer solace. Sometimes, of course, art creates the suffering in the first place.
Santosh Adbhut Kumar|You appreciate or criticize people or things you care for, which are closed to your heart. Else who has time to think about devils!!!
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|When I left Queen's my future seemed to stretch out before me like a straight road. I thought I could see along it for many a milestone. Now there is a bend in it. I don't know what lies around the bend, but I am going to believe that the best does. It has a fascination of its own, that bend, Marilla. I wonder how the road beyond it goes - what there is of green glory and soft, checkered light and shadows - what new landscapes - what new beauties - what curves and hills and valleys farther on.
Bill Jensen|People should not have to sacrifice so much of their personal lives, hopes, dreams and goals just to keep up with corporate pressured morebetterfaster. And tomorrow’s workforce won’t.
Martin Cohen|In the lean approach, companies are taught that prices are set by the market and that one way to improve profit margin is to reduce costs. This thinking flies in the face of "cost plus" thinking, where we look first at our own costs and set prices based on our desired profit margin. The reality is that most companies whether manufacturers or hospitals, do not have market power to set prices as they wish.
H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation|Memorizing someone else’s explanation of the truth isn’t the same as seeing the truth for yourself. It is what it is—the memorization of second-hand knowledge. It is not your experience. It is not your knowledge. And no matter how much material is learned by rote, and no matter how eloquently we can speak about the memorized information, we’re clinging to a description of something that’s not ours. What’s more, the description is never the item itself. By holding onto our impression of certain descriptions, we frequently are unable to see the real thing when it’s right before our eyes. We are conditioned by memorizing and believing concepts—the truth of which we’ve never genuinely seen for ourselves.
Virginia Alison|When silence greets you, listen for those powerful words lost within the void of reason...
Amit Kalantri|For peace read books, for success read books and take actions.
Frank Herbert, Dune Messiah|Every man carries his own past with him," Hayt said.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Scholars discern motions in history & formulate these motions into rules that govern the rises & falls of civilizations. My belief runs contrary, however. To wit: history admits no rules; only outcomes.What precipitates outcomes? Vicious acts & virtuous acts.What precipitates acts? B
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|What you need to know is this: before a dream is realized, the Soul of the World tests everything that was learned along the way. It does this not because it is evil, but so that we can, in addition to realizing our dreams, master the lessons we've learned as we've moved toward the dream. That's the point at which most people give up. It's the point at which, as we say in the language of the desert, one dies of thirst just when the palm trees have appeared on the horizon.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|He scowled at Jason. "And please, I don't like being touched. Don't ever grab me again.
Brian James, Life is But a Dream|Only after Mom went missing did you realize that her stories were piled inside you, in endless stacks. Mom's everyday life used to go on in a repeating loop, without a break. Her everyday words, which you didn't think deeply about and sometimes dismissed as useless when she was with you, awoke in your heart, creating tidal waves.
Ruth Ahmed, When Ali Met Honour|Do you have a girlfriend?''No,' I said quickly.Deny Honour again. Peter only denied Jesus three times. I must have denied Honour like three thousand times.
John Cheever|Like all bitter men, Flint knew less than half the story and was more interested in unloading his own peppery feelings than in learning the truth.
John Halstead, Godless Paganism: Voices of Non-Theistic Pagans|My gods are not always like human beings. Sometimes my gods are like mountains, sometimes they are like mist. Sometimes I seek my gods in the forests, sometimes in ritual space or the beat of the drum. Some-times my gods are inscrutable or apophatic, and my relationship with them is one of longing and seeking rather than invocation and offering. And sometimes it is the mountains themselves who are gods, and the rivers and trees who speak." - Alison Leigh Lilly, "Gods Like Mountains, Gods Like Mist
Ned Hayes, The Eagle Tree|I saw the Eagle Tree for the first time on the third Monday of the month of March, which I guess could be considered auspicious if I believed in magic or superstition or religion...
Simran.M.Anthony|Even if I told you what scares me, you wouldn't understand how it feels.So just so you know, I've travelled roads I had no idea where they'd take me to.And maybe I don't know much about life and its horrors but trust me, I know enough.And I can fix everything, like I always have.
Dorothy Parker, The Portable Dorothy Parker|There's life for you. Spend the best years of your life studying penmanship and rhetoric and syntax and Beowulf and George Eliot, and then somebody steals your pencil.
Ned Hayes, The Eagle Tree|I do not like this idea that we have begun to kill off—at great velocity and accelerating speed—all of the things that sustain us. I didn’t like it at all when I first thought of it, but most people around me do not seem that disturbed by it, even though the knowledge of this is obvious and readily available to anyone who looks up trees on the Internet. At least, no one seems bothered, because no one has taken action to amend it. So they must not care. That is the only explanation I can think of for the lack of reaction to this fact.
Ernest Cline, Ready Player One|When I saw him look at me with lust, I dropped my eyes but, in glancing away from him, I caught sight of myself in the mirror. And I saw myself, suddenly, as he saw me, my pale face, the way the muscles in my neck stuck out like thin wire. I saw how much that cruel necklace became me. And, for the first time in my innocent and confined life, I sensed in myself a potentiality for corruption that took my breath away.
Kristine Cuevas, Not a Melodious Harmony|If he didn’t want to talk about it, I wouldn’t mention anything. I wanted him to open it up for me, not me intruding and asking questions to him.
Reggie Bush|Oftentimes, it feels like we spend so much of our life waiting to make art, waiting for somebody to let us do something. You don't really have to do that. You can make it all the time. And 99 percent of the time, it's not going to be a big deal on a global scale. But 100 percent of the time, it's going to make you feel amazing.
David Attenborough|I find it far more awesome, wonderful, that creation; our appearance in the world; should be the culmination, or at least one of the latest products of 3,000 Million years of organic evolution, than a kind of country trick, taking a rib out of a man's side in a trance.
k.d. lang|He had quite liked the dwarfs. He often had no idea what they were talking about, but for a group of homicidal, class-obsessed small people, they were really rather good fun.
-muneeza|There is no comparison between a girl and a boy, his importance, priorities, his freedom, his value and much more in this world, everything related to a boy is much more important than a girl and it doesn't matter how much a girl is educated or trustworthy a girl is a girl and a boy is a boy, I wish that at least every man should have a little trust on a girl and give her freedom to choose her own lifestyle... I believe in it that if you show your support for her she will surely never make your head down.
Chuck Yeager|If you can do what you do best and be happy, you're further along in life than most people.
Enza Vita|Nothing can be the total truth in the worlds of manifestation and the more solid your concepts, the more likely they are going to sink you, sooner or later.
Dean Koontz, By the Light of the Moon|In any given culture and at any given moment, there is always only one 'episteme' that defines the conditions of possibility of all knowledge, whether expressed in theory or silently invested in a practice.
Gift Gugu Mona|Faith is when you choose to trust the Lord, even when there's a lot at stake.
Michael Connelly, Trunk Music|What is important is not what you hear said, it's what you observe.
Thisuri Wanniarachchi, The Terrorist's Daughter|...he had read von Lambert's book on terrorism, there were two pages devoted to the Arab resistance movement, von Lambert refused to call them terrorists, which didn't preclude, and he had emphasized this, that nonterrorists were also capable of atrocities, Auschwitz, for instance, was not the work of terrorists but of state employees...
Hideo Kojima|Technology sometimes gets a bad rap because of certain consequences that it's had on the environment and unforeseen problems, but we shouldn't use it as an excuse to reject our tools; rather, we should decide that we need to make better tools to solve the problems caused by the initial tools in a progressive wave of innovation.
Mahatma Gandhi, Anthropology of Morality in Melanesia and Beyond, The. Anthropology and Cultural History in Asia and the Indo-Pacific.|The wise man does not expose himself needlessly to danger, since there are few things for which he cares sufficiently; but he is willing, in great crises, to give even his life--knowing that under certain conditions it is not worth while to live. He is of a disposition to do men service, though he is ashamed to have a service done to him. To confer a kindness is a mark of superiority; to receive one is a mark of subordination... He does not take part in public displays... He is open in his dislikes and preferences; he talks and acts frankly, because of his contempt for men and things... He is never fired with admiration, since there is nothing great in his eyes. He cannot live in complaisance with others, except it be a friend; complaisance is the characteristic of a slave... He never feels malice, and always forgets and passes over injuries... He is not fond of talking... It is no concern of his that he should be praised, or that others should be blamed. He does not speak evil of others, even of his enemies, unless it be to themselves. His carriage is sedate, his voice deep, his speech measured; he is not given to hurry, for he is concerned about only a few things; he is not prone to vehemence, for he thinks nothing very important. A shrill voice and hasty steps come to a man through care... He bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of his circumstances, like a skillful general who marshals his limited forces with the strategy of war... He is his own best friend, and takes delight in privacy whereas the man of no virtue or ability is his own worst enemy, and is afraid of solitude.
David Adam, The Man Who Couldn't Stop|Invalidation is about dismissing your experiences, thoughts and above all your emotions. Indeed the intention is to not even allow you to have those thoughts, experiences and emotions. It‟s a way of invading your head and reprogramming it. It‟s psychological abuse (messing with your thoughts) and emotional abuse (messing with your feelings).
J. F. C. Fuller|Migration is the story of my life: my parents and grandparents journeyed across four continents to flee war and find jobs, eventually finding their way to the U.S.
Abhijit Naskar, Illusion of Religion: A Treatise on Religious Fundamentalism|The real Jihad is an internal process, not an external one.
Garth Ennis, The Boys, Volume 9: The Big Ride|When it comes to Vought, or any corporate outfit really, all that counts to them is profit. They send their kids on planes built by the lowest bidder. They travel on the fuckin, things themselves. Company jets or first class, they still go on 'em. Safety costs. Money's God.
Joan Bauer, Peeled|I have a little dog who likes to nap with me.He climbs on my body and puts his face in my neck.He is sweeter than soap.He is more wonderful than a diamond necklace,which can't even bark...
Laurie Penny|Men grow up expecting to be the hero of their own story. Women grow up expecting to be the supporting actress in somebody else's. As a kid growing up with books and films and stories instead of friends, that was always the narrative injustice that upset me more than anything else. I felt it sometimes like a sharp pain under the ribcage, the kind of chest pain that lasts for minutes and hours and might be nothing at all or might mean you're slowly dying of something mundane and awful. It's a feeling that hit when I understood how few girls got to go on adventures. I started reading science fiction and fantasy long before Harry Potter and The Hunger Games, before mainstream female leads very occasionally got more at the end of the story than together with the protagonist. Sure, there were tomboys and bad girls, but they were freaks and were usually killed off or married off quickly. Lady hobbits didn't bring the ring to Mordor. They stayed at home in the shire.
Ashwin Sanghi|My life is ruled by four W’s: my writing, my work, my wife, and my whisky. Not necessarily in that order.
Silvia Cartwright|May peace rule the universe, may peace rule in kingdoms and empires, may peace rule in states and in the lands of the potentates, may peace rule in the house of friends and may peace also rule in the house of enemies.
Renee Fredrickson, Repressed Memories: A Journey to Recovery from Sexual Abuse|DelusionsDissociative disorders, even those created by mind controllers, are not psychosis, but this program will create the most common symptom used to diagnose schizophrenia. The child is hurt while on a turntable, with people and television sets and cartoons and photographs all around the turntable. New alters created by the torture are instructed that they must obey their instructions and become the people around them, people on television, or other alters when they are told to. When this program is triggered, the survivor will hear “voices” of the people whom the "copy alters” are imitating, or will have many confused alters popping out who think they are actually other people or movie stars. The identities of the copy alters change when the survivor's surrounding change.
Pope Benedict XVI|We must have great respect for these people who also suffer and who want to find their own way of correct living. On the other hand, to create a legal form of a kind of homosexual marriage, in reality, does not help these people.
Christopher Isherwood|This isn't a game," he repeats. It's real. What you do here determines your survival. He pauses. "And the survival of every other person on this planet.I laugh.He doesn't.  And that tells me he's either serious or seriously crazy. Please let him be crazy.
Chieko N. Okazaki, Being Enough|We see ourselves in terms of yesterday and today. Our Heavenly Father sees us in terms of forever. Although we might settle for less, Heavenly Father won’t, for He sees us as the glorious beings we are capable of becoming.
G.S. Jennsen, Vertigo|So that’s why I say ‘never have anything you can’t walk away from.’ Especially a woman. For them, because this is a dangerous life we lead and you never know if or when it will blow back on those close to you.""And for you, because trust me when I tell you there exists no greater perdition than the guilt of causing the death of someone you love.
Duane Hewitt|Love is illiterate. Whether we write it big or small, we cannot read it. We might only guess. ( "I seek you" )
Ursula K. Le Guin, Late in the Day: Poems 2010–2014|And I see a lot of us, the producers, who write the books and make the books, accepting this--letting commodity profiteers sell us like deodorant, and tell us what to publish, what to write. Books aren't just commodities; the profit motive is often in conflict with the aims of art. We live in capitalism. Its power seems inescapable--but then, so did the divine right of kings. Any human power can be resisted and changed by human beings. Resistance and change often begin in art. Very often in our art, the art of words.
M.C. Frank, No Plain Rebel|That was the secret of the salvation he brought, that was the light he shone into the darkness; and that was why they wanted to kill him. Because they preferred the darkness to the light.
Vishwas Chavan, Vishwasutras: Universal Principles for Living: Inspired by Real-Life Experiences|Life is about exercising your God-given dominion, loving and serving God, loving and serving mankind and fulfilling the unique and specific God-given purpose
John Negroponte|I don't know whether war is an interlude during peace, or peace an interlude during war.
Ray Kurzweil, The Singularity is Near: When Humans Transcend Biology|Somewhere on the Earth tonight, my Tylla, there is a Man with a Lever, which, when he pulls it, Will Save The World. The man is now unemployed. His switch gathers dust. He himself plays pinochle.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|In our national parlance, what's usually meant by the word "maverick" is someone who skirts the edge of sanity--or is so insane as to appear sane--who then does something absolutely insane and yet, after the passage of time, and especially if the maverick's creation yields a profit of any kind, is deemed less and less insane until the maverick worms his or her way into the fibers of history. Then generations grow to envy the ingenuity and courage of the maverick while glossing over the maverick's genetic kookiness. On such shoulders, a country rises.
Immanuel Kant, What is Enlightenment|If I have a book that thinks for me, a pastor who acts as my conscience, a physician who prescribes my diet, and so on... then I have no need to exert myself. I have no need to think, if only I can pay; others will take care of that disagreeable business for me.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Grace God's Unmerited Favor|Whether our days trip along like the angels mounting on Jacob's ladder to heaven or grind along like the wagons that Joseph sent for Jacob, they are in each case ordered by God's mercy.
Elisa Romeo, Meet Your Soul: A Powerful Guide to Connect with Your Most Sacred Self|Once you know your Soul, you are never again subject to give your authority away. You own your truth directly and with certainty.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|While she could hardly fathom what had just happened to her that night, she reached some conclusions before she fell asleep, certain things now made perfect sense; Moon River didn’t sound so syrupy, mistletoe wasn’t such a bad idea, and perhaps dating was not such a frivolous waste of time after all.
Maureen Brady, Beyond Survival: A Writing Journey for Healing Childhood Sexual Abuse|When we are ready to let go of our old controls, we admit that we were powerless over the incest or abuse...We have often thought, 'If only I could have stopped it,' but we could not have stopped it. We let go of the 'if only' now and sit still with our stark powerlessness…In our surrender to powerlessness, we touch ourselves with the gift of truth.
Colleen Houck|And yes, I’ll admit, I am jealous. I’m jealous of every minute you spend with him, of every concerned expression you send his way, of every tear shed, of every glance, every touch, and every thought. I want to rip him to pieces and purge him from your mind and from your heart. But I can’t.
Dada Bhagwan|It is called equanimity when one has no attachment with the good (the auspicious) and no abhorrence for the bad (the inauspicious). The one without duality is in equanimity-state. In worldly interactions, people identify tolerance as equanimity!
Mehmet Murat ildan|To wish a life without stairs, without hills and mountains is to wish a dim life without the joy of rising with our own efforts!
Steve Jurvetson|God grant that not only the love of liberty but a thorough knowledge of the rights of man may pervade all the nations of the earth, so that a philosopher may set his foot anywhere on its surface and say: 'This is my country.'
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|I am more than less, but less than worthy. Worthy to be heard, but heard in silence
Salma Issah|Down play religion, get yourself free from religion.
Robert J. Braathe|Broke people are busy with their time, wherein successful people are productive with their time.
Donna Lynn Hope|You mean we won't get to run through burning buildings?" I could see he wanted to laugh, but instead he watched me intently. "What? Why are you staring at me?" "I'm not staring. I'm observing."I smiled through my tears. "And what do you observe?"He brushed his lips against my ear. "A brave young woman who has always fought for what was right, even when it was unpopular. A woman who can't return to the land of her birth, but is wlcome to cross the seas and rebuild Alexandria in mine. And a woman who has suffered enough in Rome and deserves happiness for a change. Will you come to Mauretania and be my queen?"He drew back to look at me, but I held him closer. "Yes.""Just yes?"I nodded and pressed my lips against his.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|People say to me all the time, 'You have no fear.' I tell them, 'No, that's not true. I'm scared all the time. You have to have fear in order to have courage. I'm a courageous person because I'm a scared person.'
Timothy Olyphant|The genre I listen to the most is salsa, so people look at me and see this guy who's done mostly romantic ballads, but there's always been this other side.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|And my desire,' he said, 'is a desire that is as long as a year; but it is love given to an echo, the spending of grief on a wave, a lonely fight with a shadow, that is what my love and my desire have been to me.
Franz Kafka|But what if all the tranquility, all the comfort, all the contentment were now to come to a horrifying end?
Jennifer Garner|I hear my friends and my mom tell me I'm special, but honestly, I still don't get it.
Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar|Saying it's hard is ultimately a justification to do whatever seems like the easiest thing to do -- have the affair, stay at that horrible job, end a friendship over a slight, keep loving someone who treats you terribly.
Breyten Breytenbach, Intimate Stranger|Quentin had grown up with that; the mere names were interchangeable and almost myriad. His childhood was full of them; his very body was an empty hall echoing with sonorous defeated names; he was not a being, an entity, he was a commonwealth. He was a barracks filled with stubborn back-looking ghosts still recovering, even forty-three years afterward, from the fever which had cured the disease, waking from the fever without even knowing that it had been the fever itself which they had fought against and not the sickness, looking with stubborn recalcitrance backward beyond the fever and into the disease with actual regret, weak from the fever yet free of the disease and not even aware that the freedom was that of impotence.
Debasish Mridha|Oh! Let me love forever.Love is the joy and charm.Without beauty of love, life is a lifeless flower.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|To Move from Woe to Wow with an Unhappy Customer. . . Apologize•	Thank your customer for raising the issue.•	Apologize sincerely–never argue. •	Own the problem, even if it is not your fault.•	Show genuine concern in your gestures, posture, and tone of voice.•	Take your customer at their word without questioning their motives or integrity.
Brian Logan Dales|If the music is amazing, you can get away with anything.
Bill Rancic|Just as the left has to be more willing to question 'Government knows best,' the right has to rethink its laissez-faire attitude toward government.
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|when you're going through hell, keep going.
La Tanyha Boyd, Spiritual Food for Thought: 31 Inspirational Quotes to Jump Start Your Day|Rain. Tumble, bumble and, fall on me. Any old day, any old way. Come for a visit, or come for a stay. Rain, rain, don't go away.
Justin Cronin, The City of Mirrors|They have both loved you with a child’s love, and now a man’s. It is the child’s love that holds you together . . . cemented by the moments you shared with them that they treasure most.
Kimbal Musk|No matter what you achieve, what you want to aspire to be, or how famous and powerful you become, the most important thing is whether you are excited about each and every moment of your life because of your work and people around you.
Kelly Clarkson|I can't grill vegetables, shellfish or steaks without tongs. Don't bother with those long-handled grilling tongs normally found in the BBQ section of your home store. Get intimate with your grill and opt for the regular stainless steel tongs.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|It is this spirit of godliness that will bring forth the attributes, the principles and the life style of godliness.
Rainbow Rowell, Landline|From something as simple as what goes in to a good meatloaf to the not so simple - religion, culture, how you should vote, every damn thing you think or believe, your reactions, your behavior - were partially shaped by who and what your parents were.
Kim John Payne, Simplicity Parenting: Using the Extraordinary Power of Less to Raise Calmer, Happier, and More Secure Kids|When childhood dies, its corpses are called adults and they enter society, one of the politer names of hell. That is why we dread children, even if we love them. They show us the state of our decay.
Rohvannyn Shaw|Even if we change practices or behaviors, we are seeking transformed hearts. We must know in our bones God's heart for equality and wholeness in the Body of Christ then live our lives out of that truth, with invitation and joy, as living prophets of God's way of life.
Jill Shalvis, Chasing Christmas Eve|Look at you… You’re perfect.""Not… perfect.""Perfect to me…
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|I believe in a personal god who cares about me and worries and oversees everything I do. I believe in an impersonal god who set the universe in motion and went off to hang with her girlfriends and doesn't even know that I'm alive. I believe in an empty and godless universe of causal chaos, background noise, and sheer blind luck... I believe that life is a game, that life is a cruel joke, and that life is what happens when you're alive and that you might as well lie back and enjoy it.
Nancy Glynn|The harder they fall, the harder they become.
Tess Gerritsen, The Surgeon|Most people are good and occasionally do something they know is bad. Some people are bad and struggle every day to keep it under control. Others are corrupt to the core and don’t give a damn, as long as they don’t get caught. But evil is a completely different creature, Mac. Evil is bad that believes it’s good.
Khaled Hosseini|The memories of you are dead in my mind, but alive in my heart.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Dear Ijeawele, or a Feminist Manifesto in Fifteen Suggestions|...above all, let your focus be on remaining a full person. Take time for yourself. Nurture your own needs. Please do not think of it as 'doing it all'. Our culture celebrates the idea of women who are able to 'do it all' but does not question the premise of that praise. I have no interest in the debate about women doing it all because it is a debate that assumes that caregiving and domestic work are singularly female domains, and idea that I strongly reject. Domestic work and caregiving should be gender-neutral, and we should be asking not whether a woman can 'do it all' but how best to support parents in their dual duties at work and at home.
Danny Deaubé|People say not to judge a book by its cover, but what if you somehow read the inside of the book without seeing the cover first? And what if you really liked what was inside the book? Of course when you go to close the book and are about to see the cover for the first time, you hope it's something you'll find attractive. Because who wants an incredibly written book sitting on their bookshelf if they have to stare at a shitty cover?
Nalo Hopkinson, Sister Mine|If you look for perfection, you'll never be content.
Nicholaa Spencer|Your boyfriend smells bad, says Sarah as she sniffs the armpit of the giant sweatshirt.All boys smell bad I say and she nods her head like we have just figured out something very important.
Alan McCluskey, Boy & Girl|For the Wife Beater's WifeWith blue irises her face is blossomed. BlueCircling to yellow, circling to brown on her cheeks.The long bone of her jaw untrackedShe hides in our kitchen.He sleeps it off next door.Her chicken legs tucked under herShe's frantic with lies, animatedBefore the swirling smoke.On her cigarette she leaves red prints, redLike a cut on the white cup.Like a skin she pulls her sweater around her.She's cold,She brings the cold in with her.In our kitchen she hides.He sleeps it off next door, his greatBelly heaving with booze.Again and again she tells the storyAs if the details ever changed,As if blows to the face were somehowDifferent beating to beating.We reach for her but can't help.She retreats into her cold love of himAnd looks across the table at usAs if across a sea.Next door he claws out of sleep.She says she thinks she'll do somethingAfter all, with her hair tonight.
Edna Ferber|Food feeds both the body and soul - there are clear reasons to eat a balanced diet, but there are also reasons you cling to your mom's secret chicken noodle soup recipe when you're sick.
Patricia Hamill, Fearless|Not too bad, reminds me of some kind of meat dip, best if you close your eyes and pretend it's something else.
Patrick Rothfuss|I always read. You know how sharks have to keep swimming or they die? I’m like that. If I stop reading, I die.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|aren't you, uh... reproducing?"sure, we love reproducing it's one of our favorite things.
Kayla Davis|Appreciate what you have today, for tomorrow, it could be gone forever.
Abraham Lincoln|If there is anything that links the human to the divine, it is the courage to stand by a principle when everybody else rejects it.
Steve Maraboli|The wiser I become, the less I think beauty has anything to do with appearance.
Meghan O'Rourke|Yet the story of Orpheus, it occurs to me, is not just about the desire of the living to resuscitate the dead but about the ways in which the dead drag us along into their shadowy realm because we cannot let them go. So we follow them into the Underworld, descending, descending, until one day we turn and make our way back.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Both men and women experience pressure to conform to social standards of attractiveness. Men to look strong and be tough, women to look pretty and soft. Men to be masculine, women to be feminine. Men get judged for being "too feminine", women get criticized for being "too masculine". Gender policing affects us all.
Nikki Rowe|Unto those who have,it shall,uncannily, be given.Unto those who have not,it shall,uncannily,be taken away.
Douglas Adams, So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish|We speak not only to tell other people what we think, but to tell ourselves what we think. Speech is a part of thought.
Kiera Cass, The Siren|Peter..."He straightened, his back to her like a wall. Then, slowly, he turned his face toward her and met her eyes. His gaze sliced through her like a knife.Before she could stop herself, she asked, "Do you remember—"He took a step toward her. She felt the hear flare up between them."How could I forget?
B.F. Skinner, Walden Two|No one asks how to motivate a baby. A baby naturally explores everything it can get at, unless restraining forces have already been at work. And this tendency doesn't die out, it's wiped out.
Eric Greitens, The Heart and the Fist: The Education of a Humanitarian, the Making of a Navy SEAL|Often,our immediate reaction to a sudden crisis help us save ourselves. Our response to gradual crises that creep up upon us, on the other hand,may be so adaptive as to ultimately lead to self-destruction.
Daya Kudari|How would you complete with people who are more talented, more popular, who get better training, better mentoring and who get their share of luck, without some luck?
Shailene Woodley|We respect our elders. There is wisdom that comes from experience, and I am not going to stop learning from wise counsel.
Brian Christian, The Most Human Human: What Talking with Computers Teaches Us About What It Means to Be Alive|We all behave like Maxwell’s demon. Organisms organize. In everyday experience lies the reason sober physicists across two centuries kept this cartoon fantasy alive. We sort the mail, build sand castles, solve jigsaw puzzles, separate wheat from chaff, rearrange chess pieces, collect stamps, alphabetize books, create symmetry, compose sonnets and sonatas, and put our rooms in order, and all this we do requires no great energy, as long as we can apply intelligence. We propagate structure (not just we humans but we who are alive). We disturb the tendency toward equilibrium. It would be absurd to attempt a thermodynamic accounting for such processes, but it is not absurd to say we are reducing entropy, piece by piece. Bit by bit. The original demon, discerning one molecules at a time, distinguishing fast from slow, and operating his little gateway, is sometimes described as “superintelligent,” but compared to a real organism it is an idiot savant. Not only do living things lessen the disorder in their environments; they are in themselves, their skeletons and their flesh, vesicles and membranes, shells and carapaces, leaves and blossoms, circulatory systems and metabolic pathways - miracles of pattern and structure. It sometimes seems as if curbing entropy is our quixotic purpose in the universe.
Dada Bhagwan|Regardless of how much wealth [material pleasures] one has, if he does not like bondage even for a moment, then he has become qualified to understand the science of the Vitarags [the enlightened one’s].
Jon Huntsman, Sr.|It's been my policy to view the Internet not as an 'information highway', but as an electronic asylum filled with babbling loonies.
Gary W. Moon|If there is a single factor that makes spiritual direction effective as a change agency for the soul, it is this: spiritual direction holds our shame at bay long enough for us to see ourselves as God sees us in Christ.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Your leadership principles give that unique character to your leadership brand. When all your responses, decisions, choices and leadership practices are filtered through your well defined principles, you have automatically connected yourself to making the success of your leadership excellence brand more deliberate.
Mark Zero, The French Art of Revenge|There are only two things in life,' Bergé said. 'Love and beauty.
Alice Neel|‎"But when I fell in love with black, it contained all color. It wasn’t a negation of color. It was an acceptance. Because black encompasses all colors. Black is the most aristocratic color of all.... You can be quiet and it contains the whole thing." Happy birthday to Louise Nevelson (1899-1988)!
Bertrand Russell|You have gone through enough theory, now it's time to take actions.
Théophile Gautier, Clarimonde|Those horses must have been Spanish jennets, born of mares mated with a zephyr; for they went as swiftly as the wind, and the moon, which had risen at our departure to give us light, rolled through the sky like a wheel detached from its carriage...
Dwyane Wade|My dad's not here, but he's watching in heaven.
Rachel Keller|Being a dad is like - there's nothing more important. So the exploration of that in stories, with parents and fathers and brothers, siblings, I just think that you're always in the terrain of love, whether it's absence of love or the giving of love or the desire for love.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Many of the mysteries of God—the heartaches, trials, disappointments, tragedies, and the silence of God in the midst of suffering—will be revealed in heaven.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Our hearts, our hopes, our prayers, our tears, our faith triumphant o’er our fears, are all with thee – are all with thee!
A.J. Styles|Sometimes I have ice cream for lunch. Gelateria Sempione in Milan is the best in the world, hands down. The chocolate sorbetto is amazing.
Leon Trotsky|I had a fairly enlightened dad, though if you looked at his resume, it might not seem that way. He was a chartered accountant for Price Waterhouse. He was strict, and we had a very ordered life. To this day, I am the least materialistic person I know, because my father didn't raise me to just go out and buy this or that car.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Temper us in fire, and we grow stronger. When we suffer, we survive.
John Corey Whaley, Where Things Come Back|We've learned from this that death can hurt us. It can surprise us. It can scare us. It can keep us up a night. But we've also learned the things that death cannot do. It cannot crush our hopes. It cannot take away the love and support of our family and friends. It cannot make us lose our unending faith in world and in God. It has saddened us, but it will not prevail.
Michelle Belanger, The Ghost Hunter's Survival Guide: Protection Techniques for Encounters with the Paranormal|Faith is a quiet certainty that there is both a higher purpose to life and a higher power that oversees that purpose. Faith is knowing that we do not have to go it alone during our darkest hours and, even when we feel utterly victimized and weak, there is still something brighter, purer, and more potent than anything we can imagine that cares enough to reach out and offer a shoulder for us to lean upon. The object of faith takes many forms and many names, but the universal truth is faith itself.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens|David tells me that fairies never say 'We feel happy': what they say is, 'We feel dancey'.
Anonymous.|English can be weird. It can be understood through tough thorough thought, though.
Brian Spellman, If the mind fits, shrink it|If you see me standing on my head, I'm trying to cheer you up with my frown. I need my honesty, you my pleasantry.
Christopher Hitchens|We keep on being told that religion, whatever its imperfections, at least instills morality. On every side, there is conclusive evidence that the contrary is the case and that faith causes people to be more mean, more selfish, and perhaps above all, more stupid.
Sandeep Sahajpal|I'm the parent. It's my job to be here for you, not the other way around.
Søren Kierkegaard, Provocations: Spiritual Writings of Kierkegaard|The Bible is very easy to understand. But we Christians are a bunch of scheming swindlers. We pretend to be unable to understand it because we know very well that the minute we understand, we are obliged to act accordingly.
Nathan Bedford Forrest|War means fighting, and fighting means killing.
Cindy Crawford|I was a single mom that raised two bright, beautiful, and compassionate girls.
Heather R. Blair, Blood in Fire|What is your name?” I asked.“Thorn.”“Thorn?”“If you touch me, you bleed.
Paul Hawken|Developing a diet that is healthful, balanced, and appropriate for your particular caloric needs is easy enough and is absolutely critical to establishing a healthful lifestyle that incorporates proper nutrition, adequate fitness, and mental resilience.
Mary Quant|I design all of the costumes for my movies, actually.
Tove Jansson, Finn Family Moomintroll|Clever of you, Hemul. But, on the other hand, think how lonely the Groke is because nobody likes her, and she hates everybody. The Contents is perhaps the only thing she has. Would you now take that away from her too -- lonely and rejected in the night?" Sniff became more and more affected and his voice trembled. "Cheated out of her only possession by Thingumy and Bob." He blew his nose and couldn't go on.
John Calvin|This Bible of Mine? It is the breath of God spoken into my weary bones. It is the armor I need to walk the roads He has chosen for me, and it's the confirmation of promises that withstand the test of hours and adversity. It's a love letter, and it has my name on it. It has your name on it.
Subodh Gupta, 7 habits of skinny woman|There is great value in being able to say "yes" when people ask if there is anything they can do. By letting people pick herbs or slice bread instead of bringing a salad, you make your kitchen a universe in which you can give completely and ask for help. The more environments with that atmospheric makeup we can find or create, the better.
Bill Maher, When You Ride Alone You Ride With Bin Laden: What the Government Should Be Telling Us to Help Fight the War on Terrorism|Vice President Cheney has been the most dangerous vice president we've had probably in American history. The idea he doesn't realize that Article I of the Constitution defines the role of the vice president of the United States, that's the Executive Branch. He works in the Executive Branch. He should understand that. Everyone should understand that. And the primary role of the vice president of the United States of America is to support the president of the United States of America, give that president his or her best judgment when sought, and as vice president, to preside over the Senate, only in a time when in fact there's a tie vote. The Constitution is explicit. The only authority the vice president has from the legislative standpoint is the vote, only when there is a tie vote. He has no authority relative to the Congress.
Ray Bradbury|Q: Do you have any advice for upcoming writers who want to pen weird stories?A: READ, damn it. Fill your brain to the bursting point with the good stuff, starting with writers that you truly enjoy, and then work your way backward and outward, reading those writers who inspired the writers you love best. That was my path as far as Weird/Horror Fiction, starting with Lovecraft, and then working my way backward/outward on the Weird Fiction spiderweb. And don’t limit your reading. Read it all, especially non-fiction and various news outlets. You’d be surprised by how many of my story ideas were born while listening to NPR, perusing a blog, or paging through Vanity Fair.Once you have your fuel squared away, just write what you love, in whatever style and genre. You’ll never have fun being someone you’re not, so be yourself. When a singer opens their mouth, what comes out is what comes out.Also, don’t be afraid to fail, and don’t be afraid to walk away. Writing isn’t for everyone, and that’s totally fine. One doesn’t need to be a writer to enjoy being a reader and overall fan of genre or wider fiction.
James Frey, A Million Little Pieces|There is emotion in the hug, and there is respect and a form of love. Emotion that comes from honesty, respect that comes from challenge, and the form of love that exists between people whose minds have touched, whose hearts have touched, whose souls have touched. Our minds touched. Our hearts touched. Our souls touched.We separate.
Bradley B. Dalina|No matter who we are, we have to take the hand we're dealt, crappy though it may be, and try our very best to move forward anyway, to love anyway, to have hope anyway... to have faith that there's a purpose to the journey we're on... And try to believe that maybe more light shines out of those who have the most cracks.
Reggie Watts|My initial goal for the 1984 opening ceremonies was a show that would be majestic, inspirational, and emotional - a 20 goosebump experience.
Erin Bomboy, The Winner: A Ballroom Dance Novel|He seemed to be having trouble remembering the steps, for he was pumping my arm and counting under his breath (one, two, three), and his breath smelled like the open maws of the pub cellars that grapes on Whitchurch pavements on delivery day. Beer.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|Our genes still expect us to eat a higher fat diet; they still see agricultural foods (and modern foods such as sugar), as poisonous; they still see lack of sunlight and exercise as problematic. We haven't genetically adapted to modern life because there is no selection pressure in the civilised world.
Marisa de los Santos, Love Walked In|Life goes headlong. We chase some flying scheme, or we are hunted by some fear or command behind us. But if suddenly we encounter a friend, we pause; our heat and hurry look foolish enough; now pause, now possession, is required, and the power to swell the moment from the resources of the heart. The moment is all, in all noble relations.
Kenneth Logan, True Letters from a Fictional Life|The winter of love is a cellar of empty bins / In an orchard soft with rot."The soft with rot part sounded so familiar, but it took a few moments before she made the connection as to why. "He was mumbling that to me," she said. A clear image of Marcus, gaunt and pale in his dining room deathbed, lit up her brain. She hadn't thought of him like that in so long. "The last time I saw him.""He said it was you," Jackson said, suddenly looking at somber as she felt. "You were going to be those empty bins, once he died. And it was maybe the saddest thing I had ever heard.
Joyce Meyer|The older you get, the more you start to realize that you can't win an argument in a relationship. You can't win a fight with your woman. Because if you lose, you lose. And if you win, you lose.
Immanuel Kant|If you've experienced half of the things I've passed through in life, you wouldn't underestimate the power of love.
Vineet Nayar, Employees First, Customers Second: Turning Conventional Management Upside Down|When you manage people, you must first convince them they need managing. So you create the problems and then let the people cry for solutions.
T. Thorn Coyle|God expects you to have the mentality of a conqueror. See yourself as a victor in Christ Jesus, and go about life with a holy swagger!
Gabriela M. Sanchez|The key to happiness is loving yourself. For years I have struggled to reach this point and even now at the age of 20 I will be honest in saying I am not 100% there yet. However, I will say I am much closer to that 100 than I was 5 years ago.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island|I'm afraid of those cows,' protested poor Dora, seeing a prospect of escape.'The very idea of your being scared of those cows,' scoffed Davy. 'Why, they're both younger than you.
Thomas Keneally, Victim of the Aurora|When it comes to looking after all the species that are already endangered, there's such a lot to do that sometimes it might all seem to be too much, especially when there are so many other important things to worry about. But if we stop trying, the chances are that pretty soon we'll end up with a world where there are no tigers or elephants, or sawfishes or whooping cranes, or albatrosses or ground iguanas. And I think that would be a shame, don't you?
Dada Bhagwan|The Soul’s [our true self’s] natural form is the absolute supreme Self [Parmatma]. It does not show you ‘wrong [doing]’, nor does it show ‘right [doing]’. When demerit karma effect is unfolding, then one will see the ‘wrong’ and when merit karma is unfolding, it will show ‘right’. The Soul is not the ‘doer’ in any of this; it continues to ‘See’ only the vibrations!
Ted Cruz|My dad was never married. He was kind of a rolling stone. But he was never disrespectful. At the same time, even though he had women in his life when I was a kid, there wasn't any consistency.
Frank Herbert, Children of Dune|The Caterpillar and Alice looked at each other for some time in silence: at last the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth,
Steven Magee|They are simple people, most of them, but that doesn't make them subhuman.You are telling them Jesus loves them, but not much.
Peter Gray, Free to Learn: Why Unleashing the Instinct to Play Will Make Our Children Happier, More Self-Reliant, and Better Students for Life|Agriculture brought to human beings more than a new way of procuring food. It introduced a new way of thinking about the relationship between humans an nature. Hunter-gatherers considered themselves to be part of the natural world; they lived with nature, not against it. They accepted nature`s twist and turns as inevitable and adapted to them as best they could. Agriculture, on the other hand, is a continuous exercise in controlling nature; it involves the taming and controlling of plants and animals, to make them servants to humans rather than equal partners in the natural world. With agriculture, I suggest, humans began to extend this idea of control over nature to other aspects of the natural world, including children.
Jerry Spinelli, Stargirl|This was the start of a period that blurs as I try to recall it. Incidents seem to cascade and merge. Events become feelings, fellings become events. Head and heart are contrary historians.
Meia Geddes, Love Letters to the World|I have yet to understand the ritual of sacrifice in monotheism; to a supposed Creator who has supposedly given us what we will be eventually sacrificing.If I take a small mirror and reflect sunlight back to the sun, am I sacrificing to the sun?
Martha Char Love, What's Behind Your Belly Button? A Psychological Perspective of the Intelligence of Human Nature and Gut Instinct|But we live on the cusp of a Renaissance in consciousness of who we truly are and, thus, we can now begin to thrive in this exciting age of our humanity’s journey toward a greater life and a more fundamentally intelligent evolution of our species.
Brother Lawrence, The Practice of the Presence of God, and the Spiritual Maxims|That he had no scruples; for, said he, when I fail in my duty, I readily acknowledge it, saying, I am used to do so: I shall never do otherwise, if I am left to myself. If I fail not, then I give GOD thanks, acknowledging that it comes from Him.
Lyndon B. Johnson|I found the offer of a knighthood something that I couldn't possibly accept. I found it to be somehow squalid, a knighthood. There's a relationship to government about knights.
Robin M. King, Memory of Monet|William’s head tilted and the fluorescent lights above us reflected in his eyes, making them glow like translucent sapphires. “I wasn’t sure I had anything here in Providence drawing me back.” He studied my face and then smiled that schoolboy grin from all my memories. “But I don’t think Providence has seen the last of me yet.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|Losing you is most difficult for me, but the nature of my love for you is what matters. If it distorts into half-truth, then perhaps it is better not to love you. I must keep my mind but loose you.
Sam Yagan|We were intrigued by the fact that we had so much actual behavior among people on our dating site, OKCupid.
Shannon A. Thompson, Death Before Daylight|I can’t take back the past, but I can fight for the future.
Tiffany Reisz, The Siren|Joy, not sorrow.Laughter, not tears.Life, not death.Love, not blame.
Kim Dotcom|Working with Chiranjeevi sir, I realized the professionalism and attitude they used work with. It's just so contagious. When such a personality is doing that, everyone around, too, would do that out of respect. Work was far more efficient, smoother.
Eugenio Montale|Strangely enough, I really think that shoes are a communication tool between people.
Shannon L. Alder|You can't live in your mind and expect those dreams to become real, without the work. Reality requires actions that might feel scary, but that is what is required if you want to find true love. Don't expect it to come and rescue you. You have to rescue yourself.
Anne Frank|A realist, in Venice, would become a romantic by mere faithfulness to what he saw before him.
Marcus Aurelius|I shall argue that strong men, conversely, know when to compromise and that all principles can be compromised to serve a greater principle.
Rebecca Stott, Ghostwalk|Who's to say? Life is not, as we are taught, a matter of seeking answers, but rather learning which are the questions we should ask.
MaryJanice Davidson, Sleeping with the Fishes|Fredrika Bimm, what do you think you're doing?""Freaking out. Losing my mind. Thinking about snapping your husband's spine. Squashing the urge to vomit. Wishing I had died at childbirth.""Oh, you say that when you don't get a prize in your Lucky Charms.
Asmaa Hussein, A Temporary Gift: Reflections on Love, Loss, and Healing|Thousands of years hath the sun rose, In the glow of its Eastern hues,Thousands of years doth the West close It in gloom, and in tears, of its dews.Even so, in the Orient morning, Faith, true! – pure, of Allah, The One,Rose, Earth, with its beauty, adorning, And sank, Westward – and darkened, its sun.O, Believers! Have faith in Faith’s morning, Know ye, Allah knoweth the best!See, the Light of the Orient, returning Pure Islamic beams, over the West
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|So be satisfied and quiet, be contented with your contentment. I lack certain things that others have, but blessed be God, I have a contented heart which others have not.
John F. Kennedy|Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.
Shedd|Except they kept asking me questions like 'What is your biggest source of conflict about the Pope?' Or 'Has the Pope ever tried to suppress your scientific work?' Completely out of left field!"They didn't want to hear me tell them how much Pope Benedict supported the Vatican Observatory and its scientific work. So, finally, frustrated that they weren't getting the story they wanted out of me, one of them asked, 'Would you baptize an extraterrestrial?'"What did you answer?""Only if she asks!""I love it! How did they react?""They all got a good laugh, which is what I intended. And then, the next day, they all ran my joke as if it were a straight story, as if I had made some sort of official Vatican pronouncement about aliens.
|Every man that treats a woman like a queen, truly deserves to be treated like a king in return.
James C. Emlund|You fight your superficiality, you shallowness, as as to come at people without unreal expectations, without an overload of bias or hope or arrogance, as untank-like as you can be, sans cannon and machine guns and steel plating half a foot thick; you come at them unmenacingly on your own ten toes instead of tearing up the turf with your caterpillar treads, take them on with an open mind, as equals, man to man, as we used to say, and yet you never fail to get them wrong, you might as well have the brain if a tank. You get them wrong before you meet them, while you're anticipating meeting them; you get them wrong while you're with them; and them you go home to tell somebody else about the meeting and you get them wrong again. Since the same generally goes for them with you, the whole thing is really a dazzling illusion empty of all perception an astonishing farce of misperception. And yet what are we to do about this terribly significant business of other people, which gets bled of the significance we think it has and takes on instead a significance that is ludicrous, so ill equipped are we all to envision one another's interior workings and invisible aims? Is everyone to go off and lock the door and sit secluded like the lonely writers do, in a soundproof cell, summoning people out of words, and then proposing that there word people are closer to the real thing than we mangle with our ignorance every day? The fact remains that getting people right is not what living is all about anyway. It's getting them wrong that is living, getting them wrong and wrong and wrong and then, on careful consideration, getting them wrong again. That's how we know we're alive: we're wrong. Maybe the best thing would be to forget being right or wrong about people and just go along for the ride. But if you can do that - well, lucky you.
Linda Deir|His eyes touched lightly, and passed on.
N.T. Wright, After You Believe: Why Christian Character Matters|Yeah, episodic doesn't work. Your coolest character needs something big and meaningful to do. Otherwise, well, it's just narrative shit.
Barry López, Crossing Open Ground|I do not know, really, how we will survive without places like the Inner Gorge of the Grand Canyon to visit. Once in a lifetime, even, is enough. To feel the stripping down, an ebb of the press of conventional time, a radical change of proportion, an unspoken respect for others that elicits keen emotional pleasure, a quick intimate pounding of the heart.The living of life, any life, involves great and private pain, much of which we share with no one. In such places as the Inner Gorge the pain trails away from us. It is not so quiet there or so removed that you can hear yourself think, that you would even wish to; that comes later. You can hear your heart beat. That comes first.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|And then also, again, still, what are those boundaries, if they’re not baselines, that contain and direct its infinite expansion inward, that make tennis like chess on the run, beautiful and infinitely dense? The true opponent, the enfolding boundary, is the player himself. Always and only the self out there, on court, to be met, fought, brought to the table to hammer out terms. The competing boy on the net’s other side: he is not the foe: he is more the partner in the dance. He is the what is the word excuse or occasion for meeting the self. As you are his occasion. Tennis’s beauty’s infinite roots are self-competitive. You compete with your own limits to transcend the self in imagination and execution. Disappear inside the game: break through limits: transcend: improve: win. Which is why tennis is an essentially tragic enterprise… You seek to vanquish and transcend the limited self whose limits make the game possible in the first place. It is tragic and sad and chaotic and lovely. All life is the same, as citizens of the human State: the animating limits are within, to be killed and mourned, over and over again…Mario thinks hard again. He’s trying to think of how to articulate something like: But then is battling and vanquishing the self the same as destroying yourself? Is that like saying life is pro-death? … And then but so what’s the difference between tennis and suicide, life and death, the game and its own end?
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|It's not such a huge deal when this happens at a 7-Eleven. It's pretty huge, though, when you spend the entire job interview trying not to come across like a box of hair and you come across like a box of hair.
Birdman|The leading cause of death for girls 15 to 19 worldwide is not accident or violence or disease; it is complications from pregnancy. Girls under 15 are up to five times as likely to die while having children than are women in their 20s, and their babies are more likely to die as well.
Mark Ireland, Messages from the Afterlife: A Bereaved Father's Journey in the World of Spirit Visitations, Psychic-Mediums, and Synchronicity|Perhaps the day will come when Western science is able to confirm the existence of immaterial forces and realms. Compelling research in the field of parapsychology indirectly points to this possibility, yet most people in mainstream science can't bring themselves to consider the implications.
Ean Rodriguez|Success makes tyrants of most of the humankind; making us forget basic courtesy, and being kind.
Carl Clinton Van Doren|Yes, its hard to write. But its harder not to.
Benjamin James Sadock, Kaplan and Sadock's Synopsis of Psychiatry: Behavioral Sciences/Clinical Psychiatry|Honestly? I think all of this would be easier if I could point to one thing, one moment, one person, and say this is why. I could explain it, then. Understand the why of it. Blame it on something other than myself. If I were a victim, maybe it would keep everyone from being so frustrated with me. On a few occasions, I’ve even considered making up something, just to see the sympathy that flashed in my mom’s eyes a second ago, just to have her be patient with me for more than a minute at a time. But I’m not a liar, so instead I get the frustrated, calculating way she’s glaring at me now. I’ve seen it so many times before. It’s a look that makes my stomach ache.
Marty Rubin|The thread connecting one person, one event, to another exists only in the imagination.
Walter Scott, Rob Roy|I did not myself set a high estimation on wealth, and had the affectation of most young men of lively imagination, who suppose that they can better dispense with the possession of money, than resign their time and faculties to the labour necessary to acquire it.
Neal A. Maxwell|Sir Thomas More was a victim of injustice and irony. Generously and meekly, just as he was about to be martyred, he said: Paul . . . was present, and consented to the death of St. Stephen, and kept their clothes that stoned him to death, and yet be they [Stephen and Paul] now both twain Holy Saints in heaven, and shall continue there friends for ever, so I verily trust and . . . pray, that though your lordships have now here in earth been judges to my condemnation, we may yet hereafter in heaven merrily all meet together, to our everlasting salvation.
Bryan Charles, Grab on to Me Tightly as If I Knew the Way|Heart as collapsed time, as a dug-up grave, as simple machine. Heart as big black bugs bleed blue blood. Heart as MI frozen as seen from airplane, everything still and white and beautiful. Heart as the Day the Music Died. Heart as love being made, as fucking, as a pleasantly haunted house. Heart as a dim memory of a dark room in which you’re molded wetasscracked into a beanbag chair, fumbling for wetness. Come hither. Heart as a cunt’s supposed to smell like tuna. Heart as the star of the sea. Heart as a pussy in permanent bloom. Heart as doxycycline. Heart as waxwings, as a fudge round, as the phone rings once and then stops. Heart as throw your hands in the air, throw your art at the stars, stutter and stare. Heart as a Stratocaster. Heart as Twin Reverb. Heart as I heart you so much. Heart as all that we thought we knew in the world disappears into vapor. Heart as the rest of your life times the weight of the world squared.
Louis L'Amour, Brionne|The human beings must be mentally immensely strong, during the encounter with the true malevolence in others, because on it's own it doesn't belong to their species.
Virginia Alison|And remember also that in fighting against man we must not come to resemble him. Even when you have conquered him, do not adopt his vices.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Walt loved technology. He didn't understand it half the time, but the beauty of good technology was that he didn't have to understand it. Just use it.
Temple Grandin, Thinking in Pictures: My Life with Autism|I believe there is a reason such as autism, severe manic-depression, and schizophrenia remain in our gene pool even though there is much suffering as a result.
Emma Woolf, An Apple a Day: A Memoir of Love and Recovery from Anorexia|Why lie, Robert? Why lie? You know that lying is the alcoholics kryptonite, you can’t afford it, the reasonable voice in his head screamed.
Krista Ritchie, Ricochet|He understood privacy and freedom of expression were paramount to liberty, as incompatible as they may appear. One promoted yelling and screaming, while the other encouraged people to retreat and pull within. Yet, cornerstones to American democracy, people needed them both for the lives they took for granted.
Renata Bowers, Frieda B. and the Finkledee Ink|And although Frieda B. didn't feel it inside, the belief of her friend gave her courage to try.
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|So desperate was Kugel for things to turn out for the best, proclaimed Professor Jove, that he couldn't stop worrying about the worst. Hope, said Professor Jove, was Solomon Kugel's greatest failing.
Kiran Nagarkar|You can read all the books in the world on the Nazi concentration camps and the gas chambers, and yet reality will draw upon you only when you are put through that yourself. It is a law of God, or nature, if you prefer, that pain, suffering and grief cannot be transferred or known by proxy. Neither empathy nor sympathy but experience alone is a valid currency of affliction. It alone makes you a card-holding member all allows you to join the club of the wretched of the earth. All else is counterfeit.
Louis L'Amour|It's like in someways I've been trying to create without first destroying. Is such a concept possible? For too long I have feared myself, fear what I can create. In essence, I have feared creating myself.
Philip Shepard|The body is an organ of memory, holding traces of all our experiences. The land, too, carries the burden of all its changes. To truly see and understand a landscape is to see its depth as well as its smooth surfaces, its beauty and its scars.
John Connolly, The Burning Soul|There are some truths so terrible that they should not be spoken aloud, so appalling that even to acknowledge them is to risk sacrificing a crucial part of one's humanity, to exist in a colder, crueler world than before.
Lisa Schroeder, The Day Before|His kiss was like no other! His kiss was enchanted and fairy-tale like. He applied pressure, but just enough to feel his tenderness and warmth. I could feel his heart beating wildly as he pressed his chest against my chest all the while his loving lips brushed up against mine with a care-filled affection. His tongue lightly licked the outer edges of my mouth, and then searched for my tongue. The pursuit allowed a marriage of both tongues to meet - inspiring a mingling tango of hot and heavy French kissing to manifest profusely. We kissed like two hot and horny teenagers, our mouths moving and craving each others lips, in animalistic desires!
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|The view that man was ever to be drawn by some vision of the unattainable shining ahead, doomed ever to aspire, but not to achieve, my life and my values could not bring me to that.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Life is not only merriment,It is desire and determination.
Benjamin Disraeli|Courage, sacrifice, determination, commitment, toughness, heart, talent, guts. That's what little girls are made of.
Nikhil Shrivastava|No matter what, you cannot run from who you are.
C.J. Roberts, Captive in the Dark|Suddenly exhausted, she closes her eyes and slips into nightmares again. Graveyards rising out of the ocean. Her friends’ corpses in the light of their burning school. Skeletons ripping open men's chests and crawling inside. She endures it patiently, waiting for the horror film to end and the theater to go dark, those precious few hours of blackout that are her only respite.
Dorothy Day|The greatest challenge of the day is: how to bring about a revolution of the heart, a revolution which has to start with each one of us?
J. Sterling, The Perfect Game|Do you know, when I am with you I am not afraid at all. It is a magic altogether curious that happens inside the heart. I wish I could take it with me when I leave.It is sad, my Grey. We are constrained by the rules of this Game we play. There is not one little place under those rules for me to be with you happily. Or apart happily, which is what makes it so unfair.I have discovered a curious fact about myself. An hour ago I was sure you were dead, and it hurt very much. Now you are alive, and it is only that I must leave you, and I find that even more painful. That is not at all logical.Do you know the Symposium, Grey? The Symposium of Plato. [He] says that lovers are like two parts of an egg that fit together perfectly. Each half is made for the other, the single match to it. We are incomplete alone. Together, we are whole. All men are seeking that other half of themselves. Do you remember?I think you are the other half of me. It was a great mix-up in heaven. A scandal. For you there was meant to be a pretty English schoolgirl in the city of Bath and for me some fine Italian pastry cook in Palermo. But the cradles were switched somehow, and it all ended up like this…of an impossibility beyond words.I wish I had never met you. And in all my life I will not forget lying beside you, body to body, and wanting you.
Jessica Sorensen, The Coincidence of Callie & Kayden|Saige, Mother is . . .” I briefly close my eyes and swallow, clearing my mouth from saliva. “Mother is dead.
Caspar David Friedrich|You call me a misanthrope because I avoid society. You err; I love society. Yet in order not to hate people, I must avoid their company.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I must never equate the degree of pain as evidencing the incorrectness of a decision, for if I do I will default on some of the most critical decisions I should have ever made.
K.J. Kilton, Trophy Life|If you are trully in a place that is way from the noise of civilization,you can actually experience what real slience is about.It is filled with sounds of nature.There is a musicality,a harmony to it...
Aeschylus, Agamemnon|And there they ring the walls, the young, the lithe. The handsome hold the graves they won in Troy; the enemy earth rides over those who conquered.
Haruki Murakami, After the Quake|At this rate I never want to talk to you again. Stay mad at me, Allie. It allows us to communicate in other ways.
Sara Gruen, Water for Elephants|After sixty-one years together, she simply clutched my hand and exhaled.
Burke Marshall|I saw also that there was an ocean of darkness and death, but an infinite ocean of light and love, which flowed over the ocean of darkness.
Adam Johnson, The Orphan Master's Son|Gray rested his hand on Aric’s knee. “Sacrificed yourself, j-just like the giants.”“But I didn’t mean to! It’s only… the prince fell over the cliff, and I didn’t think at all, I just moved. I was the tallest and the strongest. I don’t think anyone else could have reached him in time. He was injured pretty badly. But I wasn’t a hero. I saw something that needed to be done, and I did it.”With a low chuckle, Gray squeezed his knee. “Th-that’s what heroes do, Aric.”“But I’m not
Logan Baker|It takes courage to share your gifting, but when you do, you have authority and a life changing attitude
Terry Pratchett, A Hat Full of Sky|Tiffany jumped when she saw a balloon sail up above the trees, catch the wind, and swoop away, but it turned out to be just a balloon and not a lump of excess Brian. She could tell this because it was followed by a long scream of rage mixed with a roar of complaint: “AAaargwannawannaaaagongongonaargggaaaaBLOON!” which is the traditional sound of a very small child learning that with balloons, as with life itself, it is important to know when not to let go of the string. The whole point of balloons is to teach small children this.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|We aren’t afraid of what we can explain.But the truth is stranger than an aimless road, it always was. The world was full of blinding mysteries, and I was blind to truth of what they were. There were things about the world I couldn’t understand.
Saga Valsalan|Some' strong decisions stamp you as 'rude'. But in future, they will realize that you were right. But be cautious about the 'Some'.
Lailah Gifty Akita|May the knowledge of the Gospel, the power of salvation transform our lives to walk in the light.
Sachin Kundalkar, Cobalt Blue|The structure of straight coupledom still represents an appropriation of the physical and psychic energy of women to benefit men. And insofar as gay people re-create the straight couple, this structure of violence, domination, and emotional paucity is what they are re-creating. Whatever Beyoncé says about not making a big deal out of the little things, marriage is no more the logical full extension of sexual desire than prison is the utmost expression of sheltering from a rainstorm
Lauren Oliver, Rooms|Readers can surprise you. Many times, they notice layers in your stories, that even you were not aware of while writing.
Francis Stuart Campbell, The Menace Of The Herd: Or, Procrustes At Large|An ant can't make a revolution, but a monkey can do; because it owns a fist! No real revolution is ever possible without fist.
A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad|They're both convincedthat a sudden passion joined them.Such certainty is beautiful,but uncertainty is more beautiful still.Since they'd never met before, they're surethat there'd been nothing between them.But what's the word from the streets, staircases, hallways--perhaps they've passed by each other a million times?I want to ask themif they don't remember--a moment face to facein some revolving door?perhaps a "sorry" muttered in a crowd?a curt "wrong number" caught in the receiver?but I know the answer.No, they don't remember.They'd be amazed to hearthat Chance has been toying with themnow for years.Not quite ready yetto become their Destiny,it pushed them close, drove them apart,it barred their path,stifling a laugh,and then leaped aside.There were signs and signals,even if they couldn't read them yet.Perhaps three years agoor just last Tuesdaya certain leaf flutteredfrom one shoulder to another?Something was dropped and then picked up.Who knows, maybe the ball that vanishedinto childhood's thicket?There were doorknobs and doorbellswhere one touch had covered another beforehand.Suitcases checked and standing side by side.One night, perhaps, the same dream,grown hazy by morning.Every beginningis only a sequel, after all,and the book of eventsis always open halfway through.
M.A. George, Aqua|Fair enough…No inhaling battery acid,” I smirk. “We can’t breathe batteryacid, can we?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|No one is exempt from the touch of tragedy: neither the Christian nor the non-Christian; neither the rich nor the poor; neither the leader or the commoner. Crossing all racial, social, political, and economic barriers, suffering reaches out to unite mankind.
Irvin weathersby Jr.|How vigilant we must be to ensure that we don’t allow our impression of Jesus to be held captive by the prevailing mores of our secular culture! Rather, it is essential that we continue to return to the Gospels to ensure that the reverse occurs: to allow Jesus to hold our hearts and imaginations captive in response to the dominant thinking of our time. For exiles trying to live faithfully within the host empire of post-Christendom, the Gospel stories are our most dangerous memories. They continue to fire our imaginations and remind us that it’s possible to thrive on foreign soil while serving Yahweh, but it’s the kind of thriving that often rejects popular wisdom. These stories are the standard by which we judge all other stories, all other descriptors of life today. If, after reading these dangerous biblical stories, you can’t imagine Jesus the Messiah as a televangelist, strutting around on stage in a flashy suit, playing it up for the cameras, then you are forced to reject this image and seek another mode of being Christ today.
|Most people might be doing the same thing, but that doesn't mean that it is the right thing to do. Aren't most people in this world unhappy and unsuccessful?
Edward O. Wilson, The social conquest of Earth|To be honest, my life has exhibited many strange and sometimes troubling characteristics, but shortness is not one of them. It feels like an eternity since I started school and a techno-social epoch since I moved to San Francisco. My phone couldn't even connect to the internet back then.
Michael Sheen|The day of parochialism in sports is over. The world is too small for what people like to call 'the good old days.' Fans want the best, wherever they come from.
Euginia Herlihy|God is the greatest problem solver, without Him we are doomed.
William Wordsworth|What though the radiance which was once so brightBe now for ever taken from my sight,Though nothing can bring back the hourOf splendour in the grass, of glory in the flower;We will grieve not, rather findStrength in what remains behind;In the primal sympathyWhich having been must ever be;In the soothing thoughts that springOut of human suffering;In the faith that looks through death,In years that bring the philosophic mind.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Real Friends' are someone who are right next to you when you got in emergency, not in only parties.
James Russell Lingerfelt, Alabama Irish|As a child, crisp spring afternoons were spent wading along Reedy Creek just beyond the field. Then came the heavy breeze in the autumn, pushing off the almond, auburn, sugar-yellow and apple-red leaves into the creek, providing rafts for dragonflies. In winter, the snow upon the wood became an eerie deep, and the occasional gliding of an owl would be spotted from our bedroom. Then, to spend an afternoon walking in a snowy wood and find a scarlet red cardinal perched on a white limb, you would think God arranged that picture just for you.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You don't need to know why God sent you to the earth before you say "yes" to what He sent you for! He wants you to prosper and he is the only one who knows "how?"!
Alan Bradley, As Chimney Sweepers Come to Dust|The soul, Daffy says, is not necessarily where the heart is.
Robert Frost|You must find a boy your own age. Someone mild and beautiful to be your lover. Someone who will tremble for your touch, offer you a marguerite by its long stem with his eyes lowered. Someone whose fingers are a poem.
William Hjortsberg, Falling Angel|I was examining the perfumed, coloured candles guaranteed to bring good fortune with continued use when a lovely mocha-skinned girl came in from the back room and stood behind the counter. She wore a white smock over her dress and looked about nineteen or twenty. Her wavy, shoulder-length hair was the colour of polished mahogany. A number of thin, silver hoops jingled on her fine-boned wrist. "May I help you?" she asked. Just beneath her carefully modulated diction lingered the melodic calypso lilt of the Caribbean.
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|If it were said that without such bones and sinews and all the rest of them I should not be able to do what I think is right, it would be true; but to say that it is because of them that I do what I am doing, and not through choice of what is best - although my actions are controlled by Mind - would be a very lax and inaccurate form of expression.
Tamora Pierce, Alanna: The First Adventure|I find I am constantly being encouraged to pluck out some one aspect of myself and present this as the meaningful whole, eclipsing or denying the other parts of self.
Shinobu Kaitani, Liar Game, Volume 4|I’m saying there is evil in the world,” Master Kit said, hefting the box on his hip, “and doubt is the weapon that guards against it.Yardem took the box from the old actor's hands and lifted it to the top of the pile."But if you doubt everything," the Tralgu said, "how can anything be justified?""Tentatively. And subject to later examination. It seems to me the better question is whether there's any virtue in committing to a permanent and unexamined certainty. I don't believe we can say that.
Walter Ernest Christopher James, Look to the Land|As was the case for Nobel's own invention of dynamite, the uses that are made of increased knowledge can serve both beneficial and potentially harmful ends. Increased knowledge clearly implies increased responsibility.
Taite Adams, E-Go: Ego Distancing Through Mindfulness, Emotional Intelligence, and the Language of Love|Clinton had displayed his lifelong tendency to make enemies of all his superiors, who never seemed to appreciate his advice as much as he thought it deserved.
Kiera Van Gelder, The Buddha and the Borderline: My Recovery from Borderline Personality Disorder through Dialectical Behavior Therapy, Buddhism, and Online Dating|Librarians are trained to be polite, patient, and helpful, no matter who stands across the reference desk.The most important thing is that we look them in the eye and take them seriously. Our work demands that we become dreamers, holding onto hope that our society can be better, that we affirm for our patrons that they are still part of this society, no matter how marginalized they have become. I was raised on the notion that the public library is a civilizing institution. And if our work calms someone's demons or teaches someone else how to treat the mentally ill with respect, then I am proud to be part of the process.
Harry Whitewolf, Underdogs Unite|Fascists always attack minorities,Which is an irony,'Cos fascists are a minority.
Edward T. Babinski|Don't creationists ever wonder about the fact that the paleontologists found ape-like skulls with the 'human leg and foot bones,' rather than the other way around, i.e., human skulls with 'ape leg and foot bones?' . . . Come on, creationists, think about it! Did God hide the human skulls, only leaving behind leg and foot bones belonging to human midgets with misshapen feet, and mix such bones only with the skulls of ape-like creatures with larger cranial capacities than living apes? What a 'kidder' the creationists' God must be.
Nicos Hadjicostis, Destination Earth- A New Philosophy of Travel by a World-Traveler|Legs: the symbol of my solitude, my individual path, my uniqueness. Arms: the symbol of togetherness, my connection to others, my belonging to the human race. My legs make me who I am; they create my solitary path. My arms make me who I belong to; they connect me to the world.
Nicholas Stoller|There is no utter truth or utter falsehood in this world. There is only mostly. Which part of the mostly you choose to accept, well, that much is up to you.
|No matter the level of opposition from external forces, whoever God has elevated, will definitely stay elevated.
A.E. Samaan|Life in this form is one-time chance, death is the inevitable consequence for anyone who is born. The record of one’s death is the primary respect one could render to the lost one. Tears of all relatives of missing people are indeed flowing due to this invaluable action by the authority.
Amira Aly, Egypt: The Uprising (The Battle for Maat, #1)|You speak good words, child, but sometimes what lies within is much darker. The line between justice and revenge is then. Justice is order; revenge is chaos. If revenge is your innermost desire, you will be destroyed upon entering into the hall
Henry Rollins|The death of marriage has been announced so often and would seem so normal, in a sense. So what's surprising is the sheer longevity and tenacity of this institution.
Gary McCord|If I weren't earning $3 million a year to dunk a basketball, most people on the street would run in the other direction if they saw me coming.
Thomas A. Edison|Real success is not, like, materialistic. It's being where you want to be when you want to be; just living your life how you feel; having an ultimate goal and being able to accomplish it.
Pramoedya Ananta Toer, The Mute's Soliloquy: a Memoir|Funny, though, I don't feel too bad.
Nathan Filer, The Shock of the Fall|She's known sadness. That's what it is. I only just thought that as I wrote it. She's known sadness, and it has made her kind.
Henry David Thoreau, The Quotable Thoreau|There was no one to complain to in the woods, so I did not complain,' Knight said.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|... there are other proud people who have low self-esteem. They feel they haven't lived up to their potential. They feel unworthy. They want to hide and disappear, to fade into the background and nurse their own hurts. We don't associate them with pride, but they are still, at root, suffering from the same disease. They are still yoking happiness to accomplishment; it's just that they are giving themselves a D- rather than an A+. They tend to be just as solipsistic, and in their own way as self-centered, only in a self-pitying and isolating way rather than in an assertive and bragging way.
Neale Donald Walsch|Life is a creation, not a discovery
Kate Capshaw|The moment somebody says to me  "This is very risky " is the moment it becomes attractive to me.
Herta Müller, The Hunger Angel|No words are adequate for the suffering caused by hunger. To this day I have to show hunger that I escaped his grasp. Ever since I stopped having to go hungry, I literally eat life itself. And when I eat, I am locked up inside the taste of eating. For sixty years, ever since I came back from the camp, I have been eating against starvation.
Terry Pratchett|He'd never asked for an exciting life. What he really liked, what he sought on every occasion, was boredom. The trouble was that boredom tended to explode in your face. Just when he thought he'd found it he'd be suddenly involved in what he supposed other people - thoughtless, feckless people - would call an adventure. And he'd be forced to visit many strange lands and meet exotic and colourful people, although not for very long because usually he'd be running. He'd seen the creation of the universe, although not from a good seat, and had visited Hell and the afterlife. He'd been captured, imprisoned, rescued, lost and marooned. Sometimes it had all happened on the same day.
Joe Biden|Many foreclosed homes are neglected or abandoned, as legal proceedings or other factors delay their resale. Deteriorating or vacant properties can, in turn, directly affect the quality of life in a neighborhood, for example, by leading to increases in vandalism or crime.
Shahla Khan|The trouble with me is, Treece thought, that I'm a liberal humanist who believes in original sin. I think of man as a noble creature who has only to extend himself to the full range of his powers to be civilized and good; yet his performance by and large has been intrinsically evil and could be more so as the extension continues.
Martin R. Lemieux|To be young and not to know how, is bearable; to be old and not have the strength, is too great a weight to carry. And what's is so painful you can't sense your powers leaving you. It's hard for an old man to ensure such blows!
Meryl Streep|Dad needs to show an incredible amount of respect and humor and friendship toward his mate so the kids understand their parents are sexy, they're fun, they do things together, they're best friends. Kids learn by example. If I respect Mom, they're going to respect Mom.
Haroutioun Bochnakian, The Human Consensus and The Ultimate Project Of Humanity|Grace doesn't grease the wheels of the law. Grace isn't God's way of jury rigging a broken law. It's the other way around. The law is just one small cog in a world animated entirely--from top to bottom, from beginning to end--by grace.
Josh Lanyon, Fair Game|All cynics are disappointed idealists. The more stars in the eyes, the harder the fall.
John Piper, Finally Alive: What Happens When We Are Born Again?|My feelings are not God. God is God. My feelings do not define truth. God’s word defines truth. My feelings are echoes and responses to what my mind perceives. And sometimes - many times - my feelings are out of sync with the truth. When that happens - and it happens every day in some measure - I try not to bend the truth to justify my imperfect feelings, but rather, I plead with God: Purify my perceptions of your truth and transform my feelings so that they are in sync with the truth.
Jean M. Grant, A Hundred Kisses|You're special, Deirdre, and don't ever think otherwise.
Theodore Roosevelt|Once a musician has enough ability to get into a top music school, the thing that distinguishes one performer from another is how hard he or she works. That's it. And what's more, the people at the very top don't work just harder or even much harder than everyone else. They work much, much harder.
Jennifer E. Smith, The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight|Fred and George, however, found all this very funny. They went out oftheir way to march ahead of Harry down the corridors, shouting, "Make way forthe Heir of Slytherin, seriously evil wizard coming through ......Percy was deeply disapproving of this behavior."It is not a laughing matter," he said coldly."Oh, get out of the way, Percy," said Fred. "Harry's in a hurry.""Yeah, he's off to the Chamber of Secrets for a cup of tea with his fangedservant," said George, chortling.Ginny didn't find it amusing either."Oh, don't," she wailed every time Fred asked Harry loudly who he wasplanning to attack next, or when George pretended to ward Harry off with a largeclove of garlic when they met.
Peter Jackson|My dad and I are best friends. He's pretty much responsible for the way I turned out. He would provide a little artistic inspiration here and there in the form of a guitar, stuff like that.
Wole Soyinka|I don't like the word 'poetry,' and I don't like poetry readings, and I usually don't like poets. I would much prefer describing myself and what I do as: I'm kind of a curator, and I'm kind of a night-owl reporter.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|The Ancestors were from Africa and entered into Australia 50,000 years ago. They would have eaten food from indigenous life from their area almost immediately. They harvest most of the day, and eat this food. The AM looks like a food source they already eat in Africa. It is highly likely they did eat it. This is still not enough to say it had connection to religion, but it is enough to say they ate it, in all probability. Forensic DNA shows again that they did eat it, as the retrovirus that was on Amanita Muscaria can only be transferred via consumption by humans and it is known that AM is a vector for this virus. Since they forage daily and consume what they forage it puts the consumption just around the time of 50,000 years ago.
Seamus Heaney|Blinking, twinkling, burning brightAre all the stars that light the night.Dippers, Ursa's and Orion too,But don't forget the star in you.
Paul Morris Segal, Raising Angels|It's more like how some people can't help but bring out the not necessarily righteous parts of your personality. Like how you meet someone and instantly know they're a full-time professional victim, and no matter how hard you try, something takes over and you can't help needling them.
Shannon Lynette|I am telling himwhat he wants to hear: antsdying of love underthe constellation of the dandelion.I swear that a white rose,sprinkled with wine, sings.I am laughing, tiltingmy head carefullyas if checking an invention.I am dancing, dancingin astonished skin, inan embrace that creates me.
Frank Lampard|Happiness is a journey, not a journey's end.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Double Comfort Safari Club|Adventures, I reflected, are all very fine but a certain amount of civilised comfort forms the true kernel of our desires.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|When it comes to things such as sugar and rice, most people believe that brown is superior to white. But when it comes to human beings, they believe that the opposite is true.
Gisela Hausmann "Naked Determination 41 Stories About Overcoming Fear"|Ideas pull the trigger, but instinct loads the gun.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Ruth|She then thought the land enchanted into everlasting brightness and happiness; she fancied, then, that into a region so lovely no bale or woe could enter, but would be charmed away and disappear before the sight of the glorious guardian mountains. Now she knew the truth, that earth has no barrier which avails against agony.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Emotionally intelligent people hold themselves accountable for their behavior, failures, decisions, and successes.
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|Your... Your aura. It's... amazing. It's shining. I mean, it always shines, but today... Well I've never seen anything like it. I didn't expect that after everything that happened.'I shifted around uncomfortably. If I lit up around Dimitri normally, what on earth happened to my aura post-sex?
Sameh Elsayed|The organization of supplies, the command of men, anything in any way constructive requires more than intellect; it requires energy and drive and an unrelenting will to serve the cause, regardless of one's personal interests.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Your mind can be your enemy or friend. If you always follow your heart, your mind will feel neglected. If you follow only your mind, your heart will never forgive you. Never ignore your conscience, yet always be conscious of reason. Make your heart and mind friends and you will have peace of mind throughout life's seasons.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe|God is not a scientific hypothesis that might rival evolution. To think he is reduces the Creator to a creature, a highly creative force within the universe. God is not an occupant of the universe at all, but an answer to the question "why is there a universe?" God and many concepts of evolution can exist quite happily.
Richard Finney, Demon Days: Angel of Light|but true love goes far deeper than that. It is an unexplainable connection of the heart, one that endures triumph and tragedy, pain and suffering, obstacles and loss. It is something that is either present or missing - there is no "almost", "in between", "most of the time." It is the unexplainable reason that some marriages entered into after one-week courtships can last a lifetime. Its absence is why "perfect" marriages fall apart. It can't be quantified or explained in science, religion, or philosophy. It can't be advised on by friends or marriage counselors who can't take their own advice. There are no rules, no how-to books, no guaranteed methods of success. It is not defined by vows or rings or promises of tomorrow. It is simply a miracle of God, that too few are blessed to experience.
Mark Epstein, Open to Desire: Embracing a Lust for Life - Insights from Buddhism and Psychotherapy|While the primary function of formal Buddhist meditation is to create the possibility of the experience of "being," my work as a therapist has shown me that the demands of intimate life can be just as useful as meditation in moving people toward this capacity. Just as in formal meditation, intimate relationships teach us that the more we relate to each other as objects, the greater our disappointment. The trick, as in meditation, is to use this disappointment to change the way we relate.
Gregory Benford, Foundation's Fear|Human life is a voyage on a sea of meaning, not a net of information.
Barbara Kyle, The Experiment|Life is for running at full on, not running away from with a whimper...
Yuval Noah Harari, קיצור תולדות האנושות|Being rich and coming from a distinguished family background doesn't guarantee happiness, Abby. In fact, it might make happiness harder to find because you have to live up to akk that expectation.
Lilly Black, A Jade's Trick|It was while he was fixing the footage Max had given him that the doubts about the disc Bernardo had played for him began toplague him with ever growing strength. Alessandro couldn’t contemplate his father doing something so cruel but…Bernardo would certainly know how. Hell, Bernardo had taught him how to fiddle with electronics when he was still a teenager. And he wanted Alessandro under his control, under his roof. Knowing that Alessandro was trying to keep his family together and that entailed moving into their own house, out from the Dardano mansion, would Bernardo try to turn him with false information?
Michael Bassey Johnson|There are better people in the world, do not let the worst do the worst to you, you deserve the best in life.
Philip Yancey, The Jesus I Never Knew|Power, no matter how well-intentioned, tends to cause suffering. Love, being vulnerable, absorbs it. In a point of convergence on a hill called Calvary, God renounced the one for the sake of the other.
Henri J.M. Nouwen|A friend is more than a therapist or confessor, even though a friend can sometimes heal us and offer us God's forgiveness. A friend is that other person with whom we can share our solitude, our silence, and our prayer. A friend is that other person with whom we can look at a tree and say, "Isn't that beautiful," or sit on the beach and silently watch the sun disappear under the horizon. With a friend we don't have to say or do something special. With a friend we can be still and know that God is there with both of us.
Christian Louboutin|You can design and create, and build the most wonderful place in the world. But it takes people to make the dream a reality.
Suzanne Finnamore, The Zygote Chronicles|He seriously thought that there is less harm in killing a man than producing a child: in the first case you are relieving someone of life, not his whole life but a half or a quarter or a hundredth part of that existence that is going to finish, that would finish without you; but as for the second, he would say, are you not responsible to him for all the tears he will shed, from the cradle to the grave? Without you he would never have been born, and why is he born? For your amusement, not for his, that’s for sure; to carry your name, the name of a fool, I’ll be bound – you may as well write that name on some wall; why do you need a man to bear the burden of three or four letters?
Daniel Handler, Adverbs|Lesson in life, kids. Life isn't like the movies, but you can sure as hell act like it is
Earlene Fowler, Steps to the Altar|Intimacy makes you feel unique. Intimacy makes you feel as though you have been singled out, that someone in the world believes you have special qualities that nobody else has.
Angela Carter, The Sadeian Woman: And the Ideology of Pornography|The wise old fairy tales never were so silly as to say that the prince and the princess lived peacefully ever afterwards. The fairy tales said that the prince and princess lived happily ever afterwards; and so they did. They lived happily, although it is very likely that from time to time they threw the furniture at each other.
Mayandree Michel, Sacrifice|I didn't simply want children - I probably could have found someone who would have been willing to do the baby thing - I wanted them with her. I longed to see the sparkle of her eyes in the eyes of a child; to have that infectious laugh of hers coming out of a baby's mouth as I tickled them; I wanted to hold a child in my arms and look at it and see her and me, our genes combined to make another human being. When it came to me that that would never happen, I put my fist through the back door. All these little things kept coming to me, all the "I'll nevers", but that was the worst one. I grieved for the children we'd never have almost as much as I'd grieved for her.
Tasha Alexander, A Fatal Waltz|Lo!" cried the demon. "I am here! What dost thou seek of me? Why dost thou disturb my repose? Smite me no more with that dread rod!" He looked at Cabal. "Where's your dread rod?""I left it at home," replied Cabal. "Didn't think I really needed it.""You can't summon me without a dread rod!" said Lucifuge, appalled."You're here, aren't you?""Well, yes, but under false pretences. You haven't got a goatskin or two vervain crowns or two candles of virgin wax made by a virgin girl and duly blessed. Have you got the stone called Ematille?""I don't even know what Ematille is."Neither did the demon. He dropped the subject and moved on. "Four nails from the coffin of a dead child?""Don't be fatuous.""Half a bottle of brandy?""I don't drink brandy.""It's not for you.""I have a hip flask," said Cabal, and threw it to him. The demon caught it and took a dram."Cheers," said Lucifuge, and threw it back. They regarded each other for a long moment. "This really is a shambles," the demon added finally. "What did you summon me for, anyway?
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Getting in touch with the lovelessness within and letting that lovelessness speak its pain is one way to begin again on love's journey. In relationships, whether heterosexual or homosexual, the partner who is hurting often finds that their mate is unwilling to 'hear' the pain. Women often tell me that they feel emotionally beaten down when their partners refuse to listen or talk. When women communicate from a place of pain, it is often characterized as 'nagging.' Sometimes women hear repeatedly that their partners are 'sick of listening to this shit.' Both cases undermine self-esteem. Those of us who were wounded in childhood often were shamed and humiliated when we expressed hurt. It is emotionally devastating when the partners we have chosen will not listen. Usually, partners who are unable to respond compassionately when hearing us speak our pain, whether they understand it or not, are unable to listen because that expressed hurt triggers their own feelings of powerlessness and helplessness. Many men never want to feel helpless or vulnerable. They will, at times, choose to silence a partner with violence rather than witness emotional vulnerability. When a couple can identify this dynamic, they can work on the issue of caring, listening to each other's pain by engaging in short conversations at appropriate times (i.e., it's useless to try and speak your pain to someone who is bone weary, irritable, reoccupied, etc.). Setting a time when both individuals come together to engage in compassionate listening enhances communication and connection. When we are committed to doing the work of love we listen even when it hurts.
Michael Ventura, Letters at 3am|The skin is an integral part of the body and depends upon the general system for its supply of food and to carry away its waste. Skin health depends primarily upon the general health of the body. All attempts to deal with the skin as an independent entity, without due regard to its reliance upon the general system, must of necessity result in failure. The skin is nourished by the blood and there is no other source from which it can draw sustenance. "Skin foods" are all frauds. These are composed chiefly of grease. No fat can be assimilated by the skin or other tissues of the body until it has first been broken down into its constituent fatty acids in the process of digestion. Even were this not true, the skin contains very little fat and these "skin foods" would still not constitute proper nourishment for it. Blood is the only skin food.
Will Self|The way we live is changing. Each year, our free time shrinks a little more as computers clamor for an increasing percentage of our attention.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We shall know how to live better, if we read the Holy Bible.
Joe Reyes, Aftermath|When the bombs fell, it wasn't a war; it was an obliteration. No one had any idea who shot first or why.
Rachael Wade, Declaration|He's the light that guided me to where I am now, out of the darkness, out of despair.
Jessi Kirby, Golden|Yes, I know," Isadora said, and then read her poem, leaning forward so Carmelita Spats would not overhear:"I would rather eat a bowl of vampire batsthan spend an hour with Carmelita Spats."The Baudelaires giggled and then covered their mouths so nobody would know they were laughing at Carmelita."That was great," Klaus said. "I like the part about the bowl of bats.
Deyth Banger|Hello,I know that now you - father you are reading thisFuck you, fuck you, how did you decide to suicide fucking bastard!...
Raymond Chandler, The Little Sister|There is cruelty in the world Eliza, you can see that, can't you?It surrounds us. It breathes on us. We spend our life trying to escape it.
Michael Vito Tosto, Portrait of an Infidel: The Acerbic Account of How a Passionate Christian Became an Ardent Atheist|Ergo, while the Argument from Design appears to be a nice, neat answer to account for the presence of a multifarious Universe, the truth is that it backfires on itself, shifting the need for an explanation back and back and back…and back…without end, without resolution. This is called an infinite regress, and its presence in the logic of the argument fails to prove the existence of God; if anything, it reveals that the idea of a designer is patently ridiculous, even more so than a godless Cosmos. The argument therefore answers nothing; it merely moves the mystery of origins to an even higher level, demanding that the Creator have his own Creator.
Lois Lowry, Son|That had day changed him. It had changed the entire village. Shaken by the death of a boy they had loved, each person found ways to be more worthy of the sacrifice he had made. They had become kinder, more careful, more attentive to one another.
Father Brown|I think we understand each other a little better, and that's never a bad thing.
osvaldo yambi|The word of God, softens every harden heart.
Kresley Cole, Poison Princess|Truth is, something exists, and everything exists for a reason. Regardless if the reason is known or unknown, knowable or unknowable, reason exists and can be named.
Dani Harper, The Holiday Spirit|Magic is magic. It isn’t good or bad in and of itself. It’s the intent that matters. Ideally, you treat magic as a gift and you use it to influence natural forces to help and to heal. It’s a positive act.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|The requirement for the United States to craft a national security strategy (NSS) document was first codified in the National Security Act of 1947, and amended by the Goldwater-Nichols Department of Defense Reorganization Act of 1986. The 1986 amendment requires the President to submit the document on an annual basis to Congress to provide a comprehensive report on U.S. national security strategy. Both pieces of legislation mandate that the strategy include a "comprehensive description and discussion of worldwide interests, goals, and objectives...that are vital to the national security of the United States." It would also address foreign policy, world wide military commitments, U.S. national defense capabilities, short- and long-term uses of the elements of national power, and the requirement to have the strategy transmitted to Congress in both classified and unclassified form. A number of national security strategies were developed over time prior to the Goldwater-Nichols legislation, to include what many believe was the most significant grand strategy of the era, NSC-68, the key containment strategy against Soviet and Chinese communism. All were crafted during the pre-Goldwater-Nichals Act period at the classified level.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Conscious Parenting: Mindful Living Course for Parents|A child has a deep longing to discover that the World is based on Truth. Respect that longing. In our attempt to help children grow into Inspired Adults, we wish them to carry the Youthfulness of their Souls, and the Wonders of Childhood into their old age.'Conscious Parenting by Natasa Pantovic Nuit Quotes about kids and world based on truth
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wind's Twelve Quarters|We all have forests on our minds. Forests unexplored, unending. Each one of us gets lost in the forest, every night, alone.
Betsy Lerner, The Forest for the Trees|But I also believe there is enormous value in the piece of writing that goes no further than the one person for whom it was intended, that no combination of written words is more eloquent than those exchanged in letters between lovers or friends, or along the pale blue lines of private diaries, where people take communion with themselves.
Jeff Deck, The Great Typo Hunt: Two Friends Changing the World, One Correction at a Time|We speak, and write, in one of the most diverse, gloriously ecumenical tongues on the planet. In English, there is a word or phrase for pretty much anything we want to say, and if there isn't, we make it up, and it is welcomed into the family. We can express ourselves as complexly or as simply as we like. We can be magniloquent didacts, or we can talk plain.
Auliq Ice|All successful people learn to navigate diverse personalities. So don't loose hopes after failure, try other ways and you'll reach there.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|I wanted so badly to lie down next to her on the couch, to wrap my arms around her and sleep. Not fuck, like in those movies. Not even have sex. Just sleep together in the most innocent sense of the phrase. But I lacked the courage and she had a boyfriend and I was gawky and she was gorgeous and I was hopelessly boring and she was endlessly fascinating. So I walked back to my room and collapsed on the bottom bunk, thinking that if people were rain, I was drizzle and she was hurricane.
Patrick Bryant, Hum A Radiant Sickness|If you can't stomach an ending, don't begin.
Mark Twain|The source of all humor is not laughter, but sorrow.
Anton Chekhov|There is nothing more awful, insulting, and depressing than banality.
Beryl Markham, West with the Night|(On WWI:)A man of importance had been shot at a place I could not pronounce in Swahili or in English, and, because of this shooting, whole countries were at war. It seemed a laborious method of retribution, but that was the way it was being done. ...A messenger came to the farm with a story to tell. It was not a story that meant much as stories went in those days. It was about how the war progressed in German East Africa and about a tall young man who was killed in it. ... It was an ordinary story, but Kibii and I, who knew him well, thought there was no story like it, or one as sad, and we think so now.The young man tied his shuka on his shoulder one day and took his shield and his spear and went to war. He thought war was made of spears and shields and courage, and he brought them all.But they gave him a gun, so he left the spear and the shield behind him and took the courage, and went where they sent him because they said this was his duty and he believed in duty. ...He took the gun and held it the way they had told him to hold it, and walked where they told him to walk, smiling a little and looking for another man to fight.He was shot and killed by the other man, who also believed in duty, and he was buried where he fell. It was so simple and so unimportant.But of course it meant something to Kibii and me, because the tall young man was Kibii's father and my most special friend. Arab Maina died on the field of action in the service of the King. But some said it was because he had forsaken his spear.
A.E. Samaan|The Awakening Land" p614 But what in God's name did folks today want to make the whole world over like they were for? In her time in the woods, everybody she knew was egged on to be his own special self. He could live and think like he wanted to and no two humans you met up with were alike. Each had his own particular beliefs and his reasons for owning to them. Folks were a joy to talk to then, for all were different. Even the simple-minded were original in their own notions. They either mad you laugh or gave you pause. But folks in Americus today seemed mighty tiresome and getting more so. If you saw one, you saw most. If you heard one talk, it's likely you heard the rest. They were creacked on living like everybody else, according to the fashion, and if you were so queer and outlandish as to go your own way and do what you liked, it bothered their 'narve strings' so they were liable to lock you up in one of their newfangled asylums or take you home where they could hold you down to their way of doing...
Mehmet Murat ildan|A journey deep into the Kingdom of Nature is always a mysterious journey, a Sufistic voyage, a spiritual trip!
Octavia E. Butler|Prayers only help the person doing the praying, and then, only if they strengthen and focus that person's resolve.
Darrell Calkins|What is at the base of shame or guilt? It is the consciousness of an imbalance, or of an action in the past that has caused, and probably continues to cause, suffering.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|No, not like this, when I have not seen you without your skin on, when I know nothing, when I am not safe. Not you, whose name all my nightmares know.
Michael Korda|Sometimes you forget you're famous. You wonder, 'Why is that person staring at me?'
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Julio was willing to bet that Officer "I've Seen It All" Mac had never seen a horde of black-skinned demons wearing rags and armor and carrying swords and spears, dragging a naked woman and a chubby boy by a rope. No, he was willing to bet his left nut that even officer Mac had never seen such a thing.
Andrea Michelle, Escape the Doubt|In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take.
Tom Robbins, Still Life with Woodpecker|Albert Camus wrote that the only serious question is whether to kill yourself or not.Tom Robbins wrote that the only serious question is whether time has a beginning and an end.Camus clearly got up on the wrong side of bed, and Robbins must have forgotten to set the alarm.There is only one serious question. And that is: Who knows how to make love stay?Answer me that and I will tell you whether or not to kill yourself.
Margaret Atwood, The Edible Woman|It was always embarrassing when professors assigned their own books. Even Madeleine, who found all the reading hard going, could tell that Zipperstein’s contribution to the field was reformulative and second-tier.
Nikhil Sharda, Sans Destination|The sky above us seems huge, vast. It’s clear and crisp and visibility is so good that, when I look up, I feel like I'm staring at an inverted, endless ocean. I'm sure the blue is the colour of water above sand and the tiny, wispy clouds look like waves breaking over distant swells. I envy the birds I see overhead, zipping joyfully from left to right and so far above the death and decay that pollute the lower levels. A day like this should be enjoyed completely. I should be able to forget what dwells in the towns around us, I should find it in myself to dismiss what happened at that crossing, I should.
Atul Gawande, The Checklist Manifesto: How to Get Things Right|All involve risk, uncertainty, and complexity — and therefore steps that are worth committing to a checklist and testing in routine care. Good checklists could become as important as doctors and nurses as good stethoscopes (which, unlike checklist, have never been proved to make a difference in patient care). The hard question — still unanswered — is whether medical culture can seize the opportunity.
Jess C. Scott, Playmates|It screamed downward, splitting air and sky without effort. A target expanded in size, brought into focus by time and velocity. There was a moment before impact that was the last instant of things as they were. Then the visible world exploded.
Agatha Christie, Murder in Mesopotamia|Somehow, the more I get older, and the more I see of people and sadness and illness and everything, the sorrier I get for everyone.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|It is a pleasurable thing to earn the admiration of others, but it is a far better feeling to honestly admire thyself.
Robert Anton Wilson, Cosmic Trigger Volume I: Final Secret of the Illuminati|...when dogma enters the brain, all intellectual activity ceases. 
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|Be a control freak and people will avoid you. Live and let live, and people will get closer to you and do the same for you.
Bernice L. McFadden, Sugar|If you are happy, don’t analyse your happiness, don’t ask questions and don’t even think about it; just live it to the fullest!
Muktinath Vishwakarma|Be optimistic. Surely, you will reach your goals by the grace of God.
Nabil Basma|If the Opportunity is not there, You be there for it!
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Wars are won from a wink, a gesture, an event that transpired a millennium before the battle. Humanity has always been saved by small acts; the ones where someone gained a piece of their own puzzle, not the ones where a hero stood prodigious on a battlefield.
A.C. Grayling|Oh, had I, weak and faint of speech, words to teach my fellow-creatures the beauty and capabilities of man's mind; could I, or could one more fortunate, breathe the magic word which would reveal to all the power, which we all possess, to turn evil to good, foul to fair; then vice and pain would desert the new-born world!It is not thus: the wise have taught, the good suffered for us; we are still the same; and still our own bitter experience and heart-breaking regrets teach us to sympathize too feelingly with a tale like this.
Paul Tillich|Existentialism is about being a saint without God; being your own hero, without all the sanction and support of religion or society.
Donna Grant, Burning Desire: Part 1|He rose up over her, intending to enter her when she suddenly sat up and shoved at his shoulders. He fell onto his back with a grunt. Shara was on all fours, her hair tousled, as she crawled toward him.In all his millennia of life, he had never seen anything so sexy. His cock twitched, and her gaze lowered to his engorged arousal.
Kara G. Durbin, Parenting With Scripture: A Topical Guide for Teachable Moments|Encourage obeying "all the way, right away, and in a happy way.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A wise person strives to reach self-transcendence by engaging in delicate contemplation, while avoiding the snare of self-denigration’s negative invocation. An overshadowing sense of a caustic self can be destructive, whereas an encircling sense of a kindhearted self allows a person to express the profundity and elation of a feral creature curiously exploring nature’s glorious playground.
Andy Biersack|In terms of the first Christmas when I met everybody, I went over to Nick's grandfather's house where they were having the big Christmas dinner, and they have this tradition of this thing called oyster stew.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|We will always have STEM with us. Some things will drop out of the public eye and will go away, but there will always be science, engineering, and technology. And there will always, always be mathematics.
Lorna Landvik, Oh My Stars|Admittedly, I am not the one who looks fantastic in everything, but still I cannot help loving myself.
Unknown|It's bad manners to say " i love you"With a mouth full of lies.
Ehsan Sehgal|A mother's lap is the strongest hub and school of each religion. In other words, the mother breezes and waves the religion since the mother is a religion.
Evander Holyfield|You have to let fear go. Another lesson is you just have to believe in yourself; you just have to. There's no way around it. No matter how things are stacked against you, you just have to every time.
lauren klarfeld|If we love someone deeply, be they friends, family or lovers, don’t treat the relationship like a playground game of back and forth or tit for tat. See it as a loving connection and let that be the basis of it all.
Richard Price, Clockers|On the nights they went to bed at the same time, Rocco would lie there and watch her go to the closet, watch her choose either silky slips or mannish shirts, like running up sex flags from across the room.
Elisabeth Rohm|There is that awful moment when you realize that you’re falling in love. That should be the most joyful moment, and actually it’s not. It’s always a moment that’s full of fear because you know, as night follows day, the joy is going to rapidly be followed by some pain or other. All the angst of a relationship.
Frithjof Schuon, Gnosis: Divine Wisdom: A New Translation with Selected Letters|It is of the extraordinary insights of Imam Malik that the first section of his Muwatta'*, which precedes even the section on ritual purity, is on the times of the prayer. It is the times of prayer that obligate purity. Observing the times of prayer is the first thing we do when we wake and the last thing we do before retiring to bed; it is done in the middle of the day and in its decline. It is an unrelenting reminder of to whom we belong, why we are here, and where we are going.
Tullian Tchividjian|Deeper fulfilment is rather different from the happiness of seeing a good film or watching your team win at football, and it doesn't come at the push of a button.
Susan Froderberg, Old Border Road: A Novel|A scratching of melody comes from the radio, chords rising open as the land that carries us, rhythm mimicking our passage down the road, harmony making this life seem it should be only that. We sing along to what songs have always been about- beginning, going on, breaking up, forgiving, We sing in missed words and broken phrases as glints of tiger moths fly at us like snow, streaking the windshield over.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|I found myself stuck into a Gertrude’s Dream Waltz universe. Like Gertrude, I was trapped inside a body that bellied little of the person inside, while simultaneously ensnared in a home filled with people that looked like the person inside the unsightly body.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes|A dog reflects the family life. Whoever saw a frisky dog in a gloomy family, or a sad dog in a happy one? Snarling people have snarling dogs, dangerous people have dangerous ones.
Aberjhani|A poet is a verb that blossoms light in gardens of dawn, or sometimes midnight.
Asper Blurry, Train to the Edge of the Moon|Sometimes you're trying so hard to get your life together and still it's not enough, everything is falling apart. What to do, you're asking. Just keep going through hell for yourself, not for everyone else. Richer with that wisdom, I will build my happiness from nothing. I will rise from the dust. And I will do it on my own. I will live for myself and I won’t look at the others.
Katie  Hafner, Mother Daughter Me|This, I suspect, is the territory that lies just ahead and around the curve of today. A place where loss grows more familiar, where joy is harmonized by sorrow, where endings outnumber beginnings, and where kindness becomes a sacrament.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|We too, must shatter the mirrors. We must look in to ourselves and root out the distortions until that thing which we know in our hearts is perfect and true, stands before us.
Maria Erving|... intuition is really a sudden immersion of the soul into the universal current of life, where the histories of all people are connected, and we are able to know everything, because it's all written there.
Earl Lovelace, Salt|But there could be no doubt that greatness was seated within; greatness was passing, hidden, down Bond Street, removed only by a hand's-breadth from ordinary people who might now, for the first and last time, be within speaking distance of the majesty of England, of the enduring symbol of the state which will be known to curious antiquaries, sifting the ruins of time, when London is a grass-grown path and all those hurrying along the pavement this Wednesday morning are but bones with a few wedding rings mixed up in their dust and the gold stoppings of innumerable decayed teeth.
Dominic Riccitello|His love was a poison: soft and loveable, hideous yet touchable.
Marianne Williamson|It's one of the greatest gifts you can give yourself, to forgive. Forgive everybody.
Justin Young|I have two questions for you: one, what kind of person do you want to be? Two, what kind of music would I find on your playlist? If any answer in the second question is in conflict with your answer to the first question, you may want to make a few changes.
Stacy London|I firmly believe that every six years, a person goes through a serious change. Think about it: At 6, you start school. At about 12, you start hitting puberty. And then it goes on. You start hitting these different mental levels, and people change. I think that's part of the reason the divorce rate is so high.
Sunday Adelaja|Slow down; live fast, Who’s right and who’s not?Who am I to tell you so?Seek within; pray to the man above,Who’s right, and who’s wrong?But who am I to tell you so?Man created God on his own image,God created Satan, and Satan created man,But who is right and who’s not?Who the hell am I to tell you so?Live fast or slow, Create your demons and conquer your fears,Seek within, or look up and hope for the man above,No one’s right, no one’s wrongBut, who am I to tell you so?
Victor Hugo|A library implies an act of faith which generations, still in darkness hid, sign in their night in witness of the dawn." (1872)
Emmuska Orczy|Loneliness is my worst enemy, but in the end he's usually my only real friend.
Criss Jami, Salomé: In Every Inch In Every Mile|Seemingly minor yet persistent things penetrate the mind over time making it difficult to ever realize the impact; hence, though quite unfortunate, the most dangerous forms of corruption are those that are subtle and below the radar.
Ed Lynskey, The Quetzal Motel|His agility surprised Phoebe Ash. She saw the plaster cast on his right leg. Funny messages in ink—“Go break the left one, tiger!”—had been written on the off-white plaster.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Endless faith,Infinite hope.
Stefan Molyneux|In this present crisis, government is not the solution to our problem, government IS the problem. It isn't so much that liberals are ignorant, it's just that they know so much that isn't so.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|Memories begin to creep forward from hidden corners of your mind. Passing disappointments. Lost chances and lost causes. Heartbreaks and pain and desolate, horrible loneliness. Sorrows you thought long forgotten mingle with still-fresh wounds.
Edward O. Wilson|If you really think that the enviroment is less important than the economy, try holding your breath while you count your money.
Antonya Nelson|A more secret, sweet, and overpowering beauty appears to man when his heart and mind open to the sentiment of virtue.
John Ajvide Lindqvist, Let the Right One In|There was no one to be seen so she gave in freely to her sobs as she made her way home, pressed her arms against her stomach; the pain lodged in there like an ill-tempered f
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I am joyfully responsible for myself, my own happiness, and creating a joyful life.
William C. Placher, A History of Christian Theology, Second Edition: An Introduction|The Anselmian call for "faith seeking understanding" may start and gather it's energy not in rational study of past theological points but in the pursuit to make sense of our concrete and lived experiences of Jesus who finds us in a hole, knocks us from our horse, or comes to our daughter in her sleep.
Sarah Dessen, This Lullaby|My mother was strong, in all the ways I was weak. She fell, she hurt, she felt. She lived. And for all the tumble of her experiences, she still had hope. Maybe this next time would do the trick. Or maybe not. But unless you stepped into the game, you will never know.
Nelson Mandela|'LaFerrari' means 'the Ferrari.' The excellence. In this car, we put everything we are able to do. Our extreme technology, extreme experience, extreme capability. And this has been the first Ferrari totally designed in our design center.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|You and your sister will be going with us this day, and that is not up for discussion." He moved closer. "Nor will it be an argument." He stepped even closer and leaned his head slightly downward, his lips near her face. "If you have a problem with that, little girl," he commented at her display of stubbornness, "then I will be more than happy to have Darius put you over his shoulder and carry you out of here. Either way, you will do as you are told, and behave yourself.
Russell D. Moore, Adopted for Life: The Priority of Adoption for Christian Families and Churches|We get too comfortable with this orphanage universe, though. We sit in our pews, or behind our pulpits, knowing that our children watch "Christian" cartoons instead of slash films. We vote for the right candidates and know all the right "worldview" talking points. And we're content with the world we know, just adjusted a little for our identity as Christians. That's precisely why so many of us are so atrophied in our prayers, why our prayers rarely reach the level of "groanings too deep for words" (Rom 8:26). We are too numbed to be as frustrated as the Spirit is with the way things are.
Laura  Oliva, Season Of The Witch|I think when magic is dark enough, it can look like anything it wants.
D.L. Koontz, Crossing Into The Mystic|A light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has never overcome it.
Sahara Sanders|Write for a cause,NOT APPLAUSEWrite to express,NOT TO IMPRESS.Writing isn’t just about being noticed…IT'S BEING REMEMBERED
Michael Richardson, Dedalus Book of Surrealism 2: The Myth of the World|In our modern world, this elemental quality of storytelling is denied. We live today in a world in which everything has its place and function and nothing is left out of place. Storytelling is thus at a discount and like everything else in a world ruled by the laws of exchange value, literature is required to submit itself to the requirements of the market and must learn, like any other commodity, to adapt and serve needs that lie outside of itself and its concrete value. It is forced to stand not for itself but for an ideological cause of one sort or another, whether it be political, social or literary. It cannot exist for itself: like everything else it has to be justified. And for this very reason the power of storytelling is automatically devalued. Literature is reduced to the status of complimentary utilitarian functions: as a pastime to provide distraction and entertainment, or as a heightened activity that would claim to explore 'great truths' about the human condition.
Malcolm H. Mac Gregor, The Enigmatic Electron: A Doorway to Particle Masses|The prime number 137 had continuously occupied Pauli's mind. It is an approximate value for a constant appearing in the fine structure theory of atomic spectra which in its theoretical expression ties together electromagnetism, relativity and quantum theory. Pauli saw the fine structure theory of spectra as a key in understanding the deepest contemporary problems of theoretical physics. For that reason the number 137 possessed a mysterious attraction for him.
Shellen Lubin|Living with contradiction may be nothing new to humans, but acknowledging it, and accepting it are. Even the dictionary has trouble accepting a paradox, calling it 'two things that seem to be contradictory but may possibly be true.' But that's not a real paradox--a real paradox IS contradictory and IS true. So I don't even call them paradoxes anymore, I call them 'contradictory co-existing realities,' both in direct opposition to each other, both true at the same time.
Tessa Dare, Twice Tempted by a Rogue|The pain of an injury is over in seconds. Everything that comes after is the pain of getting well." He gave her a heartfelt look, full of apology. "I'd forgotten that you see. Coming back to life ... It hurts.
Darmie O-Lujon|One can survive every hurt and move on, except the hatred of a mother formed without reasons, that one could not elucidate.
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|Oh, you humans may prefer empathy and mercy, but that's like intuiting the answer to an equation: you still have to go back and work the problem to be certain you were right. We can come to genuinely moral conclusions by our own paths.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Someone may have all the technical knowledge, scientific intellect and business know-how but when he/she decides to choose laziness, excuses, procrastination, complaining and other bad attitudes, his/her relevance is meaningless.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Remember, forgiveness is not a millstone but a milestone!
Mary Todd Lincoln|These Souls with great Material Possessions were allowed this because of Past Good Works in their Previous Life, but now feel there is no need for Spiritual Progress. They are too easily forgetting why they were granted this Material Wealth in the first place. Therefore we must stop them from accumulating more Material Gains to Guide them back to the right path.
Satish Kumar|If a site is done with pleasure and a fun attitude, it's a great way to communicate with your fans.
D'Andre Lampkin|Wouldn't the world be a much better place if we didn't make it past the age of maybe 10? Think back to when we were younger, before we were so easily influenced by adults. We rebelled against everything that we now believe is impossible. Super Heroes still existed and we didn't hold grudges because "sorry" was okay and as long as you still wanted to share your toys with me, nothing more needed to be said. Be 10 years old today everyone.
Sylvia Plath|Life was not to be sitting in hot amorphic leisure in my backyard idly writing or not writing, as the spirit moved me. It was, instead, running madly, in a crowded schedule, in a squirrel cage of busy people. Working, living, dancing, dreaming, talking, kissing- singing, laughing, learning.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|Roen said, "I can't quit. I have rent, and a cat to support.
John Irving, The Cider House Rules|You live," I said, "Knowing you will die. Everyone lives every day knowing they could die at any moment. And yet they carry on. They lift their heads high and carry on and build a beautiful, amazing world. What for, if there is no point? Bravery. Courage. To live knowing death hangs over you. Sweet misery, fragile threads of life and existence, and you still fight for every moment, to be alive and to be as alive as possible.""And the point?""The point, Jane, is for beauty. Simplistic, joyous beauty; complicated, twisted beauty-- the beauty of courage, the beauty of loss. For if there is a Something Else out there, it is surely hidden among the beauty of this world.
Sam Storms, Practicing the Power|Believers who come to know the Scripture in a living way, in both knowledge and Spirit, can in turn, use this Word to minister to people around them.
Amelia B. Edwards, The Phantom Coach: Collected Ghost Stories|When you say you’re a fan of the gore, what do you mean?”“The all supernatural bunch, love. The scarier the merrier.
Daniel Waterman, Entheogens, Society and Law: The Politics of Consciousness, Autonomy and Responsibility|Take from a man his freedom or his goods and you may have taken his innocence, almost his humanity, as well.
Octavio Paz|I'm a real nature lover, so whenever possible, I like to get to the beach or get to a forest or get somewhere there's fresh air. Apart from that, I'm a film addict and a DVD freak.
Karl Marx, Capital: Volume One|A spider conducts operations that resemble those of a weaver, and a bee puts to shame many an architect in the construction of her cells. But what distinguishes the worst architect from the best of bees is this, that the architect raises his structure in imagination before he erects it in reality.
Daniel de Lorne, Beckoning Blood|Cam was staring into her coffee, cradling the mug in both hands. A working woman's hands, sporting a few scrapes and scratches. Strong, capable hands.
L.J. Kentowski, Seeker of Fate|I’ll deal with the consequences one way or another, but I’m sick and tired of sitting back and wondering ‘what if.’ I’ve been a puppet for too long. Now that I know I have the potential to fight, I need to cut the strings and do something about it. There’s a reason I was created the way I was. I have to believe that, and I have to seek out my purpose.
Emily St. John Mandel, Station Eleven|There was a profound silence, abruptly broken by an enormously loud rumble from George's stomach. Plaster didn't actually fall from the ceiling, but it was close.
Charlie Jane Anders, All the Birds in the Sky|…if geometry were as much opposed to our passions and present interests as is ethics, we should contest it and violate I but little less, notwithstanding all the demonstrations of Euclid and Archimedes…
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|Please do not say magic like you are discussing a bowel movement... Humanity expects the lights, so they are provided.
Sarra Manning, It Felt Like a Kiss|I was thinking how most people don't make you feel much of anything at all. Don't make you feel like time spent with them has grace, like every moment in their company is a gift. But Finn did. Finn, my midsummer night's dream.
Nick Flynn, Another Bullshit Night in Suck City|I was unable to throw myself in the ocean,” she writes, the handwriting more erratic as the painkillers seep into every cell, shutting out lights in empty rooms.
Mike Birbiglia|The path of progress cuts through the four-way intersection of the moral, medical, religious and political - and whichever way you turn, you are likely to run over someone's deeply held beliefs.
Joseph  Bayly|Chess is all about getting the king into check, you see. It's about killing the father. I would say that chess has more to do with the art of murder than it does with the art of war.
Natasha Pulley, The Watchmaker of Filigree Street|Summer crushes happen all the time, right? Because you feel far away from the real world, everything seems more...possible. Every person seems more vital.
Phillip Gary Smith, HARMONIZING: Keys to Living in the Song of Life|What do I fear? Myself? There’s none else by.Richard loves Richard; that is, I and I.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|By disobeying immoral orders, that individual preserves the institution's highest rank - dignity.
Christie Golden|When I was young I was sure of everything; in a few years, having been mistaken a thousand times, I was not half so sure of most things as I was before; at present, I am hardly sure of anything but what God has revealed to me." - John Wesley
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|So when people say that poetry is a luxury, or an option, or for the educated middle classes, or that it shouldn't be read in school because it is irrelevant, or any of the strange and stupid things that are said about poetry and its place in our lives, I suspect that the people doing the saying have had things pretty easy. A tough life needs a tough language - and that is what poetry is. That is what literature offers - a language powerful enough to to say how it is. It isn't a hiding place. It is a finding place.
Paula McLain, Circling the Sun|The trouble was, Elizabeth thought, they did not tell the children of colonial families not to love these foreign lands, not to fall in love with their birthplaces. While parents dreamt of retiring in peace to another place called ‘home’, their children soaked up knowledge of the only world they knew: its different peoples, its spicy food, its birdsong, the way warm rain fell like a curtain through the palm trees. Their souls would be forever torn.
Jack Wagner|Equipped with cell phones, beepers, and handheld computers, the 'conspicuously industrious' blur the line between home and office by working anytime, anywhere.
CK Arora|Anyone can become a MONEY MAGNET if they have the right tools, understanding, a burning desire and legitimate reasons to become one.
David Brooks|When most people think about the future, they dream up ways that they might live happier lives. But notice this phenomenon. When people remember the crucial events that formed them, they don't usually talk about happiness. It is usually the ordeals that seem most significant. Most people shoot for happiness but feel formed through suffering.
Anushka Bhartiya|Whenever you find tears in your eyes, especially unexpected tears, it is well to pay the closest attention. They are not only telling you something about the secret of who you are, but more often than not God is speaking to you through them of the mystery of where you have come from and is summoning you to where, if your soul is to be saved, you should go next.
Gerald Morris, The Legend of the King|No one would speak, so Terence took a deep breath, let it out slowly, and said, "My liege?""Yes, Terence?""Twenty years ago I decided I would die for you. I may not be able to do that tomorrow, but if I can't, I can at least die beside you.
Steve Lyons, Doctor Who: The Stealers of Dreams|The less you knew, the fewer monsters you’d attract,
Barbara Elsborg, Every Move He Makes|We're fragile things, Harb. It doesn't look like it but we are. We're here one minute, and just like that, we're gone. The Peacemakers (The Nemesis Engines)
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Who dare tries is a success, and shall master the art of conquering dreams.
Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian|...I know there's no such thing as forever. So what can we be, in the now?
Patrick Witz|Dream a better dream, an unselfish dream, a dream to make the world a better place, then work to make that dream a reality
Jeanette Winterson|Much better now. And Sunny—there's no such thing as 'too much' when it comes to us. Too much mutual interest, or awareness, or desire, or too much damn love—there's no such thing.""I love you beyond obsession," I murmur, terrified because it is too much."I love you to insanity," he replies, utterly solemn. "That's who I am, and that is who we are. I don't have any qualms about admitting it, and I don't have any regrets. Do you?
Sharon Shinn, Jenna Starborn|Your wedding completely changes the direction of your life, you know, no matter how greatly you desire it. I think that moment of doubt and faintness comes from all those imagined and now impossible futures all pressing in on you at once. It is your last chance to experience them, you see, and they all want to be lived at that moment.
Katie Reus, Sworn to Protect|So, whose man parts are you setting on fire?" he asked, quirking an eyebrow....	"No one. I was just telling Belle about how I need to lose my virginity."	Aaaaand, that did it. He froze, his arm dropping from Belle's shoulders as he took a not very subtle step toward the entryway. "I need to get the door."	She picked up her tulip-shaped glass, fighting a grin. "I didn't hear the doorbell.
Carlos Salinas|Reading takes the reader to faraway lands, new cultures, new and exciting adventures; you meet new friends and enemies; it takes the reader from the heights of the imagination to the depths of human emotions; all without taking a single step.
Vanessa Kelly, Confessions of a Royal Bridegroom|Devilment showed in his eyes. “Well, since it is a trial, we should practice so that we can perfect our kisses.”“You need no practice. You are clearly an expert.
Steven L. Sheppard, Byblis And Caunus|You really are exotic, for boys in my country, they do not have such pectorals. I like yours.
Robert J. Sawyer, Calculating God|There is no indisputable proof for the big bang," said Hollus. "And there is none for evolution. And yet you accept those. Why hold the question of whether there is a creator to a higher standard?
A. L. Kitselman|Am I like the optimist who  while falling ten stories from a building  says at each story  "I'm all right so far"?
Ruta Sepetys|Some people create with words or with music or with a brush and paints. I like to make something beautiful when I run. I like to make people stop and say, 'I've never seen anyone run like that before.' It's more than just a race, it's a style. It's doing something better than anyone else. It's being creative.
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|You foul, lying, evil little cockroach!
Arnold Sommerfeld, Atombau Und Spektrallinien|Physics is the ultimate intellectual adventure, the quest to understand the deepest mysteries of our Universe. Physics doesn’t take something fascinating and make it boring. Rather, it helps us see more clearly, adding to the beauty and wonder of the world around us.
Cracked.com, You Might Be a Zombie and Other Bad News|A few years ago a friend said that I use to hunt and fish and build houses and things but now my whole life revolved around my computer I replied "But my computer revolves around the world
Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed|If that's what you believe the Lord is calling you to do, then you can be confident He'll go ahead of you.
Pema Chödrön, The Pocket Pema Chodron|Meditation is a totally nonviolent, nonaggressive occupation.
Mary Wollstonecraft, A Vindication of the Rights of Woman|I aim at being useful, and sincerity will render me unaffected; for, wishing rather to persuade by the force of my arguments, than dazzle by the elegance of my language, I shall not waste my time in rounding periods, nor in fabricating the turgid bombast of artificial feelings, which, coming from the head, never reach the heart.—I shall be employed about things, not words!
Sarvesh Mangla|Free your mind, become who you are.. the mind is the biggest drug.. and everyone is addicted.
Friedrich Nietzsche|IT happened. There is no avoiding it, no forgetting. No running away, or flying, or burying, or hiding.
George Herbert|I am deeply spiritual; I revel in those things that make for good - the things that we can do to shed a little light, to help place an oft-dissonant universe back in tune with itself... Long live art, long live friendship, long live the joy of life!
Suzi Quatro|Saturdays and Sundays, America in the year 2009 does not in some ways differ significantly from the country that existed almost 50 years ago. This is truly sad.
Elie Wiesel|Grace is what matters in anything - especially life, especially growth, tragedy, pain, love, death. That's a quality that I admire very greatly. It keeps you from reaching out for the gun too quickly. It keeps you from destroying things too foolishly. It sort of keeps you alive.
Shimon Peres|Society as a whole benefits immeasurably from a climate in which all persons, regardless of race or gender, may have the opportunity to earn respect, responsibility, advancement and remuneration based on ability.
Gouverneur Morris|I want young people to know that they can belong - whatever your culture, your religion, your sexuality - that you can live life how you want to live it and feel comfortable how you are.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|What constitutes worth? In short, I would say the valuable attributes you have in relation to how you can productively use them... All attributes have value, but they have worth if they are used productively.
Veronica Roth, Four: A Divergent Story Collection|Dead people can be our heroes because they cant disappoint us later; they only improve over time, as we forget more and more about them.
Finley Peter Dunne|Stories don't care who takes part in them. All that matters if that the story gets told, that the story repeats. Or, if you prefer to think of it like this: stories are a parasitical life form, warping lives in the service only of the story itself.
Oswald Chambers|There is no condition of life in which we cannot abide in Jesus. We have to learn to abide in Him wherever we are placed. Our Brilliant Heritage, 946 R
Michael Cunningham, By Nightfall|If we have data, let’s look at data. If all we have are opinions, let’s go with mine.
Joyce Reardon, The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer: My Life at Rose Red|A woman's heart is much stronger than a man's. They are weak creatures, dear. Weak, and often far more insecure than they present on the outside. Trust your love, child. The rest will follow.
Walter Rodney, How Europe Underdeveloped Africa|Most people in this world are a continuity, very few become an opportunity and the rarest of them all, evolve to be a possibility.
Mark  Donnelly|Dorkdom isn't something you can choose. It's something you are. But instead of dividing the world up into dorkside and darkside, I've realised that we all have a little bit of dork inside us.
Nora Ephron, I Remember Nothing: and Other Reflections|After a breakup or divorce, you have the power to heal and become emotionally stronger, more compassionate, understanding, resilient, prettier, healthier, happier and more successful, but you must focus on yourself.
Ejump Schiffler|I know sadness has its own purpose, i know sad doesn't take away or diminish happy, they are two different things which exists together, netted into life, i know sadness is the end of something and initiation of everything else; until it is not...its just...i've gone through a lot..I'm just tired of being sad...tired of being tired (Ejump,2016)
Jay Woodman|Affirmation: What most fulfils & energizes me - mind, body, spirit - is what manifests in my life.
Gil Marks|I think 'Elf' is funny, with Will Ferrell. That's a great Christmas movie.
Robert G. Ingersoll|There are treasures in books that all the money in the world cannot buy, but the poorest laborer can have for nothing.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Here I Am|We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
Tom Brady|I am the granddaughter of an English woman. I love England and her people and, regardless of politics, consider you to be family... and always will.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Don’t spoil me with your lies, love me with your truth.
Christopher Dines, Mindfulness Burnout Prevention: An 8-Week Course for Professionals|To be self-compassionate is not to be self-indulgent or self-centred. A major component of self-compassion is to be kind to yourself. Treat yourself with love, care, dignity and make your wellbeing a priority. With self-compassion, we still hold ourselves accountable professionally and personally, but there are no toxic emotions inflicted upon and towards ourselves.
Ann Marie Frohoff|Don't strive for perfection, just do your best. Everything in life is ever revolving to be perfect.
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|Having Aelin help him the first time had been awkward enough that he couldn’t even go until she started singing a bawdy tune at the top of her lungs and turned on the sink faucet, all the while helping him stand over the toilet.
Efrain Jimenez Vazquez|México can have many historians, merchants, philosophers, and even including good high ranked people in the natural course, although it can get to have more; If in good.
Alexis de Tocqueville|It is preposterous to suppose that the people of one generation can lay down the best and only rules of government for all who are to come after them, and under unforeseen contingencies.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|Before passing judgementon someone’s choices,stop and look at the questionsthey were trying to answer.
Martyn Stanley|Atheist: 'I hear the voice of conscience, but I deny the reality of God.' St. Thomas: 'That is like listening to someone speak, but denying that anyone is there.' Atheist: 'That's right; nobody is.' St. Thomas: 'Then you deny not only God but conscience, because you consider it a hallucination.' Atheist: 'I misspoke. What I meant to say is that when I am listening to conscience, I am really listening to myself.' St. Thomas: 'Then you still deny conscience, because you deny its authority to judge you. Instead you claim to judge yourself, but no one can be judge in his own case.
George Eliot, Silas Marner|Without any censorship, in the West fashionable trends of thought and ideas are carefully separated from those which are not fashionable; nothing is forbidden, but what is not fashionable will hardly ever find its way into periodicals or books or be heard in colleges. Legally your researchers are free, but they are conditioned by the fashion of the day.
Nathaniel Philbrick|Black Friday is not another bad hair day in Wall Street. It's the term used by American retailers to describe the day after the Thanksgiving Holiday, seen as the semi-official start of Christmas shopping season.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Do you understand now why books are hated and feared? Because they reveal the pores on the face of life. The comfortable people want only the faces of the full moon, wax, faces without pores, hairless, expressionless.
Zoyan|Some wounds are so deep, that if you were to reach in their depth, you wouldn't find a way back.
Athanasius of Alexandria, On the Incarnation|For, indeed, everything about is marvelous, and wherever a man turns his gaze he sees the Godhead of the Word and is smitten with awe.
Mitt Romney|My wedding was a very private affair for close family and friends, so I had decided to hold a reception in my native town.
Howard Aiken|If you have learned how to disagree without being disagreeable, then you have discovered the secrete of getting along - whether it be business, family relations, or life itself.
Jake Byrne, First and Goal: What Football Taught Me About Never Giving Up|Challenges come our way when we least expect them; our insecurities, desires, balance, & conscience are tested in the process.
Banana Yoshimoto, Goodbye Tsugumi|We ran into lots of old friends. Friends from elementary school, junior high school, high school. Everyone had matured in their own way, and even as we stood face to face with them they seemed like people from dreams, sudden glimpses through the fences of our tangled memories. We smiled and waved, exchanged a few words, and then walked on in our separate directions.
Colleen McCarty, Mounting the Whale|Make sure he's worth it. She had thought it so many times it had become a part of her. Like her tongue filling her mouth, so this tenet filled her being.
Jayce O'Neal|We judge others by their actions and ourselves by our intentions. We need to offer grace to all, because we all need a little grace.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The Flight of the Eagle|To find out if there is actually such freedom one must be aware of one's own conditioning, of the problems, of the monotonous shallowness, emptiness, insufficiency of one's daily life, and above all one must be aware of fear. One must be aware of oneself neither introspectively nor analytically, but actually be aware of oneself as one is and see if it is at all possible to be entirely free of all those issues that seem to clog the mind.To explore, there must be freedom, not at the end, but right at the beginning. Unless one is free one cannot explore, investigate or examine. Two things are essential: freedom and the act of learning. One cannot learn about oneself unless one is free, free so that one can observe, not according to any pattern, formula or concept, but actually observe oneself as one is.
William Zinsser, On Writing Well: The Classic Guide to Writing Nonfiction|The writer, his eye on the finish line, never gave enough thought to how to run the race.
Janne Teller|Nothing is mightier than our why, nothing stands above it, because in the end there is a why to which no answer is possible. In fact, from why to why, from one step to the next, you get to the end of things. And it is only by travelling from one why to the next, as far as the why that is unanswerable, that man attains the level of the creative principle, facing the infinite, equal to the infinite maybe. So long as he can answer the why he gets lost, he loses his way among things. 'Why this?' I answer, 'because that," and from one explanation to the next I reach the point where no explanation is satisfying, from one explanation to the next I reach zero, the absolute, where truth and falsehood are equivalent, become equal to one another, are identified with one another, cancel each other out in face of the absolute nothing. And so we can understand how all action, all choice, all history is justified, at the end of time, by a final cancelling-out. The why goes beyond everything. Nothing goes beyond the why, not even the nothing, because the nothing is not the explanation; when silence confronts us, the question to which there is no answer rings out in the silence. That ultimate why, that great why is like a light that blots out everything, but a blinding light; nothing more can be made out, there is nothing more to make out.
Marilyn Manson|People know that I have a great love for cinema. Not just for commercial cinema, but for the 'cinema d'auteur.' But to me, two of the great 'auteurs' are actually actors and they both happen to be French. One is Alain Delon and the other is Jean-Paul Belmondo.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|I wished the kiss could have gone on forever. Breaking the embrace, he ran a few fingers through my hair and down my cheek. He stepped back toward the door."I'll see you later, Roza""At our next practice?" I asked. "We are starting those up again, right? I mean, you still have things to teach me.""Yes. Lots of things.
Eliyahu M. Goldratt, The Goal: A Process of Ongoing Improvement|The town stood witness to her fall As she crashed to the earth Exposed and utterly vulnerable Her secret lives, lies and truths Stained her skin and lay in mounds at her feet Her foes sat in judgment as a jury, But love came . . . with gentle hands Love dried her tears Love covered her shame Love sheltered her with compassion Love accepted her anyway Love embraced her Love welcomed her home.
Patricia Highsmith|In the last three years of racing I've met as many women fans as men fans, and in NASCAR it's the same thing. My wife loves cars, but the difference is she doesn't have 20 years of understanding the background of them. She basically drives them and uses her gut feelings as to which is best.
Alejandro Cremades, The Art of Startup Fundraising|The goal - at least the way I think about entrepreneurship - is you realize one day that you can't really work anyone else. You have to start your won thing. It almost doesn't matter what the thing is. We had six different business plan changes, and then the last one was PayPal.If that one didn't work out, if we still had the money and the people, obviously we would not have given up. We would have iterated on the business model and done something else. I don't think there was ever clarity as to who we were until we knew it was working. By then, we'd figured out our PR pitch and told everyone what we do and who we are. But between the founding and the actual PayPal, it was just like this tug-of-war where it was like, "We're trying this, this week." Every week you go to investors and say, "We're doing this, exactly this. We're really focused. We're going to be huge." The next week you're like, "That was a lie.
Meg Cabot, Princess Mia|But Grandmère is just like all those other women who go around wanting the same rights as men, but don’t want to call themselves feminists. Because that isn’t “feminine.
Kimberlee Roth, Surviving a Borderline Parent: How to Heal Your Childhood Wounds and Build Trust, Boundaries, and Self-Esteem|My reflection followed me mercilessly in mirrors, car doors, shop windows. I lived in a world of circus mirrors, the grotesque distortion of my body looking back at me everywhere.
Aage Bohr|Humans are insane. We kill our own people, starve our own people, sell them, work them to death, beat them, don't give them affordable/free/good healthcare, and let them live in misery, while a few of us have - we have all we want. We are evil.
Thomas Carlyle, On Heroes, Hero Worship and the Heroic in History|I hold the maxim no less applicable to public than to private affairs, that honesty is always the best policy.
Michel Foucault, The History of Sexuality, Volume 1: An Introduction|This is England," he explained. "Tell someone it's a procedure, and they'll believe you. The pointless procedure is one of our great natural resources.
Jessi Kirby, Moonglass|Anna: Ash, I don't have anything planned with my Mother... She's dead.Ashley: What?Anna: She died when I was seven. She drowned. It's just my Dad and me. I didn't tell you before because I just wanted a fresh start here, because before I moved, everybody knew about it and... I'm sorry.Ashley: ....... You're like a Disney Princess!
S.C. Stephens, Effortless|As I kissed her the heat of her body increased, and it exhaled a wild, untamed fragrance.
Philippe Ariès, Western Attitudes toward Death: From the Middle Ages to the Present|A single person is missing for you, and the whole world is empty. But one no longer has the right to say so aloud.
Walter Cronkite, A Reporter's Life|As a rule there is one thing you can always count on in our job — popularity. There are plenty of disadvantages I grant you, but you are liked and respected. Ring people up any hour of the day or night, butt into their houses uninvited make them answer a string of damn fool questions when they want to do something else — they like it. Always a smile and the best of everything for the gentlemen of the Press.
Daniel Pennac, Comme un roman|Books age, they yellow, the pages dry and crackle and tear. Who can tell what tiny defect will change simple paper and ink into true meaning?
Usain Bolt|I'm a very early riser, and I don't like to miss that beautiful early morning light.
Mercedes Lackey, The Wizard of London|Ree-" Grey barked into the icy silence. "Lax!"The word spat so unexpectedly into her ear had precisely the effect Grey must have intended. It shocked Nan for a split second into a state of not-thinking, just being-Suddenly, all in an instant she and Neville were one.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Every one of us, at some time or another, has allowed fear to prevent us from living our best possible life. The first step in conquering our fears is to identify and confront them. Among the most common are:•	Failure•	Success•	Being rejected•	Looking stupid•	Financial insecurity•	Falling on your face•	Being vulnerable•	Appearing weak or unhealthy•	Exposing your secrets•	Being alone or unloved•	Upsetting the status quo•	Disappointing others
Douglas Adams|Upon the shadowy shore of death the sea of trouble casts no wave. Eyes that have been curtained by the everlasting dark, will never know again the burning touch of tears. Lips touched by eternal silence will never speak again the broken words of grief. Hearts of dust do not break. The dead do not weep. Within the tomb no veiled and weeping sorrow sits, and in the rayless gloom is crouched no shuddering fear.I think of those I have loved and lost as having returned to earth, as having become a part of the elemental wealth of the world – I think of them as unconscious dust, I dream of them as gurgling in the streams, floating in the clouds, bursting in the foam of light upon the shores of worlds...
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|As we neared the watering hole, I saw lions sprawled at the base of the acacia tree, relaxing in the shade. Many, many lions. If a group of lions is normally called a pride, then this was, at the very least, an overconfidence. Possibly an arrogance.
Chris Crutcher, Chinese Handcuffs|You're not interesting in the least," she spat. "I don't need to be," I smiled. "That's what you need...And you're welcome to it.
Cesare Pavese|Traveling is a brutality. It forces you to trust strangers and to lose sight of all that familiar comfort of home and friends.You are constantly off balance. Nothing is yours except the essential things: air, sleep, dreams, sea, the sky - all things tending towards the eternal or what we imagine of it.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|In most cases, verbal prayer alone does not change anything; when actions are branded with prayer, wonderful things happen. Actions alone do not make it as well; they lead to success when guided to labour by answered prayers. Pray and work!
Vince Gill|From my mom telling me 'no' to now telling everyone I'm the champion, and she's so proud of me, and to prove to a lot of people - who didn't believe in me, who didn't think I was going to be here - that I'm here, and I did it. It's been a roller coaster of emotions; it's amazing.
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|The fountain of content must spring up in the mind, and he who hath so little knowledge of human nature as to seek happiness by changing anything but his own disposition, will waste his life in fruitless efforts and multiply the grief he proposes to remove.
J.D. Salinger, The Complete Uncollected Stories|One time I took my knife and sliced off the end of a hog’s nose, just like a piece of salami. The hog went crazy for a few seconds. Then it sat there looking kind of stupid. So I took a handful of salt and rubbed it on the wound. Now that hog really went nuts. It was my way of taking out frustration. Another time, there was a live hog in the pit. It hadn’t done anything wrong, wasn’t even running around. It was just alive. I took a three-foot chunk of pipe and I literally beat that hog to death. It was like I started hitting the hog and I couldn’t stop. And when I finally did stop, I’d expended all this energy and frustration, and I’m thinking what in God’s sweet name did I do.
Jodi Picoult, The Storyteller|If justice fails in the courtroom, it will not prevail in society.A broken Justice System does not protect the rights of all people.
Julie Anne Long, How the Marquess Was Won|He was still thoughtful. 'Do you think any of us ever really knows anyone?'  'Philosophy, Lord Dryden? And yet it's daylight and everyone is still sober.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|The theologian is interested specifically in the modern novel because there he sees reflected the man of our time, the unbeliever, who is nevertheless grappling in a desperate and usually honest way with intense problems of the spirit.
Sara Ahmed, The Promise of Happiness|Every writer is first a reader, and what we read matters.
Anne Frank|Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
Tom Hanks|I never thought I was funny, but I enjoy being funny.
R. Buckminster Fuller|I don't divide architecture, landscape and gardening; to me they are one.
Joseph Franklin Rutherford|The idea would be in my mind - and I know it sounds strange - is that the most important advances in medicine would be made not by new knowledge in molecular biology, because that's exceeding what we can even use. It'll be made by mathematicians, physicists, computer scientists, figuring out a way to get all that information together.
James C. Dobson|Whenever they are given the choice, some people choose a bath over a shower; they, too, would like to do their bit to waste water.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb|There are casting directors with lots of imagination, but also some with not as much imagination.
Sanjo Jendayi|It seems the older we get, the tighter our inner circle becomes. When life has you down, some of those you thought had your back run, others...sometimes strangers surprise you and fill that empty space up. Oh, but life has a great balancing act and when that axle turns and you are right side up again...you will definitely not be looking for any long, lost "friends" because your inner circle is battle-tested to win!
Diana Gabaldon, The Fiery Cross|It's the anonymity of the war that makes the killing possible. When the nameless dead are named again on tombstone and on cenotaph, then they regain the identity they lost as soldiers, and take their place in grief and memory, the ghosts of sons and lovers.
Tanya R. Liverman, Journey to Legacy: A Poetic Timeline of My Life|We must experience certain things in life, even in our childhood, so we can later look back and value the journey.
April Gornik|The beauty we love is very silent. It smiles softly to itself, but never speaks.
Ali Shaw, The Girl With Glass Feet|After a long while he sat upright with great effort, exhaled a sigh and reached for a clean sheet of lined paper, smoothing it out on the desk. He unscrewed the lid of his fountain pen, laid it perpendicular to his paper, and began to write. Often he compared his writing to white water. He had only to leap in to be dragged away on its rapids, thrown this way and that with his own will rendered impotent. While writing he found the words came from the muscles in his hands, the feel of the shaft of his pen, the locked joint of his elbow. the scratching noise of the nib marking paper and, underneath all that, some coordinating impulse in his guts. Certainly not from his mind.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Are the Trials starting?” The girl claps her hands over her mouth. “I'm sorry,” she whispers. “I—”“It's all right.” I don't smile at her. It will only scare her. For a female slave, a smile from a Mask is not usually a good thing. “I'm actually wondering the same thing. What's your name?”“S-slave-Girl.” Of course. My mother would already have scourged her name out of existence.“Right. You work for the Commandant?” I want her to say no. I want her to say that my mother roped her into this. I want her to say she's assigned to the kitchens or infirmary, where slaves aren't scarred or missing body p
Vanna Smythe, Protector|On this ship, my word is fucking law! Captain Josiah Trenchard. UWSS Might of Fortitude.
Courtney Kirchoff, Jaden Baker|A worm of fear wriggled in Jaden’s stomach, and the ethereal assuredness he channeled moments before evaporated as the worm burrowed deeper. When he next spoke, his own voice of trapped hysteria broke through, the worm having reached journey’s end.
Ashish Patel|You can't get what you want, if the intentions are solely directed for self-benefits.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|moments of something this good, this unexpected and off his usual path, they always dredged up old shit, like somehow happiness came with sorrow as its anchor.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|I have long seen my spirituality as personal, to the degree that I harbor a slight mistrust for anyone who practices similarly. It is as though they are admitting to have on the same cut and color of underwear I do. It may be true, but I don't like to share these details with strangers.
Georg Solti|War is wretched beyond description, and only a fool or a fraud could sentimentalize its cruel reality.
Lindsey Kelk, A Girl's Best Friend|Al: Now, remind me, who's walking who down the aisle again?
Lev Grossman, The Magician King|If I speak in the tongues of Reformers and of professional theologians, and I have not personal faith in Christ, my theology is nothing but the noisy beating of a snare drum. And if I have analytic powers and the gift of creating coherent conceptual systems of theology, so as to remove liberal objections, and have not personal hope in God, I am nothing. And if I give myself to resolving the debate between supra and infralapsarianism, and to defending inerrancy, and to learning the Westminster Catechism, yea, even the larger one, so as to recite it by heart backwards and forwards, and have not love, I have gained nothing.
Sunday Adelaja|Tis time to die, when 'tis a shame to live.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|There is no doubt that the biblical concept of the Kingdom calls for a ministry to the suffering, the imprisoned, the oppressed, the hungry and whomever is dehumanized by an unjust society. In abstract, almost all of us can affirm this with enthusiasm. When it is the vocation, however, of one of our number to make this Gospel imperative, a matter demanding and requiring us to change our comfortable ways, then many of us fall away. The prophet has never been popular among his other contemporaries. He has been stoned, beheaded, crucified and shot. If not killed, we have been all too ready to vilify him or her in the name of God, little realizing that it may well be God who sent the prophet to challenge our complacency.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|All the nations that make up the world are burdened down with riches or poverty, obesity or malnutrition, success or failure.
Anurag Shourie|Be it a 'slide' in a children’s park, or one in the play-fields of life; the mantra is same. “You climb up and you slide down.”What is missing in the later years is the enthusiasm with which the kids run up the steps, knowing fully well that another down-slide is imminent. Life is a game; play it with gay abundance. Take a leaf out of the kid’s rule-book…
Lawrence Kudlow|For me, love is happiness and inspiration.
John Flanagan, The Ruins of Gorlan|As long as we acknowledge them, there's nothing to fear.
Susan Sontag|We are told we must choose — the old or the new. In fact, we must choose both. What is a life if not a series of negotiations between the old and the
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|A girl is nothing to herself; only to her husband can she become something. What can she become? I asked. Why, she said, the mother of his children. But I am not the mother of anybody's children, I said, and I am something.
Miriam Makeba|Well, I was always really mature for my age. I'm an above-age reader. I'm not trying to come off like, 'I have a high IQ number. My parents gave me the test.' That's the way I was, I guess. I am still a kid. I love doing kid activities. I'm such a kid, but when I'm on set, I do like to be professional.
Catherine Sanderson, Petite Anglaise|If you aren’t nurturing your self, what kind of mother can you be, anyway?
Gabrielle Hamilton|It's promising and seductive, that huge Italian family, sitting around the dinner table, surrounded by olive trees. But it's not my family and I am not their family, and no amount of birthing sons, and cooking dinner and raking leaves or planting the gardens or paying for the plane tickets is going to change that. If I don't come back in eleven months, I will not be missed, and no one will write me or call me to acknowledge my absence. Which is not an accusation, just a small truth about clan and bloodline.
Rainer Maria Rilke|And the heart has become so tired, and the longing so vast.
J.L. Carr, A Month in the Country|And, at such a time, for a few of us there will always be a tugging at the heart—knowing a precious moment had gone and we not there. We can ask and ask but we can’t have again what once seemed ours for ever—the way things looked, that church alone in the fields, a bed on belfry floor, a remembered voice, a loved face. They’ve gone and you can only wait for the pain to pass. 
Vicki Covington, Bird of Paradise|Santa was dead, to begin with. There was no doubt whatsoever about that. The after-action report was signed by the field commander, the director of operations, the secretary of the Office of Sidhe Affairs, and the chief battle-mage. Janus had signed it — and Janus’s word could be counted upon for anything he chose to put his name to. Old Saint Nicholas, the Sidhe Lord of the Yuletide, was as dead as a door-nail.It didn’t stick.
Donald Trump|Motherhood is a great honor and privilege, yet it is also synonymous with servanthood. Every day women are called upon to selflessly meet the needs of their families. Whether they are awake at night nursing a baby, spending their time and money on less-than-grateful teenagers, or preparing meals, moms continuously put others before themselves.
Michael Biehn|I was never a glamour puss whose career was really based on a look or an attitude. I've been basically playing the same parts I am at 55 that I was at 35. I get cast as strong women, and that can be a mother or a judge or anything.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|Just be, right now, here; & breathe. Stop questioning every little thing, stop analysing how it should be and let go of the control, you hold so tightly onto; and beging to trust the magic of yourself.
Daphne Kalotay, Russian Winter|Appreciate what you have, while you have it, or you’ll learn what it meant to you after you lose it.
John Maynard Smith|You will always have doubts, but only discover them at a useful time for your weakness to point them out.
James Joyce, Dubliners|He looked down the slope and, at the base, in the shadow of the wall of the Park, he saw some human figures lying. Those venal and furtive loves filled him with despair. He gnawed the rectitude of his life; he felt that he had been outcast from life’s feast.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Whatever language we use use to describe healthy relationships, when we’re in them, we feel nourished by them, in body as well as mind.
Daniel Black, The Coming|The power of speech does not rely upon meaning. Words carry energy all by themselves. They vibrate through the air, with the intention of the speaker, shaping consciousness and touching hearts whether understood or not.
Marla Miniano, Every Girl's Guide to Flings|When people say they don't want to get into a relationship, it should never be taken into face value because it is never really the whole truth. It is usually a vast collection of issues and fears and complications, forced to conceal one tiny hope lurking underneath it all: that someday, somebody will come along to discover, accept and understand and strengthen that feeble hope.
Matt      Chandler, The Explicit Gospel|You and I are stymied in our own creativity. We can only create as sub-creators, and even then our best work is only sub-creation.
Karen Lopez McWilliams, The Ones Who Believed: True Inspirational Stories of Everyday People Who Took a Chance, Shaped a Life and|When I give the best of me, that becomes my legacy.
Max Born|Perhaps there are many "nows" of varying duration, depending on just what it is we are doing. We must face up to the fact that, at least in the case of humans, the subject experiencing subjective time is not a perfect, structureless observer, but a complex, multilayered, multifaceted psyche. Different levels of our consciousness may experience time in quite different ways. This is evidently the case in terms of response time. You have probably had the slightly unnerving experience of jumping at the sound of a telephone a moment or two before you actually hear it ring. The shrill noise induces a reflex response through the nervous system much faster than the time it takes to create the conscious experience of the sound.It is fashionable to attribute certain qualities, such as speech ability, to the left side of the brain, whereas others, such as musical appreciation, belong to processes occurring on the right side. But why should both hemispheres experience a common time? And why should the subconscious use the same mental clock as the conscious?
Ron Baratono|Sometimes things happen in our lives that wake us up to the truth, about how short life is. It’s then we wonder why we spent so much wasted time looking too far into the future.
Wendell Berry, Sabbaths|Again I resume the longlesson: how small a thingcan be pleasing, how littlein this hard world it takesto satisfy the mindand bring it to its rest.
Thomas Jefferson|When you aim high and you want to create a difference, all you need is a SPARK from your heart.
Sandeep Sahajpal|You should neither take life too lightly to lose control over it, nor too seriously to become absolutely inflexible. ‘Change’ is intrinsic to ‘life’; even rocks change over a prolonged period.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Trust in the Lord brings much hope, joy and peace.
C. JoyBell C.|We can learn so much about the living, according to how they treat their dead. And we can see the true colours of people coming out, when we observe how they act and react, to the circumstances that come about after the death of a loved one. Lastly, we learn about the things most important in our lives, when we experience the loss called death. It is extraordinary how death can give back so much to life and to the living.
Mahavishnu John McLaughlin|I don't diet, I don't do fads, I've just decided to not eat carbs. So no more bread and pasta for the month. I can't live without chocolate, though. I've always got a bar in my handbag. It has to be 72%. Any less and it's too sweet, any more and it's inedible. Like I said, I'm very particular.
James Coyne|Cry wolf often enough and you eventually get eaten by the wolf, even if the wolf is you.
Anthony T. Hincks|I know where I come from, but what I want to know is, where am I going?
Tim Radford, The Crisis Of Life On Earth: Our Legacy From The Second Millenium|In a nutshell, the universe is 4% visible, 23% undetectable and 73% unimaginable. Welcome to the cosmos, full of mass you can measure but not manhandle, driven by a force you can infer but not explain.
David Foster Wallace|Leyner's fiction is, in this regard, an eloquent reply to Gilder's prediction that our TV-culture problems can be resolved by the dismantling of images into discrete chunks we can recombine as we fancy. Leyner's world is a Gilder-esque dystopia. The passivity and schizoid decay still endure for Leyner in his characters' reception of images and waves of data. The ability to combine them only adds a layer of disorientation: when all experience can be deconstructed and reconfigured, there become simply too many choices. And in the absence of any credible, noncommercial guides for living, the freedom to choose is about as "liberating" as a bad acid trip: each quantum is as good as the next, and the only standard of an assembly's quality is its weirdness, incongruity, its ability to stand out from a crowd of other image-constructs and wow some Audience.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Children of Húrin|Our shadow is on the outside. And we can see in the dark: we can see you, we see you turn away, but one day we finally understand that you turn away not from our faces but from your own fears. From those things inside you that you think mark you as someone unlovable to your family, and society, and even to God.
J.C. Patrick, A Hollywood Classic|I took a couple steps away from him and stopped in front of a framed colored poster of Vivien Leigh and Clark Gable from the movie Gone with the Wind. I studied the pair, Gable with his mysterious mustache and Leigh in her red ball gown. I’d become a fan of the classic, partially because of my mother’s suggestion that I looked a lot like a younger Vivien Leigh, with my dark wavy hair and sea green eyes. And as usual, I’d believed her for a little while.
Jenny Holiday, The Miss Mirren Mission|I've never met anyone as kind as you are, except me Mum, o' course." --Benjamin Trimmel to Lady Alexandra.
Amanda Hocking, Hollowland|He had known several men who blew their heads off, and he had pondered it much. It seemed to him it was probably because they could not take enough happiness just from the sky and the moon to carry them over the low feelings that came to all men.
Andy Garcia|I don't think I really have any wisdom. Stay out of trouble. Good luck. Stay away from women because they will burn you, haha.
E.B. White|We were enjoying one of those rare summers of utter freedom – no financial responsibility, no debts, no time owing to anybody.
Thich Nhat Hanh, El verdadero amor|The third element of love is mudita, joy. True love always brings joy to ourselves and to the one we love. If our love does not bring joy to both of us, it is not true love.
Mark Hewer|Moments come & go, but special moments last a lifetime.Make them count!
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|Maybe it’s something which can’t be defined,” Enso Roshi says. “Maybe it’s a question, to be lived.
John Godfrey Saxe|At Learning's fountain it is sweet to drink, But 'tis a nobler privilege to think.
Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Lessons in Spiritual Leadership|Hello, Mrs. Tran...I have David's homework. And if you ever want to see it again, you'll pay me the two million dollars I asked for.
Jody Hedlund, Hearts Made Whole|God wanted him to go to Him with his deepest needs, to stop looking elsewhere, so that he could be made whole again.
Gary Oldman|I had no preconceived idea what fame would be like, because I never thought I would be famous. I just wanted to do my work. Hell, I just wanted to pay my rent on time.
Natalie   Perry, Dad #1, Dad #2: A Queerspawn View from the Closet|We can’t say it’s justifiable to deny some people their rights because we personally find something offensive. People have the right to their beliefs and they have the right to think that homosexuality is wrong, but they don’t have the right to use their religion and their beliefs to deny the rights of others.
VicDo|If you see a strange thing, try to understand it! If you can understand it, nothing strange will remain!
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven King|Her laughter sounded like April showers, like whispered secrets, like glass wind-chimes.
kimber nilsson|He pulled off the condom brusquely, wiped the head on my cheek, and threw it in the gutter.  My humiliation was scorching hot.  I couldn't help touching myself yet another time.  His eyes called me 'slut' as I came again.
Donna Grant, Dark Alpha's Claim|Erith," he said and bowed his head.	Her blue-black hair hung to her hips in soft waves.
Pawan Kalyan|Fear of failure, it's the greatest motivational tool. It drives me and drives me and drives me.
RyLee Harrison|We're truly alive when facing the prospect of our own mortality, if you convince yourself that you'll live forever, you'll never really have lived at all.
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|They did not submit to the obvious alternative, which was simply to close the eyes and fall. So easy, really. Go limp and tumble to the ground and let the muscles unwind and not speak and not budge until your buddies picked you up and lifted you into the chopper that would roar and dip its nose and carry you off to the world. A mere matter of falling, yet no one ever fell. It was not courage, exactly; the object was not valor. Rather, they were too frightened to be cowards.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|In his refusal to believe in anything supernatural or inherently evil, he was as unrealistic as an old voodoo queen who sees spirits everywhere.
Kris Kidd, Return to Sender|Fucking fixes nothing, but certain feelings are unavoidable.
Caryll Houselander, The Reed of God|We could scrub the floor for a tired friend, or dress a wound for a patient in a hospital, or lay the table and wash up for the family; but we shall not do it in martyr spirit or with that worse spirit of self-congratulation, of feeling that we are making ourselves more perfect, more unselfish, more positively kind.We shall do it just for one thing, that our hands make Christ's hands in our life, that our service may let Christ serve through us, that our patience may bring Christ's patience back to the world.
Bertrand Russell, The Analysis of Mind|A word is used "correctly" when the average hearer will be affected by it in the way intended. This is a psychological, not a literary, definition of "correctness". The literary definition would substitute, for the average hearer, a person of high education living a long time ago; the purpose of this definition is to make it difficult to speak or write correctly.
Michael Nutter|Humans should always exercise and watch what they eat. So with your pet, make sure they get enough exercise, make sure they're getting fed at the same time every day and getting the nutrition they need. And make sure they get a lot of love and attention you both need. That's why you have them!
Erica Jong|I've been very, very lucky in my career, in my life - from day one. When aspiring directors say, 'What's your advice?' first I say, 'Be born the son of a famous director. It's invaluable.'
Thomas Keller, Ad Hoc at Home|Me and the folks who buy my food are like the Indians -- we just want to opt out. That's all the Indians ever wanted -- to keep their tepees, to give their kids herbs instead of patent medicines and leeches. They didn't care if there was a Washington, D.C., or a Custer or a USDA; just leave us alone. But the Western mind can't bear an opt-out option. We're going to have to refight the Battle of the Little Big Horn to preserve the right to opt out, or your grandchildren and mine will have no choice but to eat amalgamated, irradiated, genetically prostituted, barcoded, adulterated fecal spam from the centralized processing conglomerate.
Daniel Taylor, In Search of Sacred Places: Looking for Wisdom on Celtic Holy Islands|The moment you say that any idea system is sacred, whether it’s a religious belief system or a secular ideology, the moment you declare a set of ideas to be immune from criticism, satire, derision, or contempt, freedom of thought becomes impossible.
Barbara Sher|Because I remember, I despair. Because I remember, I have the duty to reject despair.
Jasper Fforde, The Eyre Affair|It took a long moment, but Gerard finally raised his head and looked Jon in the eye. “It meant that I have not been honest with you, Jon Calder, and if you are to understand the danger you are in now, I must tell you everything, no matter if you believe me or not.
Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose|And if the computer gives you any back talk, pour some well-sugared office coffee into its evil little silicon brain.
Pooja Ruprell|Be the light. Be the love. Not to one or two selectively, but to each person who crosses your path today and every day.
Rhonda Byrne, How The Secret Changed My Life: Real People. Real Stories.|... happiness is the shortcut to anything you want in your life. Just feel and be happy now! Focus on radiating out into the Universe those feelings of joy and happiness. When you do that, you will attract back to you all things that bring you joy and happiness, which will include everything you want. When you radiate those feelings of happiness, they are sent back to you as the happy circumstances of your life.
Namsoon Kang, Cosmopolitan Theology: Reconstituting Planetary Hospitality, Neighbor-Love, and Solidarity in an Uneven World|Theological discourse can be, in and of itself, a form of identity and solidarity.
Albert Camus|Have you taught her to kill, Priest? Can you teach her such a thing? She's so wise in her innocence, so innocent in her wisdom.
Tony Greig|I think a certain amount of anger has been a fuel of mine, if you want - but also some sort of sadness, and plain mischief, of course.
Anna Bayes, Under His Wings|I know logically that I can live without him, but loving him has become such an integral, necessary part of my life; I am not sure I could stop, even if we parted.
Rumi|I love the sounds and the power of pounding water, whether it is the waves or a waterfall.
Kenneth Anger|Class action lawsuits are an important part of our legal system. All citizens should have the right to band together and settle grievances with bigger companies, but that system is broken and it needs fixing.
Debasish Mridha|What you give, you will get it back.So give love, just to not feel the lack.
Peter Scazzero, Emotionally Healthy Spirituality: Unleash a Revolution in Your Life In Christ|Sometimes, too, when their spiritual masters, such as confessors and superiors, do not approve of their spirit and behavior (for they are anxious that all they do shall be esteemed and praised), they consider that they do not understand them, or that, because they do not approve of this and comply with that, their confessors are themselves not spiritual. And so they immediately desire and contrive to find some one else who will fit in with their tastes; for as a rule they desire to speak of spiritual matters with those who they think will praise and esteem what they do, and they flee, as they would from death, from those who disabuse them in order to lead them into a safe road—sometimes they even harbour ill-will against them. Presuming thus, they are wont to resolve much and accomplish very little. Sometimes they are anxious that others shall realize how spiritual and devout they are, to which end they occasionally give outward evidence thereof in movements, sighs and other ceremonies; and at times they are apt to fall into certain ecstasies, in public rather than in secret, wherein the devil aids them, and they are pleased that this should be noticed, and are often eager that it should be noticed more.
Julia Green, Drawing with Light|What i realise now is that the story actually did have a happy ending: the children came back. In spite of everything the adults did to them, the children found their own way home, their pockets full of precious stones and pearls that gleamed and shone in the light.
Audrey Niffenegger, Her Fearful Symmetry|You're my phantom limb, Mouse. I keep looking for you. I forget. I feel stupid, Mouse. Haunt me, find me, come back from wherever you are. Be with me.
William Shakespeare|Tyler rolls out of bed, sniffs the armpits of yesterday's T-shirt, tosses it aside, gets another out of the drawer. His dad sometimes asks him why he sets his alarm so early -- it's summer vacation, after all -- and Tyler can't seem to make him understand that every day is important, especially those filled with warmth and sunlight and no particular responsibilities. It's as if there's some little voice deep inside him, warning him not to waste a minute, not a single one, because time is short.
Sanjeev Himachali|There is ONE difference between a successful and unsuccessful people.There is ONE difference between happy and unhappy people.There is ONE difference between wise and unwise people.There is ONE difference between achievers and non-achievers.And that ONE difference is the BEHAVIOUR of an individual.It is neither your education nor your wealth or social status but your BEHAVIOUR that decides your happiness, success and wisdom. Mind your behaviour and it will take care of everything else.
Jennifer Lane, Bad Behavior|Sophie clutched Grant tighter. 'I don’t know what screwed-up messages from your family are floating around in your head right now, but you’re staying right here.
Aisha Mirza|Sometimes the best journeys are those, that start when we do not plan, continue how we do not expect and are taking us places we do not know.
Debasish Mridha|It is painful those feelings of pain,but accept it with love to see the gain.
Kelly Corbet, Already Here: The Matter of Love|i prefer people see me sit in the corner, shut and look stupid, rather see me look smart and cool..i disgust a high expectations of people on me because I don't want to have to live in this world with their expectations (Ejump, 2016)
Robert Tew|The longer you live in the past, the less future you have to enjoy.
Jason Dias|No drugs here, no manipulation of neurotransmitters that leaves our worldly problems unattended. And no talking cures because explicit insight is not needed. All that is required is courage: the courage to encounter discomfort and stay with it long enough to be changed by it, strengthened.
Dane Cook|I believe in people getting what's coming to them but don't hold grudges either. We all hurt people, fail & hopefully grow from adversity. Basically, eat shit & thrive
Maya Angelou|I find in my poetry and prose the rhythms and imagery of the best - I mean, when I'm at my best - of the good Southern black preachers. The lyricism of the spirituals and the directness of gospel songs and the mystery of blues are in my music or in my poetry and prose, or I missed everything.
Robert A. Heinlein|Too many economists excuse their practical failure by saying "the politicians (or bureaucrats) didn't do exactly what I recommended." Just as medical practitioners must allow for the fact that their patients may not take all the pills they prescribe, or follow all the advice they are given, so economics practitioners need to foresee political and administrative pressures and make their plans robust to changes that politicians, bureaucrats, and lobbyists are likely to impose.
Arthur Schopenhauer|I believe in hard work, not luck factor. The best efforts will reap the best fruits. Nobody can take all the credit. We don't even talk about the efforts of the director, the writers, other technicians, etc. They all together take a film to another level.
Zack Love, Sex in the Title: A Comedy about Dating, Sex, and Romance in NYC|I got it! I got it!” Heeb declared triumphantly. Evan stopped in the middle of his kitchenette to hear Heeb’s idea. “Sex in the Title.”“Yeah, that’s what you’ve been saying I need.”“No, that’s the title: ‘Sex in the Title.’”“You want me to call my novel ‘Sex in the Title?’”“Yeah. Isn’t it great?
Albert Einstein, Quotations by Albert Einstein|Democracy or reading, democracy of space: our public library tradition, wherever we live in the wide world, was incredibly hard-won for us by the generations before us and ought to be protected, not just for ourselves but in the name of every generation after us.
William S. Wilson, Why I Don't Write Like Franz Kafka|...each part of a story, each word if possible, was to work frontally as well as laterally... ("Conveyance: The Story I would Not Want Bill Wilson To Read")
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|We became acutely aware of the profound healing that is needed in our species. We knew with conviction that what we were doing, as women and men together, was confronting the cultural dynamics that are killing us all- killing women and men, killing our children, killing the planet.
Matt Ridley, The Rational Optimist: How Prosperity Evolves|4. God reveals to humanity, through His Word, the shortest route to success, prosperity andwell-being.
Dee Hock|I call my it "the Book of Paula" or BoP for short. Those are my own opinions, based on experience.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Real loved one's aren't afraid, and will suggest to you, what's in your best interest... because they wouldn't want too see you suffer the consequences of your, sideways, emotional impulse(s). To see you crash and burn is the gratification of [the] 'yes folk' lurking in your corner. You may not agree, but always consider the voice(s) that have consistently kept it real.
Richard von Krafft-Ebing, Psychopathia Sexualis: A Medico-Legal Study|How deep congenital sex-inversion roots may be gathered from the fact that the pleasure-dream of the male Urning has to do with male persons, and of the female with females.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There are those who say that all roads lead to God. But Jesus said, “I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me” [John 14:6 KJV].
Amy Jarecki, The Time Traveler's Christmas|I'll be fine. It's just hard to love somebody who doesn't love you back," Fallon answered.
Rana Dasgupta, Solo|How many stopped-up men and women does it take to produce one Einstein? Ten? A thousand? A hundred thousand? ... So this is what Einstein meant when he looked me in the eye that day and said, I would be nothing without you. It was not success he saw written in my face. He saw, rather, that I would never accomplish anything at all.
Karen Russell, Swamplandia!|Rather, I plead with you to see a mode of life in our midst, a mode of life stunted and distorted, but possessing its own laws and claims, an existence of men growing out of the soil prepared by the collective but blind will of a hundred million people. I beg you to recognize human life draped in a form and guise alien to ours, but springing from a soil plowed and sown by our own hands. I ask you to recognize laws and processes flowing from such a condition, understand them, seek to change them. If we do none of these, then we should not pretend horror or surprise when thwarted life expresses itself in fear and hate and crime.
Nina LaCour, Hold Still|I want to care, but I don’t. I look at you and all I feel is tired.
C.S. Lewis, Letters to Malcolm: Chiefly on Prayer|Let us be so taken up with the knowledge of God's goodness and the desire to fellowship with Him that our emotions are warmed and our outer man reflects great love. Although we must not seek emotional experiences for their own sake, we must not shun them merely because others misuse them or ignore God's instructions on worship.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|I’ll record what I’ve learnt on the subject of what I sell. What it actually is means little to anyone other than me, but what it does and how it helps, means everything to those who require it.
Peter Straub, Mrs. God|To spare Cloyce's victims further indignities to their memory, I must be a scourge. To prevent others from perhaps being infected by Cloyce's depravity by watching him at work, I must be a scourge. To prevent time management technology from falling into the hands of authorities who, if not already corrupt, would be corrupted by it, I must be a scourge.Scourges aren't heroes.I had never imagined myself to be a hero, but never had I imagined I would be this.Scourges transgress against social and sacred order.A scourge went into darker territory than that. A scourge was not compelled to kill by mental imbalance or emotional confusion or selfish desire. A scourge made a carefully reasoned decision to kill in numbers that exceeded what was absolutely necessary to ensure self-preservation and the defense of the innocent. Even if he killed for the right reason, he was in rebellion against social order and commanding authority.Who scourges will be scourged. In fulfilling this dark role in Roseland, I would bring about my own death.Yet I knew I would not retreat from my decision.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The Blessing #2:May love lead your eyes to look out for others,may love lead your ears to listen to others,may love lead your tongue to encourage others,may love lead your hands to help others,may love lead your mind to think of others,may love lead your heart to feel for others,and may love lead your soul to pray for others.
Mike Huckabee|When your boss and colleagues care enough to invest in your health, it is good for you and the business.
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child|You may have bought my body, you may even have the papers to prove it, but don't fool yourself into thinking for a moment that my heart and mind were included in the purchase.
Corey Taylor, Seven Deadly Sins: Settling the Argument Between Born Bad and Damaged Good|The future is meant for those who are willing to let go of the worst parts of the past. When you cannot take two steps without turning around to inspect your footsteps, you are getting nowhere fast.
Sandra Bullock|There is such a thing as 'thanks-feeling' - feeling thankful. This ought to be the general, universal spirit of the Christian.
Frank Sonnenberg, Follow Your Conscience: Make a Difference in Your Life & in the Lives of Others|No, like worldly contempt, worldly honor is a whirlpool, a play of confused forces, an illusory moment in the flux of opinions. It is a sense-deception, as when a swarm of insects at a distance seem to the eye like one body; a sense-deception, as when the noise of the many at a distance seems to the ear like a single voice.
Christopher Nolan|The audience knows the truth, the world is simple. It's miserable, solid all the way through. But if you could fool them, even for a second, then you can make them wonder, and then you got to see something really special.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|I am so happy that I grew up knowing the word of God, the spirit of discernment in me is 24hrs activated, I can differentiate between light and darkness. I put on the amour of God even when the whole world is going to hell, I refuse to join them. The light in me shall overshadow every power of darkness.
NASA|This is the team. We're trying to go to the moon. If you can't put someone up, please don't put them down.
Cole Gibsen, Life Unaware|Why do you do it, Amber? Why do you go after people like you do? It’s not who you are.”“That’s the point,” Amber said. “I’m not allowed to be who I really am.
John Irving|By far the greatest part of those goods which are the objects of desire, are procured by labour; and they may be multiplied, not in one country alone, but in many, almost without any assignable limit, if we are disposed to bestow the labour necessary to obtain them.
Jane   Emery, Four Degrees: Searching for Mr. Right|I-I can’t sleep and I was going for a walk when I noticed the truck moving… and then I found you two and, um, I mean—”Lockland cut him off midsentence with a calm, serious tone. “Jay?” Jay’s gaze shot up to Lockland’s.“Spit it out!”“I was wondering if I could… I-I don’t know… join you?
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|Death, one way or another, would breathe life into a new order of balance today.
Kale Lawrence, The Clairvoyance Clock|Shut up, you fool...Really. I’m running out of things to throw at you.
|Isn't it time to stop wishing, complaining, making excuses and pointing finger? Your destiny calls for you to give your dream the actions that it desperately needs. Dig deep to discover your hidden abilities and strength to always persevere.
Timothy Snyder, On Tyranny: Twenty Lessons from the Twentieth Century|Life is political, not because the world cares about how you feel, but because the world reacts to what you do. The minor choices we make are a kind of vote, making it more or less likely that free and fair elections will be held in the future. In the politics of the everyday, our words and gestures, or their absence, count very much.
Seema Gupta|Divine love""Don't Leave me, ONLYTo carry my body on my two feet I need you
Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar|If you're going to have a complicated story, you must work to a map; otherwise you can never make a map of it afterwards.
Cameron Dallas|When you have to work, work with a smile.
Rebecca Timberlake, Bookish Hearts|All around him the branches of the trees had frozen solid, reaching out white fingers of glass that looked as if they would shatter in any breeze, or chime like musical bells. The world looked strangely magical.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|The soil in which the meditative mind can begin is the soil of everyday life, the strife, the pain, and the fleeting joy. It must begin there, and bring order, and from there move endlessly. But if you are concerned only with making order, then that very order will bring about its own limitation, and the mind will be its prisoner. In all this movement you must somehow begin from the other end, from the other shore, and not always be concerned with this shore or how to cross the river. You must take a plunge into the water, not knowing how to swim. And the beauty of meditation is that you never know where you are, where you are going, what the end is.
Elon Musk|If the Internet were planet Earth, the amount of space devoted to pregnancies, motherhood, infants, and toddlers would surely fill a continent. Of course, the Internet had an enormous investment in the subject: those future babies would be its next generation of users.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|16. Christians should never consult astrologers, psychics, or those who practice witchcraft (see Isaiah 47:13-14). They are usually phonies who only pretend to have extrasensory powers. But in some cases, they are working in cooperation with Satan. Rather than tamper with this evil world, the one true God wants us to bring our needs, problems, and decisions to Him. He has promised to lead us into all truth (see John 8:32).
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|For indeed, grace is the key to it all. It is not our lavish good deeds that procure salvation, but God's lavish love and mercy. That is why the poor are as acceptable before God as the rich. It is the generosity of God, the freeness of his salvation, that lays the foundation for the society of justice for all. Even in the seemingly boring rules and regulations of tabernacle rituals, we see that God cares about the poor, that his laws make provision for the disadvantaged. God's concern for justice permeated every part of Israel's life. It should also permeate our lives.
Mary Gatskill|The rain out again, hammering the puddles full of holes, pocking the black-and-silver world with shining darkness. Rain soaks each leaf and blade of grass, bloating the lawns until they seem to roll and swell. Houses recede. The wind rises. The eyes and ears of God come down for the walk".
Louise Erdrich, The Last Report on the Miracles at Little No Horse|Behind every face lies a mask. Behind it lies another onion layer of mask. If you peel the skins, you may cry.
Meljean Brook, Demon Moon|She trailed after him, admiring the line of his back. He began climbing the stairs, and she sighed with pleasure. Every bit of him was gorgeous. “Do you mind if I objectify you?”“Please do,” he said over his shoulder. “Particularly my knees, as they are oft-neglected.”“Maybe if you ever got your pants off, they wouldn’t be.”“It hardly matters, sweet; once they’ve come off, the attention isn’t likely to center on my absurdly handsome knees.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|There are differing opinions as to whether charisma and charm are innate qualities which we are born with or learned personality styles. I believe it is a combination of both. Young children demonstrate a propensity for this enthusiasm. However, smart adults realize that they can get further in life when they develop these special traits.
Jeff Greenfield|How many women have the courage to start properly with a cold, cold bath early in the morning? I jump in, throw the water, cold as ice, and after the first plunge I am happy.
Shakira|What happens is once you start to understand football, you realise that it's not just about the physical side of the game and chasing after a ball. It's a strategic sport which requires a lot of intelligence. It's a very mental game.
Dalai Lama XIV|LUBOV. I'm quite sure there wasn't anything at all funny. You oughtn't to go and see plays, you ought to go and look at yourself. What a grey life you lead, what a lot you talk unnecessarily.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|When I awake thinking of dreams I slept on, I often wonder, if the dreams ever wake up thinking of me?
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Life of the Beloved: Spiritual Living in a Secular World|Our society is so fragmented, our family lives so sundered by physical and emotional distance, our friendships so sporadic, our intimacies so 'in-between' things and often so utilitarian, that there are few places where we can feel truly safe.
Susannah Sandlin, Black Diamond|Autumn began to run. She felt an icy terror flood through her. He must have been waiting for her. He’d followed her all the way here. To this open, empty place.	He knows where I live.
Artur Davis|Before I went to jail, I was active in politics as a member of South Africa's leading organization - and I was generally busy from 7 A.M. until midnight. I never had time to sit and think.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|When a dreamer loses his lover, his dream profits. (Unless, of course, the lover was the dreamer's dream.)
Ayn Rand|The moral is the chosen, not the forced; the understood, not the obeyed. The moral is the rational, and reason accepts no commandments.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Born of Fury|It’s a lie, but it’s the lie he needs. I’m going to hell.
Donald J. Trump, Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again|Laywers, I suppose, were children once.
David Denby, Lit Up: One Reporter. Three Schools. Twenty-four Books That Can Change Lives.|If you don't read books, and if you don't get consumed by the physical and moral life of men and women in fiction and history, too many facets of yourself may never come into being.
Andrew Davidson, The Gargoyle|She says the problem with most Christians is that they show up once a week to pray that God's will be done- and when it is, they complain.
Jerry Z. Muller|Mai whispers, “Why did she have to leave? When she was there, I knew where I had her; she was safe.”“You of all people,” Nicholas says, “should know that freedom is more important than being safe.
Spider Robinson, Variable Star|Well, some men learn by listening, some read, some observe and analyze — and some of us just have to pee on the electric fence.
Gudjon Bergmann, Empowerment Basics|Like I tell our kids, 'Your Mom isn't always right and I'm not always right. But together, WE'RE ALWAYS right!
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|Love goes very far beyond the physical person of the beloved. It finds its deepest meaning in his spiritual being, his inner self. Whether or not he is actually present, whether or not he is still alive at all, ceases somehow to be of importance.
Sara Sheridan, Secret of the Sands|He cannot think. He can scarcely breathe. But he has no desire to either, he simply wants to keep kissing her.
R.T. Wolfe, Black Creek Burning|Ah, and then her beautiful face…actually, the level and angle that she was holding the umbrella, the whole time as she passed within Suresh’s view, only allowed him to see the bottom of her chin at most. Still, with a body as beautiful as hers, Suresh was quite certain that her face would be nothing less than positively stunning!
Amor Towles, Rules of Civility|Katey's the hottest bookworm you'll ever meet. If you took all the books that she's read and piled them in a stack, you could climb to the Milky Way.
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|Celaena opened her arms wide, Goldryn burning bright in one hand. “Behold my power, Maeve. Behold what I grapple with in the deep dark, what prowls under my skin.”Celaena exhaled a breath and extinguished each and every flame in the
Cory Bernardi, The Conservative Revolution|I had no need to apologize that the look-wider, search-more affirmative action that Princeton and Yale practiced had opened doors for me. That was its purpose: to create the conditions whereby students from disadvantaged backgrounds could be brought to the starting line of a race many were unaware was even being run.
Lisa Kessler, Lure of Obsession|He twisted the heavy gold ring around his finger. It had been in his family for generations, passed down to each eldest child along with the family mission of once again ushering in the Golden Age of Man.	His great-great-grandfather had been the first of their Order to make physical progress toward the ultimate goal: to free the powerful prisoners from the center of the Earth.
Sujish Kandampully|Ahh, love, why is it so easy to let you in, but so difficult to let you out? Why couldn’t you subsist only two-sided?
Jose Mujica|In every country today, there is politics. It may be authoritarian politics, but there is politics.
Noam Chomsky|Shall I tell you what the real evil is? To cringe to the things that are called evils, to surrender to them our freedom, in defiance of which we ought to face any suffering.
Jonathan Maas, City of Gods: Hellenica|First and foremost, they had the curses of the country: and Sir Murtagh Rackrent, the new heir, in the next place, on account of this affront to the body, refused to pay a shilling of the debts, in which he was countenanced by all the best gentlemen of property, and others of his acquaintance; Sir Murtagh alleging in all companies that he all along meant to pay his father's debts of honour, but the moment the law was taken of him, there was an end of honour to be sure. It was whispered (but none but the enemies of the family believe it) that this was all a sham seizure to get quit of the debts which he had bound himself to pay in honour.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Until our education system is repositioned to take care of the tripartite nature of a human being - head, heart and hand, we cannot make healthy progress as a nation or individuals.
Kevin Spacey|I never write anything without humor, just because I like humor, but at the same time, it is a way for anything fantastical to become relatable.
Katelyn Lillis|Before you speak words of hatred, so count with peace in your voice to ten.
Theodore Roosevelt|If anything I consider myself non-violent, I'm from the hippy era, peace, love, groovy.
Adam Cohen|My late mother moved back to her parents' homeland in the 1990s when Ukraine and Russia, along with the thirteen other former Soviet republics, became independent states. Drawing on her experience as a lawyer in Canada, she served as executive officer of the Ukrainian Legal Foundation, an NGO she helped to found.
Emmeline Pankhurst, My Own Story|It is obvious to you that the struggle will be an unequal one, but I shall make it - I shall make it as long as I have an ounce of strength left in me, or any life left in me.
Helen Bevington, When Found, Make a Verse of|If you can see everything in all directions, there is no such thing as up or down, left or right.
Charles Alexander Eastman, Indian Heroes and Great Chieftains|Gradually it became known that the new race had a definite purpose, and that purpose was to chart and possess the whole country, regardless of the rights of its earlier inhabitants. Still the old chiefs cautioned their people to be patient, for, said they, the land is vast, both races can live on it, each in their own way. Let us therefore befriend them and trust their friendship. While they reasoned thus, the temptations of graft and self-aggrandizement overtook some of the leaders.
Deyth Banger|Rules? You don't even know what game we're playing, mister.
Mike Klepper|Sometimes, the lessons that are learned by accident, or in the process of failing, are the most lasting.
Mensah Oteh|To take the island, cut all sources of retreat. Burn your boats and go all in.
Jen Wilde|That's what I like most about her; she isn't fearless. She's scared, but she keeps fighting. She has moments of doubt, when she runs away, but she comes back. She doesn't give up. Sometimes she fails, she falls down, she makes mistakes. She's real.
Ted Gioia, The History of Jazz|[T]he piano was to Harlem what brass bands had been to New Orleans. The instrument represented conflicting possibilities -- a pathway for assimilating traditional highbrow culture, a calling card of lowbrow nightlife, a symbol of middle-class prosperity, or, quite simply, a means of making a living.
Mario Cuomo|I have now been married to my third husband for more than 20 years. But when you've had children with someone you're divorced from, divorce defines everything; it's the lurking fact, a slice of anger in the pie of your brain.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|Once upon a time, you dragged a part of me into the world of the dead, and now Naoko has dragged another pat of me into that world.
E. Lockhart, Fly on the Wall: How One Girl Saw Everything|It's not objective. It's subjective.” Katya hooks her bra behind her back. “It's just what you think, not the truth.
Stephen Colbert, I Am America|If it will give you any satisfaction in the end, I still care for you. Either there is no such thing as love, or the word does not mean what I have thought it to mean on many different occasions. It is a feeling without a name, really—better to leave it at that. So take it and go away and have your fun with it. You know that we would both be at one another's throats again one day, as soon as we run out of common enemies. We had many fine reconciliations, but were they ever worth the pain that preceded them? Know that you have won and that you are the goddess I worship—for are not worship and religious awe a combination of love and hate, desire and fear?
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|Easy, dushka," he mumured. "You're safe.
Brené Brown|We don't know how much we are capable of loving until the people we love are being taken away, until a beautiful story is ending.
B.F. Skinner, Walden Two|Society already possesses the psychological techniques needed to obtain universal observance of a code -- a code which would guarantee the success of a community or state. The difficulty is that these techniques are in the hands of the wrong people--or, rather, there aren't any right people.
Eliza Coupe|In some sense, I'm a romantic. I like the idea of organic history and tradition.
Arthur Schopenhauer, The World as Will and Representation, Vol 1|Do I not well deserve to be turned into hell, if the scorns and threats of blinded men, if the fear of silly, rotten earth, can drive me thither (588)?
Sophie Oak|What I don’t get is how this helps me. You two get superpowers, and I get what?”Cian smiled broadly. “You have a power, Meggie. You have a magical pussy. It was sleeping with you together that brought us into our power. That vagina of yours is pure gold, lover.” Meg gave Cian a playful shove and rolled her eyes while he and his brother had a good laugh.“Don’t go expecting to use it on anyone else,” Beck said as though the thought had suddenly occurred to him. “That only works on the two of us.”Meg walked up to him and gave him a saucy smile. “Yes, Beck, I was planning on opening up shop. I was going to hang a sign on the cottage door and charge for it.
Billie Joe Armstrong|You know, artists don't really have all that much experience of life. We make a huge amount out of the small experience that we do have.
Alexander Ferrick, HACK3R|Her perception was propelled backward, as if it were being pulled into a vortex. She slammed into her body, and her eyes flew open with a gasp.“Alex?”She sat straight up in the chair and grabbed Caleb by the shoulders. “We have to save them.
Johanna Sinisalo, Enkelten verta|I used to think grief was grey and spacious and insubstantial, like a damp fog that surrounds you on every side, one that you can't get away from because it colours the air, and you breathe it in and out, and it has its own earthy smell that seeps into your ores. I thought of grief as a fleeting thing like fog, like a damp that eventually disperses. One day the greyness is slightly lighter; after a few weeks the damp no longer collects on your skin, the musty smell diminishes, somewhere in the distance a pale sun flashes from between tatters of mist, and the grief dissolves into melancholy and then memory. Never, not for a moment, did I think that grief could be as hard as a dagger, sharp and unrelenting. That it could strike again and again, always unexpected, hard, straight between my ribs, bright lights in my eyes, black and violet and pain so big that I gasp and stagger. I forget the dagger sometimes for a few moments, perhaps an hour, and that's the very worst--the stroke of the blade takes me by surprise, still just as hard, cruel, painful.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes|If you read fast and read all, maybe some of the sand will stay in the sieve.
Truman Capote, Summer Crossing|If we know the past, and live the present, it is possible that we dream the future?
Terry Pratchett, The Wee Free Men|Often, under the layers of our maturity is a child’s insecurity screaming for love and attention.
William Henry Frost, Miraculous Healing: Why Does God Heal Some and Not Others?|Christ is the eternal Son of God, and He is in His divine attributes the same yesterday and today and forever (Hebrews 13:8). If therefore He loved in the days of His flesh, He loves now; if He cared then, He cares now; if He healed then, He heals now. It does not necessarily follow that He will do now all that He did then, or that He will do what He does now in the same way as He did then, for His purposes in some things are different at present from what they were in the past. Nevertheless, Christ is changeless in character, and we may be sure that He is infinitely interested in us and concerned about us.
David Sedaris|I have tried to know absolutely nothing about a great many things, and I have succeeded fairly well.
Bill Burr|A funny thing happens in real estate. When it comes back, it comes back up like gangbusters.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If the well-being of my loved place depends on the well-being of Earth, I have a good reason for supporting the well-being of your loved place. I have selfish as well as cosmopolitan reasons for preserving the home-places of all human beings. Cosmopolitanism becomes thicker and more potent with this realization.
Ray Bradbury, I Sing the Body Electric! & Other Stories|She knew a thing she should have known all along: that dead people are like wax memory-you take them in your mind, you shape and squeeze them, push a bump here, stretch one out there, pull the body tall, shape and reshape, handle, sculp and finish a man-memory until he's all out of kilter.
Habeeb Akande|Behind every great man is a man greater, his father.
Jeb Bush|My dad was a big Frank Zappa fan, so I remember listening to a lot of Frank Zappa. Girls do not like Frank Zappa.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|Some people say, “Never let them see you cry.” I say, if you’re so mad you could just cry, then cry. It terrifies everyone.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|I look for John Proctor that took me from my sleep and put knowledge in my heart! I never knew what pretence Salem was, I never knew the lying lessons I was taught by all these Christian women and their covenanted men! And now you bid me tear the light out of my eyes! I will not, I cannot! You loved me, John Proctor, and whatever sin it is, you love me yet!
Mary Pickford|I don't take the movies seriously, and anyone who does is in for a headache.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|It is a mistake to think that the practice of my art has become easy to me. I assure you, dear friend, no one has given so much care to the study of composition as I. There is scarcely a famous master in music whose works I have not frequently and diligently studied.
Jennifer Beals|But, based on my friendship with Evie as young mothers, I started going on freedom rides in 1966.
Mir Sayyid Manjhan Shattari Rajgiri, Madhumalati: An Indian Sufi Romance|116. "I have heard that on the day the world was born,the bird of love was released to fly.It searched all the three worldsbut could not find a fit resting place.So it turned and entered the inmost heart,favoured it and never flew elsewhere.The three worlds asked it then,'Why are you attached to the human heart?''Suffering," it replied, "is the only hope for humans.Where there is sorrow, there I dwell.'Where there is grief in the world, love has its dwelling.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|There is a certain animal vitality in most of us which carries us through any trouble but the absolutely overwhelming. Only a fool has no sorrow, only an idiot has no grief - but then only a fool and an idiot will let grief and sorrow ride him down into the grave.
Mark William Lindberg, Queer on a Bench|Aromatherapy in lovemaking inspires us to slow down and enjoy the process of creation with our beloved. It takes time to smell, create, drop, and blend together. Slowness and anticipation of what’s to come is part of the fun. Savor the moment or, with luck, hours.
Sanhita Baruah|He can see what move I'm planning to make in chess and counters before I can do it. He always knows who the killer is in a detective story. I think he could make a career out of detecting, but he wants to write plays for theater. Maybe he could be a Shakespeare instead of a Sherlock. He could be anything. Anything he wants to be.
Paul Theroux|The feeling of friendship is like that of being comfortably filled with roast beef; love, like being enlivened with champagne.
M.B. Dallocchio|It is not enough to hope for something to happen and throw it into the universe. You, too, must also work to make it happen.
Robert Kennedy|America is the one rich country with the biggest slums, the least democratic and least developed health system, and the most niggardly attitude against its old people.
Rachel Caine, Prince of Shadows|Married and buried, wed and dead.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Stop chasing another busy self to become. Your real self is idle waiting to be lived... Go, take up your real self!
Vignesh S.V., Adventures of Dollar Right|Many pastors have been reduced to secular "mentors" and "coaches" in exchange for authentic disciplers of men.
Rose Leslie|Rap music's been around for too long now to be inspirational. The words are, but the music isn't.
Linda Bender, Animal Wisdom: Learning from the Spiritual Lives of Animals|Because we tend to equate intelligence with language--particularly the ability to use language to think and communicate abstractions--it is natural to conclude that animals are, on the whole, a lot less intelligent than we are.
Niki de St. Phalle|I'd like to avoid the environmental apocalypse if I could. Zombies, robots - I don't know - I'd probably do alright hidden in the middle of the herd and sacrificing people to keep myself alive, but where you gonna hide when all the food is gone?
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|Charlotte, Will’s beingvexing.''And the sun has come up in the east,'said Jem, to no one in particular.
Nicholas Sparks, The Choice|The past was gone and the future had yet to unfold, and he knew he should focus his life on the present…yet his day-to-day existence suddenly struck him as endless and unbearable.
Frithjof Schuon, The Transcendent Unity of Religions|We are all different expressions of one reality, different songs of one singer, different dances of one dancer, different paintings – but the painter is one.
Joyce Hutchinson|A week passed, and Jean Valjean had not taken a step in his room. He still remained in bed. The portress said to her husband:–"The good man upstairs yonder does not get up, he no longer eats, he will not last long. That man has his sorrows, that he has. You won't get it out of my head that his daughter has made a bad marriage."The porter replied, with the tone of marital sovereignty:"If he's rich, let him have a doctor. If he is not rich, let him go without. If he has no doctor he will die.""And if he has one?""He will die," said the porter.
John Locke|For some days, people thought that India was shaking. But there are always tremors when a great tree falls.
Nurudeen Ushawu|If every man could eat, thinking about another man, life would have been much easier.
Terry Pratchett|My experience in Amsterdam is that cyclists ride where the hell they like and aim in a state of rage at all pedestrians while ringing their bell loudly, the concept of avoiding people being foreign to them.My dream holiday would be a) a ticket to Amsterdam b) immunity from prosecution and c) a baseball bat.
Myles Munroe, Waiting and Dating|Friendship is not a gift, but is the result of hard work.
Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture|Roseanne, Roseanne, if I called to you now, my own self calling to my own self, would you hear me? And if you could hear me, would you heed me?
H.M. Forester, Game of Aeons|He let the hours go by lost in the magic of words, shedding his skin and his name, feeling like another person. He allowed himself to be carried away by the dreams of shadowy characters, the only refuge left for him.
|Your time to shine is definitely coming, but you must not allow your past failures and disappointments to steal it from you.
Neal Asher, Brass Man|It seemed that, after contact with a few human generations, sand hogs would begin to understand human speech. The irony was that after coming to understand their riders fully, the beasts often ended up abandoning them and heading off into the wilderness.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|If developed and implemented meaningfully, Cyber Shield Act could be a catalyst to incite responsible cybersecurity adoption and implementation throughout multiple manufacturing sectors."James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology
Benjamin Netanyahu|I believe that peace with the Palestinians is most urgent - urgent than ever before. It is necessary. It is crucial. It is possible. A delay may worsen its chances. Israel and the Palestinians are, in my judgment, ripe today to restart the peace process.
Yaganesh Derasari|Relation is when each have Same words to speak, Conversation will be Awesome.
Susan Shaw, The Boy From the Basement|Dear Mrs. Black: On seven prior occasions this company has denied your claim in writing. We now deny it for the eighth and final time. You must be stupid, stupid stupid, stupid!
Edna St. Vincent Millay, Collected Poems|Stranger, pause and look;From the dust of agesLift this little book,Turn the tattered pages,Read me, do not let me die!Search the fading letters findingSteadfast in the broken bindingAll that once was I!
Akiba Ben Joseph|The paper burns, but the words fly free.
Karen Keast, The Surprise Of His Life|Denim and doubt, cotton and caution, fell to the floor in a forgotten heap
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Ethics|Modern science gives lectures on botany, to show there is no such thing as a flower; on humanity, to show there is no such thing as a man; and on theology, to show there is no such thing as a God. No such thing as a man, but only a mechanism, No such thing as a God, but only a series of forces.
C. JoyBell C.|There are gigantic trees that have grown tall into the winds and the clouds over the thousands of years of their lives, their tops are rustled and tossed by the mists of the atmosphere! Then there are the short trees that don't live for long, they are young with no deep roots and only a few annual rings to tell their stories.The tall, ancient trees sway in the realm of freedom while the short young trees cannot even raise their branches into that direction of the sky! Now, you are the bird who needs a tree to live in; if you choose to live in the tree which thrives in the realm of freedom, that doesn't mean you are not committed to that tree. You are still committed to your tree, but together you and your tree live in freedom. Freedom is not the absence of commitment. If you are the bird who chooses to fly around amongst the short trees and live in them, that's because your wings are too short to make it any higher and your vision too near to see any further into the clouds. And if you move from one short tree to the next short tree, that doesn't mean you are free, you are still down there below, freedom is still nowhere near you.
Sharon Creech, Walk Two Moons|I had not said anything about what had happened the day before—about being scared down to my very bones when I thought they had left me. I don't know what came over me. Ever since my mother left us that April day, I suspected that everyone was going to leave, one by one.
Nikos Kazantsakis, Zorba, El Griego|What a mystery woman is, boss! Even if she falls thousand times, she rises a thousand times a virgin. But how´s that? you´ll say. Because she doesn´t remember!
Astrid Lindgren|I’ve been focusing on my career. I’ve had no time. That’s why I wanted to go out this weekend. I’ve been storing that shit up like a sexual camel. At this point I’d probably just walk into the bar, blow my load all over the room like a fire hose, and walk out.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|The vast majority of the populace would never think of setting themselves any deadlines for the achievement of their dreams. They may have a vague notion they will get older and that one day they will probably die, but it all seems a long way away, and tomorrow will bring its own share of problems and pressing issues to fill their time.
Mark Knopfler|If you talk bad about country music, it's like saying bad things about my momma. Them's fightin' words.
Philip Roth, When She Was Good|Not to be rich, not to be famous, not to be mighty, not even to be happy, but to be civilized--that was the dream of his life.
Gaston Bachelard|I feel prematurely old. I'm actually having this major belated quarter-life crisis. I'm turning 30 in a couple of weeks. I've been thinking a lot about mortality. A lot about what I'm going to do with my life and how to enjoy it. One of the things I'm going to work on is being more spontaneous, letting go, embracing the beauty of come-what-may.
Thomas Gilovich, How We Know What Isn't So: The Fallibility of Human Reason in Everyday Life|People will always prefer black-and-white over shades of grey, and so there will always be the temptation to hold overly-simplified beliefs and to hold them with excessive confidence
Kristen Tracy|James: I think people pretty much determine their fates. I think people choose their lives.Lucy: I don’t know. I think sometimes things happen to people that are beyond their control. Things that they don’t want to happen.James: I know what you’re saying. Sometimes random shit happens, but for the most part, people are where they are in life because they chose to be there.
Stephanie Lahart|Understand indigenous healing will also heal other nations and peoples. We've all been living on broken ugly systems built on genocide and slavery. Strengthening and empowering others, in whatever capacity, also helps the self.
Milton Friedman|There's nothing I believe in more strongly than getting young people interested in science and engineering, for a better tomorrow, for all humankind.
Bill Plympton|I've taken a philosophical position on e-mail. Although I think it's a wonderful communication technology, and it has a lot of good uses, it is abused quite a lot.
John Mark Green|You make me feel at home in my own skin, and that is one of the greatest gifts anyone has ever given me.
Pazaria Smith|God has privileged us, in Christ Jesus, to live above the "Ordinary" human plane of life. We are the head and not the tail, above and not beneath!
Nick Harkaway|We understand how to build and manage businesses that involve technology, engineering, and people at a large scale on a global platform.
Thomas Merton, The Seven Storey Mountain|Given the choice, a yeast cell's ideal state is to be diploid. But if it's in an environment with a lack of nutrients, you know what happens?The diploids break into haploids again. Solitary little haploids. Because, in a crisis, it's easier to survive as a single cell.
Charles de Gaulle|We may not know what each day has in store for us. We could be gone tomorrow. Any minute could truly be our goodbye. But we do have this moment. This time. Today. Right now. It takes way more effort to shell out hate then it does to allow love to flow freely in our lives. After all, it's what we were born to do.
Bertha von Suttner|When two people decide to get a divorce  it isn't a sign that they "don't understand" one another  but a sign that they have  at last  begun to.
Melanie Hooyenga, Flicker|I figure the more people think I'm just mildly weird, the less likely they are to know how weird I really am.
Lana Del Rey|Regardless of how far we have come, we are still looking for answers. While many are being answered, what we really want to know is how we can make our lives better.
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|Sylvia possessed a deeply conditioned respect for authority. She wanted desperately to live up to the expectations of a society that viewed her as a bright, charming, enormously talented disciple of bourgeois conformity. On the other hand, she ached to experience life in all its grim and beautiful complexity. The poetic eye was always at work examining the nuance and measuring obscure detail, turning conversation into ultimatum (Steiner)
Jessica Lave|Good or bad, words have an impact on each of us. As a writer, I can only hope that the effects my words have on others are more often good than bad.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|Jev stroked his chin. "Do I look like a summer fling?
Christian Robinson|The light of artistic creation is also blinding.The artist can’t see the suffering he causesto those around him. And the’ll neverunderstand the purity of his goal, how the heatof his invention won’t melt the ice in his heart.He must be ruthless!No religion, no purpose except this:Make something perfect before you die.Life is short, art is for all time
Richard Price, Clockers|Rocco was gripped with the panic he often experienced around her, around himself. He seemed to be both here now and simultaneously five years in the future looking back at this moment, at the loss of this moment. He was always sliding past the nowness of being with her, throwing himself at her like a cranked-up insincere clown for an exhausting fifteen minutes a day or getting cozy with booze in order to achieve the proper mood, and from the time she was born he had felt he was on his deathbed, remembering with regret how skittish and slippery his time with her had been. Had been, as if she were a hard thirty-seven and divorced instead of a two-year old baby, as if he were eighty-six and senile instead of forty-three and slightly overweight.
Camus|Have you ever felt in your inmost being, the conscience of others?' again she was trembling, the words were not releasing her. 'It's intolerable you know
Lisa Kessler, Lure of Obsession|A digital wall of masks stared back at him. His finger rolled the mouse in a slow downward scroll.	"Okay, you bastard. Where are you?
Ian McEwan, The Child in Time|She had the feeling, the tingling, lingering sense that something or someone life altering was just over the horizon. She had no idea what it was, but she wanted to rush headlong to bring it to her.
Peter S. Beagle, We Never Talk about My Brother|Envy nobody. It is the true secret of happiness, or at least the only one I know. (By Moonlight)
Manuela George-Izunwa|Yes! Very funny this terrible thing is. A man that is born falls into a dream like a man who falls into the sea. If he tries to climb out into the air as inexperienced people endeavour to do, he drowns--nicht wahr?. . . No! I tell you! The way is to the destructive element submit yourself, and with the exertions of your hands and feet in the water make the deep, deep sea keep you up. So if you ask me--how to be?
Meg Cabot, The Boy Next Door|i wish i had 15-20 cats that would serve as a blanket, like if i moved they would adjust to my new position, that would be good
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|I was as unburdened as a piece of dandelion fluff, and he was the wind that stirred me about the world.
Jane Stanton Hitchcock, Social Crimes|If we want to change the systems we are part of - our countries, communities, organizations, and families - we must also see and change ourselves
Laurell K. Hamilton, Blood Noir|The horror of what I saw chilled me to the bone. Blood glistened on my friend's lips. He knelt down and whispered something I could not hear. Star then stopped attacking, and to lay down to sleep. What the hell had he done to my dog? Just how much of a chance did I have to live through the next few moments of my life? I turned and ran as fast as I could, heart thudding in my chest. I ran down the pier, running for my life. Something came in front of me and grabbed me. It was Drew. He held my arms still in front of him. He stared intently into my eyes.
David Levithan, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist|It's just like when you've got some coffee that's too black, which means it's too strong. What do you do? You integrate it with cream, you make it weak. But if you pour too much cream in it, you won't even know you ever had coffee. It used to be hot, it becomes cool. It used to be strong, it becomes weak. It used to wake you up, now it puts you to sleep.
Bono|In an age robbed of religious symbols, going to the shops replaces going to the church. We have a free choice, but at a price. We can win experience, but never achieve innocence. Marx knew that the epic activities of the modern world involve not lance and sword but dry goods.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|The self-judging person will always judge others. The rubric we develop for ourselves, the measuring stick we put against our own mind and body, generalizes to every other human being.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|All the variety, all the charm, all the beauty of life is made up of light and shadow.
James Dashner, The Kill Order|Her short blond hair shifted in the wind, and she appeared the very definition of peace and comfort. Like she belonged in the world that had existed before everything was scorched.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|... it is shameful that there are so few women in science... In China there are many, many women in physics. There is a misconception in America that women scientists are all dowdy spinsters. This is the fault of men. In Chinese society, a woman is valued for what she is, and men encourage her to accomplishments yet she remains eternally feminine.
Debasish Mridha|As water changes its shape according to the shape of the vessel, I change myself by changing my thoughts.
Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea|War as a moral metaphor is limited, limiting, and dangerous. By reducing the choices of action to “a war against” whatever-it-is, you divide the world into Me or Us (good) and Them or It (bad) and reduce the ethical complexity and moral richness of our life to Yes/No, On/Off. This is puerile, misleading, and degrading. In stories, it evades any solution but violence and offers the reader mere infantile reassurance. All too often the heroes of such fantasies behave exactly as the villains do, acting with mindless violence, but the hero is on the “right” side and therefore will win. Right makes might.
Elizabeth Isaacs|And do you know why we have not the power to attain this Stoic ideal? It is because we refuse to believe in our power. Nay, of a surety, there is something else which plays a part: it is because we are in love with our vices; we uphold them and prefer to make excuses for them rather than shake them off. We mortals have been endowed with sufficient strength by nature, if only we use this strength, if only we concentrate our powers and rouse them all to help us or at least not to hinder us. The reason is unwillingness, the excuse, inability.
Gavin Newsom|There's still something so pure and heartfelt and emotional and genuine about a bouquet of flowers that, even with all the advances of technology and the millions of ways we have to communicate with each other, flowers are still relevant in my opinion.
Kathy Cyr, Max Hamby and the Onyx Eyes|Little boys jump, but they do not know where. Into the mouth of the demon lair. Hold still and you will see, in his hand is the key. Fire and brimstone. Brimstone and fire. Your ally is clever. a thief and a liar. All is not lost. You can turn it around. But, for a moment...all will be well.....peaceful and sound." Alice.
Dada Bhagwan|We’ are the self (chetan, Soul) and obstruction (antray) are non-self (achetan, non-Soul); therefore, the Self (chetan, Soul) shall win in the end!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When your strength goes down, remember God is up to uplift you!
Paul Lafargue, The Right to Be Lazy|The free enterprise concept inherent in the economic model of capitalism should mean common people, or lower and middle class wage-earners, have greater potential to rise up and gain financial independence. In reality, however, free enterprise all too often leads to an almost total lack of government regulation that in turn allows the global elite to run amuck in Gordon Gecko-style financial coups.
Blaise Pascal|During my first years in the Sierra, I was ever calling on everybody within reach to admire them, but I found no one half warm enough until Emerson came. I had read his essays, and felt sure that of all men he would best interpret the sayings of these noble mountains and trees. Nor was my faith weakened when I met him in Yosemite.
