Ivan Goncharov, Oblomov|In the bitter waves of woe, Beaten and tossed about By the sullen winds that blow From the desolate shores of doubt,­­ When the anchors that faith had cast Are dragging in the gale, I am quietly holding fast To the things that cannot fail: In the darkest night of the year,  When the stars have all gone out,  That courage is better than fear,  That faith is truer than doubt; And fierce though the fiends may fight,  And long though the angels hide, I know that Truth and Right Have the universe on their side; And somewhere, beyond the stars, Is a Love that is better than fate; When the night unlocks her bars I shall see Him, and I will wait
Ali ibn Abi Talib|The moment you start arguing with an ignorant fool, you have already lost.
Virginia Alison|Souls do not break neither do hearts. Ravaged by time, they continue living within us and it is our choice whether to remove the walls of self preservation that we build as protection or to hide behind them and remain hardened within our comfort zone.Life is precious, giving it your all is preferable to withering and dying even before you fall off this mortal coil.
Gwen Stefani|That's what we were exploring on 'Larry Sanders' - the human qualities that have brought us to where we are now in the world: the addiction to needing more and wanting more and talking more. We were examining the labels put on success - is it successful to be on TV every day, to be famous, to have a paycheck?
Veronica Roth, Summer Days and Summer Nights: Twelve Love Stories|Each day is new, but our lives shall be old in each new day if we fail to understand why each day is new.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|I felt no shame in these activities, because I understood what almost no one else seemed to grasp: that there was only an infinitesimal difference, a difference so small that it barely existed except as a figment of the human imagination, between working in a tall green glass building on Park Avenue and collecting litter in a park. In fact, there may have been no difference at all.
Francesca Lia Block, Weetzie Bat|Weetzie could see him--it was a man, a little man in a turban, with a jewel in his nose, harem pants, and curly-toed slippers. "Lanky Lizards!" Weetzie exclaimed."Greetings," said the man in an odd voice, a rich, dark purr."Oh, shit!" Weetzie said."I beg your pardon? Is that your wish?
C. JoyBell C.|The most fundamental, basic need in magick, is the development of the will. The magus says, “I will, and not heaven nor hell can stop me.” It is in this forming and growing, creating, of the will, where heaven and hell learns to follow the will of the magus. A person who wants to develop the soul must never say, “Maybe” or “If I see a sign” because the master creates his own signs. If you need a star to align in front of a tree because that to you would be a sign, then you make the star align with the tree, if not in this world, in the other worlds and in the other dimensions. There are no “ifs” and there are no “maybes” there are only “I wills.” This is the basic platform of magick, and most people never get past it, because not all can.
Lance Conrad, The Price of Nobility|My character is beyond your every thought, and I'm different from your every character.
Jody Cantrell Dyer, The Eye of Adoption: The True Story of My Turbulent Wait for a Baby|But I don't think any parent can expect to escape this life without disappointing his child at some point. And the same could be said the other way around. We all of us fall short now and again, and disappoint someone dear to us, or ourselves. Thankfully, my parents have always been the forgiving sort.
Mary Doria Russell, The Sparrow|She was alone and destitute in a world of pointless carnage. By an eight-hundred-year-old Sepahrdic tradition she ad been since the age of twelve and a half "bogeret l'reshut nafsha"--an adult wit authority over her own soul. The Torah taught, Choose life. And so, rather than die of pride, Sofia Mendes sold what she had to sell, and she survived.
kerry H Robinson|When men start affording more rights to women, maybe we'll be nicer to the ones we don't like. But for now, I know that I myself am too busy trying to preserve my rights and faculties to take care of a man's fragile ego.
Bob Kerrey|Unexpected kindness is the most powerful, least costly, and most underrated agent of human change.
Carter G. Woodson|I don't have any blindness when it comes to my money. As an actor, you can get distracted by your work. I do keep an eye on my nest egg, if you will.
Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor|Is the god the source, or is the god a human manner of conceiving of the force and energy that supports the world? In our tradition God is a male. This male and female differentiation is made, however, within the field of time and space, the field of duality. If God is beyond duality, you cannot say that God is a "He." You cannot say God is a "She." You cannot say God is an "It." (18)
Elizabeth Bard, Lunch in Paris: A Love Story, with Recipes|There was something horribly depressing, she felt, about watching the weather report. That life could be planned like the perfect summer picnic drained it of spontaneity.
Lawren Leo, Spell to Attract Excitement|The secret to excitement is discovering new paths, and having the courage to take them.
Orson Scott Card, Xenocide|When you have wisdom that another person knows that he needs, you give it freely. But when the other person doesn't yet know that he needs your wisdom you keep it to yourself. Food only looks good to a hungry man.
Smiley Blanton|Every time you empty your vessel of that energy, fresh new energy comes flooding in.
Jason Myers, Dead End|Blame the economy, blame bad luck, blame my parents, blame your parents, blame the Internet, blame people who use the Internet.
Thom Mayne|If you get asteroids about a kilometer in size, those are large enough and carry enough energy into our system to disrupt transportation, communication, the food chains, and that can be a really bad day on Earth.
Carrie Ryan, The Dark and Hollow Places|The strong survive, but the courageous triumph.
Sue Fitzmaurice|The longer you blame the mirror, the longer you throw away the power to change what it is reflecting.
Simone Weil|There is something else which has the power to awaken us to the truth. It is the works of writers of genius. They give us, in the guise of fiction, something equivalent to the actual density of the real, that density which life offers us every day but which we are unable to grasp because we are amusing ourselves with lies.
Alfred Nobel|The capital ... shall form a fund, the interest of which shall be distributed annually as prizes to those persons who shall have rendered humanity the best services during the past year. ... One-fifth to the person having made the most important discovery or invention in the science of physics, one-fifth to the person who has made the most eminent discovery or improvement in chemistry, one-fifth to the one having made the most important discovery with regard to physiology or medicine, one-fifth to the person who has produced the most distinguished idealistic work of literature, and one-fifth to the person who has worked the most or best for advancing the fraternization of all nations and for abolishing or diminishing the standing armies as well as for the forming or propagation of committees of peace.
John White|I caught one last glimpse of her face, howling something at me.There were too many vowels in what she said, and they were in an unkind order. ("Substitutions")
Sue Monk Kidd, The Dance of the Dissident Daughter|The symbol of Goddess gives us permission. She teaches us to embrace the holiness of every natural, ordinary, sensual dying moment. Patriarchy may try to negate body and flee earth with its constant heartbeat of death, but Goddess forces us back to embrace them, to take our human life in our arms and clasp it for the divine life it is - the nice, sanitary, harmonious moment as well as the painful, dark, splintered ones.If such a consciousness truly is set loose in the world, nothing will be the same. It will free us to be in a sacred body, on a sacred planet, in sacred communion with all of it. It will infect the universe with holiness. We will discover the Divine deep within the earth and the cells of our bodies, and we will lover her there with all our hearts and all our souls and all our minds.
Fulton J. Sheen|The financial markets are not to be trusted. They expect to be given free reign to make huge profits while the sun is shining, but hasten to the shelter of the state when the skies darken.
Brian K. Vaughan, Y: The Last Man - The Deluxe Edition Book Four|I return one last time to the places of death all around us, the places of slaughter to which, in a huge communal effort, we close our hearts. Each day a fresh holocaust, yet, as far as I can see, our moral being is untouched. We do not feel tainted. We can do anything, it seems, and come away clean.We point to the Germans and Poles and Ukrainians who did and did not know of the atrocities around them. We like to think they were inwardly marked by the after-effects of that special form of ignorance. We like to think that in their nightmares the ones whose suffering they had refused to enter came back to haunt them. We like to think they woke up haggard in the mornings and died of gnawing cancers. But probably it was not so. The evidence points in the opposite direction: that we can do anything and get away with it; that there is no punishment.
Madeleine L'Engle|The room rang with her voice, then with silence. In the shaded darkness, silence had the quality of a looming dragon. It seemed to roar and the roar to reverberate, to dominate. To escape from it would require a burst of recklessness, even cruelty.
Nina Boddin|She is beautiful like an angel, charming like a fairy and sweet like honey.
Abbe Pierre|Women of the working class, especially wage workers, should not have more than two children at most. The average working man can support no more and and the average working woman can take care of no more in decent fashion.
Tadao Ando|When you take away the phone and e-mail and you don't have a million things to run around to, it allows your mind the space to think more expansively about the things that matter.
John Hench|Communication is paramount, and what medium or what format you utilize should be a non-issue. In some respects, that has created a barrier for new media, especially web new media, because often times maybe the media itself comes before the concept, before the ideas, and ends up navigating or dictating the outcome.
David Cronenberg, Consumed|We can’t worry about meaning. Ari proposed to us that meaning is a consumer item. Some people manufacture it through religion, philosophy, nationhood, politics, and some people buy it. But an artist is not a manufacturer.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|For one who reads, there is no limit to the number of lives that may be lived, for fiction, biography, and history offer an inexhaustible number of lives in many parts of the world, in all periods of time.
Stacy Buck, Squanto Undead: Wake the Undead Part 2|I think you’re the only person I know who gets excited over these dead things.”Freya returned his smile with her own grin and let the crossbow in her hands rest against her hip. “If you don’t think they’re even the teensiest bit fascinating, then you best just stay home and let me and Darius do the fun stuff for once.
T. Colin Campbell, Whole: Rethinking the Science of Nutrition|We don't need to know the effects of single agents on health, because this is not the way that nature works. Nutrition has a wholistic effect on health; one that we consistently miss and misinterpret when we focus on isolated nutrients.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|In the moment when I truly understand my enemy, understand him well enough to defeat him, then in that very moment I also love him. I think it’s impossible to really understand somebody, what they want, what they believe, and not love them the way they love themselves. And then, in that very moment when I love them.... I destroy them.
Richard Wagamese, Indian Horse|She was told it was magnetism that kept them engaged, and how do you separate magnets? You force them apart.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|The emotional, sexual, and psychological stereotyping of females begins when the doctor says: "It's a girl.
Chris Kurtz|Son, you never know who will step up with the brains and talent in a time of need and be the right one for the job.
Gena Showalter, Oh My Goth|There’s a really stupid saying: When life hands you a lemon, make lemonade. Well, I have a better saying: When life hands you a lemon, shove that lemon up its stupid butt.
David Tennant|After having my baby I felt like I'd been introduced to my life, I slowed down, I paid more attention to simple things, I addressed a few issues in my own life, I even got married, I looked at what was important and what wasn't, and so I used that experience for inspiration.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore|I desired dragons with a profound desire. Of course, I in my timid body did not wish to have them in the neighborhood. But the world that contained even the imagination of Fáfnir was richer and more beautiful, at whatever the cost of peril.
Keith David|That's a rule in the business. No tongue. You can't really get into it, otherwise, it's weird. I think that particular scene made his (Adam Brody) girlfriend jealous. There were issues.
Michael Gove|Good political leadership for me involves getting the big decisions right - however difficult, however controversial, however potentially divisive - and then being able to take people with you.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Am I blind?" Will's voice floated out of the darkness, tinged with annoyance. "I'm not going to be at all pleased if you've blinded me, Henry.
Louis Sachar, Holes|A lot of people don't believe in curses.A lot of people don't believe in yellow-spotted lizards either, but if one bites you, it doesn't make a difference whether you believe in it or not.
Roel van Sleeuwen|Though a smile is little work, its effects are long lasting.
Gift Gugu Mona|Do our natures dictate the choices we make, I wonder, or do we choose to live a certain way because of circumstances beyond our control?
Cynthia D'Aprix Sweeney, The Nest|Sometimes waiting and being disappointed was good, to remind me he didn't belong to me. Nothing belonged to me.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If God wanted the sky to be empty, He would not have given birds wings to fly.
Shunryu Suzuki, Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind: Informal Talks on Zen Meditation and Practice|Separating the God question from Buddhism does not make Buddhists atheists—within silence lies mystery. That doesn’t mean, however, we should infer from this acknowledgement of the mystery a nod one way or another on the matter of the divine.
Jules Verne|Wit is the appearance, the external flash of imagination. Thus its divinity, and the witty character of mysticism.
Naomi Kramer, DEAD[ish]|It’s my belief that animals can help a human being travel to the wounds of childhood. The best part is, once you go there, you can fix things. Get on with life.
Sandy Nathan, Numenon|I’ve always hated the “Who are you?" question. This is a philosophical inquiry. Answering that question is why we’re on earth. You can’t answer it in thirty seconds or in an elevator.
Tullian Tchividjian|Whether it's a Christian or a non-Christian, there's nothing like suffering to show us how small, needy, and not in control we are. Suffering has a way of sobering us up to the realization that we can't make it on our own, that we need help, that we're broken.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Ain't She Sweet|Something snapped inside her. “Of course I’m afraid! Relationships do bad things to me.” He started to respond, but the pain had gone on long enough, and she didn’t want to hear it. “You know what I want? I want peace. I want a good job and a decent place to live. I want to read books and listen to music and have time to make some female friendships that are going to last. When I wake up in the morning, I want to know that I have a decent shot at being happy. And here’s what’s really sad. Until I met you, I was almost there.
Debasish Mridha|In this vast universe when I was getting lost, you made me infinite with infinite love.
Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree|Heimat. The word mean home in German, the place where one was born. But the term also conveys a subtler nuance, a certain tenderness. One's Heimat is not merely a matter of geography; it is where one's heart lies. 
Mark McKinnon|I knew I wanted to become an actor when I was 7 years old. My dad was working with Alfred Hitchcock, my mom was working with Martin Scorsese - and it was the great summer of my childhood.
Yasmina Khadra, The Attack|I would not bring one shadow on his life, and this I know would break his noble heart.
Stanley Hauerwas|When one is young, aspiring to play for the country, doing well, any hindrance, like injury or being out of form, can be frustrating and a cause of annoyance or even anger. But once you have a close encounter with death, you realise the real value of life.
Bill  Johnson|Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil. J.Paul Getty
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|The small word, “No.” I’d see its deity.
|It takes an enthusiastic mind to understand all the necessary steps needed to make one's dream a reality, but a lot of discipline and perseverance to stay consistent all the way through.
Nivin Pauly|I don't want to adhere to any particular image. I have tried to bring in variety to my characters. But then, only a few actors have managed to earn this tag of a romantic hero. Many have aspired to get such a label. So I am not complaining.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, The Illusion of "Truth": The Real Jesus Behind the Grand Myth|The authors of the gospels, like all writers in all time periods, either reference information they have at hand – including things they’ve heard or read – or they make things up. . . For reference material, the author of Mark relied not on Jesus himself or any writings from him. . . . His sole source(was): oral traditions passed along by word-of-mouth for four decades.
Nathaniel Branden|We are parts of one universe, true enough. We stand within an almost infinite network of relationships. Yet each of us is a single point of consciousness, a unique event, a private, unrepeatable world. This is the essence of our aloneness.
Stephen Chbosky|It's strange because sometimes, I read a book, and I think I am the people in the book. Also, when I write letters, I spend the next two days thinking about what I figured out in my letters.
Pierce Brown, Golden Son|Mustang...' I rest my hand on her wrist. Despite her strength, it's frail in my hands. Frail as the other girl's was when I held her in the deepmines. I couldn't help that girl. And now I feel like I can't help this woman. Would that my hands were meant to build. I would know what to say. What to do. Maybe in another life I would have been that man. In this one, my words, like my hands, are clumsy. All they can do is cut. All they can do is break.
Annie Dillard, Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters|And I feel like the Queen of Water. I feel like water that transforms from a flowing river to a tranquil lake to a powerful waterfall to a freshwater spring to a meandering creek to a salty sea to raindrops gentle on your face to hard, stinging hail to frost on a mountaintop, and back to a river again.
Søren Kierkegaard|Some men may be snared by beauty alone, but none can be held except by virtue and compliance.
Orison Swett Marden|There's a joy and a pain about directing where the dreams you have are becoming concrete but the attention to detail, the need for time is such that it's overwhelming at times, and the stream of responsibility.
J.A. Redmerski, The Edge of Never|I don’t know what I’m doing, or where I’m going, but I do know that I want to do whatever it is and get there soon.
Ted Gioia, How to Listen to Jazz|When stealing from other players, an older musician wisely advised me, choose a different instrument from your own, and people won’t notice the theft.
Tzipi Livni|Over these years, I have irrevocably transferred a significant part of the shareholding in Wipro, amounting to 39% of the shares of Wipro, to a trust.
A.G. Howard, Ensnared|For the second time since meeting her, Echo looked as if I’d slapped her. Water pooled at the bottom edges of her eyes, her cheeks flushed red and she blinked rapidly. She’d succeeded in making me feel like a d*ck … again.
Arnold Bennett|The chief beauty about timeis that you cannot waste it in advance.The next year, the next day, the next hour are lying ready for you,as perfect, as unspoiled,as if you had never wasted or misapplieda single moment in all your life.You can turn over a new leaf every hourif you choose.
Lynn Redgrave|He that loves not his wife and children feeds a lioness at home, and broods a nest of sorrows.
Ray Bradbury|When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
Sol Luckman, Beginner's Luke|It was a rotten time to try to be a man in America. Until Blue came along I’d never even spent time around a man. Hell, I’d never even seen one. Where were all the men in this once great land?
Mehmet Murat ildan|For a great willpower, no road has length!
Drea Damara, The Weeping Books Of Blinney Lane|Ridiculous, that Finn had to be the one giving comfort. But it had been this way with Tom too. Arguments were tricky things for both sides to win if no one ever gave way first. There was something terribly domestic about the small sacrifice of ego, of first place. Sure, sex was a fine thing, but a fight at the end of which the pair of you were more lovingly entangled than ever, that was closer to being one flesh, one soul, than anything else.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Being loved means; are disagreements welcome in my relationships? If you cant disagree with someone then you live in a tyranny and if you live in a tyranny then you are only loved to the degree that you erase yourself and conform to the irrational expectations of bullies. That isn't love obviously. Now if somebody in you life demands that you not disagree with them and gets angry, "offended", or outraged should you disagree with them then, that person is not a good person. It's pretty narcissistic. It's somebody who does not have the maturity, wisdom, and ego strength to handle, and in fact welcome disagreements.  When people disagree with me as a whole I think it's a great opportunity for learning. People don't want to expose topics that might cause disagreement because, if the disagreement is punished then the illusion of being loved by good people is shattered.
Ashly Lorenzana, Speed Needles|The sickest part of this whole story is that I tried really hard to make up for what I thought I did to her, after she started talking to me again. I loaned her money whenever she needed it, I gave her rides whenever she called and needed to get somewhere, I did my best to pretend like David wasn't in the room with us when I was at her house, I did whatever I could that I thought might show her that I loved her and cared about her, and I never meant to hurt her. It took a while before I realized that would never happen. She'd never love me like a mom is supposed to. She would never be there for me like I tried to be for her. She would never apologize for anything or admit that she was wrong.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|As a young man just beginning to publish some short fiction in the t&a magazines, I was fairly optimistic about my chances of getting published; I knew that I had some game, as the basketball players say these days, and I also felt that time was on my side; sooner or later the best-selling writers of the sixties and seventies would either die or go senile, making room for newcomers like me.
Erica Mbasan, For the Joy Set Before Us: Insights into the Missionary Journey|Our cultural roots are the most ancient in the world. The spiritual concepts of our Ancestors gave birth to religious thought African people believe in the oneness of the African family through sacred time, which unites the past, the present and the future. Our Ancestors live with us.
Nicole Ari Parker|I will forever be thankful to the Malawians and international community, and my professional army and army general, who said: 'No, we will follow the constitution.' That's why I'm here.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|We put up a kind of spiritual firewall and make a conscious effort to shut out the headlines, because our (Bible) discussions are meant to be timeless.
Phillip E. Johnson|You know that's history, that's why some people say that my stuff is retro, but I don't agree.
Sunday Adelaja|For a thinking man, the main thing is to understand who he is within
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|How will you go about finding that thing the nature of which is totally unknown to you?" (Plato) The things we want are transformative, and we don’t know or only think we know what is on the other side of that transformation. Love, wisdom, grace, inspiration- how do you go about finding these things that are in some ways about extending the boundaries of the self into unknown territory, about becoming someone else?
Hubert Martin|It was her eyes. Soft, meadow-shade eyes with frostbitten edges. Every glance casually held gossamer infinity. Every stare revealed inky black abyss with a hint of divinity.
Colin Gilbert|During our first date,I wanted to hold your hand so badI almost cut mine offand threw it at youto see if you would catch it
Van Harden|This could be our greatest nightmare. But maybe, intead this would be our only hope of salvation.
William Kircher|To finance longer life spans, we must convince individuals to start investing now for the long term. But longevity should be an asset that can be levered, not a curse. They must understand that there's a cost to sitting in cash. No one talks about that cost.
Carl Sagan|A new consciousness is developing which sees the earth as a single organism and recognizes that an organism at war with itself is doomed. We are one planet. One of the great revelations of the age of space exploration is the image of the earth finite and lonely, somehow vulnerable, bearing the entire human species through the oceans of space and time.
Kyleigh Gillham|Don’t have the power to make someone happy…?’ Icriticized.‘I have the power, the desire… But No marriage, No girlfriend stuff… When I feel like doing something crazy, I can pay and get a girl in bed… No emotions, no argument, and no expectations, just I want to fuck and fulfil my desire, that’s it…! Darling, there is nothing like ‘LOVE’, everything revolves around the four lettered word – ‘FUCK’, understood…?’ he explained naughtily.
Charles Bukowski, Women|Now is the time to ask yourself, what you believe.
Fennel Hudson, A Waterside Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 2|I've been in the water so much these past few days, I swear I'm growing fins & scales.
Monks of New Skete, In The Spirit of Happiness: A Book of Spiritual Wisdom|{God's] presence is not contingent upon our feeling it. It simply is. We must learn to remember this and calm ourselves. By His apparent 'absence', He is leading us to a more mature level of consciousness, self-offering, and love. He is leading us from the love of God for the sake of His gifts to love of God for His own sake.
RuPaul|When you become the image of your own imagination, it's the most powerful thing you could ever do.
Stephanie Osborn, The More Things Change|hand. I was charged with organizing the messages: descriptions of the creatures, descriptions of their space vessels, descriptions of their conveyances, of their weapons, of their movements. Positions of our soldiers, of our allies’ soldiers. Troop movements. New arrivals of space vessels. Reports of casualties. Dear God, the casualties. And their descriptions. Charred piles of ash; bloodless carcases; crumpled, broken bodies; crushed jelly; roasted, dead meat. All…in these hands.
Dayo Ntwari, Roses For Betty And Other Stories: The Writivism Anthology 2015|The health of an enlightened and progressive society is measured by how vibrant is its science fiction, since that is where true self-critique and appraisal and hope lie.
Daniel Prokop, Leaving Neverland: Why Little Boys Shouldn't Run Big Corporations|...every time you make a rule you take away a choice and choice, with all of its illuminating repercussions, is the fuel for learning.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin|Above all, trust in the slow work of God.We are quite naturally impatient in everything to reach the end without delay.We should like to skip the intermediate stages.We are impatient of being on the way to something unknown, something new.And yet it is the law of all progress that it is made by passing through some stages of instability— and that it may take a very long time.And so I think it is with you; your ideas mature gradually—let them grow, let them shape themselves, without undue haste.Don’t try to force them on, as though you could be today what time (that is to say, grace and circumstances acting on your own good will) will make of you tomorrow.Only God could say what this new spirit gradually forming within you will be.Give Our Lord the benefit of believing that his hand is leading you,and accept the anxiety of feeling yourself in suspense and incomplete.
Mary Baker Eddy, Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures|Lulled by stupefying illusions, the world is asleep in the cradle of infancy, dreaming away the hours.
Joe Jamail|Too much self-centered attitude, you see, brings, you see, isolation. Result: loneliness, fear, anger. The extreme self-centered attitude is the source of suffering.
David Gemmell, Dark Moon|Heroes are people who face down their fears. It is that simple. A child afraid of the dark who one day blows out the candle; a women terrified of the pain of childbirth who says, 'It is time to become a mother'. Heroism does not always live on the battlefield.
Colum McCann|One look at each other and it was immediately understood that they both needed a clean slate,,, The obliteration of memory.
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|She wasnt exactly sure when it happened. Or even when it started. All she knew for sure was that right here and now, she was falling hard and she could only pray that he was feeling the same way.
Howard Spring, All the Day Long|And the sea trickling out of my eye as if I'd always carried it inside me, like a seashell waiting to be cupped to an ear.
James Dashner, The Maze Runner|Shouldn't someone give a pep talk," Minho asked, pulling Thomas's attention away from Alby."Go ahead," Newt replied.Minho nodded and faced the crowd. "Be careful," he said dryly, "Don't die."Thomas would have laughed if he could, but he was too scared for it to come out."Great. We're all bloody inspired," Newt answered then pointed over his shoulder toward the Maze, "You all know the plan. After two years of being treated like mice, tonight we're making a stand. Tonight we're taking the fight back to the Creators, no matter what we have to go through to get there. Tonight the Grievers better be scared.
Ava Zavora, Belle Noir: Tales of Love and Magic|It was her favorite story, that she remembers, but she would be hard-pressed to retell it now, faithfully, as it had been told to her. All she could recall were frayed, sleep-watered images of a forgotten castle in the middle of a wild forest, stone statues, crimson roses, and a dark, animal presence never seen, but which stained her memory of the tale, even past its edges to the daylight after.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Music promotes spiritual, physical and emotional well-being.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|There is nothing morally wrong with buying stolen goods, unless you know that they were stolen.
Svetlana Alexievich, Voices from Chernobyl: The Oral History of a Nuclear Disaster|A small spoon of victory is just the thing to settle the stomach before battle, " Ser Imry had declared happily.
Anthony Hincks|If the existentialists are right, that life is meaningless, and if we acknowledge that, we are better equipped to find pleasure in small things.
J.D.  Jordan, Calamity: Being an Account of Calamity Jane and Her Gunslinging Green Man|—I can make Skell laugh if I really have to, but I have to take off one of his boots first.—That went by just a little fast, Torl.—It’s terribly hard to tickle the bottom of a man’s foot when he’s wearing boots, commander.
Anthony Eden|Individual freedom is a Jewish idea, but it's one of the functions of Christianity to make this idea universal.
Victoria Claflin Woodhull|If Congress refuse to listen to and grant what women ask, there is but one course left then to pursue. What is there left for women to do but to become the mothers of the future government?
Napoléon Bonaparte|In politics, stupidity is not a handicap.
George Orwell, 1984|Reality only exerts its pressure through the needs of everyday life - the need to eat and drink, to get shelter and clothing, to avoid swallowing poison or stepping out of top-storey windows, and the like.
Georges Simenon|Nothing is given to man on earth - struggle is built into the nature of life, and conflict is possible - the hero is the man who lets no obstacle prevent him from pursuing the values he has chosen.
Malcolm Turnbull|I'm looking forward to the day when America will mature to the point that we are a color-blind society. I'm not so sure that in politics that will ever be reality, because politics has a way of separating us based on skin color.
Mahmoud Darwish, Unfortunately, It Was Paradise: Selected Poems|Be my lover between two wars waged in the mirror, she said.I don't want to return now to the fortress of my father's house.Take me to your vineyard.Let me meet your mother.Perfume me with basil water.Arrange me on silver dishes, comb me, imprison me in your name,let love kill me.
Maya Angelou|Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently.
Lacey Alexander, Voyeur|Just like real sex, the touching was good, but there came a point in time when a woman needed to be filled - deeply.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Any given day is a second chance, after yesterday. Make the best of it today.
Brian Staveley, The Last Mortal Bond|If you intend to heal the breach,” she went on, “as you claim. If you intend to abide by the treaty we have both signed, then I am the Emperor, Annur’s Emperor, and your Emperor, and you will address me properly.”“I’ve always found that those most insistent on their titles,” Moss replied, “are those least deserving of them.
Carol Emshwiller, Ledoyt|All the stuff our fathers took for granted as long as you worked hard, the great safety net and the fair wage and the gold watch at the end of it all? That's all gone around here, my friend.
Christopher Paul Curtis, Bud, Not Buddy|If you didn't have a real good imagination you'd probably think those noises were the sounds of some kid blowing a horn for the first time, but I knew better than that. I could tell those were the squeaks and squawks of one door closing and another one opening.
Jennifer Megan Varnadore, An Angel's Misery|Life is pain and everyone dies, but true love lives forever.
Gilbert K. Chesterton|I'm fiercely patriotic, and the flag and the anthem is something that I really, really respect.
Dani Harper, Storm Warrior|Perhaps the so-called civilized world was a great noisy burden beneath all its wonders, and it was a relief to let go of it for a while.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Belief has nothing to do with facts,especially for the unbelievable facts.
Levon Peter Poe|Anytime you "know" something to be true, even when outward circumstances or facts seem to be telling you otherwise, you have experienced your intuition. Remember that feeling. It will be your touchstone in the future.
Dale B. Martin, Sex and the Single Savior: Gender and Sexuality in Biblical Interpretation|Instead of becoming a woman of the world, become a woman of the Word.
Jonathan Tropper, This is Where I Leave You|If at first you don't succeed, lower you expectations
Arizona Muse|If I can bring happiness to people all around the world, then I will try my best to do so.
Nicholas Kristof|Smart financial planning - such as budgeting, saving for emergencies, and preparing for retirement - can help households enjoy better lives while weathering financial shocks. Financial education can play a key role in getting to these outcomes.
Steven Magee|Ours was the first nation to be founded on the idea that all are created equal and all deserve equal treatment under the law. Despite our missteps and shortcomings, these ideals still inspire hope among the oppressed and give us pride in being Americans.
|Don't just dream because everyone around you is dreaming; instead, dream big because you deserve a better life, and can achieve it.
Erin Hunter, A Dangerous Path|Fireheart tensed, waiting for whatever had hunted down these apprentices to emerge from the trees and attack, but nothing stirred. Feeling as if his legs hardly belonged to him, he sprang down and stumbled across to Swiftpaw.The apprentice lay on his side, his legs splayed out. His black-and-white fur was torn, and his body was covered with dreadful wounds, ripped by teeth far bigger than any cat's. His jaws still snarled and his eyes glared. He was dead, and Fireheart could see that he had died fighting.
Carly Fiorina|Unlike President Obama, I would say that I support the long-standing bipartisan post-war belief that American global strength and leadership secures our national-security interests, and it also promotes order and stability in the world. And it gives us immense influence in the world and deters our adversaries and reassures our allies.
Auliq Ice|.....we preferred each other’s company to company of anyone else. We excited one another’s in every imaginable way. We never bored each other. Our body mirrored our souls’ closeness. I never failed of erection, she never lacked lubrication, and our couplings carried us both to ecstasy. I’d call these things the parameters of love.
Anthony Powell, The Valley of Bones|All that hatred down there," he said, "all that hatred and misery and love. It's a wonder it doesn't blow the avenue apart.
G.K. Chesterton, The New Jerusalem|The leaf of the camomile, parboiled in water, conduces to calm. And yet I do not worship it.
Boris Pasternak|I am weary of this notion of faithfulness to a point of view at all cost. Life around us is ever changing, and I believe that one should try to change one’s slant accordingly—at least once every ten years. The great heroic devotion to one point of view is very alien to me—it’s a lack of humility. Mayakovsky killed himself because his pride would not be reconciled with something new happening within himself—or around him.
Ryan Hurd, Dream Like a Boss: Sleep Better, Dream More, and Wake Up to What Matters Most|There now remain only a few books, which they call books of the lesser prophets; and as I have already shown that the greater are impostors, it would be cowardice to disturb the repose of the little ones. Let them sleep, then, in the arms of their nurses, the priests, and both be forgotten together.
Andrew Rayner, Reach for Paradise|It is my favorite thing, I think, that I have ever seen. Sometimes I catch myself staring at it and forget my duties. It seems big enough to contain everything anyone could ever feel.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Meditation can be a refuge, but it is not a practice in which real life is ever excluded. The strength of mindfulness is that it enables us to hold difficult thoughts and feelings in a different way—with awareness, balance, and love
Hunter S. Thompson|I've helped some of my classmates on how to strategize to get to the next level of their businesses. And it's interesting, because here I am sitting there from the entertainment industry and the fashion industry, and I'm giving a billionaire that has a business that's been in his family for 300 years - I'm giving him advice about strategy!
Hamdi Ulukaya|Growing up in a cold place, in Southern Ontario, Woolrich was a brand of choice for us because it was always warm and comfortable. The parka with the fur on it was standard fare for us. It's extraordinary that they have kept up with the times. Beyond the parka, they have changed, and they have some pretty hip, cool items which I wear.
Sue Bender, Plain and Simple: A Journey to the Amish|I don't know about forever, but I love you just the same.
Shannon L. Alder|An open Facebook page is simply a psychiatric dry erase board that screams, “Look at me. I am insecure. I need your reaction to what I am doing, but you’re not cool enough to be my friend. Therefore, I will just pray you see this because the approval of God is not all I need.
Brian Greene|If mass media, social isolation in the suburbs, alienating workplaces and long car commutes create a bunker mentality, the Internet does the opposite.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|Some women’s love of being loved is insatiable ; and so, often, is their love of loving; and in the last case they may find that they can’t give it continuously to the chamber-officer appointed by the bishop’s licence to receive it.
Faiqa Mansab, THIS House of Clay and Water|I was an utterance in absentia. I was a forgotten word, uttered and mislaid long ago. I was the word that existed because there was another word that was my opposite, and without it I was nothing. I gained meaning only by acknowledging that possible other.Nida
Alan Moore, Watchmen|People's lives take them strange places. They do strange things, and... well, sometimes they can't talk about them.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love makes you strong when others are weak, brave when others are scared, hopeful when others are despairing and cheerful when others are sad.
S.J. Watson, Before I Go to Sleep|Thoughts race, as if, in a mind devoid of memory, each idea has too much space to grow and move, to collide with others in a shower of sparks before spinning off into its own distance.
Arturo Pérez-Reverte|When he stepped into the shower, the hit water scalded him. He let it run over his face, burning his eyelids. He put up with the pain, his jaw clenched and his muscles taut, suppressing the urge to howl with loneliness in the suffocating steam. For four years, one month, and twelve days, Nikon always got into the shower with him after they made love and soaped his back slowly, interminably. And often she put her arms around him, like a little girl in the rain. One day I'll leave without ever really knowing you. You'll remember my big, dark eyes. The reproachful silences. The moans of anxiety as I slept. The nightmares you couldn't save me from. You'll remember all this when I'm gone.
Matshona Dhliwayo|As only dead leaves allow the wind to blow them to and fro, never allow yourself to be swayed by popular opinion.
Sean J Halford, Stronger Than Lions|Then, when it didn't crash, when you succeeded in keeping it aloft with your own worthlessness, all you had to do was stagger off, locate your luggage, and, by the time a cab arrived, come up with a persuasive reason to go on living.
Charles Bukowski, You Get So Alone at Times That it Just Makes Sense|It got so bad that Al thoughtmaybe it washimso he went to a shrinkand askedand the shrink said,"you're one of the sanest menI've ever met."poor Al.that made him feelworse than ever.
Deyth Banger|Magic = Chess, Chess is with strategy, doing moves which people think that they are random, but they aren't random. They are part of the strategy. The same is in the magic. However, the magic, have the ability to distraction!
Ali Smith, Autumn|This isn’t fiction, the man says. This is the Post Office.
Stefne Miller, Collision|his mind's like Alcatraz. once something's in, it never gets out
Edward Cowling|Mrs Hargreaves liked her job and she liked the Hoopers. As far as she was concerned there was far too much twaddle being talked about Glade Hall, by people with too much time on their hands.“Over fertile imaginations.” She’d told the new head gardener.Some of the locals had worked for the hotel and told stories of seeing shadows around the grounds, when the light was just right. As if shadows could hurt anyone ! It was all twaddle and nonsense.
Cristiano Ronaldo|Every age yearns for a more beautiful world. The deeper the desperation and the depression about the confusing present, the more intense that yearning.
Ernst Fischer|In a decaying society, art, if it is truthful, must also reflect decay. And unless it wants to break faith with its social function, art must show the world as changeable. And help to change it.
Timothy J. Keller, Generous Justice: How God's Grace Makes Us Just|Justice might well prevail in the end, but ordinary people like me had no guarantee of surviving that long. We might get killed on the whim of some serial killer first.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Guilty Pleasures|You can't save everybody. In fact, there are days when I think you can't save anyone. Each person has to save himself first, then you can move in and help. I have found this philosophy does not work during a gun battle, or a knife fight either. Outside of that it works just fine.
David  Walton, Supersymmetry|You’re here. You’re real. Embrace that person you were, and make sure you have reason to like the person you’re becoming. The past you can’t change. The future is what matters.
Ratish Edwards|WaitingI am waiting for the special day,when you will say "i will stay",I am waiting for the night,when you will be there and everything's right,I am waiting for that magical rain,that will wash away the distance, sepration and pain,I am waiting for a change,when everything will get arranged,I am waiting for a meeting,when i can see you, and my heart can start beating,I am waiting for a fight,after which i can hold you in my arms tight,I am waiting for a blue moon,when we can meet and i hope it will come soon,I am waiting for the special day,when you will say "i will stay",
Dr. Wanda Bonet-Gascot|Don't sabotage your energy, focus on expanding your energy bubble.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Lectures to My Students|They outnumbered me, and I was worsted and under their feet; but, as yet, I was not dead.
Criss Jami|Surely, our greatest parental hope is that our children attain a state of righteousness. It is the only sure road to happiness. But to attain such a state requires that they be decent as well as compliant. I know many, many young people who are not "righteous" in the usual sense. But they are wonderfully decent people with many praiseworthy qualities. They are not "devout" in the sense that they attend church faithfully, dress or groom themselves traditionally, or publicly declare their devotions, but they are kind, honest, hard working, concerned for others, and unselfish.
Jay Woodman|The character of the architectural forms and spaces which all people habitually encounter are powerful agencies in determining the nature of their thoughts, their emotions and their actions, however unconscious of this they may be.
Ian Lamont|The most effective learning takes place in the classroom, where you can easily raise your hand, engage in spontaneous discussions with classmates and faculty, turn to the person next to you to ask for clarification, or approach the professor after class or during office hours to ask questions or exchange viewpoints in a way that practically guarantees an instant response and is not constrained by typing, software interfaces, or waiting for a response.
Henry James, The Jolly Corner|You deicde, and you make our night what you want. Brilliant and ours. Stupid and theirs.
Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters|Someone has to do it. It's all very well calling for eye of newt, but do you mean Common, Spotted or Great Crested? Which eye, anyway? Will tapioca do just as well? If we substitute egg white will the spell a) work b) fail or c) melt the bottom out of the cauldron? Goodie Whemper's curiosity about such things was huge and insatiable*.* Nearly insatiable. It was probably satiated in her last flight to test whether a broomstick could survive having its bristles pulled out one by one in mid-air. According to the small black raven she had trained as a flight recorder, the answer was almost certainly no.
Brigitte Bardot|I didn't know what to expect, having not been an artist before. From the outside, you only see romantic snapshots of what seems like a great lifestyle, and it is, but it's also grueling.
Debasish Mridha|The more beautiful the sky, the more hopeless the neighborhood.
John Banville, Ancient Light|when you were born, you cried and the world rejoiced. live your life in such a way that when you die, the world cries and you rejoice.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|When God requires us to surrender one dream, it’s because He wants to hand us a bigger and better one.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|My mother was the most beautiful woman I ever saw. All I am I owe to my mother. I attribute my success in life to the moral, intellectual and physical education I received from her.
Mandy Hubbard, Ripple|Let's go," I said."Go where?""On Lori's date with Parker."Now he looked at me over the nerdy spectacles he wore for reading."I wasn't aware it was a double date. And you're not my type.
Myles Horton, We Make the Road by Walking: Conversations on Education and Social Change|This is a problem, how can we have a body of knowledge and understanding and resist the temptation to misread the interest of the people because we're looking for an opportunity to unload this great load of gold that we have stored up?
Carrie Ryan, The Dark and Hollow Places|Broken things can be made whole again. Perhaps not as they were before, but maybe stronger this time.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|My path is not a better path, it is simply a different path.
Nancy B. Brewer|{Summertime she speaks of winter, she eats ham, but speaks of beef, got a good man but, flirts with another. She might as well go to hell, cause she ain't gonna be happy in heaven either!}
William J. Clinton|When times are tough and people are frustrated and angry and hurting and uncertain, the politics of constant conflict may be good, but what is good politics does not necessarily work in the real world. What works in the real world is cooperation.
Celeste Prater, Drusus|He felt the quicksand of failure sucking at his feet, threatening to bury him, to drown him.Jeana E. Mann. Intoxicated (Kindle Location 2125).
Paul Bowles, The Spider's House|Decadence, decadence, he said to himself. They’ve lost everything and gained nothing. The French had merely daubed on the finishing touches at the end of a process which had begun five hundred years ago, at least. Their intuitive moral desires coincided with the ideals embodied in the formulas of their religion, yet they could live in accordance neither with those deepest impulses nor with the precepts of the religion, because society came in between with all the pressure of its tradition. No one could afford to be honest or generous or merciful because every one of them distrusted all the others; often they had more confidence in a Christian they were meeting for the first time than in a Moslem they had known for years.
M.H. Rakib, The Cavalier|Sacrifice demands the surrender of things we cherish above all else. Only out of the agony of those loses can a new resolution be born. An undying devotion to a cause greater than one’s self, and a moral duty to see a journey through to its absolute completion.
John N. Gray, Straw Dogs: Thoughts on Humans and Other Animals|Have pity on them all, for it is we who are the real monsters.
Louis C. K.|I think they need to get a more reliable way of watching television on the laptop. Because I travel so much, if I want to watch my favorite sports team it might not be showing in that place, so I want a reliable way to watch whatever I want to watch on my laptop.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|Assume that you are part-hypocrite and part heedless, and you will not be far wrong.
Lemony Snicket, The Carnivorous Carnival|If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.
John le Carré, The Honourable Schoolboy|The strong manly ones in life are those who understand the meaning of the word patience. Patience means restraining one's inclinations. There are seven emotions: joy, anger, anxiety, adoration, grief, fear, and hate, and if a man does not give way to these he can be called patient. I am not as strong as I might be, but I have long known and practiced patience. And if my descendants wish to be as I am, they must study patience.
Evinda Lepins|Taking "Christ" out of "Christmas" just reads "Mas" which is Spanish for "More." Seems Americans just want "mas," "mas," "mas." But when is more ever enough without Christ in it? More Christ?
Rick Riordan, The Serpent's Shadow|Yes, an actual full-sized camel. If you find that confusing, just think how the criosphinx must have felt.Where did the camel come from, you ask? I may have mentioned Walt’s collection of amulets. Two of them summoned disgusting camels. I’dmet them before, so I was less than excited when a ton of dromedary flesh flew across my line of sight, plowed into the sphinx, and collapsed on topof it. The sphinx growled in outrage as it tried to free itself. The camel grunted and farted.“Hindenburg,” I said. Only one camel could possibly fart that badly. “Walt, why in the world—?”“Sorry!” he yelled. “Wrong amulet!”The technique worked, at any rate. The camel wasn’t much of a fighter, but it was quite heavy and clumsy. The criosphinx snarled and clawedat the floor, trying unsuccessfully to push the camel off; but Hindenburg just splayed his legs, made alarmed honking sounds, and let loose gas.I moved to Walt’s side and tried to get my bearings.
Roman Payne|Anybody have any money?”Frank checked his pockets. “Three denarii from Camp Jupiter. Five dollars Canadian.”Hedge patted his gym shorts and pulled out what he found. “Three quarters, two dimes, a rubber band and—score! A piece of celery.”He started munching on the celery, eyeing the change and the rubber band like they might be next.
John Fleming|The nation's chronic weakness is its political system, which is nearing dysfunction. If the U.S. can elect better political leadership, it should be able to manage problems better than most competitors.
Diyar Harraz, One Minute to Midnight|Sometimes, things didn't always happen as we wanted them to.
Subhasis Das, I.T. Hurts|sex is just not about love or pleasure; it has its share of passion, hard work and creativity.
Christian Louboutin|When I was a child, I was living in the housing projects of Philadelphia. I didn't even have a Christmas tree.
Richard Lovelace, To Althea, from Prison|Of all the things you wear, your expression is the most important.
Stephen King|No good friends, no bad friends; only people you want,need to be with. People who build their houses in your heart .
Dada Bhagwan|It is natural for a person to make a mistake (commit a fault). What is the way to become free from that? Only the Gnani Purush [the enlightened one] can show it, (which is) ‘Pratikraman’.
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Don't You Dare Read This, Mrs. Dunphrey|The phrase "after-life" was also vaguely confused with going to church and not wanting to be dead - a perplexity which can be omitted from a narrative in which I am doing my best to confine myself to actual happenings. At the age of twenty-two I believed myself to be unextinguishable.
Graham Greene, The End of the Affair|What are we doing to each other? Because I know that I am doing to him exactly what he is doing to me. We are sometimes so happy, and never in our lives have we known more unhappiness.
Emma Brockes, She Left Me the Gun: My Mother's Life Before Me|There was a moment of hesitation in which Joe looked into her eyes, and she looked back without flinching. Many a time, he had been at the same game with her, and she had always crumbled, bowing to his will. Now, he must have realized he was looking into the eyes of a stranger. She was someone he could not recognize, a foreigner inhabiting the body of that old Clairey, the girl he had abused, intimidated, and broken. Clairey decided then and there she would no longer cower before him. It was almost as if she were daring him to strike her in their unspoken exchange.
Dan Gemeinhart, Some Kind of Courage|I was strong from losing them, maybe, but any goodness in me came from having them." (p. 124)
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|The way people want to get respect for their culture and language, it is critical to reciprocate the same to other else you don't have any right to condemn others
Horacio Jones|Flaws.We all have them. BUT, they are all about perception. What I consider as a flaw may not be what someone else considers as a flaw. To me, a flaws is an imperfection or a fault in MY eyes. I consider my flaws to be things that I do not like about myself and things that I would like to change.
Viswanathan Anand|When I was a kid, I had trouble at school because of my learning disabilities. Carving is my body compensating for the lack of other skills.
Clive Ollies|Its not how strong you are, its how firm your footing is.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|My friend "M" says the irony of being a zombie is that everything is funny, but you can't smile, because your lips have rotted off.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Arriving on time for your engagements demonstrates preparation, respect, integrity, and enthusiasm, all of which serve to make a positive impression on the people whom you are meeting, especially when they are depending on you—or paying you!
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|Society doesn't officially recognize friendship as an institution in the way it recognizes sexual relationships, so there's no real protocol for ending one. If you've been going out, dating, or just sleeping with someone for even a month or two an you want to stop seeing him, you're expected to have a conversation with him letting him know it and giving him some bogus explanation. This conversation is seldom pleasant, and it ranges in tone from brittle adult adult discussions in coffee shops to armed standoffs in day care centers, but once it's over, you at least know your status.Because there's no formal etiquette for ending a friendship, most people do it in the laziest, most passive and painless way possible, by unilaterally dropping any effort to sustain it and letting the other person figure it out for themselves.
Chinua Achebe|I want to eat like a normal person eats, but I needto see my bones or I will hate myself even more and Imight cut out my heart or take every pill that was evermade.
Irving Stone, The Agony and the Ecstasy|It's freezing up here. What did you use to keep warm?""Indignation," said Michelangelo. "Best fuel I know. Never burns out.
Andrew Rilstone, Where Dawkins Went Wrong|When an atheist is born, a kitten kills a god.
Kim Hornsby|And now she must continue the day as if the strange dream hadn’t picked up her life and shaken it upside down like a snow globe, dislodging everything that wasn’t glued down."The Dream Jumper's Promise
J. Sterling, Dear Heart, I Hate You|The thing about heartbreak, I realized, is it's not really about waiting for things to stop hurting before you start moving. A broken heart can and will heal in time, but for time to actually do its job, I needed to acknowledge what I had lost, and move on.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|If there were something that Mother Nature or God could do with money, She or He would have sold immortality to the rich a long time ago.
Debasish Mridha|Be helpful. When you see the darkness, be the light. When you feel the hatred, be the source of love. In the end love always win.
Chad White, Email Marketing Rules|Given the reality of limited time and resources, best practices provide a valuable, low risk, default starting point.
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|The moment we confront our fears we are declaring that we are contenders for life, and for love.
Judy Gold|Sure, I am funny and have a good sense of humor. Mostly, though, I just tell the truth. The internal dialogue people have in their heads - I just write it.
Michael Bassey Johnson|A virtuos woman is not moved by big names and flamboyance, but only men of profound wisdom and integrity move her.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Unparalleled Adventure of One Hans Pfaall|Horrors of a nature most stern and most appalling would too frequently obtrude themselves upon my mind, and shake the innermost depths of my soul with the bare supposition of their possibility.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When people try to bury you, remind yourself you are a seed.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|We have a fundamental imperative in our lives to matter to others, to serve others, and to support each other in mattering more.
Christine Zolendz, Saving Grace|The church is a hospital for sinners, not a museum for saints.
Richard Payment, For Want of Wonders|I am remembering something. At first it comes to me as a feeling. It is comforting. It is a place I want to be. It is home. Is it the memory of a dream? It is indistinct, but real. I am holding only a thread. And I do not want to let go.
James A. Owen, The Barbizon Diaries: A Meditation on Will, Purpose, and the Value Of Stories|One might accept death reasoningly, with every aspect of the conscious mind, but the body was a brute beast that knew nothing of reason.
Richelle Mead, The Golden Lily|His eyes widened. “Are you some kind of mutant human? Like a fire user? And I use mutant as a compliment, you know. I wouldn’t think less of you.
Frédéric Bastiat|I am a libertarian with a small 'l' and a Republican with a capital 'R'. And I am a Republican with a capital 'R' on grounds of expediency, not on principle.
Eileen Anglin|The immigrant artist shares with all other artists the desire to interpret and possibly remake his or her own world. So though we may not be creating as dangerously as our forebears—though we are not risking torture, beatings, execution, though exile does not threaten us into perpetual silence— still, while we are at work bodies are littering the streets somewhere. People are buried under rubble somewhere. Mass graves are being dug somewhere. Survivors are living in makeshift tent cities and refugee camps somewhere, shielding their heads from the rain, closing their eyes, covering their ears, to shut out the sounds of military “aid” helicopters. And still, many are reading, and writing, quietly, quietly.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Imagine repeating the power words ‘love’ or ‘happiness’ for five minutes twice a day for the rest of your life, amazing things could happen.
Elizabeth Wein, Code Name Verity|Don't know how I kept going. You just do. You have to, so you do.
Marie Curie|I like to think of it as this new field. Instead of computer science, it's going to be virtual science.
Allan Dare Pearce, Hitler Burns Detroit|Here's a thought to help ease the stress: "Good enough is the new perfect.
Eduardo Carrasco|The DoveFly your flight my dear doveSing your song, make it reach the oceanI want my freedomI want to live in peaceI want to sing your songTo have your wingsTo be able to flyI want my destiny to leave the path that it is taking now.
Flannery O'Connor|The sole art that suits me is that which, rising from unrest, tends toward serenity.
Charles Bukowski|If I want to be alone, some place I can write, I can read, I can pray, I can cry, I can do whatever I want - I go to the bathroom.
Amanda Stephan|I can still see Boo sitting there on the floor, cross-legged, holding my Ken and watching my face as she tried to make me see that between my mother'sPTA and Boo's strange ways there was a middle ground that began here with my Barbie, Sab-rina,and led right to me."She can be anything," Boo told me, and this is what I remember most, her freckled face so solemn, as if she knew she was the first to tell me. "And so can you.
Thucydides, History of the Peloponnesian War|The Constitution is colorblind, and neither knows nor tolerates classes among citizens.
Seth Adam Smith, Rip Van Winkle and the Pumpkin Lantern|For each of us, there comes a time when we must awaken and become what we were born to become.
Matthew Heines|I love Naples, Florida! Although, I’m so far behind everyone else there. After all, I’m still wearing my first face!
Christian Nestell Bovee|A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough.
Assegid Habtewold Habtewold|...it wasn't for the love of a man that she took those chances, but for the love of a horse.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Make a change of your steps when necessary. “Status quo” is the court room where change is kept on trial for long, delaying the verdict. Make a change and achieve your dreams. Rule your case with victory.
Jake Vander-Ark, Lighthouse Nights|it was unmatched life experience that bestowed in her eyes the sultry gleam that separates women from girls. although she viewed her “life experience” like bruises on a peach, men of all ages still found ways to see past the indications of damaged goods long enough to offer her a drink. hell, it was less than an hour ago that one such man called her “gothic perfection” and cried on her shoulder. her boyfriend agreed that a crazy life can “grow a girl up quick”; it was only last november that she turned seventeen.
Lee Wardlaw, Won-Ton: A Cat Tale Told in Haiku|If you can try to nap where someone's sitting,Although there is another empty chair,Then rub against his ankle without quittingUntil he rises from your favorite lair;If you can whine and whimper by a portalUntil the bolted door is opened wide,Then howl as if you've got a wound that's mortalUntil he comes and lets you back inside;If you can give a guest a nasty spiking,But purr when you are petted by a thief;If you can find the food not to your likingBecause they put some cheese in with the beef;If you can leave no proffered hand unbitten,And pay no heed to any rule or ban,then all will say you are a Cat, my kitten.And -- which is more -- you'll make a fool of Man!
Sergio Troncoso, From This Wicked Patch of Dust|Character displays "the weighty impatience of having to explain something that should already be understood.
Ingmar Bergman|I save my dreams and hopes for my kids. When I'm making a wish under a bridge or tunnel, it's always for them.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|(What are your ghosts like?)(They are on the insides of the lids of my eyes.)(This is also where my ghosts reside.)(You have ghosts?)(Of course I have ghosts.)(But you are a child.)(I am not a child.)(But you have not known love.)(These are my ghosts, the spaces amid love.)
Eva Ibbotson, The Dragonfly Pool|I am alone. I am here. No one is watching me. In these hours of silence that I cherish, I talk to myself and reflect. That past, entrenched in time, motionless and infinite, has vanished onto thin air. None of it remains. Why, therefore, am I hurting so much? Why did I bring back with me this nameless pain? I followed the path I set for myself, and I have forgiven. I do not want to be chained to hatred or resentment. I want to have the right to live in peace.
Sukanya Venkatraghavan, Dark Things|If he slept, he dreamt of the woman with the icy white irises. She exploded planes, swallowed oceans and crumpled skiesin her palm in his dreams. Sometimes she and the green-eyed girl were one. At other times, the green-eyed girl was alone, a gaping hole where her heart should have been. At all times he could hear the woman’s cold, low laughter. It swept across his consciousness like a hailstorm.When he woke up, he thought he was going mad.
Jennifer Silverwood, Qeya|It made Craze smile, despite wishing most of his body parts would find new homes and leave him in peace.
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|Think not, O Mortal, vainly gay.That Thou from Human Woes is free,The bitter cup I drink today,Tomorrow may be drunk by thee.
May Sarton|The threat of rain appears to have nothing to do with Joao Elvas's desire to be alone, and one must not forget that, strange as it may seem, some men can spend their entire life alone and enjoy solitude, especially if it is raining and their crust is hard.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|Time plays no role in the life of one man—the subtle consciousness of it floating past me is more than enough. Years, months, days, hours, minutes, seconds—what does it matter? Floating by, it rubs against my skin, face, and hair—wearing me down, yet polishing me all the while. Time is like fine grains of sand in a desert storm. At first, you don’t pay any attention to it, but the more it hits you in the face, the more aware of it you become, the more annoying it gets until, one day, you find yourself suffocating. The weight of it eventually bends your spine, until you are crawling on your hands and knees, unable to stand straight. Then comes the time to crawl back into the womb, crawl inside and wait for rebirth.
Franco Santoro|It’s common in the middle of a drought . . . to forget that rain is the norm. Or in the middle of a flood to forget that floods rarely happen. Or when bad news comes from the doctor to forget that, for most of us, this comes after many years of relatively good health.
John McWhorter, Doing Our Own Thing: The Degradation of Language and Music and Why We Should, Like, Care|The logic of the symbol does not express the experiment; it is the experiment. Language is the phenomenon, and the observation of the phenomenon changes its nature.
Lois A. Cheney, God is No Fool|Hey! look at usWe're digging and diggingInto stubborn, ancient earth;We're discoveringWhere we came from,and how we came."but where are you going?"Hey! look at usWe're learning and learningInto stubborn lawsOf nature and spaceAnd non-nature and non-space;We're discoveringAll there is to know."but where are you going?"Hey! look at usWe're planning and planningInto stubborn yearsOf education and trainingAnd hopes and dreams;We're discoveringHow not to waste any time."but where are you going?"Hey! look at usWe're shiny and brightAnd clever and sophisticatedAnd witty and well-read;We're discoveringHow to really fill upThis old life."but where are you going?"where?"Yes; where?
Jay Griffeths|This is part of the answer to the riddle ofchildhood unhappiness: their minds need, and deserve, a whole world of utterly unfenceable freedom where everything has othering, everything is radiant with the possibilities ofelseness.
Robert Galbraith, The Cuckoo's Calling|She wuz depressed. Yeah, she wuz on stuff for it. Like me. Sometimes it jus' takes you over. It's an illness," she said, although she made the words sound like "it's uh nill
Charles de Gaulle|I respect the view of a rating agency, but I do not make a budget for the rating agency. I make a budget for the people of India.
Ernst Jünger|Really, doesn´t everything make sense? There are, of course, things from which we more or less recover, although some of them are too harsh even for saints. But that is no reason to accuse God. Even if there are reasons to doubt him, the fact that he did not arrange the world like a well-ordered parlor is not one of them. It speaks rather in his favor. This used to be much better understood.
Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times|The willingness to undertake such action cannot be based on certainties, but on those possibilities glimpsed in a reading of history different from the customary painful recounting of human cruelties. In such a reading we can find not only war but resistance to war, not only injustice but rebellion against injustice, not only selfishness but self-sacrifice, not only silence in the fact of tyranny but defiance, not only callousness but compassion.Human beings show a broad spectrum of qualities, but it is the worst of these that are usually emphasized, and the result, too often, is to dishearten us, diminish our spirit. And yet, historically, that spirit refuses to surrender.
Doris Kearns Goodwin, The Bully Pulpit: Theodore Roosevelt, William Howard Taft, and the Golden Age of Journalism|There is an inverse relationship between control and trust. Trust is more of a two-way exchange than most people, especially those in power, realize. Leaders in government, news media, universities, and corporations think they can own trust, when, of course, trust is given to them. Trust is earned with difficulty and lost with ease. When those institutions treat constituents like masses of fools, children, miscreants,or prisoners, when they simply don't listen,it's unlikely they will engender warm feelings of mutual respect. Trust is an act of opening up. It's a mutual relationship of transparency and sharing. The more ways you find to reveal yourself and listen to others, the more you will build trust, which is your brand.
Sara Sampaio|A good poem brims with reflected beauty and even a bracing, beautiful ugliness. At the center of our lives, in the midst of the busyness and the forgetting, is a story that makes sense when everything extraneous has been taken away.
Louise L. Hay|You have the power to heal your life, and you need to know that. We think so often that we are helpless, but we're not. We always have the power of our minds…Claim and consciously use your power.
Flannery O'Connor|The operation of the Church is entirely set up for the sinner; which creates much misunderstanding among the smug.”(August 9, 1955)
Sunday Adelaja|In nations where to most people, the personal responsibility of a citizen towards the nation does not really mean anything, most citizens of such nations end up playing the blame game
Sherri Shepherd|I grew up in a family of Republicans. And when I was 18 and registering to vote, my mom's only instruction was 'You just go in and pull the big Republican lever.' That's my welcome to adulthood. She's like, 'No, don't even read it. Just pull the Republican lever.
Joshua Harris|‎True love isn't expressed in passionately whispered words an intimate kiss or a embrace; before two people are married, love is expressed in self-control, patience, even words left unsaid.
Michael  Callahan, Searching for Grace Kelly|Polish has developed unimpeded; someone put their foot out and tripped English. The human grammar is a fecund weed, like grass. Languages like English, Persian, and Mandarin Chinese are mowed lawns, indicative of an interruption in natural proliferation.
Andrei Tarkovsky|The thing about being an artist," Dad said, folding his newspaper and setting it down on the table, "is that there are always going to be people who want to stop you from doing your art. But this usually says more about them and their issues than it does about you and your art. Trust me.
George Carlin, Last Words|If you want to be a big success then it becomes a dick showing contest, and that's not what it's about. It can't be about 'My book sold more copies than your book.' It can't be about 'More people went to see my movie than went to see your movie.' If it is about that, then Danielle Steel must be an extraordinarily wonderful author because she sells so many copies. You can't do calculations that way.What interests me is holding the vision: doing something that is yours and making sure that it can't be like anyone else's.
Rachael  Allen, The Revenge Playbook|Look, choosing to wait until marriage makes me feel empowered. But if the same choice cripples you, then it wasn't the right one.
Herbert Marcuse, One-Dimensional Man: Studies in the Ideology of Advanced Industrial Society|If the worker and his boss enjoy the same television program and visit the same resort places, if the typist is as attractively made up as the daughter of her employer, if the Negro owns a Cadillac, if they all read the same newspaper, then this assimilation indicates not the disappearance of classes, but the extent to which the needs and satisfactions that serve the preservation of the Establishment are shared by the underlying population.
Petra Hermans|It takes a while to spoil a world, but it can be done.
C. JoyBell C.|My creed is this: To make sure that every single ounce of true kindness given to me, will never be forgotten, and not only remain unforgotten, but that those acts of true kindness will multiply and bear fruit just because they were planted in me. To make people’s acts of true kindness towards me multiply like investments. That’s my creed. So that a person who has bestowed a goodness upon me, will never be able to regret that act and will in fact say to herself or himself “I am so glad that I did that for her, it’s one of the best things I’ve ever done. A good investment.” And I know for sure that the people who have shown me any amount of true kindness, can say for certain, that it's one of the best things they’ve done in life, because I make sure that they can say that about me. Ask anyone who’s been kind to me, and they will tell you. Because this is my creed in life. There is no greater evil, in my opinion, than the evil that infests a person who takes for granted any amount of true kindness given to her/him. To forget a kindness done unto you, is to be just like a donkey. Donkeys might even be better. And so this is the creed that I live by.
Ann Patchett, Commonwealth|Oh, my love,' she said. 'What do the only children do?''We'll never have to know.
Bernard Cornwell, The Flame Bearer|The only reason that the devil can read scripture, is that it was written with him in mind.
rassool jibraeel snyman|The rest of the time, I don't do so much thinkin'. 'Cuz if I did, I'd go runnin' back to where things is simple.
Donald J. Trump|As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big.
Dan Harris, 10% Happier: How I Tamed the Voice in My Head, Reduced Stress Without Losing My Edge, and Found Self-Help That Actually Works|When you lurch from one thing to the next, constantly scheming, or reacting to incoming fire, the mind gets exhausted. You get sloppy and make bad decisions.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.|I'm loyal, and I like my friends. Friendship enriches your life and makes it more interesting.
Robert Johnson|The greatest problem all around the world today, whether in America, Japan, China Russia, India or anywhere else in the world, is that people are not in peace. People want peace.
Timi Nadela, Get To The Top|For a batsman or a bowler, the job never ends at just batting & bowling, it continues with switching the positions in time of need, the stand out players never limit themselves to their primary role but change their style of play as per the happenings in the game. Anyone can hold a bat or ball in their hand, only thing matters is how well you use these things to make your team win. Similarly, as a Salesperson - your job is not only to think as a salesperson, but also as a client, and sometimes also to make an unfavorable situation favorable by planting an idea in a client's mind & creating a need.
MoKSh, The Unpredictable Heart: You May Be a Victim|…My eyes were wet, tears waiting to drop from my eyes and heart started to sob. The words from Jiya pushed me on my back foot…”Source: 'The Unpredictable Heart - You may be a Victim
Peter Orner, Love and Shame and Love|In New York there is always something to look at, but it is all infinitely more interesting through a window in the backseat of a limousine.
saadshah|Happiness is like a ripple. If you're the origin, you will get happiness back with same frequency.
Mike Klepper|You're a free man, act like it.
Gugu Mona|Wisdom is not merchandise, hence it is possible to come across a rich fool.
Kresley Cole, Pleasure of a Dark Prince|Please put your penises away, gentlemen. Dinner is procured. By a woman.
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|Twist a tongue, and tongue a twist how many twists can a tongue twister twist around the twisting tongue.
Rose Wynters, My Wolf Fighter|You really want my honest opinion?” I ask.	Anton gestures for me to go on. “Please, this is why I hired you, devochka.”	I detect a little hint of sarcasm, but I go ahead and say, “I hate restaurants like this.”	“Why?” He seems genuinely curious to know why.	“Because—because they’re expensive.”	“What is the problem? I’m paying for everything.”	I shake my head. “It’s not that—you see,” I lower my voice, “ this is where famous people eat.”	“Famous?” Anton pretends to look around. “Where?”	“I think that’s the guy from that prank show. And there’s that guy from those vampire movies. And Maya Findlay.”	“Yeah? I don’t know who they are.”	“Really?” I ask dubiously.	“I’m not into the famous people thing too.”	“Really.”	“Yes.”	“Which is why you only date models who want to become actresses.” I notice him giving me a look. “Sorry,” I say sheepishly.
Sunday Adelaja|You cannot do everything by yourself, you need to learn how to delegate responsibility and trust people that everything will be done on time and with highest quality
Friedrich Nietzsche|The question I'm always asking myself is: are we masters or victims? Do we make history, or does history make us? Do we shape the world, or are we just shaped by it? The question of do we have agency in our lives or whether we are just passive victims of events is, I think, a great question, and one that I have always tried to ask.
Matthew Donnelly|Be the compassionate observer. No labels, just unconditional compassion. Fun times pass, tough times pass. Compassion will be eternal.
Larry McCaffrey|This is the postmodern desert inhabited by people who are, in effect, consuming themselves in the form of images and abstractions through which their desires, sense of identity, and memories are replicated and then sold back to them as products
Jen Hatmaker, For the Love: Fighting for Grace in a World of Impossible Standards|Unattended hurt, anger, and bitterness can destroy even the best marriage. Lean honestly into every hard place, each tender spot, because truthfulness hurts for a minute but silence is the kill shot.
Santosh Kalwar, A Very First Book Of Poems: Heartbreak|Scientific People, unscientific mind; why are we dividing the world which could shine? Between religion and science, all what matters is human lives.
Stephen Lovegrove, How to Find Yourself, Love Yourself, & Be Yourself: The Secret Instruction Manual for Being Human|Use the information you’ve been given as an individual, but NEVER let what you’ve heard or read or experienced in the past prevent you from answering the call on your life. You are responsible for your life. That includes the voice inside you and everything it calls you to do. Don’t ignore that voice to follow rules that don’t fit. When a jacket doesn’t fit anymore, it’s time to donate it. Same principle applies for rules which no longer serve you. You don’t have to curse the rules or condemn them. In fact, there might be someone else who would benefit from them at the exact moment you no longer need them. Just step into all that you can be and all that you can do.
N.M.|But remember, great Good will, more often than not, lead to great Evil.
Ash Krafton, Wolf's Bane|Loss reshapes us and teaches us to fill ourselves with something new. If we resist, we feel as you do. Hollow. Empty.
Glenn Beck|We sat on the dusty floor like that for what felt like hours, our legs intertwined in the kneeling position. Like the demon and the angel reaching for one another on Jet’s arm, I felt half of everything. Half pure, half used. Locked in a dark, beautiful embrace. One I wouldn’t wish on anyone yet one I wouldn’t ever reverse if given the chance.Not when it had the power to save a life. - Skylla Warden
Sherry D. Ficklin, Queen of Someday|No matter how many romantic poems you recite, no matter how many glorious tales of love you read, how can you really understand the condition if you've never found yourself in it?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Idolatrous beliefs have eroded the foundations of truth. Whether ancient or modern, all have posed alternatives to the biblical way of approaching God.
Richard J. Mouw, Pluralisms And Horizons: An Essay In Christian Public Philosophy|Know thy own point: this kind, this due degreeOf blindness, weakness, Heav'n bestows on thee.
Forrest Curran|Being scared to fail inspires creativity; heartbreak inspires creativity; being hurt by others inspires creativity; being lost inspires creativity. Your masterpiece isn’t something that you will have made in the colorful, it is understood in the darkness. Use the anxiety within and let it serve you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The season of Christmas brings joy, hope and peace.
Robin Sacredfire|There's a reason why people find each other, and this reason is found in their emotional motives before they meet. They both attracted one another by their needs, desires and dreams. And so, only their fears, ignorance and misused freewill can set them apart before they have a chance to discover that they were blessed and not condemned to one another. This truth is asleep in their heart, waiting to be unlocked with faith, a leap into the unknown, kind words and gestures that unmask their soul.
Sebastian Barry, On Canaan's Side|And what else could we have come here for, except to sense these tiny victories? Not the big victories that crush and kill the victor. Not the wars and civil ructions, but the saving grace of a Hollandaise sauce that has escaped all the possibilities of culinary disaster and is being spread like a yellow prayer on a plump cod steak - victoriously.
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|Maybe the world isn't enough, or maybe the distinction between the world and fiction is not so clear. Fiction is made from the stuff of the world, after all, which includes dreams and wishes and fantasies and memory. And it is never really made alone, but from the material between and among us: language.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Gifted people of discernment, intelligence, and talent flourish in virtually every occupation. Every field produces perceptive and prescient persons whom exhibit the rare capacity to observe what eludes most people.
Christine M. Knight|Frankly, I believe that identity is what's inside us.
RMA Spears|Blame and English SpeakersIn the same article, Boroditsky notes that in English, we’ll often say that someone broke a vase even if it was an accident, but Spanish and Japanese speakers tend to say that the vase broke itself. Boroditsky describes a study by her student Caitlin Fausey in which English speakers were much more likely to remember who accidentally popped balloons, broke eggs, or spilled drinks in a video than Spanish or Japanese speakers. (Guilt alert!) Not only that, Boroditsky argues, but there’s a correlation between a focus on agents in English and our criminal-justice bent toward punishing transgressors rather than restituting victims.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Black Cat|Yet I am not more sure that my soul lives, than I am that perverseness is one of the primitive impulses of the human heart - one of the indivisible primary faculties, or sentiments, which give direction to the character of Man. Who has not, a hundred times, found himself committing a vile or a silly action, for no other reason than because he knows he should not? Have we not a perpetual inclination, in the teeth of our best judgment, to violate that which is Law, merely because we understand it to be such?
Nick Hornby, How to Be Good|We are slaves, deprived of every right, exposed to every insult, condemned to certain death, but we still possess one power, and we must defend it with all our strength for it is the last - the power to refuse our consent. So we must certainly wash our faces without soap in dirty water and dry ourselves on our jackets. We must polish our shoes, not because the regulation states it, but for dignity and propriety. We must walk erect, without dragging our feet, not in homage to Prussian discipline but to remain alive, not to begin to die.
George S. Clason|Income, that is the thing. I wish an income that will keep flowing into my purse whether I sit upon the wall or travel to far lands.
Bill Flores|The only way to get love is to be lovable. It's very irritating if you have a lot of money. You'd like to think you could write a check: 'I'll buy a million dollars' worth of love.' But it doesn't work that way. The more you give love away, the more you get.
Ernst Haeckel, The Riddle of the Universe|The greatest truths are the simplest things in the world, simple as your own existence.
Debasish Mridha|Determine your destination, choose a path, now with all your heart start going there.
James S.A. Corey, Abaddon's Gate|cheered by the optimism that one sometimes had at the beginning of strenuous exercise, a kind of helium that filled our lungs and carried us along
Rachel Hartman, Shadow Scale|And he began, "What chance or destinyhas brought you here before your final day?And who is he who leads your pilgrimage?""Up there in life beneath the quiet starsI lost my way," I answered, "in a valley,before I'd reached the fullness of my age.I turned my shoulders on it yesterday:this soul appeared as I was falling back,and by the road through Hell he leads me home.""Follow your star and you will never fail to find your glorious port," he said to me
Marcus Samuelsson|I learned something from that. If someone asks me something that I really don't want to do, I say no. I have to trust that. And I'm not afraid to talk money.
Kabir|There is so much more than we can see, there is so much more that we can be.
Shay Savage, Transcendence|My mate is really, really weird.She is also absolutely covered in brown, mushy clay.She laughs and holds a large lump up to show it to me. Her mouth moves, and she makes enough noise to scare away a group of birds near the shore.She is so, so strange.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The great, like plants, do not curse storms for they are nourished by them.
Amanda Palmer, The Art of Asking; or, How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Let People Help|When we ask for anything, we're almost always asking for help, in some form; help with money, permission, acceptance, advancement, help with our hearts...Brene Brown has found through her research that women tend to feel shame around the idea of being 'never enough'... at home, at work, in bed, never pretty enough, never smart enough, never thin enough, never good enough...Men tend to feel shame around the fear of being perceived as weak, or more academically, 'fear of being called a pussy'. Both sexes get trapped in the same box for different reasons. If I ask for help...I am not enough.If I ask for help... I'm weak.It's no wonder so many of us don't bother to ask, it's too painful.
Debasish Mridha|Don't just talk, act.
Jess Rothenberg, The Catastrophic History of You and Me|For the record, I would like to point out that it is NOT being obsessive to memorize a boy's schedule so that you can accidentally bump into him. It is called being efficient.
Stephenie Meyer|I regret..." Tobias tilts his head, and sighs. "I regret my choice.""What Ch
Ben Fountain, Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk|Why?' He kept asking in his sweetly belling voice, its tone as pure as marbles swirled around a crystal pail. Why him wun up the tree? Why him nest up theah? Why him gadder nuts? Why? Why? Why? And Billy answering every question to the best of his ability, as if anything less would disrespect the deep and maybe even divine force that drove his little nephew toward universal knowledge.
Rich Mullins|I'm frankly sick and tired of the political preachers across this country telling me as a citizen that if I want to be a moral person, I must believe in "A," "B," "C" and "D." Just who do they think they are? And from where do they presume to claim the right to dictate their moral beliefs to me? And I am even more angry as a legislator who must endure the threats of every religious group who thinks it has some God-granted right to control my vote on every roll call in the Senate. I am warning them today: I will fight them every step of the way if they try to dictate their moral convictions to all Americans in the name of "conservatism.
Vignesh S.V.|But then Macon smiled at me. "Just be yourself, Foster. That's the best thing in the world.
Thomm Quackenbush, A Creature Was Stirring|Words of “unconditional love” defines as mothers love, respect your parents
Iris Murdoch, Under the Net|To anyone who will take the trouble to become attached to her she will immediately give a devoted, generous, imaginative and completely uncapricious attention, which is still a calculated avoidance of self-surrender. This is no doubt another reason why she never went into films; her private life must be an almost full-time activity. This has the sad result too that her existence is one long act of disloyalty; and when I knew her she was constantly involved in secrecy and lying in order to conceal from each of her friends the fact that she was so closely bound to all the others.
Jonas Salk|I mean to say, we all sprang from humble origins. Goodness gracious, who would have thought that a species of monkey would take over the kingdom of the world. … I cannot help but feel that the monkey was not a good choice. Surely one of the cat family would have been much more satisfactory. They have a much less emotional approach to life. ("The Shadmock")
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|But it must be observed that as the depreciation of money proceeds, the demand for money (i.e. for the kind of money in question) gradually begins to fall. When loss of wealth is suffered in proportion to the length of time money is kept on hand, endeavours are made to reduce cash holdings as much as possible. N ow if every individual, even if his circumstances are otherwise unchanged, no longer wishes to maintain his cash holding at the same level as before the beginning of the inflation, the demand for money in the whole community, which can only be the sum of the individuals' demands, decreases too. There is also the additional fact that as commerce gradually-begins to use foreign money and actual gold in place of notes, individuals begin to hold part of their reserves in foreign money and in gold and no longer in notes.
Richard Hofstadter, Anti-Intellectualism in American Life|Not much to say except to warn you not to get too serious about all this, if you want to become a writer of fiction in the future. If you intend to become a critic, that is a Whale of another color…Playing around with symbols, even as a critic, can be a kind of kiddish parlor game. A little of it goes a long way. There are other things of greater value in any novel or story…humanity, character analysis, truth on other levels…Good symbolism should be as natural as breathing…and as unobtrusive.
Dave Ramsey, EntreLeadership: 20 Years of Practical Business Wisdom from the Trenches|With gospel-centered productivity, peace comes first, not second. the mistake we often make is to make peace of mind the result of things we do rather than the source.
Terry Spencer Hesser, Kissing Doorknobs|I wanted to feel like I could open my mouth and fill it with Pepper's flesh, close my teeth on her skin and tear it away, making blood pump like a fountain over everything - rug, clothes, hair, face - both Violet and I stopped in midair. Pepper's eyes had flooded with tears. It was too easy, she was enjoying this. Her body softened like a sponge waiting to soak up my punches. Her lips smiled the same way Valerie's did. It was as if I had discovered maggots in her flesh. I recoiled from her where she lay on the bed like a piece of rotting meat. 
David James Duncan|The North Pole will be ice-free during summer in years to come, and that itself will put the Arctic Sea basin on a very high risk of... environmental disasters that might be there.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Life’s most amazing moments between people are built on trust, communication, acceptance, and love.
Andrew Murray, With Christ in the School of Prayer|Prayer not only teaches and strengthens one for work, work teaches and strengthens one for prayer.
Paul Gibbons, The Science of Successful Organizational Change: How Leaders Set Strategy, Change Behavior, and Create an Agile Culture|Many of the cataclysmic leadership failures were failures of rationality. The pendulum of leadership development needs to swing back toward the rational: strategy, creativity, foresight, decision-making, and analytics.
A.S. King, Glory O'Brien's History of the Future|In a few years, it is very likely that this series will be considered a milestone in the history of Singapore photography.
Sebastian Loving|Even when he played, he made a business of it.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Destiny and fate are of one’s own making, and riches and happiness are rarely found at the end of an easily-traversed path.
R.A. Salvatore, The Legacy|Farewell is said by the living, in life, every day. It is said with love and friendship, with the affirmation that the memories are lasting if the flesh is not.
Ayn Rand|I live in the Managerial Age, in a world of "Admin." The greatest evil is not now done in those sordid "dens of crime" that Dickens loved to paint. It is not done even in concentration camps and labour camps. In those we see its final result. But it is conceived and ordered (moved, seconded, carried, and minuted) in clean, carpeted, warmed and well-lighted offices, by quiet men with white collars and cut fingernails and smooth-shaven cheeks who do not need to raise their voices. Hence, naturally enough, my symbol for Hell is something like the bureaucracy of a police state or the office of a thoroughly nasty business con
Dorothea Mackellar, The Poems of Dorothea Mackellar|I love a sunburnt country,A land of sweeping plains,Of ragged mountain ranges,Of droughts and flooding rains.I love her far horizons,I love her jewel-sea,Her beauty and her terror –The wide brown land for me!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whenever the opportunity exist, we must give our very best.
Auliq Ice|With mercy and sympathy, no one will hate to love one another.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Daylight would have shown a wilderness weathered and blowzy, a wanton that had lived her summer too fast and too greedily. It would have shown the white birches pale and shivering in a sudden ague, and here and there an ash or a sumac burning red, like a hectic spot, where the first frosts already had set the marks of their galloping consumption on the cheek of the forest, giving warning of the time when the white plague of the winter would make a massacre of all this present glory and turn the trees to naked skeletons and stretch a bony bare cadaver on every steeper hillside to bleach there until the snows covered things up. But now the kindly nighttime had all signs and threats of approaching death, so that each shriveled speckled leaf, as revealed and traced in the waning light, seemed flawless — a perfect part of a perfect tapestry.
Walter Savage Landor|Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger. You see, one can only be angry with those he respects.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Pain has many faces . . .the unseen part of man is often the victim of the most debilitating of pains . . . a man can endure excruciating physical pain, and yet he can be felled by one unkind word.
Naren Singh|She toyed around with his smiles and emotions, till they actually turned plastic. And then, She changed the toy…
Eric Schmidt|If it doesn't sell, it isn't creative.
David Abram, Becoming Animal: An Earthly Cosmology|Each thing organizes the space around it, rebuffing or sidling up against other things; each thing calls, gestures, beckons to other beings or battles them for our attention; things expose themselves to the sun or retreat among the shadows, shouting with their loud colors or whispering with their seeds; rocks snag lichen spores from the air and shelter spiders under their flanks; clouds converse with the fathomless blue and metamorphose into one another; they spill rain upon the land, which gathers in rivulets and carves out canyons…
Kelly Creagh|I’m tired. Dead tired. So tired I can barely stay awake to write this. After helping Mr Bircher search for his head all night, I’m a little annoyed too. Dad doesn’t help. He doesn’t know what it's like for a girl my age, trying to fit in at school as much as possible, and trying to fit in all the dead people. It’s not easy being a soul helper.
Angie Stone|What were once only hopes for the future have now come to pass; it is almost exactly 13 years since the overwhelming majority of people in Ireland and Northern Ireland voted in favour of the agreement signed on Good Friday 1998, paving the way for Northern Ireland to become the exciting and inspirational place that it is today.
Sophie Jordan, Firelight|Above all, mine is a love story. Unlike most love stories, this one involves chance, gravity, a dash of head trauma. It began with a coin toss. The coin came up tails. I was heads. Had it gone my way, there might not be a story at all. Just a chapter, or a sentence in a book whose greater theme had yet to be determined. Maybe this chapter would've had the faintest whisper of love about it. But maybe not. Sometimes, a girl needs to lose.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|It may seem like the dragons tormenting you are bigger and fiercer than those lurking in your neighbor’s yard, but this is an illusion. We all face mighty dragons at home in some form.
Paul Gosar|Some struggle with medical issues - like insomnia - that make sleep hard. But for many of us, the quantity and quality of sleep come down to a matter of choice. Still, only a few enterprising economists have looked closely at this, and generally, those have assumed that we choose our hours of sleep optimally.
Virginia Alison|Loving passionately, loving fiercely, loving and taking both good and bad, and at times, the damn near impossible, provides sweet chaos, fueling the pitter patter of the heart...
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|If only you would kiss me.Press your lips to mine like a searing iron. Wrap me in your arms as if you were a monarch claiming a kingdom. Hold me close until I warm through to the core. Do this, and I promise to melt into you, no longer a cold and frozen figure in your narrowed sight. How devoted I would be if only your lips burned for mine!If only you would kiss me.
Hayley Williams|It’s one thing when you lose a friend or when your friends become enemies, but it’s the worst when friends become strangers,
Aisha Mirza|When you learn to embrace your flaws is how you learn to love yourself, perfectly.
Michelle K. Pickett, Milayna|And?” I crossed my arms over my chest. I almost tapped my foot waiting for him to answer, but caught myself and held my foot still. That would have been weird—way too much like my mother. ~Milayna
Carolyn  Parkhurst, The Nobodies Album|I've always known that the best part of writing occurs before you've picked up a pen. When a story exists only in your mind, its potential is infinite; it's only when you start pinning words to paper that it becomes less than perfect. You have to make your choices, set your limits. Start whittling away at the cosmos, and don't stop until you've narrowed it down to a single, ordinary speck of dirt. And in the end, what you've made is not nearly as glorious as what you've thrown away.
Danny Mekić|Privacy’ is an unusable term. We should instead talk about freedom, autonomy and self-determination of the individual. Being allowed to be yourself, to think whatever you want and to act within the law with no hindrance. That resonates with everyone.
Marguerite Duras|The woman is the home. That's where she used to be, and that's where she still is. You might ask me, What if a man tries to be part of the home -- will the woman let him? I answer yes. Because the he becomes one of the children.
Alice Cooper|'Romeo And Juliet' is the classic love story. When two lovers are separated and trying to get back to one another, that's fiercely romantic and something you become glued to.
Michael Scott, The Enchantress|Even in good families a bad apple can begin an avalanche of troubles,' Dutch said as he sat back in his well-seasoned armchair, lighting his curved rustic pipe. From Book I, In Blood There is No Honor
E.L. Doctorow|Preservations are working to save neon signs for future generations, either on-site or in museums. After all, what would America be without a few giant doughnuts around.
Steven Magee, Solar Radiation, Global Warming and Human Disease|In the future, it may turn out that fossil fuels are the blood of the Earth and by extracting them may lead to serious consequences to the Earth's survival, and by association, that of the humans.
Leslie Carroll, Notorious Royal Marriages: A Juicy Journey Through Nine Centuries of Dynasty, Destiny, and Desire|Victoria was, at the time, far more empathetic and forgiving, chiding Albert for his narrow view of humanity. 'I always think that one ought always to be indulgent towards other people, as I always think, if we had not been well brought up and well taken care of, we might also have gone astray.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|The fact is that if the writer's attention is on producing a work of art, a work that is good in itself, he is going to take great pains to control every excess, everything that does not contribute to this central meaning and design. He cannot indulge in sentimentality, in propagandizing, or in pornography and create a work of art, for all these things are excesses. They call attention to themselves and distract from the work as a whole.
Anna Quindlen|Signing up for 'It Follows,' I didn't have any idea it was going to turn out the way it did, but seeing it, the music and the feel of it definitely was pretty amazing, getting that kind of throwback feel to classic horror movies.
Mark A. Seifrid, Christ, Our Righteousness: Paul's Theology of Justification|Living communion with God in which He is real, alive, fresh, and present to your soul energizes a God-centered life.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|If you're not at least a tiny bit jealous at this point, you might want to check for your own pulse.
Benjamin Spock|I have a right to my anger, and I don't want anybody telling me I shouldn't be, that it's not nice to be, and that something's wrong with me because I get angry.
Jules Verne, Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea|Something always attracts us towards the ruins, because ruins remind us our fundamental problem: The problem of impermanence! Amongst the ruins we see the very end of our road! Whatever shows you the simple truth, it is your Master Teacher; whoever repeatedly recalls you of the plain truth, he is your good master!
Ahdaf Soueif, The Map of Love|I watch and listen, helpless to help. There is no point in saying "This, too, shall pass," For a time we do not even want it to pass. We hold on to grief, fearing that its lifting will be the final betrayal.
Elizabeth Goudge, A City of Bells|It was not the size of things that mattered but their perfection, it was not what one had that was important, but what one made.
Jeno Marz, Falaha's Journey: A Spacegirl's Account in Three Movements|When he bowed his head to hide his grin, she stiffened. “This is most certainly not amusing.”He looked up, the humor still glittering in his eyes, and spoke one word. “James.”“Pardon me?”“James Lamont. It’s my name. You’ll need it if you’re to curse me properly.
Ann Darby|The grown-ups, or maybe I should say the parents, ate in the dining room.
Saul Bellow, Henderson the Rain King|I believe that there is one story in the world, and only one, that has frightened and inspired us, so that we live in a Pearl White serial of continuing thought and wonder. Humans are caught - in their lives, in their thoughts, in their hungers and ambitions, in their avarice and cruelty, and in their kindness and generosity too - in a net of good and evil. I think this is the only story we have and that it occurs on all levels of feeling and intelligence. Virtue and vice were warp and woof of our first consciousness, and they will be the fabric of our last, and this despite any changes we may impose on field and river and mountain, on economy and manners. there is no other story. A man, after he has brushed off the dust and chips of life, will have left only the hard, clean questions: Was it good or was it evil? Have I done well - or ill?
Toni Morrison, Jazz|I don’t want to be a free nigger; I want to be a free man.”“Don’t we all. Look. Be what you want--- white or black. Choose. But if you choose black, you got to act black, meaning draw your manhood up—quicklike, and don’t bring me no whiteboy sass.” Hunter’s Hunter and Godlen Gray
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|For you not to waste or spend your life, you must first begin to see time and life correctly. You must first understand that time is life and life is time.
Seal|It's funny - in elementary school, I went by Amber. I never liked Tiffani.
Christian Nestell Bovee|Beauty at 70 years old isn't the same as beauty at 20 years old, but it is stunning nonetheless.
Erin Gray|Here's the teaching point, if you're teaching kids about intelligence and policy: Intelligence does not absolve policymakers of responsibility to ask tough questions, and it doesn't absolve them of having curiosity about the consequences of their actions.
Sunday Adelaja|With patience, you will finish the race set before you
Charles W. Bamforth, Beer Is Proof God Loves Us: The Craft, Culture, and Ethos of Brewing, Portable Documents|To stay vigorous, a company needs to provide a stimulating and challenging environment for all these types: the dreamer, the entrepreneur, the professional manager, and the leader. If it doesn't, it risks becoming yet another mediocre corporation.
Lauren Miller|Really, the only people you should be comparing yourself to would be people who make you feel better by comparison. For instance, people who are in comas, because those people have no spoons at all and you don't see anyone judging them. Personally, I always compare myself to Galileo because everyone knows he's fantastic, but he has no spoons at all because he's dead. So technically I'm better than Galileo because all I've done is take a shower and already I've accomplished more than him today.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There are always certain things which are certain and there are always certain things which are uncertain for us to think about each day and when such things are over, there shall always be something to think about
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|Take my books away, and I should be desperate!
Debee Sue|Stop glorifying yourself, start glorifying God almighty.
Sheila Renee Parker|Don't be afraid of what others may think. Your creativity belongs to you, your inspiration, your imagination is all yours. Be passionate and write with fire in your words. Allow no boundaries to what you feel and believe. The spark that drives you to write is the fuel for your desire to create great novels. Know that you have the spirit within.
Alyssa Bornhorst|The insinuation that without a female president women cannot pursue and achieve their dreams is not only false but recalls the ever-condenscending liberal attitude towards women: "We know what women want, even if they do not.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.|Some flowers bloom beneath the biggest blue,while others prefer the shade;As is Human Nature.....Some turn their faces to the sunwhile others seek solitude.But no matter where you wish to stand;Stand Straight and Stand tall.
Rachael Ray|My husband cooks fancier food for himself than I've ever cooked on-air. I call him from the road, and he's making champagne-vanilla salmon or black-cherry pork chop. Half of me is feeling unworthy. Not only am I not a chef, I'm not a better cook than my own husband!
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|I don't believe in anything, Mother," I said. "You told Armand long ago that you believe you'll find answers in the great jungles and forests; that the stars will finally reveal a vast truth. But I don't believe in anything. And that makes me stronger than you think
Hans Zimmer|I want to go and write music that announces to you that you can feel something. I don’t want to tell you what to feel, but I just want you to have the possibility of feeling something.
Ash Parsons|Scars prove that you're still here. That you can move on. Maybe missing a chunk of yourself, but here, goddamn it, surviving.
Marlee Matlin|Present, n. That part of eternity dividing the domain of disappointment from the realm of hope.
Tyra Lynn, Tempus|Be very careful what you try with that.  I’m not as strong as I should be.” His breath was ragged, and irregular.  “And you are stronger than you know.
Sylvain Tesson, Dans les forêts de Sibérie|We are the planet, fully as much as water, earth, fire and air are the planet, and if the planet survives, it will only be through heroism. Not occasional heroism, a remarkable instance of it here and there, but constant heroism, systematic heroism, heroism as governing principle.
Meredith T. Taylor, Churning Waters (The Churning Waters Saga)|I stand, and wait among the sea foam. I swim in my own tears-I sing without my voice. I do not reach for higher ground, because I have lapped in the churning waters.
Kathryn Bigelow|When you're five years old, and you're running a business that people did not think there was room for, getting attention is not a bad thing. Letting it be known by whatever colorful language is necessary is not a bad thing.
Tera Lynn Childs, Forgive My Fins|All right," Shannen says slowly, tucking a lock of dark brown hair behind her ear. "Why did you glue that dolphin upside down?" Okay, so I'm a little distracted. "He's doing the back stroke.
Rick Perlstein, Before the Storm: Barry Goldwater and the Unmaking of the American Consensus|Just like today, the Protestants and their teachings had to fight with the prevalent order of the day which taught that: Work is only for making profit. Make money with minimum effort. The culture of the day viewed work as a burden to be avoided. The secular world of the time taught that you should do no more than what was enough for good living.
Robyn Lively|This is actually something no one knows, but my mom was really the one who created the entire style for 'Teen Witch.' I'm dead serious. She was super involved, and is super creative, so I wore a lot of my actual clothes in the movie. Truly, Louise was my mom's vision. She really created an iconic character.
Charles Bukowski, Ham on Rye|I am the wisest man alive, for I know one thing, and that is that I know nothing.
Renee Carlino, Swear on This Life|We can't always control our circumstances, who are parents are, where we live, or how much money we make, but in those rare moments when we can shape our fate, when we do have the power to make our own happiness, we can't be too scared to do it.
Catherynne M. Valente, Radiance|When I watch a movie or read a book, be it a melodrama or horror, I always hate the female character... Well, most of the time I do.Why? Because she is always dumb.I shit you not.For example in this one chick-flick movie, "Serendipity", Sara tells that Jonathan guy that she won't give him her number because if they are meant to meet again, they will. Seriously? Romantic movie my ass, there's not anything romantic in letting go of someone when you can grab them with both of your hands. That is not romantic, THAT is stupid.In another movie the girl storms out, never hearing the guy out, just like in that one book I've been reading recently, "Tangled". Now this is an issue with most of the books and chick-flicks. Like why? Why won't you stop a minute, take a deep breath, count to ten and listen to the guy. Only after that, for God's sake, say ‘fuck you’ then ‘Namaste’ and then walk away while swaying your hips like there is no tomorrow? Let them know what they will be missing for the rest of their lives.In some other movies I hate the main female character because of the scriptwriters. The girl somehow always appears in front of the guy out of nowhere. Like he can be walking down the street and then boom! ABRACADABRA! The main girl bumps into him in NYC out of all places. They make it seem like whatever they do their steps always bring them back to each other. Dumb, I know.
Kristen Day, Awaken|Every day I wake up is a day I’ve fought for. Every mistake, every laugh, every tear, and every sunrise; I’ve earned through the years of abuse and pain. I carry those memories with me as a reminder of who I am and what’s truly worth fighting for. And if you aren’t able to see that, I’m afraid your soul searching talents are highly suspect.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Perseus Jackson, I do expect you torefrain from causing any more trouble. ""Trouble?" I demanded.Dionysus snapped his fingers. A newspaper appeared on the table-the front page of today'sNew York Post, There was my yearbook picture from Meriwether Prep. It was hard for me tomake out the headline, but I had a pretty good guess what it said. Something like: ...Perseus Jackson, I do expect you torefrain from causing any more trouble. ""Trouble?" I demanded.Dionysus snapped his fingers. A newspaper appeared on the table-the front page of today'sNew York Post, There was my yearbook picture from Meriwether Prep. It was hard for me tomake out the headline, but I had a pretty good guess what it said. Something like: Thirteen-Year-Old Lunatic Torches Gymnasium.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|I sing about life. I am happy, but life is sad.
Eliyahu M. Goldratt|such a short time. I am about to tell our barker,
Sai Baba|What matters is to live in the present, live now, for every moment is now. It is your thoughts and acts of the moment that create your future. The outline of your future path already exists, for you created its pattern by your past.
Chris Evans|All of the legal defense funds out there, they're looking for people out there with court of appeals experience, because court of appeals is where policy is made. And I know, I know this is on tape and I should never say that because we don't make law, I know. I know.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|Sometimes we need boldness, creativity and wisdom to enforce the change we want in us and others.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|Il n'est si homme de bien, qu'il mette à l'examen des loix toutes ses actions et pensées, qui ne soit pendable dix fois en sa vie.(There is no man so good that if he placed all his actions and thoughts under the scrutiny of the laws, he would not deserve hanging ten times in his life.)
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Development of states, urbanization, mechanization and industrialisation have all brought phenomenal strides to growth and prosperity of economies and their populace. They have also brought with them the insatiable need for energy resources with the related offspring of instability, conflict, war and corruption.
Dean Koontz, Lightning|People get stuck a lot because they're afraid to act; in the worst case,...we get so attached to some end result that we can't function. We need help just to move on, only life doesn't wait.
Deyth Banger|There is noroom for the love of others within the tight, crowded miser’s hole of a privateego. Be empty in order to be filled. ’He that loveth his life shall lose it; andhe that hateth his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternal.
Anna Godbersen, Envy|The world is such a marvel-it gave you trials, but if you were still and concentrated, if you tried to do the right thing, it always provided you with salvation.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Always judge a man by the coloring of his heart and only his heart. Truth can be found in his record of actions, not intentions.
Mark Forsyth, The Horologicon: A Day's Jaunt Through the Lost Words of the English Language|The powerful intellect leashed by an impoverished vocabulary is a myth. Without a vocabulary, a language, the intellect cannot develop.
Sarah Addison Allen, First Frost|If you like the fairy tales, visit the old towns!
Richard Dawkins|Of all created comforts, God is the lender; you are the borrower, not the owner.
Benny Bellamacina, Piddly poems for children vol:3|When an artist friend of mine explained she was working her way up the creative ladder, I asked if she would kindly paint the front of my house on the way up.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan|Freedom is a heavy load, a great and strange burden for the spirit to undertake. It is not easy. It is not a gift given, but a choice made, and the choice may be a hard one. The road goes upward towards the light; but the laden traveler may never reach the end of it.
Prince Ea|People don’t choose dreams, dreams choose them. So the question I’m getting to is, do you have the courage to grab the dream that picked you?
Albert Camus, The Plague|There aren't any GOOD guys. You realize that, don't you? I mean: there aren't EVIL guys, and INNOCENT guys. It's just - it's just... It's just a bunch of guys.
Richard Linville|To the PROBLEMS of our life, we are the SOLUTIONS. To the QUESTIONS of our life we are the ANSWERS
Sherman Alexie|I wanted to ask my father about his regrets. I wanted to ask him what was the worst thing he'd ever done. His greatest sin. I wanted to ask him if there was any reason why the Catholic Church would consider him for sainthood. I wanted to open up his dictionary and find the definitions for faith, hope, goodness, sadness, tomato, son, mother, husband, virginity, Jesus, wood, sacrifice, pain, foot, wife, thumb, hand, bread, and sex. "Do you believe in God?" I asked my father."God has lots of potential," he said."When you pray," I asked him. "What do you pray about?""That's none of your business," he said. We laughed. We waited for hours for somebody to help us. What is an Indian? I lifted my father and carried him across every border.
Robby Mook|I come from a coffee-loving family, and you can always tell when my sister and I have been around, because both of us collect all the dead coffee from everyone's morning cup, pour it over ice, and drink it. This is a disgusting habit.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|the more the tree goes up in the air, the more it goes down into the earth. Remember humility in greatness.
Kangana Ranaut|Wit is the sudden marriage of ideas which, before their union, were not perceived to have any relation.
Mark O'Connell, To Be a Machine: Adventures Among Cyborgs, Utopians, Hackers, and the Futurists Solving the Modest Problem of Death|The past was just a place where uncontrolled freaks you had never consciously decided to include in your life entered it anyway and staggered around, breaking things.
Henri Nouwen|Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God.
Steve Pavlina|If you don’t take the time to get really clear about exactly what it is you’re trying to accomplish, then you’re forever doomed to spend your life achieving the goals of those who do.
Jim Morrison|Punk is musical freedom. It's saying, doing and playing what you want. In Webster's terms, 'nirvana' means freedom from pain, suffering and the external world, and that's pretty close to my definition of Punk Rock.
Carol Burnett|I don't try to match wine with food, I just drink what I like. And I think a lot of people are going towards that now, which never used to be in the past.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|When it comes to profit over safety, profit usually wins.
Emile Durkheim|And I like asking questions, to keep learning; people with big egos might not want to look unsure.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Your pain is a divine rite of passage through which you will be reborn as a being of strength, wisdom and purpose.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Begin to write, your heart flow with sacred words.
Sofia Samatar, A Stranger in Olondria|Pour on, I will endure.
Mark Ruffalo|I used to work at a movie theater and sold hams at Honey Baked Ham during the holidays. I sold a ton of hams, and they offered me a regular job there, which I turned down. I feel like anything you do, just do it 100% because then that work ethic will bleed through when it's time to work on your dreams.
George Orwell|If people cannot write well, they cannot think well, and if they cannot think well, others will do their thinking for them.
Jalpa Williby, Chaysing Dreams|Elsa's mother no longer spoke to her of men and love, but of duty and fate and accepting one’s burden. As far as Elsa could tell, if love really was the inherited female domain, then women were saddled with the biggest burden of all. It was pressing down upon them, the way the sea pressed down upon the creatures of the deep.
Ricardo Piglia, Blanco nocturno|Death is a terrifying experience... It threatens, with its corrosive power, our possibility of living a humane life. There are two kinds of experiences that can protect those---those able to turn to them---from the terror of the danger of death. One is the certainty of truth, the continuous awakening toward the understanding of the 'ineluctable need for truth,' without which a good life is not possible. The other is the resolute and profound illusion that life has meaning and that the meaning of life is found in performing good deeds.
Ryan Lilly|A quote is a story, suspended in a sentence and treasured through time.
Sarah Manguso, Ongoingness: The End of a Diary|Today was very full, but the problem isn't today. It's tomorrow. I'd be able to recover from today if it weren't for tomorrow. There should be extra days, buffer days, between real days.
Allison Fallon|We have a set of rules for our faith, our sexuality, our marriages, our dating relationships, for choosing a church—nothing is off-limits. We tell ourselves to always do this, and never do that, and everything will turn out perfectly. Worse than that, we back up our rules with Bible verses and tell everyone else to follow them too.
G. Norman Lippert, James Potter and the Hall of Elders' Crossing|In the words of Mr Thierry Coup of Warner Bros: 'We are taking the most iconic and powerful moments of the stories and putting them in an immersive environment. It is taking the theme park experience to a new level.' And of course I wish Thierry and his colleagues every possible luck, and I am sure it will be wonderful. But I cannot conceal my feelings; and the more I think of those millions of beaming kids waving their wands and scampering the Styrofoam turrets of Hogwartse_STmk, and the more I think of those millions of poor put-upon parents who must now pay to fly to Orlando and pay to buy wizard hats and wizard cloaks and wizard burgers washed down with wizard meade_STmk, the more I grind my teeth in jealous irritation.Because the fact is that Harry Potter is not American. He is British. Where is Diagon Alley, where they buy wands and stuff? It is in London, and if you want to get into the Ministry of Magic you disappear down a London telephone box. The train for Hogwarts goes from King's Cross, not Grand Central Station, and what is Harry Potter all about? It is about the ritual and intrigue and dorm-feast excitement of a British boarding school of a kind that you just don't find in America. Hogwarts is a place where children occasionally get cross with each other—not 'mad'—and where the situation is usually saved by a good old British sense of HUMOUR. WITH A U. RIGHT? NOT HUMOR. GOTTIT?
Chinua Achebe|You cannot transpose the U.S. system on Turkey, and the Turkish system on France etc. You have to understand the people and their culture. That's leadership.
Samuel Daniel|Grief has limits, whereas apprehension has none. For we grieve only for what we know has happened, but we fear all that possibly may happen.
Brandon Stanton|Without any formal personal finance education or trustworthy resources to tell them otherwise, the majority of people in the 18-to-24-year-old age bracket do not know how to use credit effectively, tackle debt or make wise decisions when it comes to spending.
Mary J. Williams, If You Only Knew:|Don’t think about jumping, Iggy. We’re going aboutseventy, and despite my orders, we’re on our way to Puebla.So keep your ass glued in the goddamn seat.
Marie Lu, Legend|Goodnight, June.
Josie Maran|You hear entertainers all the time, saying, 'If I couldn't get paid for this, I'd do it for free.' When's the last time you ever heard a business person say, 'If I couldn't get paid for being chairman of British Petroleum, I'd do it for free'?
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Smartass Disciple: Master, how do you heal the broken heart?Master of Stupidity: It isn’t a disease need to be healed. It’s life.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|So,” sneered Fudge, recovering himself, “you intend to take on Dawlish, Shacklebolt, Dolores, and myself single-handed, do you, Dumbledore?”“Merlin’s beard, no,” said Dumbledore, smiling. “Not unless you are foolish enough to force me to.”“He will not be single-handed!” said Professor McGonagall loudly, plunging her hand inside her robes.“Oh yes he will, Minerva!” said Dumbledore sharply. “Hogwarts needs you!
Abhijit Naskar|To some Humans, the promise of a patch land was worth any effort. It was an oddly predictable sort of behavior. Humans had a long, storied history of forcing their way into places where they didn't belong.
Gina Lake, What about Now?: Reminders for Being in the Moment|He impressed people. Unconsciously. Some people are like that. I'm not. There's something in those people that breaks down all the barriers, because they act completely the way they are, have nothing to hide, never shelter behind anything, are just themselves, straightforward.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I accept love and bliss from benevolent, highly vibrational spirit friends for my highest good.
Shweta Bhatnagar|A bodyguard for a pretty socialite, I was moving up in the world. Like all idiots I naturally assumed she was pretty because she was rich. You can buy anything with money, even people, even... beauty.
Ratan Tata|Roads get wider and busier and less friendly to pedestrians. And all of the development based around cars, like big sprawling shopping malls. Everything seems to be designed for the benefit of the automobile and not the benefit of the human being.
David Letterman|I really don't do much on the night of Thanksgiving other than bring the wine and carve the turkey. My contribution comes the day after, in the form of breakfast. I usually just forage through the leftovers for things that will go well with eggs.
Jason Aaron|Sometimes, you have to be your own hero.
Isabella Koldras, Sense of perspective.|There are two distinct groups of people in the world: the ones who tell stories, and those who pay attention.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|Charity fits the economy of scarcity, because it supports the blasphemous myth that the rich are rich because they deserve to be, and their riches are theirs to deal with as they please. With such charity, we are not worthy to tell the story of manna in the wilderness, to pretend to eat together at the Lord’s Supper, or claim the Year of Jubilee as our own.
Gary North, Rapture Fever Hb|Moreover, we have seen enough by now to know that technological changes in our modes of communication are even more ideology-laden than changes in our modes of transportation. Introduce the alphabet to a culture and you change its cognitive habits, its social relations, its notions of community, history and religion. Introduce the printing press with movable type, and you do the same. Introduce speed-of-light transmission of images and you make a cultural revolution. Without a vote. Without polemics. Without guerrilla resistance. Here is ideology, pure if not serene. Here is ideology without words, and all the more powerful for their absence. All that is required to make it stick is a population that devoutly believes in the inevitability of progress. And in this sense, all Americans are Marxists, for we believe nothing if not that history is moving us toward some preordained paradise and that technology is the force behind that movement.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|You know, when I see a good-looking man, the first thing I think about is sex. I want to see him naked, and I imagine running my hands impatiently over his hot body.I can’t help it: it’s just how I am.
Katie McGarry, Pushing the Limits|I've never lost anything, but I have given some things up.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|If you say that you never lie in life,you honestly insult my intelligence.
Kate McGahan|Love is an intangible thing. When you truly love, you learn that what you feel is more significant than anything that you can see. Love has more power than any weapon. It is more life giving than food or medicine. Sometimes love lasts forever and sometimes it lasts just long enough to teach you what you need to learn.
Ymatruz|Indigence is one of those states, politicians less likely wish to manage.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Grimly, she realized that clocks don't make a sound that even remotely resembles ticking, tocking. It was more the sound of a hammer, upside down, hacking methodically at the earth. It was the sound of a grave. 
Christina Engela, Dead Man's Hammer|The difficulty is that, so long as unreason prevails, a solution of our troubles can only be reached by chance; for while reason, being impersonal, makes universal co-operation possible, unreason, since it represents private passions, makes strife inevitable. It is for this reason that rationality, in the sense of an appeal to a universal and impersonal standard of truth, is of supreme importance to the well-being of the human species.
Abramelin Keldor, The Goodwill Grimoire|There, in the corner under the window—the window through which he thought he saw movement before—was a slender white foot! Quinn’s heart froze in his chest and frightened bile began working its way up his esophagus. ~ "The Mirror
Ally Condie, Reached|You are more than the choices that you make, You are more than the sum of your past mistakes, You are more than the problems you create.
Octavia Spencer|I was part of that group of kids growing up in the '80s under the Reagan regime, what I used to call 'living in the shadow of Dr. Manhattan,' where we would have dreams all the time that New York City was being destroyed, and that that wall of light and destruction was rolling out and would just devour our neighborhood.
David Harvey|...those thoroughly incorporated within the inexorable logic of the market and its demands find that there is little time and space in which to explore emancipatory potentialities outside what is marketed as 'creative' adventure, leisure, and spectacle. Obliged to live as appendages of the market and of capital accumulation rather than as expressive beings, the realm of freedom shrinks before the awful logic and the hollow intensity of market involvements
Woody Allen|I broke up with this girl, and they put me with a psychiatrist who said, 'Why did you get so depressed, and do all those things you did?' I said, 'I wanted this girl and she left me.'And he said,'Well, we have to look into that.'And I said, 'There's nothing to look into! I wanted her and she left me.' And he said, 'Well, why are you feeling so intense?'And I said, 'Cause I want the girl!' And he said, 'What's underneath it?' And I said, 'Nothing!'He said, 'I'll have to give you medication.'I said, 'I don't want medication! I want the girl!'And he said, 'We have to work this through.'So, I took a fire extinguisher from the casement and struck him across the back of his neck. And before I knew it, guys from Con Ed had jumper cables in my head and the rest was...
Ellen J. Barrier|On the left side of a strong woman, stands a strong man; he is strengthened by her character.
Roxanne Snopek, Saving the Sheriff|I'm named after my father, Rudolph," he said, then shot her a stern look. "But if you connect that with my red nose --
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the wander land, we engage ourselves in writing.
Stefan Molyneux| What do woman say to little boys? " Stop fighting. Stop being so rough. Stop rough housing." They're boys you know, that's kinda what they're sapossed to do. So, men are sapossed to overcome all these biological drives and I'm just really interested in helping women overcome theirs caus' I think the spotlight of " Outgrow your bestial nature." has been pointed just a little bit too long at men and I think it's time to swivel that motherfucker around and point it at woman and say stop making yourself look like fucking sex clowns to milk money out of men's dicks. Stop lying about who you are and what you're about. Stop being flirty, manipulative, and trying to be sexy. Just stop doing it. It's time for women to outgrow biology just as men have been instructed to for about the last 20,000 years to outgrow their biology. "Stop slamming doors. Stop yelling. Stop climbing trees. Stop being rude. Stop farting. Stop enjoying fart jokes. Just stop being men." Ok, Well; women stop being women. Be people. Be people who have sex, absolutely but, don't be caricatures. Don't aim to be like a woman who looks like the outline of some playboy mudflap on a trucker's rig. Just be people. Be sexual. Enjoy your sexuality and bodies but, stop trying to bury us in tits so that we pass out and you can rifle through our bank accounts. Just stop doing that shit. I won't enable it anymore. Why does your face have to look like some half rained on Picasso water color? I don't need rainbows on the face of a woman. I don't need these weird butterfly wing goth eyebrows and shit like that. Male sexuality is demonized and female sexuality is elevated. That's bullshit. Then women wonder why men prefer porn to them. It's caus' porn doesn't nag you for wanting stuff that's defined as "kinky" or "weird". Male sexuality is demonized and held in low esteem. Woman's sexuality is always beautiful. Woman's sexuality is unremitting shallow. I'm not saying men's isn't but, we know that about men, right? What turns women on? Women say confidence. Do you know what that means? Money. Do women say " He is really confident about his sidewalk art. He is really confident about his subway busking. That's such a turn on!" Why do men like looking at naked women and women get turned on looking at clothed men? Because if a man's clothes aren't on you don't know how expensive his wardrobe is. This is what Mohammad Ali said. I'm going to throw on some old jeans and a old t-shirt and I'm just gonna walk down into some little town and find some woman who doesn't know who the hell I am and then when she's fallen in love with me and we get married, I'm going to take her to my million dollar mansion and my yacht. This is the reality. Once you start having money, once you start having power, then the true nature of massive swaths of female sexuality becomes clear.
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|Jiu Jitsu has given me an education in education, which I now see is the most valuable education there is.
Willa Cather|The ideal man bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of circumstances.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Green Mars|Drilling without thinking has of course been Republican party policy since May 2008. With gas prices soaring to unprecedented heights, that's when the conservative leader Newt Gingrich unveiled the slogan 'Drill Here, Drill Now, Pay Less'—with an emphasis on the now. The wildly popular campaign was a cry against caution, against study, against measured action. In Gingrich's telling, drilling at home wherever the oil and gas might be—locked in Rocky Mountain shale, in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, and deep offshore—was a surefire way to lower the price at the pump, create jobs, and kick Arab ass all at once. In the face of this triple win, caring about the environment was for sissies: as senator Mitch McConnell put it, 'in Alabama and Mississippi and Louisiana and Texas, they think oil rigs are pretty'. By the time the infamous 'Drill Baby Drill' Republican national convention rolled around, the party base was in such a frenzy for US-made fossil fuels, they would have bored under the convention floor if someone had brought a big enough drill.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|Take me now, God!" I shout to the inky sky. "I´m ready.""You´re not ready. You´re not even divorced yet," Bunny says. "You cannot die married to that man.
Susan Sontag, Illness as Metaphor & AIDS and Its Metaphors|Abuse of the military metaphor may be inevitable in a capitalist society, a society that increasingly restricts the scope and credibility of appeals to ethical principle, in which it is thought foolish not to subject one's actions to the calculus of self-interest and profitability. War-making is one of the few activities that people are not supposed to view 'realistically'; that is, with an eye to expense and practical outcome. In all-out war, expenditure is all-out, unprudent--war being defined as as an emergency in which no sacrifice is excessive.
Denis Diderot|Human nature is complex. Even if we do have inclinations toward violence, we also have inclination to empathy, to cooperation, to self-control.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|May the warm winds of heaven blow softly upon your house. May the Great Spirit bless all who enter there. May your mocassins make happy tracks in many snows, and may the rainbow always touch your shoulder.
Helen Keller, The Open Door|For years to come the debris of a convulsed world will beset our steps. It will require a purpose stronger than any man and worthy of all men to calm and inspirit us. A sane society whose riches are happy children, men and women, beautiful with peace and creative activity, is not going to be ordained for us. We must make it ourselves.
Deadpool|Through lightest dark or darkest light, You dont need no bling to join the fight. We're mercs with mouths and so much more, Yippee-ki-yay, we're the Deadpool Corps!
Alexandra Katehakis, Erotic Intelligence: Igniting Hot, Healthy Sex While in Recovery from Sex Addiction|Above all, consider this: The greatest gift we can give ourselves, our children, and our world is to live well and love well.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Midnight Palace|The ability to tell a good route from a terrible one is a valuable skill when leading an expedition. Unfortunately for us all, it was a skill I did not possess.
Christopher Hitchens|That which can be asserted without evidence, can be dismissed without evidence.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|When you begin to reason with the Lord, your attitude to the issues of life will change.
Fred Rogers, The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember|Mutual caring relationships require kindness and patience, tolerance, optimism, joy in the other's achievements, confidence in oneself, and the ability to give without undue thought of gain.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Your mind is greater than your problems,your heart is greater than your troubles,your soul is greater than your temptations,and your God is greater than your obstacles.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Great men do not experience small challenges. They face great challenge but that is what makes them great. That is what give them great story. That is what inspires them to live and leave distinctive footprints on minds. Though they face great challenges, they gather great momentum and strength to fight such challenges with fortitude and tenacity to the satisfaction of their inner man. Great men, though they face great challenges, they always come out of the challenges as great men with great stories. They live and leave distinctive footprints of life on minds
Nicholas Sparks|She was beautiful, but her youth, the very awkwardness of her age, prevented her from flaunting it.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|Many if not most slaves would have each readily jumped, and many if not most slaves would each readily jump, at the opportunity to be a master, if such an opportunity presents or had presented itself.
Donovan L. Graham, Teaching Redemptively: Bringing Grace and Truth Into Your Classroom|Most Christian teachers would profess to believe that their students are made in the image of God. . .Classroom practices, however, often reveal that students are not treated accordingly. They are not challenged to think through issues and carefully examine the various positions relevant to the issue. Instead they are simply given information as correct answers to be remembered and reproduced on a test or in some other written form. Rather than create an art project that reveals something about the way they view the world, they are given specific instructions for completing each step of the project and criticized, for example, if the trees are not green. While verbally teaching Johnny that he is an important person, a teacher may employ a learning model or classroom discipline system that clearly treats him as on object to be shaped and controlled by a system. . . (p18)
Hyman George Rickover|Act as if you are going to live for ever and cast your plans way ahead. You must feel responsible without time limitations, and the consideration of whether you may or may not be around to see the results should never enter your thoughts.
Henrietta Newton Martin|Love and mercy heals;where nothing works, love does..
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|Unfortunately, zombies aren’t very flammable, and it went out instantly.
John R.W. Stott|The truth is that there are such things as Christian tears, and too few of us ever weep them.
Carl-John X. Veraja|You could always industrialize,” she refilled Jimmy’s wine glass. “You know, get a job stunning chickens in a factory to earn the trust of the working class.” Jimmy laughed again and accidentally spat Chablis on my legs. “It’s a pretty silly idea, isn’t it?” said Grace, getting a rag. “Leaping out of the closet in a crisis?” She lowered her voice, “Don’t worry, sir. I’m a revolutionary socialist. Everything’s going to be okay.
Kahlil Gibran|Music is the language of the spirit. It opens the secret of life bringing peace, abolishing strife.
Martin Luther, Sermon on the Mount and the Magnificat|Thus God's work and His eyes are in the depths, but man's only in the height.
Nicholas A. McGirr, The Growing Dim Project|I am like a machine being driven to excessive rotations: the bearings are incandescing and, in a minute, melted metal will begin to drip and everything will turn to nothing. Quick: get cold water, logic. I am pouring it over myself by the bucketload but the logic sizzles on the hot bearings and dissipates elusive white steam into the air.
John Wesley|God may be in the details, but the goddess is in the questions. Once we begin to ask them, there's no turning back.
David McCullough, John Adams|When a friend of Abigail and John Adams was killed at Bunker Hill, Abigail's response was to write a letter to her husband and include these words, "My bursting heart must find vent at my pen.
Kim Harrison, Into the Woods: Tales from the Hollows and Beyond|We need the Fallen Legion,” I said without preamble, trying to catch my breath after running after her.“And I need an evil-proof bubble to put Jules in,” Firen said dryly.“That’ll teach me to start off a conversation with a demand,” I grumbled.
Xenophon, The Persian Expedition|You are well aware that it is not numbers or strength that bring the victories in war. No, it is when one side goes against the enemy with the gods' gift of a stronger morale that their adversaries, as a rule, cannot withstand them. I have noticed this point too, my friends, that in soldiering the people whose one aim is to keep alive usually find a wretched and dishonorable death, while the people who, realizing that death is the common lot of all men, make it their endeavour to die with honour, somehow seem more often to reach old age and to have a happier life when they are alive. These are facts which you too should realize (our situation demands it) and should show that you yourselves are brave men and should call on the rest to do likewise.
Kristen Ashley|Too many things can be free in this world, but freedom is never among them.
Walter Mosley|The job of the writer is to take a close and uncomfortable look at the world they inhabit, the world we all inhabit, and the job of the novel is to make the corpse stink.
Karin Bachmann|Not new but so true:"It's nice to be important but it's more important to be nice.
Robert Sowthey|Although other animals may be different from us, this does not make them LESS than us
Napz Cherub Pellazo|At the end of the day, you control your happiness at peace.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Behind all their personal vanity, women themselves always have an impersonal contempt for woman.
José Ortega y Gasset|The only thing that interests the physicist is finding out on what assumptions a framework of things can be constructed which will enable us to know how to use them mechanically. Physics, as I have said on another occasion, is the technique of techniques and the ars combinatoria for fabricating machines. It is a knowledge which has scarcely anything to do with comprehension.
Orhan Pamuk|...and awakening, at that moment, to the thrilling prospect of complete surrender, not just of one’s lips but of one’s entire body to a lover’s mercy, we recognized that the gap between compassion and surrender is love’s darkest, deepest region.
William Greider|We'll have a public power authority, which will also have the ability to build power or finance power. And more importantly, we'll have more power than our economy provides. All of that will give us leverage we don't have today.
Alan Bradley|Not to be too dramatic about it, that night I slept the sleep of the damned. I dreamt of turrets and craggy ledges where the windswept rain blew in from the ocean with the odor of violets. A pale woman in Elizabethan dress stood beside my bed and whispered in my ear that the bells would ring. An old salt in an oilcloth jacket sat atop a piling, mending nets with an awl, while far out at sea a tine aeroplane winged its way towards the setting sun.
Maria Augusta von Trapp, The Story of the Trapp Family Singers|Deep inside her heart, I was feeling my home like a hay made nest.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible is the constant fountain for faith, conduct, and inspiration from which we drink daily.
Arjun Pawar, Masters of Lygrenn|The doors to Wisdom & Glory are never closed, they just favor the undaunted
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|Because I think that by beauty, you don't just mean something that's pretty. You mean something that makes us human.
August Krogh|Steve's sales pitch on the NeXT operating system was dazzling," according to Amelio. " He praised the virtues and strengths as though he were describing a performance of Oliver as Macbeth.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Creativity: Flow and the Psychology of Discovery and Invention|Neither parents nor schools are very effective at teaching the young to find pleasure in the right things. Adults, themselves often deluded by infatuation with fatuous models, conspire in the deception. They make serious tasks seem dull and hard, and frivolous ones exciting and easy. Schools generally fial to teach how exciting, how mesmerizingly beautiful science or mathematics can be; they teach the routine of literature or history rather than the adventure.
Virginia Euwer Wolff|He knew he could never jingle change in his pocket or park his car like a confident adult, he was the Adrian he had always been, casting a guilty look over a furtive shoulder, living in eternal dread of a grown-up striding forward to clip his ear.But there again, when he sipped at the whiskey his eyes failed to water and his throat forgot to burn. The body shamelessly welcomed what once it would have rejected. At breakfast he demanded not Ricicles and chocolate spread, but coffee and unbuttered toast. And if the coffee was sugared he leapt from it like a colt from an electric fence. He ate the crust and left the filling, guzzled the olives and spurned the cherries. Yet inside he remained the same Adrian who fought down the urge to stand and shout 'Bullocks' during church services, smelt his own farts and wasted hours skimming through National Geographic on the off-chance of seeing a few naked bodies.
Stanisław Lem, Solaris|I had no hope. Yet expectation lived on in me, the last thing she had left behind. What further consummations, mockeries, torments did I still anticipate? I had no idea as I abided in the unshaken belief that the time of cruel wonders was not yet over.
Robin Roe|The very next day after Miss West and I’d talked about her son and missions, she was the same as she’d always been: volatile and unhappy with a hatred that spewed out of her like missiles. I thought I understood why. She must have hated us for being alive when her son was dead.Lately the class has been turning against her. They’re openly hostile, and they whisper plots for revenge. It seems unfair, the way unhappiness flows out of a person, just to ricochet.  “Adam…do you think we have a missions?” He looks at me with a confused expression. “What kind of missions?” “I don’t know. Do you think you have a mission?” I shrug, disappointed. If Adam doesn’t know, then I guess no one does.  A girl turns onto our hall, eyes red and sad, and she passes, Adam sends her a smile. Her whole face brightens and she sends him a smile back.  Hate ricochets, but kindness does too. Page 178.
John Wooden|We should always be learning. However, we must be careful not to set aside our faith in the process, because faith actually enhances our ability to learn.
Bruce Lee|Poem by Howard A. Walter (Character)I would be true, for there are those who trust me;I would be pure, for there are those who care;I would be strong, for there are those who suffer;I would be brave, for there is much to dare.I would be friend of all--- the foe, the friendless;I would be giving, and forget the gift;I would be humble, for I know my weakness;I would look up, and laugh, and love, and lift.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I believe America has gone a long way down the wrong road. If we ever needed God’s help, it is now.
The Hypnotherapy Guy|Enjoy what you have, cherish the good times and savour everything life presents you. We can’t change the past…However, the future is a blank canvas, waiting for the paint, go create a masterpiece.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you ask, expect the answer.
Maria Mitchell|Just as the science and art of agriculture depend upon chemistry and botany, so the art of education depends upon physiology and psychology.
Poppy Delevingne|I have a few go-to moves like jazz hands, shake the booty, stupid eyes. It was once a mating ritual, but now it's all about looking silly and making the kids smile.
Geoffrey West|Giving birth was the most amazing thing I've ever done. I'd been living in a Third World country, and I said, 'I'm going to just squat behind a tree.' I basically did that but in a chair in my living room. I didn't want a sterile hospital room. I didn't want doctors. I had a midwife.
Scott Stabile|Compassion grows in the recognition that we are all the same.If you can’t see some part of yourself in every single person you encounter, then you’re not looking closely enough, at the person or at yourself.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Whenever you should doubt your self-worth, remember the lotus flower. Even though it plunges to life from beneath the mud, it does not allow the dirt that surrounds it to affect its growth or beauty.
Leo Tolstoy|I never fancied cats much till I found the First Mate," he remarked, to the accompaniment of the Mate's tremendous purrs. "I saved his life, and when you've saved a creature's life you're bound to love it. It's next thing to giving life.
Margaret D. Nadauld|During the first 13 centuries after the birth of Jesus in Bethlehem, no one thought of setting up a creche to celebrate Christmas. The pre-eminent Christian holiday was Easter, not Christmas.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|The Court of Dreams.The people who knew that there was a price, and one worth paying, for that dream. The bastard- born warriors, the Illyrian half breed, the monster trapped in a beautiful body, the dreamer born into a court of nightmares...And the huntress with an artist's soul.
Joseph Fielding Smith, Doctrines of Salvation Vol I|Jesus can you show meJust how far the east is from the west,Cause I can't bear to see the man I've beenRising up in me again.In the arms of your mercy I find restCause you know just how far the east is from the west---From one scarred hand to the other.
Isaac Asimov|Gadgetry will continue to relieve mankind of tedious jobs. Kitchen units will be devised that will prepare ‘automeals,’ heating water and converting it to coffee; toasting bread; frying, poaching or scrambling eggs, grilling bacon, and so on. Breakfasts will be ‘ordered’ the night before to be ready by a specified hour the next morning. Communications will become sight-sound and you will see as well as hear the person you telephone. The screen can be used not only to see the people you call but also for studying documents and photographs and reading passages from books. Synchronous satellites, hovering in space will make it possible for you to direct-dial any spot on earth, including the weather stations in Antarctica. [M]en will continue to withdraw from nature in order to create an environment that will suit them better. By 2014, electroluminescent panels will be in common use. Ceilings and walls will glow softly, and in a variety of colors that will change at the touch of a push button. Robots will neither be common nor very good in 2014, but they will be in existence. The appliances of 2014 will have no electric cords, of course, for they will be powered by long- lived batteries running on radioisotopes.“[H]ighways … in the more advanced sections of the world will have passed their peak in 2014; there will be increasing emphasis on transportation that makes the least possible contact with the surface. There will be aircraft, of course, but even ground travel will increasingly take to the air a foot or two off the ground. [V]ehicles with ‘Robot-brains’ … can be set for particular destinations … that will then proceed there without interference by the slow reflexes of a human driver. [W]all screens will have replaced the ordinary set; but transparent cubes will be making their appearance in which three-dimensional viewing will be possible. [T]he world population will be 6,500,000,000 and the population of the United States will be 350,000,000. All earth will be a single choked Manhattan by A.D. 2450 and society will collapse long before that!There will, therefore, be a worldwide propaganda drive in favor of birth control by rational and humane methods and, by 2014, it will undoubtedly have taken serious effect. Ordinary agriculture will keep up with great difficulty and there will be ‘farms’ turning to the more efficient micro-organisms. Processed yeast and algae products will be available in a variety of flavors. The world of A.D. 2014 will have few routine jobs that cannot be done better by some machine than by any human being. Mankind will therefore have become largely a race of machine tenders. Schools will have to be oriented in this direction…. All the high-school students will be taught the fundamentals of computer technology will become proficient in binary arithmetic and will be trained to perfection in the use of the computer languages that will have developed out of those like the contemporary “Fortran". [M]ankind will suffer badly from the disease of boredom, a disease spreading more widely each year and growing in intensity. This will have serious mental, emotional and sociological consequences, and I dare say that psychiatry will be far and away the most important medical specialty in 2014. [T]he most glorious single word in the vocabulary will have become work! in our a society of enforced leisure.
Leslie Ludy|He does not want a girl who trifles with Christianity. He wants a woman who is radically given to Christ. He does not want a girl who prays tepid, lukewarm prayers. He wants a woman who lives in defiance of the powers of Hell. He does not want a girl who is self-adorning with the latest fashions and trends. He wants a woman who is adorned with the inner jewelry of Christ-given holiness. He does not want a girl who dishonors and belittles her parents. He wants a woman who honors the authorities God has placed in her life and serves them with charity and gladness. He does not want a girl whose Bible is an accessory to her wardrobe. He wants a woman whose hunger and thirst is to know the Lord, and who diligently feasts upon His Word. He does not want a girl whose tongue is a deceptive weapon of selfishness. He wants a woman whose words drip with the honey of the name of Jesus.
Pope Paul VI|As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
Eddie Huang, Fresh Off the Boat: A Memoir|She learned early on, in her adopted country, that race was an easy excuse to stop awkward explanations. People hesitated to probe into such a sensitive matter.
Charles de Lint, Waifs and Strays|Either write something worth reading, or do something worth writing.
Andre Maurois|Look back, and smile on perils past.
Rachel Higginson, Endless Magic|In order for you to receive, someone else has to give. That’s called sacrifice.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer Returns: Sometimes You Find Perspective, and Sometimes Perspective Finds You|Life has always been a series of the same choices: enslavement, apathy or freedom.
David Seabury|I don't think that you can invent on behalf of customers unless you're willing to think long-term, because a lot of invention doesn't work. If you're going to invent, it means you're going to experiment, and if you're going to experiment, you're going to fail, and if you're going to fail, you have to think long term.
Dai Sijie, Once on a Moonless Night|Calligraphy may well be simply an artistic version of another form, that is the ideograms which make up the poem, but then not only does it reflect the character and temperament of the artist but . . . also betrays his heart rate, his breathing.
T. E. Lawrence|We require from buildings two kinds of goodness: first, the doing their practical duty well: then that they be graceful and pleasing in doing it.
C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory|Now, if we are made for heaven, the desire for our proper place will be already in us, but not yet attached to the true object, and will even appear as the rival of that object […] If a transtemporal, transfinite good is our real destiny, then any other good on which our desire fixes must be in some degree fallacious, must bear at best only a symbolical relation to what will truly satisfy.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|I no longer feel allegiance to these monsters called human beings, despise being one myself. I think that Peeta was onto something about us destroying one another and letting some decent species take over. Because something is significantly wrong with a creature that sacrifices its children’s lives to settle its differences. You can spin it any way you like. Snow thought the Hunger Games were an efficient means of control. Coin thought the parachutes would expedite the war. But in the end, who does it benefit? No one. The truth is, it benefits no one to live in a world where these things happen.
Sergei Lukyanenko, Новый Дозор|Do not just look, but you should also observe.
Christina Engela, Inanna Rising: Women Forged in Fire|The religious right sees every group trying to achieve equality with them as a threat, because if they become equal to them, THEY won't be able to abuse their human rights anymore. Giving other people equality WITH THEM, in their minds takes something away from THEM - POWER - and that TERRIFIES them. It scares them shitless.
Anamika Mishra|If you can’t find a job, use your special gift to create a job.
Taron Egerton|My whole life, growing up, I always wanted to be in comedy. I never felt comfortable doing the 'teen hunk' thing.
Teresa R. Funke, Bursts of Brilliance for a Creative Life blog|If you haven't proclaimed it in your own life, do it now. Say, "I am an artist.
Reba McEntire|What we actually learn, from any given set of circumstances, determines whether we become increasingly powerless or more powerful.
Albert Einstein|The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and all science. He to whom this emotion is a stranger, who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead: his eyes are closed.
Kate   O'Neill, Lessons from Los Gatos: How Working at a Startup Called Netflix Made Me a Better Entrepreneur|We the people have more power than we know, and we must learn to use it judiciously.
Meg Jay, The Defining Decade: Why Your Twenties Matter--And How to Make the Most of Them Now|In one way or another, almost every twentysomething client I have wonders, 'Will things work out for me?' The uncertainty behind that question is what makes twentysomething life so difficult, but it is also what makes twentysomething action so possible and so necessary. It's unsettling to not know the future and, in a way, even more daunting to consider that what we are doing with our twentysomething lives might be determining it.
Skyla Dawn Cameron, Bloodlines|His witch had finally arrived. He knew it within his heart and he danced, giddy as a schoolboy on the first day of summer vacation.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|I think what doesn't kill you makes you a better human being. It opens your eyes, your heart, and your mind.
Rebecca Romijn|My dad's sense of humor was direct and sometimes surreal - his quick wit is well known amongst our family and friends. He raised me on Spike Jones records and W.C. Fields movies, and his sense of humor fell somewhere in between.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|It was something new for her. New roads, new people, new places, new opportunities and new perspective. This is the one thing that inevitably moves a person through the grief. Growth heals grief.
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|If I can be perfectly blunt, his humanities teacher was an ass.
Phil Knight, Shoe Dog: A Memoir by the Creator of NIKE|He was easy to talk to, and easy not to talk to-equally important qualities in a friend. Essential in a travel companion.
Niquenya D. Fulbright, Why YOU SUCK at Network Marketing|As long as you SIT, you Stay In Trouble. Once you STAND, you Shift Toward A New Direction, take a STEP, and Start To Embrace Purpose, then WALK to Welcome Abundance, Love and Knowledge.
Calvin W. Allison, Strong Love Church|The thoughts from a finite mind can at times be very similar to the clouds that move about over the surface of the earth. Both can cover a lot of ground, and can either disperse or increase in formation. Likewise—both are heavily influenced by the surrounding climate. Furthermore—a hard wind increases a fire’s spread, thunder proceeds a lightning strike, and when atmospheric water vapor accumulates, it produces clouds. Then, after an abundance of water has been condensed, the clouds will at some point release moisture; the rain/precipitation amount will range from the degree of abundance condensed.Similarly: an abundance of thoughts can also accumulate—eventually resulting in an overflow of emotion. The overflow can either be positive or negative—the determining factor relying on the characterization of the thoughts—whether they be positive or negative.
Lois Lowry, A Summer to Die|She smiles, and her eyes look as if they can see back into her memory, into all the things that have gone into making a person what they are.
Ursula K. Le Guin|We read books to find out who we are. What other people, real or imaginary, do and think and feel... is an essential guide to our understanding of what we ourselves are and may become.
Maren Morris|For me they are no different, reality and dreams.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Speaking the unspeakable. As a leader, you need to not just listen to what’s being said, but more importantly, what's not being said.
Jonathan Kozol|I think we need to rethink a lot of business skills. In finance, for example, social impact bonds are potentially a way of providing capital for investments that save the public money in a context in which government often doesn't invest in things that would save it money.
Charbel Tadros|These are treacherous times, and I know how easily perceptions can be twisted by a single word spoken into the wrong ear. Impugn a man's character, and everything that man does is made to seem underhanded, suspect, fraught with double motives.
Alan Eisenstock|Drag queen is a gender like no other, and with practice I'd learned to rise to it.
Rachel A. Marks, Distant Passages - Volume 2: More of the Best Short Stories and Poetry from Double-Edged Publishing|He couldn’t look back at the children. He couldn’t think of it. All he could do was watch the eyes of his wife.He pulled her to him, her body soft, her skin warm. She was life, she was his. He took her lips and tasted his freedom once more. The subtle tenderness. The hope hidden in joined breath. He took it into himself. Soaking in the peace that came with it.And even as the rustling began he felt still, he felt calm. Scratching and scrapping within the stones, and the rustle of wings. But all Eli knew was the nature of love.
Tez Brooks|Unfortunately for the existing mature systems in nature, the rapid expansion of the human bubble is destroying them. Unfortunately for us, we can't exist without them any more than a living person can exist without oxygen or a body can exist without a head. In this sense, it is actually a conceptual error to define the environment as the rest of the biosphere save humans, and think of ourselves as apart from it, since we can't exist without it.
|A beautiful Soul never know how beautiful it really is, a ugly allways thinks it is.
Joel Osteen|Corporate governance is a huge issue too. We don't have women on these corporate boards. More than half of the students in law school are women, more than half of the women, I think, in medical school now are women.
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|When I see him, his frame filling the doorway, I do not feel passion, excitement. I can't remember if I ever have. He makes me feel comfortable, like a favorite pair of shoes.
MacKenzie Taylor, The Way You Look Tonight|Simon, she'd learned, was a man who studied people. He learned their weaknesses as a way of protecting himself.
Sri Yukteswar Swami|So long as the soul of man is encased in one, two, or three body-containers, sealed tightly with the corks of ignorance and desires, he cannot merge with the sea of Spirit.
Michael N. Castle|The 50-50-90 rule: Anytime you have a 50-50 chance of getting something right, there's a 90% probability you'll get it wrong.
Alison Moyet|What makes the Stones' arrogance so divine is that we all believe that long ago and far away they weren't rich and famous but poor and struggling, just like us.
Kimberly Novosel, Loved|The bad news is nothing lasts forever,The good news is nothing lasts forever.
Robert E. Lee|As a privileged survivor of the First World War, I hope I may be allowed to interject here a deeply felt tribute to those who were not fortunate enough to succeed, but who shared the signal honor of trying to the last to salvage peace.
Eckhart Tolle|To speak specifically of our problem with the Muslim world, we are meandering into a genuine clash of civilizations, and we're deluding ourselves with euphemisms. We're talking about Islam being a religion of peace that's been hijacked by extremists. If ever there were a religion that's not a religion of peace, it is Islam.
Robert Jordan, The Dragon Reborn|We rode on the winds of the rising storm,We ran to the sounds of the thunder.We danced among the lightning bolts,and tore the world asunder.
Christopher Isherwood, Lost Years: A Memoir 1945 - 1951|The expectation of intelligent gossip is a powerful motive for serious self-criticism, more powerful than New Year resolutions to improve one's decision making at work and at home.
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|Valkyrie walked to the back door, which hadn't been closed properly, shut it and locked it. There was now a baby in the house, after all. She couldn't take the chance that a wild animal might wander in and make off with Alice, like those dingoes in Australia. She was probably being unfair to both dingoes and Australia, but she couldn't risk it. Locked doors kept the dingoes out, and that's all there was to it, even if she didn't know what a dingo actually was. She took out her phone, searched the Internet, found a picture of a baby dingo and now she really wanted a baby dingo for a pet.
Solange Knowles|My mom and I have always been very close since she did raise me as, like, a single mom. My friends and everyone I know are like, 'Wow, you guys really have a really good relationship.' She's with me a lot of the time, so people find that kind of shocking.
Hina Yu|Nothing can escape death. Not even the Sun. Not even the Earth. Not even the universeEveryone will have to embrace their eternal sleep someday. It can happen anytime. Anywhere. And at any location.It is Sudden.Many people die filled with regret.Regret that they didn't get their dream job.Regret that they didn't listen to their parents.Regret that they didn't confide to their crush.Regret that they didn't get into a better high school.But most of all, they regret that they haven't live life to it's fullest.That they didn't try out everything in the world. That they didn't get to see much of it.Few people die with happiness.It is because they have seen everything.It is because they have travelled to nearly every place on Earth.It is because they have done good in the world.It is because they know that they have enjoyed life and have made Earth a more enjoyable place for future generations.Those people that die with no regrets have chosen a better path. They pursued their dreams.They followed it.They completed it.And they accomplished it.Those people are worth following. Those people are worth remembering.So let's remember them.And never forget the good things that they have left in this world.
Cyma Rizwaan Khan, V Day|I think we are wise, we English speakers, to savor accents. They teach us things about our own tongue.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|Most of the people you read about being turned meet vamps in clubs or over the Internet...Ew, did you...?""Yes, I met a vampire on the Internet, went to his evil love den, and let him turn me, because I'm that brainless.
Stephen King|How to Draw a Picture (XII)Know when you're finished, and when you are, put your pencil or your paintbrush down. All the rest is only life.
Deb Caletti, Honey, Baby, Sweetheart|Every man has some reminiscences which he would not tell to everyone, but only to his friends. He has others which he would not reveal even to his friends, but only to himself, and that in secret. But finally there are still others which a man is even afraid to tell himself, and every decent man has a considerable number of such things stored away. That is, one can even say that the more decent he is, the greater the number of such things in his mind.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Keep questioning! With time, you will find answers to your questions.
|It is your responsibility to pull yourself up if you find yourself at the bottom, instead of waiting around and expecting others to come to your rescue. Moreover, most people already have their own burdens to carry.
Kevin Barry|I always try to say, 'If you want to help the environment, try to do just two things. One, use less of your car. Second, separate your garbage.'
Renee Fredrickson, Repressed Memories: A Journey to Recovery from Sexual Abuse|Everything you need to heal is inside yourself. You only need support and encouragement to listen to yourself—to your thoughts, feelings, imagery, and inner spiritual urgings. A book, like a therapist or group, can only guide you, helping you to say out loud what you dared not say even to yourself.
Israelmore Ayivor|The way I see it, the difference between farmers and suburbanites is the difference in the way we feel about dirt. To them, the earth is something to be respected and preserved, but dirt gets no respect. A farmer likes dirt. Suburbanites like to get rid of it. Dirt is the working layer of earth, and dealing with dirt is as much a part of farm life as dealing with manure. Neither is user-friendly but both are necessary.
Anonymous|The desert became grim, dark and foreboding. A silence of death lay over the land, and it seemed as though the very stars held their breath and twinkled no more.
Cressida Cowell, How to Steal a Dragon's Sword|To obtain greatness and strength, a man must have a good character. He is honorable and respected by others. We define him as intelligent, and as one who God has blessed with wisdom
Deepak Chopra, The Way of the Wizard: Twenty Spiritual Lessons for Creating the Life You Want|The same faint song is heard in everything: "Behold yourself".
Mark Galli, Chaos and Grace: Discovering the Liberating Work of the Holy Spirit|Jesus said, " I, when I am lifted up from the earth, will draw all men to myself," knowing that the nature of a forgiving Christ on the cross would compel people to follow Him. As long as the church remains an effective platform for God's light to reveal to the world the sacrifice Jesu samde, the church will be anturally irresistible. Light is inherently inviting-- just think of a porch light left on late into the night. Light communicates comfort, warmth, and healing. It gives direction and hope so we can see better and understand more fully. Most people I meet are looking for light. The problem is that the emphasis is of too many churches has gradually shifted and changed.
Anthony De Sa, Barnacle Love|The Portuguese call it saudade: a longing for something so indefinite as to be indefinable. Love affairs, miseries of life, the way things were, people already dead, those who left and the ocean that tossed them on the shores of a different land — all things born of the soul that can only be felt.
Pyotr Kropotkin, The Conquest of Bread|Fine sermons have been preached on the text that those who have should share with those whohave not, but he who would act out this principle is speedily informed that these beautiful sentimentsare all very well in poetry, but not in practice. “To lie is to degrade and besmirch oneself,” we say, andyet all civilized life becomes one huge lie. We accustom ourselves and our children to hypocrisy, to thepractice of a double-faced morality. And since the brain is ill at ease among lies, we cheat ourselveswith sophistry. Hypocrisy and sophistry become the second nature of the civilized man.But a society cannot live thus; it must return to truth or cease to exist.
Soren Kierkegaard|Allah is with people who show patience. If you are down in the dumps, Allah will help you if you have belief. But this is a personal thing between you and him. You can't fool Allah.
Abu Bakar Bashir|I'm looking for the best person irregardless of political party, of race or religion, or color of their skin. Those things don't matter to me. I want someone who's qualified, who has a qualification to character and the integrity to do the things that have to be done to save this world.
Leonhard Euler|Madam, I have just come from a country where people are hanged if they talk.
Stringfellow Barr|Thousands of persons, many of whom never darkened the door of a college, have learned to read books that most of our college graduates fear to tackle. teachers who understand this fact can help a student read the books that educated the Founding Fathers but not by explaining in lectures what the author would have said if he had been as bright as the lecturer.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Sometime I wonder why I walk alone on this cold, windy road. Maybe I have no one to love or no one love me at all?
Alice Thomas Ellis, The Birds of the Air|For all of life is Christmas, an eternal gift from God.
Jeanine Joy, Ph.D.|Human societies train people to "keep a stiff upper lip" and to "be strong" by which they mean the person should endure negative emotions. This is bad advice. Several branches of science have been studying human thriving. The results, when compiled, point to the fact that people thrive when they feel emotionally good and suffer when they do not.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., The Sirens of Titan|Oh Lord Most High, Creator of the Cosmos, Spinner of Galaxies, Soul of Electromagnetic Waves, Inhaler and Exhaler of Inconceivable Volumes of Vacuum, Spitter of Fire and Rock, Trifler with Millennia — what could we do for Thee that Thou couldst not do for Thyself one octillion times better? Nothing. What could we do or say that could possibly interest Thee? Nothing. Oh, Mankind, rejoice in the apathy of our Creator, for it makes us free and truthful and dignified at last. No longer can a fool point to a ridiculous accident of good luck and say, 'Somebody up there likes me.' And no longer can a tyrant say, 'God wants this or that to happen, and anyone who doesn't help this or that to happen is against God.' O Lord Most High, what a glorious weapon is Thy Apathy, for we have unsheathed it, have thrust and slashed mightily with it, and the claptrap that has so often enslaved us or driven us into the madhouse lies slain!" -The prayer of the Reverend C. Horner Redwine
Tamara Valentine, What the Waves Know|Valentine reminds us that to be fully human is to be both a story teller and a story dweller."--- Christina Meldrum, author of Madapple and Amaryllis in Blueberry
Stephen Baxter, Exultant|I have a vision of a Galaxy overrun by mankind from Core to rim. Of four hundred billion stars each enslaved to the rhythm of Earth's day, Earth's year. I have a vision of a trillion planets pulsing to the beat of a human heart.
Robinson Jeffers|The greatest beauty is organic wholeness, the wholeness of life and things, the divine beauty of the universe.
Jonas Jonasson|Don't let the time convince you to quit, instead, convince the time to extend with patience.
Melissa Bean|We'll continue to see more and more brands integrate social causes, charitable components and environmental issues as underlying themes to their campaigns and messaging. Humans connect with humans after all, and brands are using this as a point of connection to engage with their audience, especially charity-minded Generation Y.
Catherine Cookson, The Black Candle|As we review our worries, we should make it a habit each day to God, "what is it I should focus on today"?
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Look for something good in each person, even if for some people you have to look a little harder.
Elizabeth Wein, The Pearl Thief|The wave of memory had submerged me for a whole minute, while I'd just sat staring and let it all come flooding back.
Brenda Ueland, If You Want to Write: A Book about Art, Independence and Spirit|The only good teachers for you are those friends who love you, who think you are interesting, or very important, or wonderfully funny; whose attitude is:"Tell me more. Tell me all you can. I want to understand more about everything you feel and know and all the changes inside and out of you. Let more come out."And if you have no such friend,--and you want to write,--well, then you must imagine one. 
Donald Barthelme, Sadness|Yes, the saint was underrated quite a bit, then, mostly by people who didn’t like things that were ineffable……a lot of people don’t like things that are unearthly, the things of this earth are good enough for them, and they don’t mind telling you so. “If he’d just go out and get a job, like everybody else, then he could be saintly all day long…” —from “The Temptations of St. Anthony,” by Donald Barthelme
Julia Cameron, The Artist's Way|Timid young artists, adding parental fears to their own, often give up their sunny dreams of artistic careers, settling into the twilight world of could-have-beens and regrets.
Josiah Stamp|Charter schools are public schools that operate, to a certain extent, outside the system. They have more control over their teachers, curriculum and resources. They also have less money than public schools.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|When someone is searching, said Siddhartha, then it might easily happen that the only thing his eyes still see is that what he searches for, that he is unable to find anything, to let anything enter his mind, because he always thinks of nothing but the object of his search, because he has a goal, because he is obsessed by the goal. Searching means: having a goal. But finding means: being free, being open, having no goal. You, oh venerable one, are perhaps indeed a searcher, because, striving for your goal, there are many things you don't see, which are directly in front of your eyes.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|Never fear quarrels, but seek hazardous adventures.
Bill Simmons|I have always maintained that if you work hard, it won't go waste, as recognition will come to you at some stage, whether in studies or sports. You need to have good intentions and intent to move ahead in life as well as in sports.
Chris Frantz|Christmas is far and away my favorite holiday. I love everything about it, from the event that inspired it, hoping for a white one, to wrapping presents. But mostly I love having family and friends gathered, and sharing traditions.
Douglas Adams, So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish|Ford Prefect suppressed a little giggle of evil satisfaction, realized that he had no reason to suppress it, and laughed out loud, a wicked laugh.
Robert Moss|Children, only animals live entirely in the Here and Now. Only nature knows neither memory nor history. But man - let me offer you a definition - is the storytelling animal. Wherever he goes he wants to leave behind not a chaotic wake, not an empty space, but the comforting marker-buoys and trail-signs of stories. He has to go on telling stories. He has to keep on making them up. As long as there's a story, it's all right. Even in his last moments, it's said, in the split second of a fatal fall - or when he's about to drown - he sees, passing rapidly before him, the story of his whole life.
Chris Young|I'm not about my breasts; I'm just about good health, OK. I'm not afraid of doing what I need to do to stay here. I really don't understand women who are in denial, who don't want to go for a mammogram. I think it's stupidity. Sorry. I have no patience for that.
Tim Gunn, Tim Gunn's Fashion Bible: The Fascinating History of Everything in Your Closet|It's an arbitrary thing if you're born with an XX or XY chromosome, but it can determine your experience of the world. It's about whether you are physically intimidating vs. being physically intimidated. It determines whether you are the one to take an active role in sex and society.
Philip Larkin, Collected Poems|We should be carefulOf each other, we should be kindWhile there is still time
Bill Pronzini, The Vanished|..it sounded very good and very false at the same time, so that you had the feeling that even if was true, he was touching only on the very highest points and maybe embellishing those a little.
Yann Arthus-Bertrand|You will die but the carbon will not; its career does not end with you. It will return to the soil, and there a plant may take it up again in time, sending it once more on a cycle of plant and animal life.
Debatrayee Banerjee|She was perfectly sane in streets unknown. She loved conversing with people tagged as strangers. She was social, amiable & all that is her. Yet, with known people she felt unknown, she choked words and fought inside. And indeed she tripped insane while traversing those streets known. She stared at others and consumed their happiness through senses cold. And so she waits for Winter's warmth to touch her in streets of distant shore, in her own world of simple happiness.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|Living in a monastery, even as a guest rather than a monk, you have more opportunities than you might have elsewhere to see the world as it is, instead of through the shadow that you cast upon it.
Faith Hill|The fact is, we need markers in life, whether we subscribe to a religion or not. And the major holidays, such as Christmas, serve to remind us of the turning world.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You can't be successful if you are good at hiding yourself! Be success minded; think about uncovering what you know, what you have, and what you have to know for the comfort, inspiration and enlightenment of others!
Tony Hawk|I got stuck up a tree when I was about seven, and my dad had to come and get the ladder to get me down. I loved to climb all the way up to the top. I must have been a koala in my past life.
Michael Moore|Oprah's got good politics, she's got a good heart, and she'll have us all up Jazzercising at six in the morning. This cannot be a bad thing, and reading a book while we're Jazzercising. So America would be better off if Oprah were president.
George Orwell|Good novels are not written by orthodoxy-sniffers, nor by people who are conscience-stricken about their own orthodoxy. Good novels are written by people who are not frightened.
April WIlliams, What You Should Know About Network Marketing Before Investing Your Time, Energy and Money|How do you defend against a person who is ready to die? How do you defend against a person who don’t fear being sent to prison for life? How do you defend against a person who has nothing to lose? It’s like trying to defend against a suicide bomber, who has no problem going out in a glorified bang.Suicide bomber, assisted death, nothing-to-lose, not afraid, fearless, criminal mindset, thug life, mental disease, suicidal, mental challenges, death march, How do you defend against a person who is ready to die? How do you defend against a person who don’t fear being sent to prison for life? How do you defend against a person who has nothing to lose? It’s like trying to defend against a suicide bomber, who has no problem going out in a glorified bang.
Kristen Ashley, Creed|Let nothing disturb you, nothing frighten you, all things are passing, God is unchanging. Patience gains all; nothing is lacking to those who have God: God alone is sufficient.
Jack Gilbert|People need dreams, there's as much nourishment in 'em as food.
Erick Kästner|It is a quintessential example of the whirling kinetics that drive a Keaton film, in which not just the medium but the human body- the permutations of the sinews, the shock of the limbs -seems infinitely elastic, an unruly instument to be wilded with a cheeky kind of grace.
Coco Chanel|Obviously, there is much similarity among the challenges of transgender people and all women - from health care to harassment to discrimination in the workplace.
Philippe Lechermeier, The Secret Lives of Princesses|I grew up a dreamer, lonely, one foot on the earth, the other on the moon.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The pond is clear, but it isn't this beyond the sea blue and has never been. The sky is blue, but it isn't this strikingly bright and vivid nor has it ever been. But together, and in each other's company, they are more beautiful than they could ever have been alone...
Barbara W. Tuchman|Books are ... companions, teachers, magicians, bankers of the treasures of mind. Books are humanity in print.
Danielle-Claude Ngontang Mba, This Could Have Been Our Song! A Coulda Woulda Shoulda Ballad|If the worst you can say about an otherwise sweet-natured and pleasant romance novel is that the main characters are just too wholesome to suit you and your bitter, bitter, cat-infested, 7-years-friendless-and-romantically-barren life, you should probably just eat a fucking cupcake and settle in to wait for El Señor to take you away from this place on the wings of angels who all bear a marked resemblance to a young Rob Lowe.
V. Alexander|Tonight I’ve been dealing with a known killer, a male whore, a scam artist and now I’ve graduated to talking to a mayor. Who’s next? The President of the National Association of Rodents?
Jenna Lindsey, Quest For Evil: The Magic Of The Key|You are not judged by your success, but rather, how you respond to your failures.
Zayn Malik|No matter how many times people try to criticize you, the best revenge is to prove them wrong.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|Sam came around the side of the car and stopped dead when he saw me. “Oh my God, what is THAT?” I used my thumb and middle finger to flick the multicolored pom-pom on top of my head. “In my language, we call it a HAT. It keeps my ears warm.” “Oh my God,” Sam said again, and closed the distance between us. He cupped my face in his hands and studied me. “It’s horribly cute.” He kissed me, looked at the hat, and then he kissed me again. I vowed never to lose the pom-pom hat.
Julien Torma, 4 Dada Suicides: Selected Texts of Arthur Cravan, Jacques Rigaut, Julien Torma, and Jacques Vaché|For us life is a fact, no less, and, above all, no more.
Ryū Murakami, In the Miso Soup|If a philosophical writer cannot be followed, the difficulty of his subject can be placed only in mitigation of his offense, not in condonation of it. There are too many expert witnesses on the other side.
Anonymous|Socrates  indeed  when he was asked of what country he called himself  said  "Of the world"  for he considered himself an inhabitant and a citizen of the whole world.
Genereux Philip|If he aint tellin his boys about you, you aint the one.
Darren Main|Evolution is messy. Oftentimes our brains evolve more quickly than our capacity to love. Science has unlocked many mysteries of the universe by harnessing the human capacity for critical thinking, logic, and observation. Butwithout a spiritual science to help the heart keep pace, disaster is often the outcome. Rather than clean sources of energy, we develop atomic bombs. Rather than medicines that heal we develop biological and chemical weapons. Rather than technologies that allow us to share ideas and communicate, wefind ourselves more isolated and lonely than ever. Yoga, meditation, and other mystical practices are the spiritual counterpoint to western science. One unlocks the mind, the other opens the heart; and together they reveal humanity’s true potential.
Ruby Wax|It's so common, it could be anyone. The trouble is, nobody wants to talk about it. And that makes everything worse.
Aelian, Historical Miscellany|The man who pursues moral ends with unmoral means is involved in acontradiction of motives, and nullifies the object at which he aims,since he denies it by his actions.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|That sounds terrific, thought Cary, just you, your comatose wife your shell-shocked son, and your daughter who hates your guts. Not to mention that your two kids may be in love with each other. Yeah, that sounds like a perfect family reunion.
Susan G. Cole|In spite of hopes to the contrary, pornography and mass culture are working to collapse sexuality with rape, reinforcing the patterns of male dominance and female submission so that many young people believe this is simply the way sex it. This means that many of the rapists of the future will believe they are behaving within socially accepted norms.
Brandon Mull|Tim Stoutheart was afraid, too,” I said. “But he went on. I expect you to do the same.
Caroline Leech, Wait for Me|Even if you can’t dance, you can shake your body. Even if you can’t sing, you can make some noise.
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|When we return continually to the present moment and our centered awareness within it, we remember we are eternally connected to the Supreme Source that lives within us.
Leigh Hershkovich, Shattered Illusions|Have you ever wanted something so desperately that you imagine it, day in and day out, until you have created an image of perfection that becomes the 'real thing'? Suddenly, all you have to live for is the image in your head that may not be real to anyone else in the world, but is most certainly real to you. Nothing is as perfect, not even the thing itself, as the image you have created in your mind.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|We don't know where we come from and where we go, we fill the missing links with whatever our imaginations can provide us
Mehmet Murat ildan|What do you see from your window? Mostly the things you have been taught to you! And so your view is poor and so you too! To be rich, let the things which have not been taught to you reach you too!
Mark Abramson|We could all use the power of prayer now and then, but it seems to me that the people who are sure they have a direct line to heaven are most often calling collect with bad news.
Tahir Shah, In Search of King Solomon's Mines|When I am about to embark on a difficult journey, I comfort myself by reading the accounts of the great nineteenth-century travellers, men like Stanley, Burton, Speke, Burckhardt and Barth.
Sivaprakash Sidhu|I would like to disagree. I would like to argue. But that’s the problem with the dead. You can’t fight with them, you can’t reason with them, you can’t prove them wrong or yourself right, beg them to choose you, to stay with you, to love you more than death. They are gone. They have left only a big black ugly gash where their beautiful vibrant selves used to be. They no longer give a shit.
Coco Chanel|I peeled the shorts off my sweating skin and stepped into the skirt. It slid up my body, resting on my waist, and I pulled the zipper up towards the lord. It didn't just fit. No, it did more than that. It melded to my body, beautifully, as if it had been cut specifically for me, to mask and smooth and elevate. I would be better in this skirt. The dream was happening! I had the all-knowing smile, my hair was suddenly more luxurious, I felt thinner, more acceptable. Girls who had been mean to me in high school would see me in this skirt and think, "Is that Scaachi?" and I'd say, "YOU BET IT IS, YOU DUMB BITCH" and then punch all their boyfriends in the teeth. (I have not thought this fantasy through; just let me have this.)
Sonya Watson|In the dark, there is silence but in the light there is warmth.
Paul Adam, Paganini's Ghost|It had been many months since I'd shed tears for Tomaso, but grief is like that. It's not a continuous process; it comes in waves. You can keep it at bay for a time, like a dam holding back a lake, but them something triggers an explosion inside of you, shattering the wall and letting loose a flood.
Noel DeJesus|The problem with telling people that they can do anything they want to do is that it is objectively, factually inaccurate. Otherwise the whole world would just be ballet dancers and pop stars.
Anna C. Salter, Predators: Pedophiles, Rapists, And Other Sex Offenders|When Benedict dies, he will have the pleasure of standing before whatever furious God he believes in, to answer for how it was that he knew for undeniable fact that one -- if not dozens -- of his priests repeatedly molested, abused and/or raped young children for decades, and he did nothing to stop it. How much does God believe the pope's argument that Vatican PR trumps pedophilia? Joe Ratzinger, 82, will soon find out.
Ralph Ellison|a delegate shout out from the floor: “Peonage, Anti-Lynch Bill, poll tax, these are our issues. They are the most controversial issues in American life, and some of us will have to die for them! Yes, we want to join with the CIO! We cannot stop for controversy!” And there in the faces of my people I saw strength. There with the whites in the audience I saw the positive forces of civilization and the best guarantee of America’s future.
Michael Thomas Ford, Suicide Notes|I know, for example, that Mr. Petersen did not experience the flow of time in the same way that I did during those last sixteen months. He told me often, particularly towards the end, that for him time had become a slow, peaceful drift. If I had to guess why this was the case, I'd say that maybe it was because this was time he never expected to have. Or maybe it was more than he was now letting time drift. There was a certain type of contentment in his outlook, which never strayed too far into the future. His life had become simple and uncluttered, and when you're living like that, I think time can seem to stretch out for ever. Matters only change when you start fretting about all the things you need to get done. The more stuff you try to force into it, the less accommodating time becomes.
Maria Semple, Where'd You Go, Bernadette|Maybe that’s what religion is, hurling yourself off a cliff and trusting that something bigger will take care of you and carry you to the right place.
Tom Shales|For the most part, comedians are pretty friendly with each other. They always say they badmouth each other, but most of the time, they're friends. We're the only ones that can really stand our type of humor.
Jorge Luis Borges|I want to live my life, not record it.
Judith Warner, Perfect Madness: Motherhood in the Age of Anxiety|Confession: Having kids did not fix me. I was not somehow more whole, less botched-up, or more certain just because I had a kid... I was still me, with all my holes and problems and questions - only now I was also exhuasted and had a lot more laundry to do.
D.A. Rhine, Vampires of the Chesapeake: Rees Morgan|It's beautiful here," Rees murmured, watching the light play upon the water before returning his gaze to her. Mrs. Hollingsworth, his newest client, turned to him and forced a stiff smile. "Yes, money can buy all kinds of beautiful things," she said without a hint of emotion.
Frans G. Bengtsson, The Long Ships|I heard wordOf bellied sailcloth,Creak of oars,And gold in Eastland.Then I smelledA smell remembered:Salt of sprayAnd black-pitched boat's keel.
Pete Hamill|Anger clearly has its proper place at work, which is neither wholly absent nor ever present. The manager who is an emotional blank is just as hard to work for as the volcanic boss, and both can do great harm by setting an unhelpful example for what kind of emotional expression is expected and accepted.
Pierre Boulez|In 1857, Bizet departed for Rome and spent three years there. He studied the landscape, the culture, Italian literature and art. Musically he studied the scores of the great masters. At the end of the first year he was asked to submit a religious work as his required composition. As a self-described atheist, Bizet felt uneasy and hypocritical writing a religious piece. Instead, he submitted a comic opera. Publicly, the committee accepted, acknowledging his musical talent. Privately, the committee conveyed their displeasure. Thus, early in his career, Bizet displayed an independent spirit that would be reflected in innovative ideas in his opera compos
Suzanne LaFleur, Eight Keys|Well, sometimes things don't change on their own. Sometimes we have to change them.
Dave Champion|There is at least one advantage to being an Indonesian citizen: With this country's expanse of land and even greater expanse of sea, it's not difficult finding space for one's grave.
Yael Grobglas|You surround yourself with amazing, grade-A talent, and you're going to have to lift your game. You kind of thrive just by being around such people.
Colson Whitehead, The Noble Hustle: Poker, Beef Jerky, and Death|One of the privileges of being an athlete is that on days when I have practice and games, I’m present whether I’m present or not. It’s not fair, but that’s the system. What can I do about it?
Guy Finley|I hated waiting. If I had one particular complaint, it was that my life seemed composed entirely of expectation. I expected — an arrival, an explanation, an apology. There had never been one, a fact I could have accepted, were it not true that, just when I had got used to the limits and dimensions of one moment, I was expelled into the next and made to wonder again if any shapes hid in its shadows.
Chris  Cannon, Blackmail Boyfriend|Is there a problem? I mean, I wasn't expecting you, or anyone, tonight."Drew held out a hand to help her from the car, snatching it back when she got out on her own."There is a problem.""What?" He tensed. "Did M.J. come back? Is he giving you trouble?""I can handle my brother."Tyler moved closer. Drew stepped back, his eyes suddenly wary. Sighing she grabbed the front of his t-shirt, the fingers of her other hand threading through his thick, dark hair. Soft. She remembered the feel like it was yesterday. Her hope had been that he would as eager as she was. The attraction was still there, it was time to do something about it. Apparently he wasn't going to make this easy. So she did what she had all those years ago when he wouldn't make the first move—she kissed him first.Prime rib to a starving man. Ten years without even a taste, Drew couldn't help but devour her.The kiss was primal, out of control. Mouths seeking the angle after angle, tongues duelings. And the way Tyler tasted. Sweet and spicy and utterly delicious.In his dreams, he imagined this differently. Slower. He would show her how a man kissed as opposed to the boy he had been. One touch of her lips on his and all those grand plans flew out the window along with any common sense he ever possessed. Tyler was in his arms. Familiar yet new. He needed her and he was never letting go.Drew's hands went under the hem of her shirt slowly sliding up her smooth, hot skin. He could feel the erotic combination of vulnerability and strength in the subtle muscles of her back. She had filled out, they both had. He wanted to spend days discovering all the differences then start all over again, just in case he missed something the first time.The kiss was neverending though the desperation, instead of lessening, scaled higher. He could lift her into his arms, carry her into the house, rip every scrap of clothing from her delicious body and fuck for hours.Fuck. Well, fuck.The word wasn't exactly a bucket of cold water, the desperate heat running through his veins needed more than that. But it did lift the haze. If he didn't stop this right now, there would be no turning back."Tyler."The word sounded foreign, all guttural. His voice was hoarse with passion and his body was calling every swear word known to man. Why are you stopping? Beautiful woman. Willing. Her hands all over you. Right now she was reaching between his legs. The first caress was almost his undoing. It felt so good, so right. No could touch him like Tyler.The sexual haze enveloped him again. Don't fight it, his body urged. Feel her lips on your jaw, your neck. God. Her teeth biting your earlobe. That alone brought him close to going over the top. Damn his good intentions. Talking was way overrated. Pulling her in until their bodies were flush and he could feel every long, luscious inch of her—plastered against him. Drew was going in for another kiss when her words did what his own reasoning couldn't. It wasn't a bucket of cold water, it was a fire hose—turned on full blast."Fuck me, Drew. Right here, up against my car. Let's get this thing done, once and for all.
Jeffrey A.  White, A Blueness I Could Eat Forever|Whenever you feel insignificant,remember that you can makea significant differencein the lives of others,particularly the less fortunate.
Sheeja Jose|If you wait for God to descend to earth and save youfrom your fuck ups, you will be waiting until youdrop dead.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Let us be about setting high standards for life, love, creativity, and wisdom. If our expectations in these areas are low, we are not likely to experience wellness. Setting high standards makes every day and every decade worth looking forward to.
Phillip C. McGraw|You're FAT - and don't try to sugarcoat it, because you'll just eat that, too.
Debasish Mridha|Even though storms will come, never fear to bloom.
Parker J. Palmer, A Hidden Wholeness: The Journey Toward an Undivided Life|For the liquor of Miss Amelia has a special quality of its own. It is clean and sharp on the tongue, but once down a man it glows inside him for a long time afterward. And that is not all. It is known that if a message is written with lemon juice on a clean sheet of paper there will be no sign of it. But if the paper is held for a moment to the fire then the letters turn brown and the meaning becomes clear. Imagine that the whisky is the fire and that the message is that which is known only in the soul of a man – then the worth of Miss Amelia's liquor can be understood. Things that have gone unnoticed, thoughts that have been harbored far back in the dark mind, are suddenly recognized and comprehended. A spinner who has thought only of the loom, the dinner pail, the bed, and then the loom again – this spinner might drink some on a Sunday and come across a marsh lily. And in his palm he might hold this flower, examining the golden dainty cup, and in him suddenly might come a sweetness keen as pain. A weaver might look up suddenly and see for the first time the cold, weird radiance of midnight January sky, and a deep fright at his own smallness stop his heart. Such things as these, then, happen when a man has drunk Miss Amelia's liquor. He may suffer, or he may be spent with joy – but the experience has shown the truth; he has warmed his soul and seen the message hidden there.
Gary Chapman, Growing Up Social: Raising Relational Kids in a Screen-Driven World|He'd made a name for himself out there in the world beyond not just in spite of the distinctly unfashionable persona he presented, but, perhaps, BECAUSE of it.
Kenneth Patrick Ruscio|I wish for you a more difficult life, somewhere in the complicated center, where the courage of your convictions blends with humility and respect for others.
G.K. Chesterton|But these people _announced_ their madness . . . they flaunted their insanity, they weren't half mad and half not, curled around a door frame. They were properly mad in the Shakespearean sense, talking sense when you least expected it.
Douglas Everett|There are some people who live in a dream world, and some who face reality; and then there are those who turn one into the other.
Gary   Hopkins|Even an expert has room to improve, grow and learn a little more. All the great masters teach this. For this reason, never allow an expert’s ‘opinion’ to limit you in any way, whether it is with your intellect, accomplishments or illness and disease
Charles  Hart, The Phantom of the Opera: Piano/Vocal|Of all that I have possessed in my life, my memories are the only things remaining to me. Indeed, I believe that memories are the only real treasure any human can hope to hold always.
David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary|Love me less,but love me for a long time.
Anonymous|When my wife was asked  "Do you take this man for richer or poorer . . ." she answered  "For richer."
Xinxin Ming|When you die, you want to die a beautiful death. But what makes for a beautiful death is not always clear. To die without suffering, to die without causing trouble to others, to die leaving behind a beautiful corpse, to die looking good -- it's not clear what is meant by a beautiful death. Does a beautiful death refer to the way you die or the condition of your corpse after death? This distinction is not clear. And when you start to stretch the image of death to the method of how to dispose of your corpse as befitting your image of death, everything grows completely out of hand.
Adam Smith, The Theory of Moral Sentiments|If I had to write a book on morality, it would have a hundred pages and ninety-nine would be blank. On the last page I should write: "I recognize only one duty, and that is to love.
Rabindranath Tagore|Those who wish to sit, shut their eyes,and meditate to know if the world's true or lies,may do so. It's their choice. But I meanwhilewith hungry eyes that can't be satisfiedshall take a look at the world in broad daylight.
Chinua Achebe|As civilization advances, poetry almost necessarily declines.
Angel L. Woodz|I lick my lips as I take her in; she’s an enigma. Earlier as I watched her I was sure I had her pegged; pretty, rich, party girl, slightly shy but up for some fun. With my profile of her character in mind I had felt in control. Now that she’s surprised me my grasp on control feels looser. I don’t know what to expect from her and it leaves me feeling off kilter.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|The wonderful, beautiful thing that happens when you rid yourself of the things that don’t see your worth? You make space in your life for all the glorious things you deserve.
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|If you want to know if someone is lying to you, start by living a truthful life. Once you live in the truth, you will not be easily deceived.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|Of course, competition against others is there, but it should serve to challenge you. To show you how well other people are competing against themselves.
Michael Makai, The Warrior Princess Submissive|Grip had been hungry ever since the first youthful spots on his sheets. Wanting to try what others only fantasized about, finding his way to the fearless ones who laughed back, the ones who also wanted it. Games with new positions had started before the end of adolescence. Later: bruises, leather straps, and candles—anything that excited—on airplanes, in hotel elevators with the emergency stop button pushed.
Xun Kuang|My first true lesson in writing came from Mr. Bowden when I was 16. At my high school, he was the teacher known to be the very best at literature and writing.
Marilynne Robinson, Housekeeping|AGE DIFFERENCEWhat if I told you that one day you will meet a girl who is unlike anyone else you've known. She will know all the right things to say, what makes you laugh, what turns you on, what drives you wild and best of all, you will do for her exactly what she does for you."When will I meet her?"Well let's put it this way, she doesn't even exist yet.
Naomi Stadlen, What Mothers Do: especially when it looks like nothing|Listen, ah don't wanna speak ill of the dead but have ah told you that mah mother was a great whopping whale of a cunt? Well she was precisely that - a great whopping whale of a hog's cunt with a dirty maggot for a brain.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|What are we doing here? Has something gone wrong?”“Oh no, Ron,” came Fred’s voice, very sarcastically. “No, this is exactly where we wanted to end up.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|It is one thing to know what should be done, it is another to do it.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We are all the construction of a story and it is only at the end that we can assess the value of the plot. ("Everybody his story")
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|Irony is about contradictions that do not resolve into larger wholes, even dialectically, about the tension of holding incompatible things together because both or all are necessary and true. Irony is about humour and serious play. It is also a rhetorical strategy and a political method, one I would like to see more honoured within socialist-feminism.
Abu Bakr|It is possible to fly without motors, but not without knowledge and skill.
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|Everyone who tells a story tells it differently, just to remind us that everybody sees it differently. Some people say there are true things to be found, some people say all kinds of things can be proved. I don't believe them. The only thing for certain is how complicated it all is, like string full of knots. It's all there but hard to find the beginning and impossible to fathom the end. The best you can do is admire the cat's cradle, and maybe knot it up a bit more.
George Burns, Doctor Burns' Prescription for Happiness|Money is the root of all evil.' Then we hear, 'A fool and his money are soon parted.' What are they talking about? If money is so evil, shouldn't it be, 'A wise man and his money are soon parted'? And another thing, how does a fool get money in the first place? I know some fools who have a lot of money, but they won't tell me how they got it, and I won't tell them.
Debasish Mridha|To transform mankind into a joyful garden, let us bloom like a spring flower.
Jason Chase|A grandfather was walking through his yard when he heard his granddaughter repeating the alphabet in a tone of voice that sounded like a prayer. He asked her what she was doing. The little girl explained: "I'm praying  but I can't think of exactly the right words  so I'm just saying all the letters  and God will put them together for me  because He knows what I'm thinking."
RVM|I am the Richest man on earth because I am the Happiest man on earth. After all, isn’t Happiness the Greatest Wealth in Life?
William Strunk Jr., The Elements of Style|He things we think he's a double agent, working for them but secretly working for us. He doesn't know we know he's a triple agent, working for them but secretly working for us but really he's secretly working for them. Dexter, how's your brain?""Hurting.
Brian Randleas Harmony|Although life and I are not always in love with each other, we do remain on close speaking terms.
Amy Lukavics, The Women in the Walls|Dread is the first and the strongest types of fear. It is that tension, that waiting that comes when you know there is something to fear but you have not yet identified what it is. The fear that comes when you first realize that your spouse should have been home an hour ago; when you realize that a window you are sure you closed is now open, the curtains billowing, and you're alone in the house.Terror only comes when you see the thing you're afraid of. The intruder is coming at you with a knife. The headlights coming toward you are clearly in your lane. The Klansmen have emerged from the bushes and one of them is holding a rope. This is when all the muscles of your body, except perhaps the sphincters, tauten and you stand rigid; or you scream; or you run. There is a frenzy to this moment, a climactic power-but it is the power of release, not the power of tension. And bad as it is, it is better than dread in this respect: Now, at lest, you know the face of the thing you fear. You know its borders, its dimensions. You know what to expect.Horror is the weakest of all. After the fearful thing has happened, you see its remainder, its relics. The grisly, hacked-up corpse. Your emotions range from nausea to pity for the victim. And even your pity is tinged with revulsion and disgust; ultimately you reject the scene and deny its humanity; with repetition, horror loses its ability to move you and, to some degree, dehumanizes the victim and therefore dehumanizes you. As the sonderkommandos in the death camps learned, after you move enough naked murdered corpses, it stops making you want to weep or puke. You just do it. They've stopped being people to you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Joy is the best companion, virtue is the noblest acquaintance, wisdom is the cleverest friend, and love is the kindest soul mate.
Gail Carriger, Soulless|Highland werewolves had a reputation for doing atrocious and highly unwarranted *things*, like wearing smoking jackets to the dinner table.
Corita Kent|Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity, or registering wrongs.
daystar721|And sometimes it doesn't matter how hard you try, how persuasive you can be, how much skill you have... you can't have everything. Sometimes you just can't win.""No. Sometimes you don't win." He gets to his feet, and Red stands beside him. "But I'll be damned if that's going to stop me from trying.
Bill Owens|Leadership is getting players to believe in you. If you tell a teammate you're ready to play as tough as you're able to, you'd better go out there and do it. Players will see right through a phony. And they can tell when you're not giving it all you've got.
John Zogby, The Way We'll Be: The Zogby Report on the Transformation of the American Dream|AN IMPERIALIST POWER THAT ACTS ON ITS OWN REGARDLESS OF WHAT THE REST OF THE WORLD THINKS. 18–29 30–49 50–64 65+ Improper/Somewhat improper 86% 73 69 67 Somewhat proper/Proper 3 13 20 17 No other group we studied—not Democrats generally, not self-described progressives or libertarians, not readers of The New York Times—had a greater spread between the two extremes.
Larry McMurtry|You will recognize your own path when you come upon it, because you will suddenly have all the energy and imagination you will ever need.
Stephen King|God will bring you a gift. However, it is up to you to stop shaking the same box and expecting something wonderful will fall out of it again. After a while, you are going to break that box and it won't remind you of that moment when it meant everything to you.
Ann Aguirre, Killbox|We're broken in complementary ways, thus rendering our damage comprehensible to each other.
Richelle Mead, Silver Shadows|I knew I sounded hysterical, and Adrian’s calmness only drove that home. “I think I have an idea,” he said. “An idea that’ll get us some hardcore protection … but I don’t know how you’ll feel about it.”“I’m open to anything,” I assured him.He hesitated a moment and gave a decisive nod. Then, to my complete and utter astonishment, he got down on his knees before me and clasped my hands in his. “Sydney Katherine Sage,” he said, his green eyes full of love and earnestness. “Would you do a brooding, deadbeat Moroi the honor of being his wife?
Laura     Miller, By Way of Accident|But kind of like when you move something on a wall after it’s been there for a long time, and its place is bright but everything around it is faded—that’s how I feel about her. She wasn’t there very long, but when she left, everything around her memory sort of dimmed.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With extra patient, realities will enfold.
Al Gore|The markets in the long run are no doubt driven by fundamental economic laws—if the United States runs a persistent trade deficit, the dollar will eventually plummet—but in the short run money flows less rationally. Fear and, to a lesser extent, greed are what make money move.
Ray Romano|I grew up watching my dad scout games live. They played on Saturday. Sometimes they wouldn't get the films until Monday. Sunday air shipping from wherever the college team was located - Starkville, Mississippi, or wherever the film was coming from. It took two days.
Thomas Henry Huxley, Agnosticism and Christianity and Other Essays|Agnosticism, in fact, is not a creed, but a method, the essence of which lies in the rigorous application of a single principle. That principle is of great antiquity; it is as old as Socrates; as old as the writer who said, 'Try all things, hold fast by that which is good'; it is the foundation of the Reformation, which simply illustrated the axiom that every man should be able to give a reason for the faith that is in him, it is the great principle of Descartes; it is the fundamental axiom of modern science. Positively the principle may be expressed: In matters of the intellect, follow your reason as far as it will take you, without regard to any other consideration. And negatively: In matters of the intellect, do not pretend that conclusions are certain which are not demonstrated or demonstrable. That I take to be the agnostic position, which if a man keep whole and undefiled, he shall not be ashamed to look the universe in the face, whatever the future may have in store for him.The results of the working out of the agnostic principle will vary according to individual knowledge and capacity, and according to the general condition of science. That which is unproved today may be proved, by the help of new discoveries, tomorrow. The only negative fixed points will be those negations which flow from the demonstrable limitation of our faculties. And the only obligation accepted is to have the mind always open to conviction.That it is wrong for a man to say he is certain of the objective truth of a proposition unless he can provide evidence which logically justifies that certainty. This is what agnosticism asserts and in my opinion, is all that is essential to agnosticism.
Dimebag Darrell|I love figuring out a stranger, sitting down and learning about their loves and struggles and everything. People are my jam.
Jonathan Raban|‎Books admitted me to their world open-handedly, as people for their most part, did not. The life I lived in books was one of ease and freedom, worldly wisdom, glitter, dash and style.
Stanisław Lem, Solaris|The night stared me in the face, amorphous, blind, infinite, without frontiers. Not a single start relieved the darkness behind the glass.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|You're not very nice," I say, grinning."You're one to talk.""Hey, I could be nice if I tried.""Hmm." He taps his chin. "Say something nice, then.""You're very good-looking."He smiles, his teeth a flash in this dark. "I like this 'nice' thing.
George MacDonald, The Princess and Curdie|The boy should enclose and keep, as his life, the old child at the heart of him, and never let it go. He must still, to be a right man, be his mother's darling, and more, his father's pride, and more. The child is not meant to die, but to be forever fresh born.
Anthony de Mello|People who work together will win, whether it be against complex football defenses, or the problems of modern society.
Richard Carlson, Don't Sweat the Small Stuff ... and it's all small stuff: Simple Ways to Keep the Little Things from Taking Over Your Life|It amazes me that we are all on Twitter and Facebook. By "we" I mean adults. We're adults, right? But emotionally we're a culture of seven-year-olds. Have you ever had that moment when are you updating your status and you realize that every status update is just a variation on a single request: "Would someone please acknowledge me?
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Only locks in life are what you think you know, but don’t. Accept your ignorance and try something new.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|Maybe," she said. "Maybe. But now you're making promises you might not be able to keep, and that's how people in love get very badly hurt.
Dan Chaon, Ill Will|What happened to us? It was a question that interested her. Most people seemed to believe that they were experts of their own life story. They had a set of memories that they strung like beads, and this necklace told a sensible tale. But she suspected that most of these stories would fall apart under strict examination--that, in fact, we were only peeping through a keyhole of our lives, and the majority of the truth, the reality of what happened to us, was hidden. Memories were no more solid than dreams...What happened to us? She drew smoke, considering the question. Was it possible that we would never really know? What if we were not, actually, the curators of our own lives?
Louise Penny|Sometimes doing what's right for your conscience is not always the most popular decision, but I can guarantee that in retrospect you won't regret the choice you made.
Nicola An, The Universe at Heartbeat|Oh Love, whenever I hear your name, I hear the heartbeat of every lifetime all at once. I feel the heartbeat of the universe the way I get extreme earthquake shocks but completely safe
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Essays, First Series|Why all this deference to Alfred, and Scanderbeg, and Gustavus? Suppose they were virtuous; did they wear out virtue?
Sarah Cross, Shadowhunters and Downworlders: A Mortal Instruments Reader|Art is a kind of magic. Creativity is mysterious, even to artists, who might be able to name their inspiration but can't always explain how their influences and experiences came together to create this new thing- this painting, this story, this song. If you break art down to its base elements, there's nothing miraculous about the letters of the alphabet or a drop of paint. But an artist can put those elements together to create something powerful, something that moves us and withstands the test of time. A work that no one but that artist could have imagined, let alone created.
Lisa Mangum, The Hourglass Door|In the darkness of night,Demons strut, taunting, goading.In the light of day,Angels sing glorious songs.In the time in between,We live our lives alone and searching.And sometimes, softly,You understand damnation.All is forgotten, all is lost,All but forgivenessAnd the memory of her kiss.
Tamra Davis|Even if I'm hormonal and I feel like I've got a couple pounds of water weight, I will never starve myself, I will never, ever go on a diet.
Brandon Sanderson, Firefight|As she’d left, I’d glanced at her gun.This time, when she’d pointed it at me, she’d flicked the safety on. If that wasn’t true love, I don’t know what was.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Love: Soulfully Inspiring You to Uncover the Essence of True Love That Exists, Within|Fearlessly use the power of your will & determination to go forth in life, strengthened.
Tecumseh|I feel like, big city or small town, you can relate to following your parents' footsteps or putting your own dreams on the back burner or vices that we get caught up in - that whole cycle. That's not just a small-town thing. That's a life thing.
George Lois|Theories cannot claim to be indestructible. They are only the plough which the ploughman uses to draw his furrow and which he has every right to discard for another one, of improved design, after the harvest.
George Carlin, Last Words|But when you're in front of an audience and you make them laugh at a new idea, you're guiding the whole being for the moment. No one is ever more him/herself than when they really laugh. Their defenses are down. It's very Zen-like, that moment. They are completely open, completely themselves when that message hits the brain and the laugh begins. That's when new ideas can be implanted. If a new idea slips in at that moment, it has a chance to grow.
Khang Kijarro Nguyen|It’s the great flaw of journalism. The more something happens, the less newsworthy it is.
Robert  Black|Losing from Champion is not that muchMournful,As Winning from Champion is,'PROUD AS PEACOCK'.
Robert A. Heinlein|It is an axiom in my mind, that our liberty can never be safe but in the hands of the people themselves, and that too of the people with a certain degree of instruction. This it is the business of the State to effect, and on a general plan.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|They emanate an essence of caring, love, and compassion towards the people they know, and generously extend their aura to the new people they encounter.
Alain de Botton, The News: A User's Manual|But no matter how much parents and grandparents may have sinned against the child, the man who is really adult will accept these sins as his own condition which has to be reckoned with. Only a fool is interested in other people's guilt, since he cannot alter it. The wise man learns only from his own guilt. He will ask himself: Who am I that all this should happen to me? To find the answer to this fateful question he will look into his own heart.
Robert Louis Stevenson, An Apology for Idlers|An intelligent person, looking out of his eyes and hearkening in his ears, with a smile on his face all the time, will get more true education than many another in a life of heroic vigils".
Tessa Dare, Romancing the Duke|Izzy was utterly convinced. Never mind Arabian horses, African cheetahs. No creature in the world could bolt so quickly as a rake confronted with the word "marriage". They ought to shout it out at footraces rather than using starting pi
Matsuri Hino, ヴァンパイア騎士 7|by the time you open your eyes, the world might have already changed.
Campbell Brown|We should never forget that Americans continue to advocate for individual liberty, equality and self-governance. We often step in when it's necessary to help countries in need. But our history needs no whitewashing. To attempt this does us a terrible disservice.
Brian Herbert, House Corrino|I don't teach lies, but I do not teach all I know is true.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Dear Ijeawele, or a Feminist Manifesto in Fifteen Suggestions|Mothering Oxymoron: Reminding the kids to not talk with food in their mouths, yet I have food in my mouth while trying to correct them in the moment.
Yotam Ottolenghi|Real food, I've found, is actually better than dieting.
Diana Rose Morcilla|Every journey has its own traveler. Every dream has its own dreamer. We are all belonged to a specific journey and dream. Some people are currently looking for it, some people are just figuring it out, some people are still lost, and to some they have finally found it.
David Suchet|My mother's death brought me to my knees. She was my hero, my role model, my very best friend. I spoke to her every single day of my life. I really tried hard when I grew up to make her proud of me.
Katherine Boo, Behind the Beautiful Forevers: Life, Death, and Hope in a Mumbai Undercity|Much of what was said did not matter, and that much of what mattered could not be said.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|Many people implicitly believe in the Hydraulic Theory of Violence: that humans harbor an inner drive toward aggression (a death instinct or thirst for blood), which builds up inside us and must periodically be discharged. Nothing could be further from a contemporary scientific understanding of the psychology of violence. Aggression is not a single motive, let alone a mounting urge. It is the output of several psychological systems that differ in their environmental triggers, their internal logic, their neurobiological basis, and their social distribution.
M.R. Carey, The Girl with All the Gifts|Our only hope lies in our ability to recapture the revolutionary spirit and go into a sometimes hostile world declaring eternal hostility to poverty, racism, and militarism
Dante Alighieri, Purgatorio|Truly it is a blessed thing to love on earth as we hope to love in Heaven, and to begin that friendship here which is to endure for ever there.
Gala.J, Nakoma, a spirit's destiny|Let's look at one more quick example of modern evolution atwork. In the early 1800s, light-colored lichens covered many ofthe trees in the English countryside. The peppered moth was alight-colored insect that blended in unnoticeably with the lichens.Predators had great difficulty distinguishing the peppered mothfrom its background environment, so the moths easily survivedand reproduced. Then the Industrial Revolution came to the English country-side. Coal-burning factories turned the lichens a sooty black. Thelight-colored peppered moth became clearly visible. Most of themwere eaten. But because of genetic variation and mutation, a fewpeppered moths displayed a slightly darker color. These darkermoths were better able to blend in with the sooty lichens, and solived to produce other darker-colored moths. In little over a hun-dred years, successive generations of peppered moths evolvedfrom almost completely white to completely black. Natural selec-tion, rather than "random accident," guided the moth's evolution-ary progress.
Plato|This is the power of gathering: it inspires us, delightfully, to be more hopeful, more joyful, more thoughtful: in a word, more alive.
Cormac McCarthy, Blood Meridian, or the Evening Redness in the West|Now the son whose father's existance in this world is historical and speculative even before the son has entered it in a bad way. All his life he carries before him the idol of a perfection to which he can never attain. The father dead has euchered his son of his patrimony. For it is the death of the father to which the son is entitled and to which he is heir, more than his goods.He will not hear of the small mean ways that tempered the man in life. He will not see him struggling in follies of his own devising. No. The world which he inherits bears him false witness. He is broken before a frozen god and he will never find his way.
Marcel Proust|The inertia of the mind urges it to slide down the easy slope of imagination, rather than to climb the steep slope of introspection.
Daniel Cormier|Bottom line: If you can't spare some time to give your employees the chance to wow you, you'll never get the best from them.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|The brain is machine which collects data, use it to collect data. Then use that data for a purpose!
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|Any religion which uses the words such as hell, fire, curse, burning, amputating can never be a religion of love because a religion of love must only use the language of love, must only use only the sweet words of affection, not the words of darkness and torture!
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|Peace is just around the corner, the only problem is the world is round! (created this on 9-11-01 after the WTC crash.)
Sylvia Clare, Trusting Your Intuition: Rediscover Your True Self to Achieve a Richer, More Rewarding Life|I like that: a little pressure on the understood boundaries of yourself. Sounded like something out of a self-awareness class, probably with yoga. See what kind of a pretzel you can tie yourself into and press on the understood... I was raving, if only to myself.
Tom Rachman, The Imperfectionists|If you look accurately into your life , it is full of fun and enjoyment.
J. K. Rowling|We are all murderers and prostitutes - no matter to what culture, society, class, nation one belongs, no matter how normal, moral, or mature, one takes oneself to be.
Isaac Asimov, I. Asimov|Once, when a religionist denounced me in unmeasured terms, I sent him a card saying, "I am sure you believe that I will go to hell when I die, and that once there I will suffer all the pains and tortures the sadistic ingenuity of your deity can devise and that this torture will continue forever. Isn't that enough for you? Do you have to call me bad names in addition?
Richard Russo, Nobody's Fool|The evil of technology was not technology itself, Lindbergh came to see after the war, not in airplanes or the myriad contrivances of modern technical igenuity, but in the extent to which they can distance us from our better moral nature, or sense of personal accountability.
Walker Percy|Christianity is not a doctrine, not, I mean, a theory about what has happened & will happen to the human soul, but a description of something that actually takes place in human life.
Raymond Carver, Where I'm Calling From: New and Selected Stories|But I can hardly sit still. I keep fidgeting, crossing one leg and then the other. I feel like I could throw off sparks, or break a window--maybe rearrange all the furniture.
Scott Spencer, A Ship Made Of Paper|On a ship that's made of paper, I would sail the seven seas. (Just to be with you.)
Georg Büchner, Dantons Tod|Once you've caught a glimpse of the cosmos through the back doors of your church, it doesn't seem like such a big deal to suggest to a sweet young couple that they quit sleeping with other people.
Ratish Edwards|It is not the small number of big decisions that we take but the large number of small decisions that we take in life, shapes our life.
L.R.W. Lee|Frustration is your belief that things should be different than they are. So, when frustrated, ask yourself 'what should be different?'. In the end, you will find things are the way they are, as a result of your choices. Accept responsibility and start making different choices. Your life will be more peaceful as a result.
Kathryn Fogleman, Tales of the Wovlen: The Dragon' Son|Lord, did he have the best smile. It was in turns sweet, seductive, and downright sexy. How could a man look so good without even seeming to try? Laith was charming, enticing, handsome, and fascinating.If she had to classify him, it would be sex-on-a-stick.
Joseph de Maistre, St Petersburg Dialogues: Or Conversations on the Temporal Government of Providence|You have neither the clout nor the experience to make a threat like that, Victor.
Adam Hamilton|We consider Christmas as the encounter, the great encounter, the historical encounter, the decisive encounter, between God and mankind. He who has faith knows this truly; let him rejoice.
Mary Roach, Spook: Science Tackles the Afterlife|It would be especially comforting to believe that I have the answer to the question, What happens when we die? Does the light just go out and that’s that—the million-year nap? Or will some part of my personality, my me-ness, persist? What will that feel like? What will I do all day? Is there a place to plug in my laptop?
Michael Ende, The Neverending Story|The difference was not that one was a pessimist and the other an optimist, it was that one's pessimism had led to an ethos of fear, and the other's pessimism had led to a noisy, fractious disdain for Everything-That-Was. One shrank, the other flailed. One toed the line, the other crossed it out. Much of the time they were at loggerheads, and because Willy found it so easy to shock his mother, he rarely wasted an opportunity to provoke an argument. If only she'd the wit to back off a little, he probably wouldn't have been so insistent about making his points. Her antagonism inspired him, pushed him into ever more extreme positions, and by the time he was ready to leave the house and go off to college, he had indelibly cast himself in his chosen role: as malcontent, as rebel, as outlaw poet prowling the gutters of a ruined world.
Jacqueline Novogratz|My first grade nun had instructed me that from those to whom much is given, much is expected. I was learning that this lesson had to be combined with Shakespeare's wisdom that one must 'to thine own self be true.' Add to this humility, empathy, a sense of curiosity, courage, and plain old hard work, and I was finally seeing the real path to leadership. Of course, humor is always a plus. (158)
Golda Poretsky|Sometimes you need a reminder that negative comments about your body aren’t even really about your body, they’re about society and our society’s wrongheaded and impossibly narrow definition of a “good” body. Your body didn’t do anything wrong. What’s fucked up about your body is not your body at all, but that your body has to live in a society that thinks it has a right to say fucked up things about your body.
Harry Lauder, Between You and Me|Tho' you're tired and weary, still journey on, Till you come to your happy abode,Where all the love you've been dreaming of,Will be there at the end of the road.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|The answer must be, I think, that the beauty and grace are performed whether or not we will or sense them. The least we can do is try to be there.
karan godara|It may take a lifetime for an individual to live, but it takes just under four seconds for the occupants of the Seville to live a collective life.
Toni Sorenson|If you think you are unworthy to pray, that thought is not coming from Jesus Christ. More than anything, He wants us to approach Heavenly Father, to have our prayers heard and answered.
A.E. Via|Day got back into bed and fully climbed on top of him, laying his head down on his chest. God laughed. “Uhh, sweetheart. You going to sleep like this?”“Yep. I’ve imagined sleeping like this for years,” Day said settling in comfortably.God kissed Day’s forehead and wrapped his arms around him, trying to calm his mind. Please don’t have a nightmare. Not tonight. Just let this night be perfect.
Miranda Hart|What is more important than the name is that people know that I really like acting, I enjoy it and I want people to know that I am serious. The name thing: I will always be L.L. Cool J.
Ian  Ayris, Abide With Me|Cos there's holes in this world,see. Holes. And the likes of Thommo, and Keith, and me, and Kenny, we just sort of fall through em. We weren't never bad kids, we just didn't have nothing to hold on to, that's all.
Sunday Adelaja|When you find out the field you were gifted, what you were created for, you will get guaranteed success
Kelly Bartlett, Encouraging Words for Kids|Love, my child, is a thing that every mother learns; it is not born with a baby, but made; and for eleven years, I have learned to love you as my son.
Miriam Toews, All My Puny Sorrows|A hopeless man is a very desperate and dangerous man, almost a dead man.
J. Paul Getty, How to Be Rich|She loves filming and taking photographs. I can imagine her making beautiful films in France or India or somewhere with a gorgeously colourful culture. She somehow reminds me of my favourite place in the world, she and Paris I can romanticize and immortalize in ceaseless poetry for the rest of my life.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|God didn´t bless me so I can backslide, He didn´t give me a status so that I can become a statue.
Pierre Marshesso, Double Life: The JFK Assassinations|As they say: A baking man will grasp at a hangman. Whoever gets the job will be dragged into the heat, forced to wear a massive pair of iron shoes, and frogmarched across the minefield at gunpoint.
Alexander Schmemann, For the Life of the World: Sacraments and Orthodoxy|Whether we "spiritualize" our life or "secularize" our religion, whether we invite men to a spiritual banquet or simply join them at the secular one, the real life of the world, for which we are told God gave his only begotten Son, remains hopelessly beyond our religious grasp.
Stuart McLean|We live through evolution ourselves, each of us, progressing through different apprehensions of the world, at each age forgetting the last age, every previous mind erased. We no longer see the same world at all.
I wrote it|Every book is a safe heaven, many people don't see it but I do.I see my chance to escape and be safe, I see the choice to stop or jump over the yelling, I see the key to help me get a better person.I see not different worlds, no, I see my universe.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Is it possible, in the final analysis, for one human being to achieve perfect understanding of another?We can invest enormous time and energy in serious efforts to know another person, but in the end, how close can we come to that person's essence? We convince ourselves that we know the other person well, but do we really know anything important about anyone?
Mason Cooley|Taste refers to the past, imagination to the future.
Geoff Colvin|In our own lives, we will try something new and, finding that it isn't easy for us, we conclude we don't have a talent for it.
C.S. Lewis, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader|As we enter the path of transformation, the most valuable thing we have working in our favor is our yearning.
Pablo Neruda|Tonight I can write the saddest lines.Write, for example,'The night is shatteredand the blue stars shiver in the distance.'The night wind revolves in the sky and sings.Tonight I can write the saddest lines.I loved her, and sometimes she loved me too.Through nights like this one I held her in my armsI kissed her again and again under the endless sky.She loved me sometimes, and I loved her too.How could one not have loved her great still eyes.Tonight I can write the saddest lines.To think that I do not have her. To feel that I have lost her.To hear the immense night, still more immense without her.And the verse falls to the soul like dew to the pasture.What does it matter that my love could not keep her.The night is shattered and she is not with me.This is all. In the distance someone is singing. In the distance.My soul is not satisfied that it has lost her.My sight searches for her as though to go to her.My heart looks for her, and she is not with me.The same night whitening the same trees.We, of that time, are no longer the same.I no longer love her, that's certain, but how I loved her.My voice tried to find the wind to touch her hearing.Another's. She will be another's. Like my kisses before.Her voide. Her bright body. Her inifinite eyes.I no longer love her, that's certain, but maybe I love her. Love is so short, forgetting is so long.Because through nights like this one I held her in my armsmy sould is not satisfied that it has lost her.Though this be the last pain that she makes me sufferand these the last verses that I write for her.
Peter Ackroyd, The House of Doctor Dee|There is a camaraderie that grows up among those who work with old books and old papers, largely, I suspect, because we understand that we are at odds with the rest of the world: we are travelling backwards, while all those around us are still moving forward.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Examples of fractals are everywhere in nature. They can be found in the patterns of trees, branches, and ferns, in which each part appears to be a smaller image of the whole. They are found in the branch-like patterns of river systems, lightning, and blood vessels. They can be seen in snowflakes, seashells, crystals, and mountain ranges. We can even see the holographic and fractal-like nature of reality in the structure of the Universe itself, as the clusters of galaxies and dark matter resemble the neurons in our brain, the mycelium network of fungi, as well as the network of the man-made Internet.
Debasish Mridha|In life, there is always something to feel wonderful about.
A.E. Samaan, From a "Race of Masters" to a "Master Race": 1948 to 1848|Past is PrologueThis book was written observing the premise that the seeds of Holocaust denial take root and prosper with misinformation. Clarity and transparency are imperative, as they leave no room for denial theories that would deprive the victims justice, or rob the living of a future. Generations of historians have enthusiastically gone about their craft knowing full well that 'he who owns the past, owns the future'. Improperly documented history, or more precisely, fraudulent versions of history not only deprive the victims of pasts injustices due recognition of their suffering, but also rob the living of a fair chance at a future free from the dangers of repeating past injustices.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|Loving you is loosing my soul,I was in a lost battle, Death at my door,A dog in a backyard feels for my pain,Beer in a broken bottle wet paint and rain.
Henry Ford|He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger.
Richard Tedor, Hitler's Revolution|Hitler scheduled joint plebiscites in Austria and Germany for April 10, 1938. Both populations voted on whether to incorporate the two countries into a single state. The people of Austria cast 99.73 percent of their ballots in favor of Anschluss with Germany. The Germans voted 99.08 percent for unification....On March 18. 1938, the German government notified the League of Nations that Austria had cancelled its affiliation. This international body, which had never manifest concern for the plight of the distressed little nation, now debated whether Germany was responsible for paying Austria's delinquent membership dues of 50,000 Swiss francs from January 1 to March 13. This ended the chain of circumstances leading to the unification of Hitler's homeland with the German Reich, an event known to history as "the rape of Austria.
Dave Barry|I've always wanted to be a journalist, but what am I going to do? Write articles about which movie star had the fat sucked from her ass and injected into her face? Which professional athlete just confessed to shooting steroids? The last celebrity baby names?" Cara lowered both brows in frustration. "Who cares?
Adria Arjona|I'm fascinated by the idea of disparate, difficult people learning to trust each other when they're thrust into hellish circumstances.
Steve Maraboli|When we look back into our lives we see that our life is but a collection, a collage of these moments which take the shape of images, images which lower our spirits, images which inspire, images which help us remember the people that have come along our way, touched us and silently left, images that go on to become memories and leave a lasting impression as long as we are here, as long as we are here to be.
John Phillips|I wish I had it in my power to furnish you with accommodation I should feel proud to do it, shall be happy to hear from you at anytime when you engagements will allow you an hour and remain with best wishes for yourself, family and circuit.
Rae Hachton, Frankie's Monster|For there has never been a story nearly as tragic as the one of Frankenstein, except for that of Johnny Heart and his Francesca Valentine.
L. G. Estrella|And suddenly, the earth was an alien place, and she a voyager without sure destination.
Scott Adams|I would like nuclear fusion to become a practical power source. It would provide an inexhaustible supply of energy, without pollution or global warming.
M.B. Dallocchio, The Desert Warrior|In movies, war only looks romantic. “Tell my gal I love her…” close-up shot, and fade out. It doesn’t work as beautifully and neat in real life. Flying chunks of human flesh and screaming orphans really put that Hollywood take into perspective and there is nothing clean or sterile about any of it. When people die, it’s fucking horrible.
Aayush Jain|Behind every successful innovation, was a presentation in a closed room
Jenny Holiday, The Miss Mirren Mission|Celeste grabbed his arm. “You see, you are running away from the truth. Why won’t you talk about it?”“Take your hands off me. Now.”She had gone too far. She knew it would be insane to push him further, but she knew with certainty that was exactly what she was going to do. Celeste tilted her head and met his stormy eyes. “No.
Justin Cronin, The Passage|What strange places our lives can carry us to, what dark passages.
Tony Parsons, Man and Boy|A man and wife should see the best in each other, should work together, should enjoy each other.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty, Phenomenology of Perception|The world is inseparable from the subject, but from a subject which is nothing but a project of the world, and the subject is inseparable from the world, but from a world which the subject itself projects.
Irving Stone|I glanced over, he was still looking at me. ''Uh... do you need something?''''No.''''Oh, okay.''''It's just...'' he leaned in, ''...you have an onion ring taped to your back.''''...Excuse me?''''There is a ring of onion applied to you back with an adhesive strip.''I searched his eyes, he seemed amused, but sincere.My hand flew to my back with a look of horror and there it was, with ketchup and everything.
Belsebuub|It doesn't matter what you think about consciousness, higher truths, or different dimensions - it's what you do and what you are that counts.
T.L. Swan|The best way to deal with your past is not to avoid thinking about it or trying to forget it, but to accept it happened, forgive yourself and move on.
Stephenie Meyer, New Moon|Before you, Bella, my life was like a moonless night. Very dark, but there were stars, points of light and reason. ...And then you shot across my sky like a meteor. Suddenly everything was on fire; there was brilliancy, there was beauty. When you were gone, when the meteor had fallen over the horizon, everything went black. Nothing had changed, but my eyes were blinded by the light. I couldn’t see the stars anymore. And there was no more reason, for anything.
Katlyn Charlesworth, A Thousand Deaths|He is not a man wedded to action, Boleyn, but rather a man who stands by, smirking and stroking his beard; he thinks he looks enigmatic, but instead he looks as if he's pleasuring himself.
Chris Dee, Polishing Silver: The Journal of Alfred Pennyworth|They are married, after all, in every way that matters. The difficulty is that they appear not to have noticed. And one is somewhat wary, given the history, of bringing that fact to their attention.
John Wooden|What does matter is that you understand this one great truth I have learned in my life: having knowledge, even at the expense of leaving the Garden, has been worth it. For it is through this great gift of knowledge that I have understood something of the Creator's power - yes, even the Creator's love. Out of what seemed punishment, came a great good; out of physical pain, all of you have emerged. The pain has been forgotten while the pleasure of your presence endures. Adam and I have known joy - how would we have tasted it had we not known its opposite, sorrow? And we have seen how darkness is dispelled when light arrives, night and day, after night and day. We never tire of it.
Andrew Marr|The remedy for speech that is false is speech that is true. This is the ordinary course in a free society. The response to the unreasoned is the rational; to the uninformed, the enlightened; to the straight-out lie, the simple truth.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|It’s your own personal statement of who you want to become, based on how you wish to be remembered.
Jill Telford, Walk Like a Giant|People say they walk on the shoulders of giants. True, but have you ever walked like one?
Marguerite Kaye, The Soldier's Rebel Lover|The Jock Upstart, is what Wellington calls - called me. A man who does not know his allotted place in the scheme of things.
Gray Scott|It was the labor movement that helped secure so much of what we take for granted today. The 40-hour work week, the minimum wage, family leave, health insurance, Social Security, Medicare, retirement plans. The cornerstones of the middle-class security all bear the union label.
Sophie Avett, 'Twas the Darkest Night (Darkest Hour Saga, #1)|Mrs. Pott's beady black eyes narrowed,"Do you know how many glass slippers I have to stitch when I get home? There's a Mad Hatter serenading a toaster as we speak. There could be mayhem wreaking havoc all over the love in New Gotham, granted what thankless ingrates you are. But here I am! I've taken a chance on you..
T.M.  Williams, Moonlight|He realized then that he’d never want to be with anyone else, he’d never want to be anywhere else, and he would surely crumble to ash if this woman walked out his life.
Jocelyn  Murray, The English Pirate|Next morning the not-yet-subsided sea rolled in long slow billows of mighty bulk, and striving in the Pequod's gurgling track, pushed her on like giants' palms outspread. The strong, unstaggering breeze abounded so, that sky and air seemed vast outbellying sails; the whole world boomed before the wind. Muffled in the full morning light, the invisible sun was only known by the spread intensity of his place; where his bayonet rays moved on in stacks. Emblazonings, as of crowned Babylonian kings and queens, reigned over everything. The sea was as a crucible of molten gold, that bubblingly leaps with light and heat.
Richard Tillotson, Acts of God While on Vacation|You are asking us to lie, Colonel?""I am asking you to omit. Surely, amidst the...the infinite gradations of human venality, that particular sin ranks low." The old man kneaded the folds of his throat. "What happened out there belongs out there. The jungle has it; let the jungle keep it...
Kenneth Eade, HOA Wire|Jail is more commonly-suited to those less-commonly able to finance a defense (or to potentially pander the prosecution). The choices for council is either a retained lawyer or, by default, a public defender. In the later of these two, the common title in jail was 'public pretender'.
Abraham Joshua Heschel, Moral Grandeur and Spiritual Audacity: Essays|The primary purpose of prayer is not to make requests. The primary purpose is to praise, to sing, to chant. Because the essence of prayer is a song, and man cannot live without a song. Prayer may not save us. But prayer may make us worthy of being saved.
Michael Erard, Babel No More: The Search for the World's Most Extraordinary Language Learners|One of the first things to understand was how people knew what language to speak to whom. Where I've lived in the American Southwest, choosing to speak English or Spanish based on how someone looks is risky. If you try English and they don't speak it, you can switch to Spanish if you know it. But if you start with Spanish, you might offend: 'You don't think I speak English?' This can be the case if you're Anglo, even if you speak Spanish very well and just heard the other person speaking Spanish. When I described such an scenario to Indians, they couldn't relate — to them, choosing the wrong language wasn't embarrassing or politically charged. Or so they said.
bell hooks|Fame is fun, money is useful, celebrity can be exciting, but finally life is about optimal well-being and how we achieve that in dominator culture, in a greedy culture, in a culture that uses so much of the world’s resources. How do men and women, boys and girls, live lives of compassion, justice and love? And I think that’s the visionary challenge for feminism and all other progressive movements for social change.
Debasish Mridha|I am the symbol of peace, I am the humanityI am the symbol of goodness I am the communityI am the symbol of changeI am the light in darknessI am the symbol of compassion I am the soul of kindnessI am the symbol of joyful futureI will bring brightnessI am the symbol of unity and harmonyI will bring happiness.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|He wasn't a great man, but he had a great life.
Franz Kafka, Letters to Milena|My Japanese isn’t much better today, but at least now I appreciate my duality more than when I was a punk kid.
Zoë Heller, What Was She Thinking? Notes on a Scandal|But about the drip drip of long-haul, no-end-in-sight solitude, they know nothing. They don't know what it is to construct an entire weekend around a visit to the laundrette. Or to sit in a darkened flat on Halloween night, because you can't bear to expose your bleak evening to a crowd of jeering trick-or-treaters. Or to have the librarian smile pityingly and say, ‘Goodness, you're a quick reader!’ when you bring back seven books, read from cover to cover, a week after taking them out. They don't know what it is to be so chronically untouched that the accidental brush of a bus conductor's hand on your shoulder sends a jolt of longing straight to your groin.
Virginia M. Sanders, Kiss Chronicles|When you begin to expect that there is always room for improvement, you put yourself in the driver’s seat. Why wait for someone else to figure it out or do it? Expect that you are the one. Expect great outcomes. Expect that you are the best candidate and that you will achieve your goals.
Chuck Norris|Altruism raises your mood because it raises your self-esteem, which increases happiness. Plus, giving to others gets you outside of yourself and distracts you from your problems.
Vasily Grossman, An Armenian Sketchbook|Right now I'm thinking a good deal about emancipation. One of our sins was slavery, another was emancipation. It's a paradox. In theory, emancipation was one of the glories of our democracy - and it was. But the way it was done led to tragedy, turning four million people loose with no jobs or trades or learning. And then in 1877 for a few electoral votes, just abandoning them entirely. A huge amount of pain and trouble resulted. Everybody in America is still paying for it.
Andy Rooney|If you smile when you are alone, then you really mean it.
John Lydon|True Scouts are the best friends of animals, for from living in the woods and wilds, and practising observation and tracking, they get to know more than other people about the ways and habits of birds and animals, and therefore they understand them and are more in sympathy with them.
Mario Teguh|Music is love, love is music, music is life, and I love my life. Thank you and good night.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|At the end of a miserable day, instead of grieving my virtual nothing, I can always look at my loaded wastepaper basket and tell myself that if I failed, at least I took a few trees down with me.
James Marcus Bach, Secrets of a Buccaneer-Scholar: How Self-Education and the Pursuit of Passion Can Lead to a Lifetime of Success|GREAT SECRET Whenever I’m learning something difficult, I keep expectations low, and aspirations high.
Santosh Kalwar|My first world is humanity. My second world is humanism. And, I live in the third world being merely a human.
Lady  Grey, All Her Starry Fates|My bottom is my deliquent daughter. I lavish praise upon her cheeks when she's well behaved and when she gets out of control, I pretend she isn't mine.
Edith Wharton, The House of Mirth|Little as she was addicted to solitude, there had come to be moments when it seemed a welcome escape from the empty noises of her life.
Leslie Anthony, Snakebit: Confessions of a Herpetologist|Most importantly, I'd learned how to question and why ("when" had never been an issue: always).
Michael Flynn|One recalls the literary writer who, after grasping a story of a Mars voyage as a metaphor for isolation and the precariousness of relationships, realized that at a deeper, more subtle level it might even be a story about an actual trip to Mars!
Bo-Young Kim, Clarkesworld Magazine, Issue 104|I always worried because whenever a drought struck, an accursed storm of blood always followed.
Bavia Dinesh|whenever i am in pain,i just think of watching your eye's in rain!
Kate Meader, Taking the Score|This pride of yours, it’s admirable as all get-out, but there has to come a point in your life where you admit you need a hand. Pain might be necessary, but suffering is optional. Are you going to let me be the fucking man here and help my woman?
Joan Collins|I've been fortunate enough to travel the world because of my career, but the downside has been spending long spells apart from my daughters.
Daniel Heller-Roazen, The Inner Touch: Archaeology of a Sensation|Darwin called such a process artificial, as opposed to natural, selection, but from the flower’s point of view, this is a distinction without a difference: individual plants in which a trait desired by either bees or Turks occurred wound up with more offspring.
Tracy Kidder, Good Prose: The Art of Nonfiction|To write a profound thought, I have to put myself onto a very special stratum, otherwise the ideas and words just don't come. I have to forget myself and at the same time be superconcentrated. But it's not a question of the will, it is a mechanism I can set in motion or not, like scratching my nose or doing a backward roll.
Michael Cunningham, A Home at the End of the World|How are you feeling, man?" he asks me."Great," I tell him, and it is purely the truth. Doves clatter up out of a bare tree and turn at the same instant, transforming themselves from steel to silver in the snow-blown light. I know at that moment that the drug is working. Everything before me has become suddenly, radiantly itself. How could Carlton have known this was about to happen? "Oh," I whisper. His hand settles on my shoulder."Stay loose, Frisco," he says. "There's not a thing in this pretty world to be afraid of. I'm here."I am not afraid. I am astonished. I had not realized until this moment how real everything is. A twig lies on the marble at my feet, bearing a cluster of hard brown berries. The broken-off end is raw, white, fleshly. Trees are alive."I'm here," Carlton says again, and he is.
Lawren Leo, Dragonflame: Tap Into Your Reservoir of Power Using Talismans, Manifestation, and Visualization|Creation and Free Will are constantly moving, hand in hand, like children traveling along a path full of impulses and inspirations.Through the use of the Dragonflame philosophy they become superior artistic beings able to enjoy and share the fruits of creative labor.
Lisa Kleypas, Cold-Hearted Rake|It's a sin.""How do you know?""Because it feels like one," she managed to say.He laughed quietly and pulled her hips farther toward him with a decisiveness that drew a little yelp from her. "In that case...I never sin by half measures.
Monica Johnson|There is a lot to celebrate about that little Babe who was laid in a manger. Christians celebrate Christmas because they are thankful for the promise of salvation, which was delivered in human flesh and named Jesus.
Greg Rutherford|I definitely try to eat a healthy diet, but I am the first person to say I love unhealthy food. I would never tell you I don't. I love fried chicken or mac and cheese. Do I order them all the time when I'm out at restaurants? No, though I do have one splurge meal a week.
Dada Bhagwan|Where you don’t see pure love, there is indeed no path to moksha [ultimate liberation] there. Where there is a fee, there is no pure love there!
Ezra Taft Benson|When our children obey the Lord and go to the temple to receive their blessings and enter into the marriage covenant, they enter into the same order of the priesthood that God instituted in the very beginning with father Adam.
Charmaine J. Forde|When we know that His plans are to prosper us and give us hope and future, we bow down at once to the blessing of pruning, knowing that the change that will take place in us, will take us places.
Azim Jamal & Brian Tracy|The closest analogy, the one her brain reached for and rejected and reached for again, was splashing into a lake. It was cold, but not cold. There was a smell, rich and loamy. The smell of growth and decay. She was aware of her body, the skin, the sinew, the curl of her gut. She was aware of the nerves that were firing in her brain as she became aware of the nerves firing in her brain. She unmade herself and watched herself being unmade. All the bacteria on her skin and in her blood, the virii in her tissues. The woman who had been Elvi Okoye became a landscape. A world. She fell farther in.
Jeff Goins, It's not too late|Discomfort is the sign, you are on right track.
Darwun St. James, T+E=C a formula for happiness|Don't Live in the Darkness of Fear, Abandon Fear and Live in Joy!
Augusten Burroughs|I liked his attention. But I also felt like there was something sick and wrong about it. Like it might make me sick later. I thought of my grandmother, my father's mother. How when I used to visit her in Georgia she would always let me eat all the cookies and frozen egg rolls I wanted. "Go ahead, sweetheart, there's more," she would say. And it seemed okay because she was a grown-up, and I wanted all the Chips Ahoy! cookies in the bag. But I always ended up feeling extremely sick afterward. I looked at book, his eyes swollen with emotion.
Hugh Lamb, Terror by Gaslight: More Victorian Tales of Terror|A word can change a mind, a sentence can change a life and a book can change the world.
Pierre-Augustin Caron de Beaumarchais, The Marriage of Figaro (Le Nozze Di Figaro): Vocal Score|Only one thing to it: a strong stomach. The guts to gladhand a man you're going to stab in the back; pledge allegiance to principles you stomp on every day; righteously denounce some despot in the press and sell him arms under the table. The talent to whip up the voters' worst passions while you seem to call on their highest instincts, and the sense to stay wrapped in the flag. That's politics: I'll take the simple life.
Raymond Carver, Where I'm Calling From: New and Selected Stories|You see, this happened a few months ago, but it's still going on right now, and it ought to make us feel ashamed when we talk like we know what we're talking about when we talk about love.
Rebecca O’Dwyer|The only person we have the right or the power to forgive is ourselves. For everything else, there is the Art of Acceptance.
Kathleen Hanna|My dear brother Barack Obama has a certain fear of free black men. As a young brother who grows up in a white context, brilliant African father, he's always had to fear being a white man with black skin. All he has known culturally is white. He has a certain rootlessness, a deracination.
Shayla Black, Theirs to Cherish|Do not worry, Rose. I do not bite unless you wish me to.
Muni Natarajan|Awareness can be controlled by the world or you can be in control of it. You have the choice. Who is in control, that's the question to keep asking yourself.
Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism|The most striking difference between the ancient and modern sophists is that the ancients were satisfied with a passing victory of the argument at the expense of truth, whereas the moderns want a more lasting victory at the expense of reality. In other words, one destroyed the dignity of human thought whereas the others destroy the dignity of human action. The old manipulators of logic were the concern of the philosopher, whereas the modern manipulators of facts stand in the way of the historian. For history itself is destroyed, and its comprehensibility—based upon the fact that it is enacted by men and therefore can be understood by men—is in danger, whenever facts are no longer held to be part and parcel of the past and present world, and are misused to prove this or that opinion.
Arthur Machen|I turn away and stare through the window at the field where the scotch broom creeps yellow as hell toward my doorstep. Six years and it has advanced from the hinterlands to the picket fence in the back yard. Six more years and it will have chewed this house to the foundation, braided my bones in its hair.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|Socialism needs to pull down wealth; liberalism seeks to raise up poverty. Socialism would destroy private interests, Liberalism would preserve [them] ... by reconciling them with public right. Socialism would kill enterprise; Liberalism would rescue enterprise from the trammels of privilege and preference. Socialism assails the preeminence of the individual; Liberalism seeks ... to build up a minimum standard for the mass. Socialism exalts the rule; Liberalism exalts the man. Socialism attacks capitalism; Liberalism attacks monopoly.
Karen Maitland, Company of Liars|Rain slips through your fingers as easily as words blow away in the wind, and yet it has the power to destroy your whole world.
Loretta Young|A horse is the projection of peoples' dreams about themselves - strong, powerful, beautiful - and it has the capability of giving us escape from our mundane existence.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|You do understand that I must find a way to return to Olympus,” I said. “This will probably involve many harrowing trials with a high chance of death. Can you turn down such glory?”“Yeah, I’m pretty sure I can. Sorry.”I pursed my lips. It always disappointed me when mortals put themselves first and failed to see the big picture—the importance of putting me first—but I had to remind myself that this young man had helped me out on many previous occasions
Doris Kearns Goodwin, No Ordinary Time: Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt: The Home Front in World War II|If he could not go out into the world, the world could come to him.
AC/DC|It's under my skin but out of my hands (Tears for Fears - Womain in Chains, 1992)
L.J. Kentowski, Seeker of Fate|Breathing heavily near his ear as he rested his head next to mine, I whispered, “I wish we could stay this way forever.”“You only need to say the word, and I would take you away from all of this. We could make love for eternity. I can be very creative, Cassandra.
Rick Steves, Travel as a Political Act|As a traveler, I've often found that the more a culture differs from my own, the more I am struck by its essential humanity.
Stephen King, 11/22/63|... it would matter ... to the tens of thousands of young Americans ... who would ... be invited to put on uniforms, fly to the other side of the world, spread their nether cheeks, and sit down on the big green dildo that was Vietnam.
Osho|respect life,revere life.there is nothing more holy than life,nothing more divine than life.
Duane Michals|Photography is essentially an act of recognition by street photographers, not an act of invention. Photographers might respond to an old man’s face, or an Arbus freak, or the way light hits a building—and then they move on. Whereas in all the other art forms, take William Blake, everything that came to that paper never existed before. It’s the idea of alchemy, of making something from nothing.
Gabriel Marcel|The principle of the endless melody is the perpetual becoming of a music that never had any reason for starting, any more than it has any reason for ending.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|I fall in love with Paraíso. It’s like a giant playground where I’m never scolded for running around recklessly, where I’m almost overwhelmed with the amount of attention and love I receive from Mami’s family. In New York, I’m invisible.
Emma Jane Unsworth|In the quantum multiverse all eventualities are possible. Which means, paradoxically, that all eventualities are inevitable. They have also quite possibly already happened. Make of that what you will, not that your will has much to do with it. Because here's the thing. If you believe that consciousness is an accumulation of memory; if you believe that you often know what's going to occur either through some animal instict or a human subscription to fate, then you are a walking and talking embodiment of everything happening all at once.
Bertrand Russell, Sceptical Essays|Intellectually, what is stimulating to a young man is a problem of obvious practical importance. A young man learning economics, for example, ought to hear lectures from individualists and socialists, protectionists and free-traders, inflationists and believers in the gold standard. He ought to be encouraged to read the best books of the various schools, as recommended by those who believe in them. This would teach him to weigh arguments and evidence, to know that no pinion is certainly right, and to judge men by their quality rather than by their consonance with preconceptions.
Cassandra Clare|I'm here because she's here, and she belongs to me. ~Rephaim
A.J. Mendez Brooks, Crazy Is My Superpower:  How I Triumphed by Breaking Bones, Breaking Hearts, and Breaking the Rules|I knew my value because the world seemed to be denying it, and that just made me want to prove it even more.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Do not let your hearts be overwhelmed by adversity. May you have the strength, hope and courage to overcome the situation.
Michelle Cohen Corasanti, The Almond Tree|Courage, I realised, was not the absence of fear: it was the absence of selfishness; putting someone else's interest before one's own.
John O'Donohue|Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods, get plenty of exercise and maintain a healthy lifestyle.
E.H. Aitken|There can be no question that parrots have more intellect than any other kind of bird, and it is this that makes them such favourite pets and brings upon them so many sorrows. ...Men will buy them ... and carry them off to all quarters of the native town, intending, I doubt not, to treat them kindly; but "the tender mercies of the wicked are cruel", and confinement in a solitary cell, the discipline with which we reform hardened criminals, is misery enough to a bird with an active mind, without the superadded horrors of ... life in a tin case, hung from a nail in the wall of a dark shop... Why does the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals never look into the woes of parrots?...However happy you make her captivity, imagination will carry her at times to the green field and blue sky, and she fancies herself somewhere near the sun, heading a long file of exultant companions in swift career through the whistling air. Then she opens her mouth and rings out a wild salute to all parrots in the far world below her.
Surgeo Bell|Fellas stop being blinded by the big asses and cute faces. Some men are so concern in having a “bad bitch” where they end up broke, and miserable Becuz their busy trying to impress a bad bitch. A bad bitch will cheat on you a REAL WOMAN gone hold it down take care of her own and chase her goals an educated, strong woman, she’s not concerned about how much money you have although you should be on your shit yourself. STOP GOING FOR A WOMAN THAT ONLY JOB SHE HAS IS WAKING UP TO LOOK GOOD AND POST HER ASS ON SOCIAL MEDIA AND THEN GOING BACK TO SLEEP!
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|In wars amongst ideas, doubters are the victims.
Graham Greene, The Heart of the Matter|He couldn't tell that this was one of those occasions a man never forgets: a small cicatrice had been made on the memory, a wound that would ache whenever certain things combined - the taste of gin at mid-day, the smell of flowers under a balcony, the clang of corrugated iron, an ugly bird flopping from perch to perch.
Srividya Srinivasan|There should be a measure for happiness or sadness, like the width of your smile, the twinkle in your eyes, the depth of your laughter or the salt of your tears.
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|Lift your hips for me, love.
Charles Stross, Accelerando|When compared side by side, my days can barely be distinguished from one another. The only difference is what I do after work and with whom I do it.
Eugene H. Peterson, Eat This Book: A Conversation in the Art of Spiritual Reading|In a system of full capitalism, there should be (but, historically, has not yet been) a complete separation of state and economics, in the same way and for the same reasons as the separation of state and church.
Morgan Rhodes, Rebel Spring|Some are born mad, some achieve madness, and some have madness thrust upon 'em.
Wendell Berry, Given|How to be a Poet (to remind myself)Make a place to sit down. Sit down. Be quiet. You must depend upon affection, reading, knowledge, skill—more of each than you have—inspiration work, growing older, patience, for patience joins time to eternity… Breathe with unconditional breath the unconditioned air. Shun electric wire. Communicate slowly. Live a three-dimensional life; stay away from screens. Stay away from anything that obscures the place it is in. There are no unsacred places; there are only sacred places and desecrated places. Accept what comes from silence. Make the best you can of it. Of the little words that come out of the silence, like prayers prayed back to the one who prays, make a poem that does not disturb the silence from which it came.
Cindy Busby|Teachers are not supposed to be repositories of information which they dish out. That is from an age when there were no other repositories of information, other than books or teachers, neither of which were portable. A lot of my big task is retraining these teachers.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|Because in a small dark room, a broken child lies on a filthy bed and stares up at a high window. He waits for me, too.And I—I who have failed at everything and have failed everyone—I must not, I cannot, I will not fail him.
E.M. Forster, The Longest Journey|There are things that money can't buy, things like fresh youth to replace the one you've hardly been aware of, things like lost opportunities which might conceivably have led to nothing, but which on the other hand might have led to fulfillment and serenity and new lives and passionate involvement. (Along, of course, with disinheritance!) And human nature being what it is this is the version you'll unquestionably believe.
Rachel Schieffelbein, Don't Fall|Being pursued, while easy, is purposeful. Intentional. Deliberate. It's not about getting a guy's attention--it's a process of ensuring that he's "the one." Of all the men holding glass slippers, he has to be your perfect fit.
Natasha Tsakos|To pass its threshold was to return to stagnation; to cross the silent hall, to ascend the darksome staircase, to seek my own lonely little room, and then to meet tranquil Mrs. Fairfax, and spend the long winter evening with her, and her only, was to quell wholly the faint excitement wakened by my walk,—to slip again over my faculties the viewless fetters of an uniform and too still existence; of an existence whose very privileges of security and ease I was becoming incapable of appreciating. What good it would have done me at that time to have been tossed in the storms of an uncertain struggling life, and to have been taught by rough and bitter experience to long for the calm amidst which I now repined! Yes, just as much good as it would do a man tired of sitting still in a “too easy chair” to take a long walk: and just as natural was the wish to stir, under my circumstances, as it would be under his.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|Again, we find that the space standards of twenty-first century luxury are below the required minimum for dockworkers in 1962.
Alfred Nobel|Tolkien came to regard the tale of Beren and Tinuviel as 'the first example of the motive (to become dominant in Hobbits) that the great policies of world history, "the wheels of the world", are often turned not by the Lords and Governors, even gods, but by the seemingly unknown and weak'. Such a worldview is inherent in the fairy-tale (and Christian) idea of the happy ending in which the dispossessed are restored to joy; but perhaps Tolkien was also struck by the way it had been borne out in the Great War, when ordinary people stepped out of ordinary lives to carry the fate of nations.
Tom Hodgkinson|The idea that a poem was a made thing stayed with me, and I decided then that I wanted to be an artist, not just a diarist. So I put myself through a kind of apprenticeship in writing poetry, and I understood even then that my practice as a poet was deeply related to my reading.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Be Your Best Without the Stress!Be the director and actor in your movie, called My Life.
Melissa Gilbert|We will see a breakdown of the family and family values if we decide to approve same-sex marriage, and if we decide to establish homosexuality as an acceptable alternative lifestyle with all the benefits that go with equating it with the heterosexual lifestyle.
Christine Warren, Stone Cold Lover|So this gargoyle you're looking for, she could imagine herself saying. It wouldn't happen to have freaky magical powers, or the ability to devour human souls, would it?
Pierce Brown, Morning Star|How could any boy know that freedom is lost the moment you become a man. Things start to count. To press in. Constricting slowly, inevitably, creating a cage of inconveniences and duties and deadlines and failed plans and lost friends.
AainaA-Ridtz|Find the Key ! Find the Key ! If you want to open the Doors of Heaven ! Without which, you can at best, look from outside, like the pauper looking in through the window at your food when hungry. Find the Key !
Andrena Sawyer|We were too greedy, grasping for immortality too soon. Perhaps if we had only been patient, content to wait, we would all have forever in the end.
