Bryan Adams|It is impossible to go through life without trust: that is to be imprisoned in the worst cell of all, oneself.
Françoise Meltzer|Indeed, woman can be a machine run wild, or a machine can be a better, more subjugated, and efficient woman.
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|Someone might as well roll up the whole sky, pack it away for good.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|When it is time for religion to vanish from the face of earth upon having finished its service of psychological reinforcement to humanity, Mother Nature will make that happen one way or another.
Ocean R Stark|For what they make us feel. Like we belong."_ORS
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|Why did every human concern clog itself up in a tangle of routines, formalities, disciplines, imperatives? Why couldn’t one be free? Really free? Guarding one’s freedom, wasn’t freedom at all. Why couldn’t one win one’s freedom for good and all, and get on with life?
Juliana Loomer, Child of the Jotun|All have the ability to perceive and live in dimensional synthesis, yet they spend time with the sciences trying to separate these realms, splitting the worlds into minutia, seeking the god particle. They are searching high and low, 'out there', for the source of it all, but no matter how many accelerators they build, no matter how far they go, they will never find the source ‘out there’ because the source is within
Barbara Kingsolver, Animal, Vegetable, Miracle: A Year of Food Life|Look back upon winter with gratitude. Spring is the harvest of the darker months—everything you know starts to grow in darkness. Don't write and tell me that winter brought you only colds or the ubiquitous virus. Perhaps it did bring those (and to me as well). Who goes through the chilly months unscathed? But it also brought things not to be forgotten—silver moons and snow, brilliant under stars; it brought Christmas and a new year, and to each of us something happy, something unexpected, which was not another problem but a joy. For the pendulum swings; nothing is static; and the road, however long, does turn.
Marcus Sakey|It's like tossing a dart," he'd said. "There's nothing amazing about it. You throw and it sticks somewhere. But if you try and backtrack every factor that led there, the force of the throw and the angle and the air resistance, all of it had to be perfect, just exactly right, for it to end up where it did.
Anne Corlett, The Space Between the Stars|The taxi stand was only an open shelter, so I was freezing as I looked toward midtown. I could see the RCA building with its bright red logo at Rockefeller Center, and farther south, the Empire State Building with its illuminated set-backs. At the tip of Manhattan, the twin towers of the World Trade Center -- which were over 1,100 feet tall themselves -- flanked the mile-high Space Trylon. It was clear as well as cold, and as I looked toward Frank Lloyd Wright's masterpiece, it seemed to be poijnting to the stars. This, of course, was the idea, since it embodied the joint American-Soviet space exploration program that settled the Moon in 1955, and, twenty years later, Mars.
Israelmore Ayivor|Make a plural hey while the singular sun is up there. Not just the hey, but the best hey. Excellence should be your priority!
Dada Bhagwan|Where slightest of conflict exists, there is neither God nor Religion.
Alfred Tennyson|Forerun thy peers, thy time, and letThy feet, millenniums hence, be set In midst of knowledge, dream'd not yet.
George Bernard Shaw, Saint Joan|I read once, and I wished I could remember where, that Brave was a place. You could just go there if you wanted. There were dozens of Braves, everywhere, all over the world, where ordinary people stood up to tyranny and oppression.
Suzan Tisdale, Isle of the Blessed|Simon kissed me and I just stood there like someone had cut the cord between my brain and my muscles.Finally, the connection caught and I did kiss him, but awkwardly, some part of me still holding back, my gut twisting, like I was doing something wrong, making a huge mistake, and—Simon stopped. For a moment, he hovered there, face above mine, until I had to look
Cat Cora|My days in hostel were tough. I was ragged by my seniors. We were asked to wash their dirty clothes, do their odd jobs, etc. When it came to eating, we would be often given burnt rotis and milk that had awful odour. But, never once did I call home. I knew if I had to become a tough cricketer, I would have to handle the pressure.
|Most people forget that there is more to beauty than just one's physical appearance. Your physical beauty will inevitably age and fade away, but a beautiful heart won't.
Malcolm X|You get so used to being hit you find you're always waiting for it. (...) How can I say what it feels like? I don't know. I know everybody's in trouble and nothing is easy, but how can I explain to you what it feels like to be black when I don't understand it and don't want to and spend all my time trying to forget it? I don't want to hate anybody - but now maybe, I can't love anybody either - are we friends? Can we really be friends?
Bhavik Sarkhedi|Pinterest-Women love meSnapchat-Girls love meLinkedIn- Why are you ignoring me?Reddit-Chill, it's life. They don't even know me.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|A daring faith, a willing spirit.
Stephenie Meyer, New Moon|Forbidden to remember, terrified to forget; it was a hard line to walk.
Nenia Campbell, Cease and Desist|In my experience, the biggest reason people struggle to get where they want to be is guilt. Guilt that they have let someone down, and also guilt that they are about to leave someone they love ...behind.
Samantha Young, Darkness, Kindled|He fought his inner wuss and groaned, “Fine. Bait me up and show me the hook.
Kelly Corbet, Already Here: The Matter of Love|Left unstewarded, anger, resentment, fear, frustration—any form non-Love takes—can grow into all sorts of warfare, internal and external.
Manu Joseph, Serious Men|[Google is] an omnivorous collector of information, a hyperencyclopedic vault of human knowledge, an unerring auctioneer, an eerily skilful student of languages, behaviour, and desires.
Salil Jha, Naked Soul: The Erotic Love Poems|Love is the true state of the human heart. When we love, we unguard our hearts. We open ourselves up to the world with- out any restraint. When passion flows, desires stir, our earthy senses become dull, and our ethereal self becomes illumined. At this stage, we are naked, totally naked, with little or no covering of ego.
Lily Blake, Snow White & the Huntsman|I hold life sacred, even more since I’ve tasted freedom,... But I've lost my fear of death... But if you join me, I will gladly give my life for you. Because this land and its people have lost too much.
Ada Calhoun, Wedding Toasts I'll Never Give|Wherever you go, there you are. You would just have different problems. Are the problems you have now so bad that any other problems would be better?
Robert  Black|SEXPussy, pussy, pussy.Cock, cock, cock.Ass, ass, ass.The games we play.No, no, no, makes us obsessed to the point of insanity.Yes, yes, yes, makes us superior to the point of cruelty.It's just a fuck, after all.
Sam Harris|If there is any kernel of truth in the religions we so deplore,and they are just a carnival of errors,the truth is that it's possible to sink into the present moment in such a way as to find it sacred and to cease to have a problem.
Bill Maher|Suicide is man's way of telling God, 'You can't fire me - I quit!
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|Our problems may tower over us, but God towers over our problems.
Dan Alatorre|Writing is the spectrum through which the chaos of life can be seen, studied and understood.
Charles Tritten, Heidi's Children|There, you see," said the carpenter. "And now may I give the little lady a piece of advice? She has learned to use her eyes well. She can tell the babies apart better than anyone else. But she must still learn to tell the truth from gossip. Words are like the nails I use to build my houses. You can either hammer them straight or crooked. It all depends on the sort of house you are trying to build.
Lemony Snicket, The Penultimate Peril|Some people think destiny is something you cannot escape, such as death or a curdled cheesecake, both of which always turn up sooner or later.
Philip K. Dick, A Scanner Darkly|Funny thing about the monster. The worse he treats you, the more you love him.
Dada Bhagwan|This worldly knowledge is not called (Real) Knowledge. It is worldly knowledge. The scriptural knowledge is known as the instrumental knowledge. The knowledge about the goal [to attain Pure Soul] is Real ‘Knowledge’. Scriptures themselves are the instruments and the knowledge within the scriptures is also an instrument; whereas, the ‘knowledge’ of the Self is the goal [to attain Pure Soul]!
Jay Samit|To make our way, we must have firm resolve, persistence, tenacity. We must gear ourselves to work hard all the way. We can never let up.
Muhammad Iqbal|When you do something best in life, you don't really want to give that up - and for me it's tennis.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|For many, lack of achievement is more a consequence of fear of taking a chance and getting uncomfortable.
Ursley Kempe, Witches Monstrous|Perhaps more than never, in a highly globalized world, we must recognize that multiculturalism is not simply understanding ethnic/racial histories or the mere appreciation of cultural “difference,” but accepting that multiculturalism spreads across the very inner core of America’s institutions, and ingrained in the very essence of life, for multicultural perspectives, ideas, and ideologies empower us to elevate the multicultural discourse to a higher level of social transformation—ultimately, universal equality, justice, respect, and human dignity for all, in all facets of human existence.
Aisha Mirza|Nobody feels ashamed of going to the dentist; it’s socially appropriate to take care of your teeth, even preventively. In short, it’s more normal to take care of our dental health than our mental health . . . it’s more acceptable to care for our mouths than our minds.
Brenda Sutton Rose|When you scratch these guitars, they bleed.
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|Gender imbalance is, at its root, a collective spiritual crisis.
Marie Arana, Lima Nights|In the long history of male and female relations all the way back to the Garden, I can't think of one in which a woman's anger ever won over a man.
Hilari Bell, Forging the Sword|Coordinating the retreat was important too, so important that Jiaan had assigned Aram as Fasal's assistant, to be sure he didn't overlook anything important. Like the fact that they were supposed to retreat.
John Mark Green|When water is being filled in a pot, the sound we hear is a function of the pot, not of the water. Same water makes different sounds in different pots. Each of us, described in Sanskrit as Ghata, meaning pot, responds in a unique way to the stimuli from the surrounding environment. Do not be surprised when the response of another appears entirely different from yours. The pot has created the illusion of a wall, of mine and other. Once you become aware of that illusion, otherness melts and the universe becomes a unified verse again, with apparently diverse responses becoming part of the same symphony.
Michael O. Tunnell, Moon Without Magic|The Grocery Checkout Proviso: The more things you care about, the more vulnerable you are. If you are part of that epicurean minority in this country that is still offended by violations of the English language, you will be slapped in the face every time you stand in line at the market. FIFTEEN ITEMS OR LESS. Caring passionately about grammar—caring passionately about anything most of humanity doesn’t care about—is like poking a giant hole in your life and letting the wind blow everything around.
Bien Sufficient|It was the most fleeting time of day, and maybe that was why it was her favorite. Because if you blinked, if you closed your eyes or turned your head for even the briefest of moments, you might just miss it. And like most things in life, the transient, fleeting nature of the moment made it all the more special.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|That was the thing about words, they were clear and specific--chair, eye, stone--but when you talked about feelings, words were too stiff, they were this and not that, they couldn't include all the meanings. In defining, they always left something out.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Complete Sherlock Holmes|Panic is more like protection from the danger, stuff when they don't go on plan it's a code on "how much humans we are"...
Cortney S. Warren, Lies We Tell Ourselves: The Psychology of Self-Deception|I learned that true love turns the other cheek, does not take a wrong into account, loves all people regardless of their indifference or hostility.
Kemi Sogunle|We sometimes have to experience pain for us to have a story to tell. The power to heal from the pain equips us with the strength to rise up again and move beyond it all. We not only become stronger but wise enough to recognize and handle pain in the future. We however, have to learn to let the brick walls fall down so that we can experience true love once more. We must learn from pain and let it lead us to the most beautiful parts of our journey in life. Only then can our stories become fully complete.
baka_usagi, Forbidden Apple|If she were honest, weakness should be masked at all times. Any weakness could, and would be exploited.
Joyce Dingwell, The All-the-Way Man|But you would still settle for me if I were that last, wouldn't you? Women are like that. They have to have a male.
Les Dawson|The world, when you look at it, it just can't be random. I mean, it's so different than the vast emptiness that is everything else, and even all the other planets we've seen, at least in our solar system, none of them even remotely resemble the precious life-giving nature of our own planet.
Noorilhuda, Catharsis|What I've always taken away from his words is the sense that we all have something that confines us, that seeks to define us, label us, belittling us in the process, shortchanging our potential. Can it be that that is our sanctuary, our refuge, our way to liberty?
Mehmet Murat ildan|What is vapour, than a different state of water ?what is ice-block than a different state of water?how did we come to separate the Word from the Holy Spirit and the Holy Spirit from God ?Who told us salvation and Healing were different ?Must i feel healed or religious to know that i have it all ?Same price was paid for both. the fact that its not solidify doesn't mean it doesn't exist.My Dear, You do have it all
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|True, I talk of dreams,Which are the children of an idle brain,Begot of nothing but vain fantasy,Which is as thin of substance as the air,And more inconstant than the wind, who woos Even now the frozen bosom of the north,And, being anger'd, puffs away from thence,Turning his side to the dew-dropping south.
Eric Mann, Playbook for Progressives: 16 Qualities of the Successful Organizer|We naturally try to forget our personal tragedies, serious or trifling, as soon as possible (even something as petty as being scorned or disdained by a stranger on a street corner). We try not to carry these things over to tomorrow. It is not strange, therefore, that the whole human race is trying to put Hiroshima, the extreme point of human tragedy, completely out of mind.
Jeremy Scott|I won an amateur night, October 8th, 1985. I went to work the next day and quit my job.
Jarrid Wilson, Jesus Swagger: Break Free from Poser Christianity|At one point in time, every friend was a stranger. Love changed that.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Artists are people with a genius for finding a new answer, a new connection, or a new way of getting things done.That would be you.
Forrest Curran|For your past, for your flaws, and ultimately for your stress; I judge no one whom I’ve met along the way because in a sense we were all wounded in our own ways.
Paracelsus|Winners, I am convinced, imagine their dreams first. They want it with all their heart and expect it to come true. There is, I believe, no other way to live.
Liv Morris, Adam's Fall|She stole my first kiss, first love and all those first things, which are remembered just because they’ve never been before
Anyaele Sam Chiyson, The Sagacity of Sage|Anyaele Sam Chiyson Leadership Law of Successful Results: Renowned leaders strive for victory and outdo their previous successes, they do what it takes to recognize an opportunity and pounce on it rightly to achieve great results.
Debasish Mridha|You are the storyteller and the editor of your book of life. So write tales of imagination, tragedy, and adventure and illustrate it with the colors of beauty.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Fall from ignorance, and you will rise to reason.
C. JoyBell C.|People in this world, on this planet, all of these people are lonely. To varying degrees, human beings are lonely. Many are not; but too many are. And they are too frequently lonely, too. They fill their minds with things called dreams, plans, conclusions, outlooks, new stuff, self-imagery, self-esteem, illusions, fabrications; all of these things are noisy. They fill their minds up with all the things that are noisy enough to drown out the silence of their loneliness. And they think they're going somewhere because they gauge direction and success based upon the measurements of the distance covered over the platforms of the things they fill their minds with. The noise they fill their minds with. In reality, they're not going anywhere. They are sitting right there alone in that empty room of their minds where their hearts ache (or are numb), yet the walls are covered in noisy things, the corners filled with noisy things! It's a horror story, really. The people of this world are living inside a horror story and it is taking place within their minds. And you wonder why this world is unkind? You wonder why this world is violent, is unfulfilled, is half-baked? THIS is the reason why.
Aileen Lee|At our computer club, we talked about it being a revolution. Computers were going to belong to everyone, and give us power, and free us from the people who owned computers and all that stuff.
Oswald Chambers, If Thou Wilt Be Perfect|Satan takes occasion of the frailty of the bodily temple and says, 'Now you know you cannot do that; you are so infirm, you cannot concentrate your mind,' etc. Never allow bodily infirmities to hinder you obeying the commands of Jesus.
Sunday Adelaja|People with victim mentality attracts people in their lives that tease them, abuse them and even bully them instead of building mutually benefitting relationships
Rebecca Solnit|Where people are not present, talking about them is either lie or ridiculous.
Monica Bellucci|I think that intelligence is such a narrow branch of the tree of life - this branch of primates we call humans. No other animal, by our definition, can be considered intelligent. So intelligence can't be all that important for survival, because there are so many animals that don't have what we call intelligence, and they're surviving just fine.
Sarah Winman|We could never have loved the earth so well if we had had no childhood in it, if it were not the earth where the same flowers come up again every spring that we used to gather with our tiny fingers as we sat lisping to ourselves on the grass, the same hips and haws on the autumn hedgerows, the same redbreasts that we used to call ‘God’s birds’ because they did no harm to the precious crops. What novelty is worth that sweet monotony where everything is known and loved because it is known?
Philip K. Dick, The Man in the High Castle|Am I racially kin to this man? Baynes wondered. So closely so that for all intents and purposes it is the same? Then it is in me, too, the psychotic streak. A psychotic world we live in. The madmen are in power. How long have we known this? Faced this? And - how many of us do know it?
Mensah Oteh|Purpose is the reason something is designed, made, created, or exists.
Laurie Elizabeth Flynn, Firsts|I roll over on my back and clutch the book against my chest; then I chuck it on the carpet. It's too heavy to rest on me, too full of history. Not all of it is bad. Some of the memories make me smile. Some of them make me mad. But more dangerously, some of them make me wonder what my life would be like as a girlfriend, what it would be like to have a regular relationship, with all its ups and downs and awkward moments.I switch out my lamp and stare at the ceiling in the dark, taking a series of shaky breaths. I know that it’s better this way, being the one in control. The one in control calls the shots, and the one in control sets the pace.Most important of all, the one in control doesn’t get hurt.
Kevin Hearne, Hexed|A religion that demands absolutely irrefutable obedience, is anything but religion.
Robert H. Scales Jr.|But how intolerable bright the morning is where we who are alive and remain, walk lifted up, carried forward by an effective word.
Deyth Banger|Hello,How are you?New in this world?How old are you??I'm sure that I know you....mm you are my father aren't you??You just revive, in a new body before few years now you are younger than me (FUCK YOU)...!
Tiesto|It's cool when people know you more, but I like people to treat me regular when they see me. I take pictures. I don't really be big on people looking at me.
Stephen Davey|The author describes a previous Bible study with a lot of turnover as "not so much together as in each other's midst.
Lang Leav, Sad Girls|Leadership and obedience are the two legs on which a warrior's life is balanced. Without both, victory cannot be achieved.Leadership depends on information and comprehension. Not so obedience. Sometimes a commander may choose to share details of his plan. Often he may not. In either case, obedience must be instant and complete.Such automatic response relies on trust between commander and those commanded. And that trust can only be obtained through leadership.
Scott Jurek|In an era when man can no longer dash out of his cave and slay a mammoth, he simply slips on his Lycra and goes for a run.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|We want our delusions and will violently defend these when confronted. We want to believe that the job that is slowly choking us is good, because the effort it would take to change is too terrifying to contemplate. We never want to hear how badly we are being treated in a relationship because we are strong and how dare you suggest we don't know better.
Parker Elliot, Where I'm Going|... it's not just for a friend. I mean, Reign is a friend, but... I like him. A lot. And I'd like it if he was more than just a friend.
Jim Stovall, The Ultimate Gift|If we are not allowed to deal with small problems, we will be destroyed by slightly larger ones. When we come to understand this, we live our lives not avoiding problems, but welcoming them them as challenges that will strengthen us so that we can be victorious in the future.
Jeffrey Tucker|The USA government sure do like their propaganda feeds! Unfortunately, too much propaganda does create the scenario where no one believes anything that they say. It's just like Pinocchio.
Oprah Winfrey|I stopped believing there was a power of good and a power of evil that were outside us. And I came to believe that good and evil are names for what people do, not for what they are.
Auliq Ice|Sow success and hope unto others, and more success and hope becomes what you permanently reap.
James David Lewis-Williams, The Mind in the Cave: Consciousness and the Origins of Art|Entering a cave” or rock was a metaphor for a shaman’s altered state; therefore, caves (and rocks more generally) were considered entrances or portals to the supernatural world.
Joan Miro|There are only two things worth aiming for, good music and a clean conscience.
Ruth Reichl, Garlic and Sapphires: The Secret Life of a Critic in Disguise|When a person has lived generously and fought fiercely, she deserves more than sadness at the end.
Yuna|Man only becomes independent of this physical world when he learns to consider the objects around him as symbols. He must, for this reason, seek to acquire a moral relationship to them.
Ted Cruz|If the goal of health-care reform is to provide comprehensive, universal health care in a cost-effective way, the only honest approach is a single-payer approach.
Kameron Hurley, Rapture|Oh, thou art fairer than the evening air Clad in the beauty of a thousand stars.
Gwenn Wright, The BlueStocking Girl|Whatever happened in those more than one hundred years, from the time my great-great-great grandfather studied law to the time when my own father took his bar exam in 1989, I may never know. Perhaps it was just greed and the good, old-fashion corruption that comes with power. The Drexlers have moved from the fight for human rights to the fight for corporations and wealthy individuals. We file their taxes, write their contracts, clean up their messes. As I see it, we have become little more than glorified Public Relations reps
Brittany Cavallaro, A Study in Charlotte|She was altogether colorless and severe, and still she managed to be beautiful. Not the way that girls are generally beautiful, but more like the way a knife catches the light, makes you want to take it in your hands.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|Besides, we feel always a sort of mental superiority over those whose lives we know better than they suppose.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Writing is one way to explore new ideas and by doing so blunt the sense of personal unrest and discontent. Writing assist us recognize, explore, and accept the patent absurdity of life. Writing facilitates thinking; the reagent substances we produce through writing augment our expanding system of ideas. Writing boldly triggers a chain reaction in our philosophical structure and thus writing can operate to transform who we are.
Fred Kaplan, Henry James: The Imagination of Genius, A Biography|He had entered another imaginative world, one connected to the beginning of his life as a writer, to the Napoleonic world that had been a lifelong metaphor for the power of art, for the empire of his own creation He began to dictate notes for a new novel, "fragments of the book he imagines himself to be writing." As if he were now writing a novel of which his own altered consciousness was the dramatic center, he dictated a vision of himself as Napoleon and his own family as the Imperial Bonapartes....William and Alice he grasped with his regent hand, addressing his 'dear and most esteemed brother and sister.' To them, to whom he had granted countries, he now gave the responsibility of supervising the detailed plans he had created for 'the decoration of certain apartments, here of the Louvre and Tuileries, which you will find addressed in detail to artists and workment who take them in hand.' He was himself the 'imperial e
Gideon J. Tucker|No man's life, liberty, or property are safe while the legislature is in session.
Ann Patchett|Those who do not have power over the story that dominates their lives, power to retell it, to rethink it, deconstruct it, joke about it, and change it as times change, truly are powerless.
Michel de Montaigne|Lonesome. Lonesome. I know what it means. Here all by my lonesome, dreaming empty dreams. Weary. Weary at the close of day, wondering if tomorrow brings me joy or sorrow.
Wim Wenders|Now it's serious. At last it's becoming serious. So I've grown older. Was I the only one who wasn't serious? Is it our times that are not serious? I was never lonely neither when I was alone, nor with others. But I would have liked to be alone at last. Loneliness means I'm finally whole. Now I can say it as tonight, I'm at last alone. I must put an end to coincidence. The new moon of decision. I don't know if there's destiny but there's a decision. Decide! We are now the times. Not only the whole town - the whole world is taking part in our decision. We two are now more than us two. We incarnate something. We're representing the people now. And the whole place is full of those who are dreaming the same dream. We are deciding everyone's game. I am ready. Now it's your turn. You hold the game in your hand. Now or never. You need me. You will need me. There's no greater story than ours, that of man and woman. It will be a story of giants... invisible... transposable... a story of new ancestors. Look. My eyes. They are the picture of necessity, of the future of everyone in the place. Last night I dreamt of a stranger... of my man. Only with him could I be alone, open up to him, wholly open, wholly for him. Welcome him wholly into me. Surround him with the labyrinth of shared happiness. I know... it's you.
Misuzu Kaneko, Are You an Echo?: The Lost Poetry of Misuzu Kaneko|STARS AND DANDELIONSDeep in the blue sky,like pebbles at the bottom of the sea,lie the stars unseen in daylightuntil night comes. You can't see them, but they are there. Unseen things are still there.The withered, seedless dandelionshidden in the cracks of the roof tilewait silently for spring,their strong roots unseen. You can't see them, but they are there. Unseen things are still there.
Matthew Donnelly|Past and Future exist in the mind. They exist in the outside world. The mind is shaped by the physical world. Past and future however do NOT exist within the body. Because the present moment is all that you have and will ever be able to experience from within. Presence is how you fully exist. Internal (No-mind, no-time, awareness) is how you fully exist.
Sarah Addison Allen, Garden Spells|He stared up at the moon, which looked like a giant hole in the sky, letting light through to the other side.
Daniel Yergin, The Quest: Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World|A lesson in bringing about true changes of mind and heart comes from a Japanese functionary. By day, he crunched numbers that showed his country was approaching imminent energy crisis and helped to craft policy. By night, he weaved a novel in which a bureaucrat-hero helps see the country through to new energy sources. When the crisis came faster than he expected, he actually put the novel away because he did not want to make the burden of his countrymen worse. When the short-term crisis passed, he published his novel. It's phenomenal and well-timed success fueled the vision that inspired difficult change and maintained a sense of urgency.
M.A. George, Relativity|I can finish that off and get you something better,” he offered.“You’d eat my leftovers?...” I felt like such a prima donna. “You’re a king.”“I’m a…hungry…king,” he shrugged, as he unassumingly glanced to the side. “I’m not picky.
Douglas Coupland|I would honestly say that with all the awards and all the other things that I've done in my life, Dollywood is one of the greatest dreams that I've ever had come true - I am so proud of that I can't even begin to tell you, Dollywood is real special to me.
Mother Teresa|Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness, of hatred, of jealousy, and, most easily of all, the gate of fear.
Henryk Sienkiewicz, In Desert and Wilderness|Nevertheless, in this sea of human wretchedness and malice there bloomed at times compassion, as a pale flower blooms in a putrid marsh.
Meghan Daum|Obedience is a strong virtue, capable of making me master of my emotions by giving me more strength to conquer my pride as I submit to those above me out of respect for their God-given authority and those below me out of love.
Max McKeown, The Innovation Book: How to Manage Ideas and Execution for Outstanding Results|If traditional doesn't work, then traditions won't do.
Andrew Eldritch|Guided only by their feeling for symmetry, simplicity, and generality, and an indefinable sense of the fitness of things, creative mathematicians now, as in the past, are inspired by the art of mathematics rather than by any prospect of ultimate usefulness.
Marisa Silver, Mary Coin|When Doris had died so long ago, it was weeks before Mary could think clearly and remember what she was supposed to do the next minute and then the minute after that. Even though Doris had shown Mary how to get rid of the chiggers that burrowed under the skin or how to add potatoes to bread to make it heavy so it would fill a stomach faster, she had never explained how she had survived the death of a husband and the loss of a child. Parents never told their real secrets. They never let you know how they lived in the spaces between working and cooking and running after children and counting dollars.
Immanuel Kant, Critique of Pure Reason|That all our knowledge begins with experience there can be no doubt. For how should the faculty of knowledge be called into activity, if not by objects which affect our senses and which, on the one hand, produce representations by themselves or on the other, rouse the activity of our understanding to compare, connect, or separate them and thus to convert the raw material of our sensible impressions into knowledge of objects, which we call experience? With respect to time, therefore, no knowledge within us is antecedent to experience, but all knowledge begins with it.But though all our knowledge begins with experience, is does not follow that it all arises from experience. For it is quite possible that even our empirical knowledge is a compound of that which we perceive through impressions, and of that which our own faculty of knowledge (incited by sense impressions) supplies from itself, a supplement which we do not distinguish from that raw material until long practice and rendered us capable of separating one from the other.It is therefore a question which deserves at least closer investigation and cannot be disposed of at first sight: Whether there is any knowledge independent of all experience and even of all impressions of the senses? Such knowledge is called 'a priori' and is distinguished from empirical knowledge, which has its source 'a posteriori', that is, in experience...
Swami Dhyan Giten|A spiritual man is happy with the whole existence. He says "yes" to the whole existence.
Goran Persson|Twenty years ago, I wrote a book called 'It Takes a Village.' And a lot of people looked at the title and asked, 'What the heck do you mean by that?' This is what I mean. None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community or lift a country totally alone.
James Madison|The best relationship is one that does not foster too much independence nor too much dependence, but exists in the healthy interdependence zone.
Zadie Smith, Changing My Mind: Occasional Essays|A writer has no use for the clock. A writer lives in an infinity of days, time without end, ploughed under.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|...with electronic communication, what one writes in a moment, eternity will not erase.
Gordon Ramsay|Every discussion which is made from an egoistic standpoint is corrupted from the start and cannot yield an absolutely sure conclusion. The ego puts its own interest first and twists every argument, word, even fact to suit that interest.
Fran Macilvey, Trapped: My Life with Cerebral Palsy|She had wanted me to hold rape inside me like a dark pearl, keep it in there, as it grew, as I grew cramped, as it overtook me as hidden things do. Secrets become lies. I'd carried in every step I took this lie, the shame of it.
Huxley, Aldous, Brave New World|We have access to practical, ethical and scientifically established methods of birth control. So I think that is the most ethical way to reduce our population.
Will Rogers|There is something sinister, something quite biographical about what I do - but that part is for me. It's my personal business. I think there is a lot of romance, melancholy. There's a sadness to it, but there's romance in sadness. I suppose I am a very melancholy person.
Mohsin Hamid, The Reluctant Fundamentalist|...status, as in any traditional, class-conscious society, declines more slowly than wealth.
Arshdeep Singh Samrala|If you block the person on whatsapp, facebook.who Caring you a lot and do -did -done everythink for you.Please suicide..........Its better option for you. you never know what you done.
Voltaire|Sacrifice does not mean the rejection of the worthless, but of the precious
Mike Brown, How I Killed Pluto and Why It Had It Coming|And if you don't let a boy become a man, it's no one's fault but your own when you're still wiping his ass when he should be making you grandchildren.
Susan B. Anthony|The year was 2081, and everyone was finally equal.
Kailash Satyarthi|The earliest memories I have of the ocean are actually stories - stories from my grandfather, the legendary ocean explorer and conservationist Jacques Cousteau. My passion for ocean conservation stems from learning at a very young age that we're all connected; we're all in this together.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Families share relationships based not only blood, but also the unique affiliation of a terribly long cord when measured in comparison with any other undertaking in a person’s life, from cradle to the grave if you will. These intimate associations create a bond of love, affection, goodwill, and joy that we seek to duplicate when we marry and begin creating our extended families.
Bill Gates|Religion is supposed to be a positive thing when you look at the true religions around the world, not the fundamentalists. You always have to go with what your spirit tells you, not what people advise you. I'm a man that will always follow my own path.
Jeremy Griffith, Is It To Be: Terminal Alienation or Transformation For The Human Race|Man, when he is re-born, passes through the ages as he who is born; and the preceding state is always as an egg in respect to the subsequent one, thus he is continually conceived and born: and this not only when he lives in the world, but also when he comes into another life to eternity: and still when he cannot be further perfected, then to be as an egg to those things which remain to be manifested, which are indefinite.
Stéphane Hessel, Indignez-vous !|The worst possible outlook is indifference that says, “I can’t do anything about it; I’ll just get by.” Behaving like that deprives you of one of the essentials of being human: the capacity and the freedom to feel outraged. That freedom is indispensable, as is the political involvement that goes with it.
Émile Zola, Pot Luck|I've taped a list to my bathroom mirror. It's my Most Violated List. . . Anger. I gave the finger to an ATM. You see, the ATM charged me a $1.75 fee for withdrawl. A dollar seventy-five? That's bananas. So I flipped off the screen. As Julie tells me, when you start making rude gestures to inanimate objects, it's time to work on your anger issues. Mine is not the shouting, pulsing-vein-in-the forehead rage. Like my dad, I rarely raise my voice. My anger problem is more one of long-lasting resentment. It's a heap of real or perceived slights that eventually build up into a mountain of bitterness. . . get some perspective. . . I ask myself the question God asked Jonah. 'Do you do well to be angry?'. . .The world will not end. . . Mute your petty resentment.
Plato|The greatest mistake in the treatment of diseases is that there are physicians for the body and physicians for the soul, although the two cannot be separated.
Lee Kuan Yew|When I was 27 years old, I organized legal aid clinics to help low-income seniors. It was a life-altering experience.
Erik Pevernagie|When love is roaming in our mind, looping in the deepest fringes of our heart, undreamt spaciousness emerges, repealing the constraints of triviality and letting stifling narrowness fade away. While our mindset is besieged by a revolving burst of emotion, our world is ultimately opening up. (Cape of good hope)
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|Men demand much more than you think," she would tell her enigmatically. "There's a lot of cooking, a lot of sweeping, a lot of suffering over little things beyond what you think.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|If you want people to believe you, appeal to their hearts not to their brains
Laurie Halse Anderson, Catalyst|Look at the stupid, poor people. Look at the stupid, poor, burned-out people. Look at the stupid, poor, burned-out people, look at their dead baby. It's death porn for the masses. 
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Getting into the habit of changing who you are to please others, is setting a lifetime marathon of running away from yourself.
John Fowles|I would have gone to bed with him that night. If he had asked. If he had come and kissed me. Not for his sake, but for being alive's.
Ramana Pemmaraju|The more I try to understand one very peculiar aspect of women, it seems clear to me that apart from the beauty or the sensuous state that women command over men, there is an inferiority, lesser known to the masses which is more of agony and pain - a resultant effort of the continuous mood swings and the frequent natural cycles that buoy them, it is in this state that women function and calibrate on this basis in selecting a life partner and not the usual histrionics that men take effort in pleasing them!
Ben Lindsey|If I despised myself, it would be no compensation if everyone saluted me, and if I respect myself, it does not trouble me if others hold me lightly.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|For most men the world is centered in self, which is misery: to have one's world centered in God is peace.
Rob Manuel|British innovation in design, in the creative arts, in engineering and manufacturing is world class.
Maria Faustina Kowalska, Diary of Saint Maria Faustina Kowalska: Divine Mercy in My Soul|If the angels were capable of envy, they would envy us for two things: one is the receiving of Holy Communion, and the other is suffering.
Nicole Mones, A Cup of Light|He'd seen that the young ones died quickly. He'd heard the staff talk about it. When they were ready they let go. Not like adults. Adults took a long time. It was as if adults had built such a thick, petrified husk around them that this alone gave them the strength, the form to hold on. And by the transient revival that so often came to the dying, adults seemed to find a last little puff of life before the end. They had a term for it here at the hospital -- hui guang fan zhao, the reflected rays of the setting sun. Children were lacking in this. They went quickly. He watched as the DOWN light came on and the elevator door slid open.He had a fear that his life now was just an interlude of hui guang fan zhao, a brief moment before it all came back, worse. And for so long now he had been in this state by himself. He stared up at the digital floor numbers flashing, descending.
SaketKr|I think, if one is a true art lover, he can't stick to a particular genre. Art knows no partitions, no boundaries.
Louis Sabin|MANY DOGS RUN WILD IN THE CITY.SOME ARE ABANDONED BY THEIR OWNERSAND OTHERS ARE BORN TO LOST DOGS.STRAYS HAVE A LIMITED LIFE EXPECTANCYEVEN WHEN THEY BAND TOGETHER IN PACKS.THEY ARE PREY TO DISEASE, PARASITES,WEATHER AND AUTOMOBILES.THEY TEND TO BE FRIGHTENED AND VICIOUS.THEY ARE UNABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVESOR ANYONE ELSE.
Matthew J. Hefti, A Hard And Heavy Thing|I tell them stars have never hurt me, I wish I could say the same about people.
Robert Kirkman, The Walking Dead, Issue #125|Someone is going to tell you to get use to this. That feeling of being scared and sad. They're going to say it'll be better when you learn to ignore it. Don't listen to them. Hold on to it, remember it... Don't let yourself forget it. It's too easy to lose.-Carl Grimes
Claire Messud, The Woman Upstairs|It was supposed to say "Great Artist" on my tombstone, but if I died right now it would say "such a good teacher/daughter/friend" instead; and what I really want to shout, and want in big letters on that grave, too, is FUCK YOU ALL.
Susan Barbara Apollon, An Inside Job: A Psychologist Shares Healing Wisdom for Your Cancer Journey|When you choose self-love, you are reclaiming your awareness of your own power, which raises your vibrational energy and contributes to your healing.
Dawn Garcia|Words exist in the smile on your face, the life in your eyes, the passion in your soul, and those beautiful and open enough to recognize it. THAT is a writers haven …
Nicholas Sparks, Dear John|We’d met at a carefree time, a moment full of promise, in its place now were the harsh lessons of the real world.
Gordon B. Hinckley|I think the best advice came from Drew Barrymore, about always finding love in everything you do and keeping a positive attitude and being thankful.
Adriana Trigiani, Rococo|I guessed she must be, at most, twenty, but there was something about her manner that made me think she could be ageless. She seemed trapped in that state of perpetual youth reserved for mannequins in shop windows.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|Bless the world. Let it be a wonderful world with love, peace, joy and happiness.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|It's as if once you hit high school, you're programmed, like a robot, to be an asshole to your parents.
Gina Marinello-Sweeney, The Rose and the Sword|Mourn, cry, be sad god doesn't give a fuck. The life has been taken in one or other way and it can't be done anything that's all, it's not big philosophy - it's short and it can't be more longer than this!
Marouane LAASSAFAR|Did other people have this much trouble fitting in, or was it just her?
Derrick Jensen, Deep Green Resistance|We are fossil fuel addicts. What happens when drug addicts detox? They can be rash, cranky, even psychotic and dangerous. It would be good for the environment if the entire economy abruptly quit fossil fuels, but that's not realistic. I wouldn't want to be around if it ever happened. Perhaps it's best to think of natural gas like methadone. It's a way for an energy addicted society to get off dirtier fuels and smooth out the detox bumps.
Christian Bale|Our democracy, our constitutional framework is really a kind of software for harnessing the creativity and political imagination for all of our people. The American democratic system was an early political version of Napster.
Elizabeth Gilbert|The funny thing is, the girls that I'm always up against for roles are pretty nice and cool, like Emma Watson. She's awesome.
William Randolph Hearst|If I can't play for big money, I play for a little money. And if I can't play for a little money, I stay in bed that day.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Now, come over here so I can pat you down.""But you don't have-" Percy stopped. "Uh, sure."He stood next to the armless statue. Terminus conducted a rigorous mental pat down."You seem to be clean," Terminus decided. "Do you have anything to declare?""Yes," Percy said. "I declare that this is stupid.
Henri Cartier-Bresson, Henri Cartier-Bresson: The Mind's Eye: Writings on Photography and Photographers|No, I don't work here, I'm taking pictures of messy bathrooms for a photo essay on the American West. But I'm always up for clean, so if you want to pitch in, I've got Pine Sol and a sponge in my car... It's that VW microbus parked next to the dumpster, and you don't need a key, just pull hard.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|And when demigods use cell phones, the signals agitate every monster within a hundred miles. It's like sending up a flare: Here I am! Please rearrange my face!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Truth is, I’m generally happiest when it’s just me. It’s okay to be madly in love with yourself.
Theodore Roethke|No one needs to hit rock bottom to change. And yet so many people do, only because most of us are unskilled in communicating with ourselves.Stress, depression, anxiety, insomnia, headaches, illness ... these are all symptoms of a bigger problem. You're trying to tell yourself something. Loudly.Listen now or listen later. There is no ignoring the call.
Matthieu Ricard|According to the philosopher Andre Comte-Sponville: The wise man has nothing left to expect or to hope for. Because he is entirely happy, he needs nothing. Because he needs nothing, he is entirely happy.
Lionel Shriver, Big Brother|Kleos is sometimes translated as "acoustic renown" the spreading renown you get from people talking about your exploits. It's a bit like having a large Twitter following.
Malcolm Gladwell, Outliers: The Story of Success|To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
Carl Sagan|Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
Mommy Moo Moo|We travel together, passengers on a little space ship, dependent on its vulnerable reserves of air and soil; all committed for our safety to its security and peace; preserved from annihilation only by the care, the work, and, I will say, the love we give our fragile craft. We cannot maintain it half fortunate, half miserable, half confident, half despairing, half slave—to the ancient enemies of man—half free in a liberation of resources undreamed of until this day. No craft, no crew can travel safely with such vast contradictions. On their resolution depends the survival of us all.
Sanober  Khan, Turquoise Silence|there are some poemsthat we leave behindsome that leave us behindwhile some just livesilentlyin the heartcrumble, sometimesdwindledisappeardieand are rebornwhen you smile again.
Scott Lynch, The Lies of Locke Lamora|Locke sighed.'So this is winning,' he said.'It is,' replied Jean. 'It can go fuck itself,' said Locke.
John Lydon|A bland smile is like a green light at an intersection, it feels good when you get one, but you forget it the moment you're past it.
Darren Shan, Slawter|As long as you’re breathing, your story’s still going.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|We look up, if only to see if we're likely to be rained on. The sky calls attention to itself, whether scored by herons, cranes, or wires; illumined by sunsets, Perseids, or ballparks; broken up by the twigwork of oaks or maples, painted in rainbows, or just primed in the pale gray of my '52 Ford. If we are truthful, the sky is never neutral.
Debasish Mridha|Everything in the past is memory and everything in the future is imagination. Those're both illusions – memories are unreliable and we just speculate about the future. The only thing that's completely real is this one instant of the present – and that's constantly changing from imagination to memory. So, see? Most of our life's illusory.
Pope John Paul II|In 1987, the United States celebrates the bicentennial anniversary of the constitutional convention that provided the basic rules for the American political order. This convention was one of the very few historical examples in which political rules were deliberately chosen.
Soar|Eldora smiled up at Paulo cunningly, her dark eyes twinkling. “You are old, Father.”“Not as old as I shall be, before I have finished with the universe.
M.F. Moonzajer|Joseph’s trials were unjust, inexplicable and heartrending. Yet Joseph knew God, and he knew that God had a plan.
Vironika Tugaleva|Let those feelings out. Talk about it. Even if you’re talking to your journal by yourself in an empty room. That still counts. That still matters.If you know someone who’s struggling and isolated, help them talk about it. Even if they don’t have the right words. Even if you sit in silence as they try to feel safe. Even if they shower you with complaints, excuses, and justifications. Even if you can see they’re just playing small, being irrational, blaming circumstances. Just be there. It all counts. It all matters.
Art Alexakis|I like to deal with EVERY aspect of our condition, and that means terror and humor in equal mix. Some books have more room for humor than others.
Denis Waitley|Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable.
Cynthia Rylant, Missing May|We wanted a family so bad, all of us. And we just grabbed each another and made us one. Simple as that.
Oliver Markus, Sex and Crime: Oliver's Strange Journey|The idea of God was invented in the small hours of history by a scam who had genius; it somehow reeks too much of humanity, that idea, to make its azure origin plausible...
Juan Pablo Galavis|I submit that an individual who breaks a law that conscience tells him is unjust, and who willingly accepts the penalty of imprisonment in order to arouse the conscience of the community over its injustice, is in reality expressing the highest respect for law.
Rick Steves|I would like travelers, especially American travelers, to travel in a way that broadens their perspective, because I think Americans tend to be some of the most ethnocentric people on the planet. It's not just Americans, it's the big countries. It's the biggest countries that tend to be ethnocentric or ugly. There are ugly Russians, ugly Germans, ugly Japanese and ugly Americans. You don't find ugly Belgians or ugly Bulgarians, they're just too small to think the world is their norm.
Gustave Flaubert|My devil had been long caged, he came out roaring.
Santosh Kalwar|The truth about life and lie about life is not measured by others but by your intuition, which never lies.
Zig Ziglar|Make failure your teacher, not your undertaker.
M.F. Moonzajer|I feel like I should love them right away. But how do you do that? You can't make yourself love someone, can you?
Kathleen Norris, Amazing Grace: A Vocabulary of Faith|At its Greek root, "to believe" simply means "to give one's heart to." Thus, if we can determine what it is we give our heart to, then we will know what it is we believe.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Within the caves of deepest longing Echoes the sounds of majestic eve! Upon the sphere of bright white skies Spreads the paint of evening colours!Silence divine, Penetrates deep Onto the void of ethereal joy!All I have is a bundle of letters That would sound nothing definite!Hold my arms to touch my warmth,O dear, whisper on my ears soft,Is silence the fall of words or Are words the wreck of silence?
Kemi Sogunle|Seeds strive to become plants by forcing their way through the soil. We can learn from this and push through the struggles we face in life. If they can survive, we can do much more. Keep pushing and pressing forward. Your best is yet to come!
Stephanie Lahart|Black Girls… Always remember: It’s so easy, and it takes very little effort, to be like the next person. Don’t insult yourself like that. Be yourself! Walk YOUR walk. Talk YOUR talk. Be uniquely YOU in everything that you do. A confident woman who has a strong sense of self is quite beautiful. Allow your light to shine from the inside out. Self-love is the greatest love of all. Love, respect, and be good to yourself, first! You matter! You count! And you’re important, too!
Ryan Mecum, Zombie Haiku: Good Poetry for Your...Brains|Somewhere deep inside, his humanity had been shaken by something so unnatural, so foreign in its essence, his very being withdrew from it...
Emmuska Orczy, SCARLET PIMPERNEL VOL. 1 The Scarlet Pimpernel I Will Repay The Elusive Pimpernel|The sexual contact before this?“It was the first time.”The woman looked at Rat again, harder. The silence was more painful than the words. What she had just heard went beyond plain immorality. It was ridiculous.
Tracy Sillato, My Maasai Experience: Reflections|However let's turn the coin, what if we choose not to broadcast the bad news but choose to broadcast mostly good news? How would this affect our life?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Now I understand why you grow so many flowers."She shifted her head, not understanding.I said, "To cover the stink of sulphur.
Sereda Aleta Dailey, The Art of Manifesting Abundance|Manifesting happens everyday whether we want it to or not, we are always attracting things and people to us. The absolute key to Manifesting without missing a mark, is to do so with confident intention and complete awareness.
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|It seemed unfair that despite the fact he could not use them, or feel them, his extremities should cause him so much discomfort.
Andrew Greeley|I always say God should have given women one extra decade at least, especially if you want a family. You're trying to pack a lot in.
Bernard Kelvin Clive, Your Dreams Will Not Die|Today, just take time to smell the roses, enjoy those little things about your life, your family, spouse, friends, job. Forget about the thorns -the pains and problems they cause you - and enjoy life
Glen Chambers, United States History For Christian Schools|Look at meI am the life in a wastelandLook at meI am the slavery through the agesLook at meI am the mirror of the worldLook at meI am the illusion I’ve fought forLook at meI’m still loving youand I keep being herefor you, for me,and for what’s worth breathing
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|In the society of thinking humanity, the natural law of trust should be - In I, I trust.
John Inman, Paulie|One shouldn't forget his goal ever, whether he has to lose his personality on way to get it. Because to recognize aim and to achieve it, is the real life.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|... she had painted her lips and was holding in her hollowed hands a beautiful, banal, Eden-red apple.
Dada Bhagwan|When one cautions you, he is a 'lighthouse' and if one find faults with the lighthouse, when will that ship reach safely [to its destination]?.
Melisa M. Hamling, Twenty Weeks|Alex chuckled and whispered in her ear. “I’m feeling huge . . . I mean I have this huge desire . . . Crap, you feel good tonight. And you smell so good.
Kenneth Oppel, Airborn|You two were in a cave together?’ said Miss Simpkins in horror.‘Yes,’ said Kate, ‘and it was very, very dark.
Dada Bhagwan|What does religion say? It says that if you care for others then you will meet others who will care for you and if you hit others, you will meet others who will hit you. This is what all relative religions say.
Lincoln Park|I've received two key pieces of advice in regard to my books. The first is, "You should lay off the f-bombs." The other is, "You should add more f-bombs.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|It'd felt good to be part of an "us," with the same thoughts, the same feelings, the same miseries.
Azar Nafisi, Things I've Been Silent About: Memories|I searched modern fiction and poetry for clues to how we confronted and evaded reality, how we articulated our experience and turned to language not to revel ourselves but to hide. I was as sure then as I am now that by looking at contemporary Iranian fiction I could gain access to a real understanding of political and social events. (p289)
Leonard Sax, The Collapse of Parenting: How We Hurt Our Kids When We Treat Them Like Grown-Ups|My parents were two-faced. To me, they showed no mercy. They preached from theBook of Fallen Children - Commandment 1: The Child Is Always Ungrateful. At eighteen, the free ride would stop, and I'd be dumped into the mess of the world. But in their private moments, they were soft, cowed by love. They critiqued their own parenting skills and thought of all the ways the could help their kids get ahead.
Sōseki Natsume, Wayfarer|Your brother is a sensitive person. Aesthetically, ethically, and intellectually he is in fact hypersensitive. As a result, it would seem that he was born only to torture himself. He has none of that saving dullness of intelligence which sees little difference between A and B. To him it must be either A or B. And if it is to be A, its shape, degree, and shade of color must precisely match his own conception of it; otherwise he will not accept it. Your brother, being sensitive, is all his life walking on a line he has chosen—a line as precarious as a tight rope. At the same time he impatiently demands that others also tread an equally precarious rope, without missing their footing. It would be a mistake, though, to think that this stems from selfishness. Imagine a world which could react exactly the way your brother expects; that world would undoubtedly be far more advanced than the world as it is now. Consequently, he detests the world which is—aesthetically, intellectually, and ethically—not as advanced as he is himself. That's why it's different from mere selfishness, I think.
Annie Besant|The silencing of the rainforests is a double deforestation, not only of trees but a deforestation of the mind's music, medicine and knowledge.
Bill Bryson, The Lost Continent: Travels in Small Town America|Do you recall Fred Merriville?”She stared at him. “Fred Merriville? Pray, what has he to say to anything?”“The poor fellow has nothing to say: he’s dead, alas!
Avijeet Das|I don't want any more magic in my life, your love is enough for me!
Eli Easton, A Prairie Dog's Love Song|Is this your boyfriend?" the first nun asked. Clair Olivia looked me up and down. “No. This is my gay friend who decided he was straight and single-handedly wrecked havoc at an all-boys school in Massachusetts this fall. He’s gay again and home for Christmas, so yay!
|What happens to you during Life may seem out of your control; how you perceive each experience, however... good or bad... is totally up to you.
Shakti Gawain|It is easy and dismally enervating to think of opposition as merely perverse or actually evil-far more invigorating to see it as essential for honing the mind  and as a positive good in itself. For the day that moral issues cease to be fought over is the day the word "human" disappears from the race.
E.B. White|If the world were merely seductive, that would be easy. If it were merely challenging, that would be no problem. But I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.
Henry Drummond|Morality is not the doctrine of how we may make ourselves happy, but how we may make ourselves worthy of happiness.
Georgette Heyer, Sylvester|I could smell an arrogance, it was my cheap fragrance.
Marianne Williamson|Treasure your relationships, not your possessions.
Shannon MacLeod, Rogue on the Rollaway|You turn the lights on and off here and if you can’t sleep and want something to read there are books in the living room…” her voice broke off. “Wait. Can you read?”His chin took a slight tilt upward. “Aye,” Faolán replied, his voice cool, “in English, Gaelic, Latin, or French. My Welsh is a bit rusty, and I doona remember any of the Greek I was taught except for words not fit for a lady’s ears. I can also count all the way up to…” He looked down and wiggled his large bare toes, “…twenty.” – Faolán MacIntyre
Trevor Driggers|We declared war on one another's heart. And once the bombs dropped, & wars of words began, all that was left were the ruins of what was once everything. Something once so beautiful, that even those dull ruins held it's own tragic beauty all their own.
Habeeb Akande|The real failure is not the one who falls down, it's the one who refuses to get up.
Akshay Vasu|The most worst scenario.... I mean if this happen to me and to be so deep in the sea and sailing oh hell... let's go be with me... (The Finest Hours: The True Story of the U.S. Coast Guard's Most Daring Sea RescueBook by Tougias, Michael J., Sherman, Casey)
Ashish Patel|When manipulation flutters around everywhere, neither pull nor push anyone. Just do one thing - don't trust anyone!
Brian Tracy, Eat That Frog!: 21 Great Ways to Stop Procrastinating and Get More Done in Less Time|What are the five products you want to focus on? Get rid of the rest, because they’re dragging you down. They’re turning you into Microsoft. They’re causing you to turn out products that are adequate but not great.
Mia Hollow|When I say that I love animals, I mean to say that I am IN love with them. Because they don't know evil and have never been tempted by it. Because they are the purest image of any higher being I have ever known. Because their souls are made of a much larger magic than my own, and if you let them, they will show it to you. Because this world is theirs, they were here first. And we should all love them a little more for graciously allowing us to have so much of it.
Carlos A.  Rodriguez, Designed For Inheritance: A Discovery of Sonship|Going to church is a beautiful act of humility. You are saying to the world, "I need God and His family.
George Lois|The wonders of the Grand Canyon cannot be adequately represented in symbols of speech, nor by speech itself. The resources of the graphic art are taxed beyond their powers in attempting to portray its features. Language and illustration combined must fail.
Joy Wilson|You’re with a girl. She’s brown-haired and side-swept. I imagine that she’s the kind of girl who can easily shop for jean shorts, and speaks kindly more often than not. She seems like the kind of girl who hates New York City because it wreaks havoc on her shoes (really she just thinks it’s a big and scary place), but once had the time of her life in Spain on a backpacking trip when she was 23. Her gaze is focused on the embracing couple as near strangers capable of judgement. She stands bolted next to you like you’re her anchor in the social storm.You two seem finely matched… but what do I know? (Nothing at all.)I accidentally saw a picture of you and it reminded me that I was dating a man rightfully shaking his fist at God, while trying to hold my hand with the other. I was reminded of how fiercely we tried to hold our relationship together, and how devastated and relieved we were in its destruction. There’s water under that bridge.I accidentally saw a picture of you. No big deal. I wrote about it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Don’t give up! Keep trying, your victory is certain.
Philip Lamantia|With chilling care, my hardshipshave managed to implant a spiritof recklessness within me,one that impels me to point out injustice and wrongdoing.So, while many strive to have a toil free life, I spend my time criticizing tyrants,and so the spirit of subversion was quickly established within me. Now all I can do is calmly wait for cold death to seize me.
Steve Knox|#Leadership is not how much you can take away from others,it is about how much you can inspire,teach and build others by example ~bns
Friedrich Nietzsche|Make sure it is God's trumpet you are blowing- if it is only yours it won't wake the dead, it will simply disturb the neighbours.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|the fact that there was this capacity even in a paranoiac for intelligence, even in a devil worshipper for love; the fact that the ground of all being could be totally manifest in a flowering shrub, a human face; the fact that there was a light and that this light was also compassion.
Deyth Banger|Actually I've never seen a cycle-maintenance problem complex enough really to require full-scale formal scientific method. Repair problems are not that hard. When I think of formal scientific method an image sometimes comes to mind of an enormous juggernaut, a huge bulldozer-slow, tedious, lumbering, laborious, but invincible. It takes twice as long, five times as long, maybe a dozen times as long as informal mechanic's techniques, but you know in the end you're going to get it. There's no fault isolation problem in motorcycle maintenance that can stand up to it. When you've hit a really tough one, tried everything, racked your brain and nothing works, and you know that this time Nature has really decided to be difficult, you say, "Okay, Nature, that's the end of the nice guy," and you crank up the formal scientific method.
Andrew Davidson, The Gargoyle|Love is as strong as death, as hard as hell.
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|Throughout our lives, after all, we look for a story of our origins, to tell us why we were born and why we have lived.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Learn to recognize omens, and follow them
Benedict Jacka|Among the top ten things I've learned in life: when your hair stylist is having a bad day, reschedule.
John Wyatt, Shining Levels|Spurn everything that is added by way of decoration and display by unneccesary labour. Relect that nothing merits admiration except the spirit, the impressiveness of which prevents it from being impressed by anything.
Alan Rickman|I just moved into a new house, so I love spending time at home. Everything for me is all about self-care because I really feel that if I'm at my best, than I'm able to come to my job and really be feeling the best, so if I'm not working out or going on a hike, than I'm at home recharging and cooking dinner and hanging out with my cat.
Aberjhani, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love|How many fears came between us?Earthquakes, diseases, wars where hellrained smoldering pus from skies made of winged death.Horror tore this world asunder.While inside the bleeding smokeand beyond the shredded weeping fleshwe memorized tales of infinite good.--from The History Lesson
Scott Snyder, American Vampire, Vol. 1|Every ruler should strive for his people to love him. But if they cannot love you, then make them fear you. Love is better, but fear will do the job.
C. JoyBell C.|In case you never get a second chance: don't be afraid!" "And what if you do get a second chance?" "You take it!
Miriam Toews, All My Puny Sorrows|Tina nods sagely and says yes and then something in Plautdietsch, probably something like heck yeah do we ever know what sad is. Sadness is what holds our bones in place.
George Gordon Byron, The Complete Poetical Works of Byron (Cambridge Edition)|It was a miserable thing, to be responsible for breaking your own heart.
Christina Milian|Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul.
Brigitte Gabriel, Because They Hate: A Survivor of Islamic Terror Warns America|Terrorism was like heroin – once a lonely, desperate soul was hooked on it, he or she became a fanatic – radicalized they call it – ready to die for a paradise in heaven that didn’t exist by helping to rain down a hell on earth for all who didn’t believe in it.
Anil Ambani|I think if you don't trust in yourself, it helps to trust in something else.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|And what do you want?”I almost choked. “How could you even ask me that, Henry?”He sighed. “Because I’m thousands of miles away. Because I Skyped into your living room late one night and there’s a dude sitting next to you in the dark. Because Thanet tells me things. And Tennyson sent me a picture of you in a dress that looks like lingerie.”“It’s not that bad,” I said.“I didn’t say it was bad, Meg. It’s about a million miles from bad.” His voice was breaking with exasperation. “Things are crazy here, and I’m questioning everything.
Angela Carter, Love|The man whirled, his hands still gripping the animal's skin, his face perfectly illuminated by the fire. He was half in shadow, and the shadow revealed him slowly. His left eye was covered by a black leather patch, and thin white scar raked his brow and the cheekbone below. The carried on, down the length of his neck, into the thick black beard, twisting under his collarbone and around his torso. They marred only the skin, I noted, for the muscles beneath were whole and strong, and the entire impression was one of great vitality and energy, strength unbridled. He looked nothing so much as a fallen god working at a trade."Hephaestus at the forge," I murmured, recalling my mythology....
Miranda Lambert|Among the many reasons assignable for the sad decay of true Christianity, perhaps the neglecting to assemble ourselves together, in religious societies, may not be one of the least.
Angelica Hopes|You hand over control, you start winning.
Harlan Coben|Funny how things have turned out, huh, Jorja. Your mother is the 'demon' and your lover is the nurturer," Jorja commented into the air.
Nelson Algren, Never Come Morning|I bet you think fellas are the ones to remember a girl -- don't you?"He shook his head hurriedly, that he'd always thought that."Fellas have all the fun 'n she just sees one right after another, so it seems like HE'D remember her, better 'n SHE'D remember him, only it works the other way around. I ain't forgot one single fella, all these years. But I bet there ain't TWO 'd know me from a big of bananas this minute.
Umberto Eco|There is no greater feeling in business than building a product which impacts people's lives in a profound way. When we look around at the thousands of people who have attended Summit gatherings, it makes us smile to see the new friendships, business partnerships and philanthropic initiatives that each event produces.
Kate Christensen|In the winter of 2012, as my fiftieth birthday approached, I began to write what turned into my autobiography, a look at my own life through the lens of food.
Plato|All good and evil, whether in the body or in human nature, originates in the soul, and overflows from thence, as if from the head into the eyes.
Lisa Wingate, The Story Keeper|The worst kind of crying wasn't the kind everyone could see- the wailing on street corners, the tearing at clothes. No, the worst kind happened when your soul wept and no matter what you did, there was no way to comfort it.
Anne Rice|I don't believe in writers' block. Do doctors have 'doctors block?' Do plumbers have 'plumbers' block?" No. We all have days when we don't feel like working, but why do writers turn that into something so damn special by giving it a faintly romantic name.
Desmond Tutu, The Book of Joy: Lasting Happiness in a Changing World|We are fragile creatures, and it is from this weakness, not despite it, that we discover the possibility of true joy.
Ellen J. McClain, Embracing The Stranger: Intermarriage And The Future Of The American Jewish Community|Norwegian racism is always a kind of racism that is not prepared to accept it being qualified as such. Because we're the good guys, and racism is what bad people do.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|The power of a writer is that he is a god of sorts. He can create his own worlds and populate them with his own people, all by the powers of his imagination. It's the closest a man can come close to the gods. No wonder the most successful writers are considered immortals
Taslima Nasrin|Judaism is an intellectually based religion, and the single most important theme is that of study.
Yeng Pway Ngon, Trivialities About Me and Myself|Time will solve all the problems Chinese school graduates face. In our bilingual society, there are no more Chinese school graduates, only English school graduates who can speak Mandarin. These English school graduates probably can also read and write Chinese, but they did not go to a Chinese school, and they act and think differently from us. Drawing a line between us, they would never say they graduated from a Chinese school, because former Chinese school graduates, that is, the vanishing group of people that includes us, are second-class citizens. They, on the other hand, belong to the first class, the Chinese elite, English school graduates who are fluent in Chinese.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|It is impossible to see how good work might be accomplished by people who think that our life in this world either signifies nothing or has only a negative significance.If, on the other hand, we believe that we are living souls, God's dust and God's breath, acting our parts among other creatures all made of the same dust and breath as ourselves; and if we understand that we are free, within the obvious limits of moral human life, to do evil or good to ourselves and to the other creatures - then all our acts have a supreme significance. If it is true that we are living souls and morally free, then all of us are artists. All of us are makers, within mortal terms and limits, of our lives, of one another's lives, of things we need and use...If we think of ourselves as living souls, immortal creatures, living in the midst of a Creation that is mostly mysterious, and if we see that everything we make or do cannot help but have an everlasting significance for ourselves, for others, and for the world, then we see why some religious teachers have understood work as a form of prayer...Work connects us both to Creation and to eternity. (pg. 316, Christianity and the Survival of Creation)
Jarett Sabirsh, Love All-Knowing: An Epic Spiritual Poem|Om-nipotent, Om-nipresent, Om-niscient, Omall is wholly undivided, instructed the physicist, David Bohmthe enfolded and unfolded, that of formlessness and formfrom the implicate unmanifest to the explicate manifest bornoriginating from an underlying nonphysical orderemerges physical reality with its illusory bordersthe whole of existence exists in every wee partall is here now—the cosmos' stern, bow, starboard and portthe invisible portion of existence is pure potentialityawareness itself as a field of infinite possibilityphysical reality a holographic illusionscience says so—that's its conclusionthe new science is within and is up to youa simple experiment with loving prayer will dofollowing science honestly, one is led inward toowith zero biases, mind and reality are seen as not-twowho cares what proofs others are utteringlive it yourself or you know nothingmake a cloud square shape in a oneness experimentrepeat “thank you square cloud” with joyous, grateful intentthe results of this being easily duplicatableshows that a unitive conscious universe is no fableNative Americans have their time-tested rain dancea prayer to the Great Spirit resulting in watered plants
Augustine of Hippo|As you begin to look deeply into the mystery of your own evolution, in place of good and evil you will find only stories, finished or unfinished.
Hiromu Arakawa, Fullmetal Alchemist, Vol. 1|Every body has their taste in noises as well as other matters; and sounds are quite innoxious, or most distressing, by their sort rather than their quantity.
Miguel Syjuco, Ilustrado|As a young person, and I know it’s hard to believe that I was shy, but you could take your camera, and it would take you to places: it was like having a friend, like having someone to go out with and look at the world. I would do things with a camera I wouldn’t do normally if I was just by myself.
Pete Hegseth|A man's country is not a certain area of land, of mountains, rivers, and woods, but it is a principle and patriotism is loyalty to that principle.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|There is so much want. I feel it so much that I am water, a river of want, pooled in the shape of a girl named Cassia.
George Vecsey|Television is making sports universal; for the same reason, big-time soccer is growing more popular in the United States.
Eliot Schrefer|All you need is one thought and one word. When you learn how to connect them, you can do anything you like.
Clayton M. Christensen|The architecture for 'Paladin' - given that it's at least three books, with the possibility of more - turned out to be bigger than anything I've ever created, with multiple levels of reality, interlocking mysteries and a terabyte of time frame.
Katie Reus, Sweetest Surrender|He didn't have many friends, but he valued his friendship with Angel. She was kind and giving and one of the few women who didn't look at him like he was an un-caged tiger
Fakeer Ishavardas|Humans, left to own misguided devices, scratches the Divine in the self as one would the lice, but remember to lick well all the vices.
Lucy Hawking|Personally I had the opportunity to go on several ride alongs with the LA County Sheriff's Department with some amazing detectives, who were invaluable to me.
Sunday Adelaja|If you want to know the value of a day, ask someone who could not find food to eat or water to drink for a whole day when he is hungry.
Shireen Jeejeebhoy, Lifeliner: The Judy Taylor Story|By the deficits we may know the talents, by the exceptions we may know the rules, by studying patholgoy we may construct a model of health.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau|When we have machines that are as intelligent - and then twice as intelligent - as we are, there is no reason why that relationship cannot be synergistic rather than antagonistic.
Cassandra Clare, Lord of Shadows|If you believe only in facts and forget stories, your beain will live, but your heart will die
Robert Neil Fleischer, Alien Biography|Always remember the hankering for the 'other' is never for them, but to use them as a means of your EGO, you turn them into a commodity and thats why every relationship gets ruined. Mind YOU!
David Nicholls, Us|The ultimate purpose of our life is to be happy. We are born for happiness, we are going toward happiness, we like to live in happiness, and we like to vanish from this universe for eternal happiness.
Wayne Wignall, Earth and Mars|I killed a couple of people,” Scooter said. “Wanna play cards?
Lauren King|You have no idea how much the last few days have meant to me," I began. "Meeting you has been the best thing that's ever happened to me.
Gwyneth Paltrow|Female rappers get it the hardest. You have to be a girl, yet you have to be just as hard as the guys. I think some female rappers get scared out of the business before they can make it.
Gloria E. Anzaldúa|Teaching is a gift you give not only to others, but also to yourself. You give and you receive, you teach and you learn.
Francis A. Schaeffer, How Should We Then Live? The Rise and Decline of Western Thought and Culture|Caught in a terrible cycle, I was thinking about what I thought about my own thoughts, so I went to the bar where I got myself a glass of water.
Anna Jae|Someone once told her there's a formula for how long it takes to get over someone, that it's half as long as the time you've been together. Hadley has her doubts about how accurate this could possibly be, a calculation so simple for something as complicated as heartbreak.
carol piner|Problems are providence in disguise. All things good and bad, problematic and praise worthy are providential-God conceived, sustaining and guiding. With the right perspective, patience, hard work and hindsight, we can push through, beyond our pain, to a place of realization... that our troubles are simply part of the hands of the Potter who molds the very essence of our human spirit. As long as we breathe, we will be shaped by our problems but it’s our response that truly defines us. ~Jason Versey
Ashley Beale, Illusion|You're absolutely insane, that much I'm certain of, but it's one of the many things I love about you.
Charles   Lee, The Way To Dawn: Ascension Zero|You are still thinking like a child, talking about friendship and crap. You’ll regret it when you see one of them die in front of you.
Hans Christian Andersen, The Ugly Duckling|Don’t just hope the big idea is going to come, make it happen
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Every symbol, word, concept, discipline and field is only a temporary rest stop on the highway of discovery.
Henry Adams|Friends confront each other sometimes, and sometimes the friendship lasts, and sometimes it doesn't.
Scylar Tyberius, Sebastian the Great|The world is what YOU think of it, so think of it DIFFERENTLY and your life will change.
Elizabeth Smart, The Assumption of Rogues and Rascals|Different though the sexes are, they inter-mix. In every human being a vacillation from one sex to the other takes place, and often it is only the clothes that keep the male or female likeness, while underneath the sex is the very opposite of what it is above. 
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|The other important thing to understand is that as humans we see only a segment of reality in the greater cosmic scheme of things, so we are really never in a position to judge anyone or anything.
Shannon L. Alder|We knew no one man had killed the prophet. Rather, the combined weight of racism and an absence of moral courage had crushed him. A constitution ignored, laws denied, these were the weapons. America pulled the trigger.
Bulfinch, Thomas|She became his Ariadne, leading him through the labyrinth of books, stopping now and then to pass another one to him.
Sunday Adelaja|God is only interested in fulfilling your needs, not your wants; learn to successfully weed out your wants from your needs. Matthew 6:8
Hannah Ware|The Hiltons know how to put on a good wedding, that's all I can say.
Peggy Morehouse Strack, A Stop in the Park|Maybe dream chasing is like climbing a mountain. You know, finding the trail, stepping onto it. At first you're energetic and it's easy. Then you trip over a root, face a huge boulder, or a steep incline. So you stand up after the fall, find your way around the boulder, and trudge up the vertical. Eventually, you're on top of the mountain with an expansive view of the world." ~ Michael Stlis in "A Stop in the Park
Lisa Genova, Still Alice|Women. They're irresistible that's for sure, and they love to remind us that they are the keepers of our desires.
Courtney M. Privett, Mayfly Requiem|The tear-stained letters of my regret will remain forever unread, for I am never going to be strong enough to give them to you.
C. JoyBell C.|I think that, people are people. That's why the way I treat the lady working in the deli who slices my ham is the same way I treat my friend who drives a Chrysler. That's why the way I treat the guy who packs my groceries is the same way I treat my rich friends. Because people are people. Some are rich and some are poor, and they're all people.
Erica Jong, Fear of Fifty: A Midlife Memoir|That would be fine,” she said “If we’re alone, we’ll leave the lamp lighted so that we can see each other, and I can holler as much as I want without anybody’s having to butt in, and you can whisper in my ear any crap you can think of.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Always! That is a dreadful word. It makes me shudder when I hear it. Women are so fond of using it. They spoil every romance by trying to make it last forever. It is a meaningless word, too. The only difference between a caprice and a life-long passion is that the caprice lasts a little longer.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Mrs. Bulstrode's naïve way of conciliating piety and worldliness, the nothingness of this life and desirability of cut glass, the consciousness at once of filthy rags and the best damask...
Eleanor Roosevelt|The encouraging thing is that every time you meet a situation, though you may think at the time it is an impossibility and you go through the tortures of the damned, once you have met it and lived through it you find that forever after you are freer than you ever were before. If you can live through that, you can live through anything. You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face.
Jonathan Sacks|When my late father died — now I'm in mourning for my late mother — that sense of grief and bereavement suddenly taught me that so many things that I thought were important, externals, etc., all of that is irrelevant. You lose a parent, you suddenly realize what a slender thing life is, how easily you can lose those you love. Then out of that comes a new simplicity and that is why sometimes all the pain and the tears lift you to a much higher and deeper joy when you say to the bad times, "I will not let you go until you bless me.
Thich Nhat Hanh, No Death, No Fear|Impermanence means that everything changes and that nothing remains the same in any consecutive moments. And although things change every moment, they still cannot be accurately described as the same or as different from what they were a moment ago.
Douglas Adams|Don’t ever yell at me. I don’t yell, so talk to me in a regular voice.
Epictetus, The Discourses|The philosopher's school, ye men, is a surgery: you ought not to go out of it with pleasure, but with pain. For you are not in sound health when you enter.
D.A. Botta|I wasn't that good you know. What I was was a guy who could write a little, publishing in magazines surrounded by people who couldn't write at all. So I looked pretty good. But I never thought I was that good at all. All that I thought was that I tried to tell the truth.
Robert Ferrigno, Heart of the Assassin|Freedom is a terrible burden, much too heavy for the weak man to bear.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|It is a sign of arrogance to be mad at someone for not acting as per your advice, especially if it was unsolicited.
Rodney Frelinghuysen|As fears about the energy and environmental crises reach a fever pitch, we're all searching for solutions. And one possibility is that we could fix everything if we'd just shrink our population back down to about 2 billion people - which would put us roughly where we were at 80 years ago.
Mary Potter Kenyon, Refined By Fire: A Journey of Grief and Grace|The whole encounter was surreal. No one had mentioned cancer. I hadn’t requested special treatment for Jacob. Yet he’d just nabbed a private meeting with an actor from his favorite movie. I would later ask Mike, the comic book store owner, what had prompted him to invite Jacob to the supper and a private meeting with Mr. Bulloch.“It was Jeremy at the door. He recognized something in Jacob. Jeremyis a cancer survivor.
Martin Luther King Jr., A Knock at Midnight: Inspiration from the Great Sermons of Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr.|Now there is a final reason I think that Jesus says, "Love your enemies." It is this: that love has within it a redemptive power. And there is a power there that eventually transforms individuals. Just keep being friendly to that person. Just keep loving them, and they can’t stand it too long. Oh, they react in many ways in the beginning. They react with guilt feelings, and sometimes they’ll hate you a little more at that transition period, but just keep loving them. And by the power of your love they will break down under the load. That’s love, you see. It is redemptive, and this is why Jesus says love. There’s something about love that builds up and is creative. There is something about hate that tears down and is destructive. So love your enemies. (from "Loving Your Enemies")
Nikki Rowe|Great God of wonders, the Creator of all dreams.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Give! If you have nothing to give, don't forget to give your love.
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|What one means by integrity, in the case of the novelist, is the conviction that he gives one that this is the truth. . . . When one so exposes it [integrity] and sees it come to life one exclaims in rapture, But this is what I have always felt and known and desired! And one boils over with excitement, and, shutting the book even with a kind of reverence as if it were something very precious, a stand-by to return to as long as one lives, one puts it back on the shelf.
Mortimer Adler|If you wish to be loved, show more of your faults than your virtues.
Veronica Rossi, Under the Never Sky|She'd survived the outside. She'd survived the Aether and cannibals and wolves. She knew how to love now, and how to let go. Whatever came next, she would survive it, too
Ann Aguirre, Horde|If other people owe you an apology, and your words of apology to them are proper and heartfelt, you still may not hear from them for a while. After all, what are the odds that they get to the right emotional place to apologize at the exact moment you do? So just be patient. Many times in my career, I saw students apologize, and then several days later, their teammates came around. Your patience will be both appreciated and rewarded.
|Look beyond your adversities and never stop loving your life. Open the door of your mind to embrace positivity and then push forward with faith. Once there is life and the presence of God, there will always be endless possibilities.
Brian Littrell|You are the grace of my life So tender, so undeserved Hard to believe you're my wife Even harder to put what I feel into words If I need evidence God is good Just looking at you is enough You are the grace of my life For you grace my life with your love
Hermann Hesse, Demian. Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend|To his surprise, Jean kissed him. So often in the past, teasing, she had said she would, one day. Now she did, and it was a quick and fragrant touch to his lips that gave him courage and, even before he started out made him yearn to come back home.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Bread We Eat in Dreams|If you can't find the spirit of the holidays in your heart, you'll never find it under a tree.
Meg Cabot, The Princess Diaries|Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something is more important than fear.
Hassanal Bolkiah|Augustine says that you don't understand a nation by the throw weight of its military or the strength of its research universities or the size of its population, but by looking at what it loves in common. To assess a nation, you look at the health and strength of its ideals. And there's no question that the common love in America is freedom.
Jonathan M. Katz, The Big Truck That Went By: How the World Came to Save Haiti and Left Behind a Disaster|Hopefully, someday we will both realize that despite our sharp differences, you and I have more in common than we think.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther|No one is willing to believe that adults too, like children, wander about this earth in a daze and, like children, do not know where they come from or where they are going, act as rarely as they do according to genuine motives, and are as thoroughly governed as they are by biscuits and cake and the rod.
Sophia Dembling, Introverts in Love: The Quiet Way to Happily Ever After|Hiding your introversion is a bad idea because introversion itself is not a problem. It only causes problems if different needs affect factored into a burgeoning relationship and handled with respect and understanding. No doubt introversion-related issues will come up over time in a long-term relationship--healthy relationships are fluid and ever changing--but if you start out being honest with yourself and the other person, you will have built a foundation for later adaptation, compromise, and mutual comfort and happinesses.
Dyrr Keusseyan|Going through fear is one thing, being beyond it is another.
Frank Ocean|It is the hour to rend thy chains, the blossom time of souls.
George Bernard Shaw|Use your health, even to the point of wearing it out. That is what it is for. Spend all you have before you die; do not outlive yourself.
Jay Woodman|What destiny is there, but to sense, observe, merge, re-emerge,Empty, yet filled, spreading everywhere, inside, outside, in, Pulsing, fluctuating, breathing as part of one being, Whispering, feeling, reflecting, flowing between hot and cold, Mineral and plant, dark and light, love and fear, new and old.
Munindra Misra, Lord Shiv & Family: In English Rhyme|नील कण्ठ वाहनम् द्विषद् भुजम् किरीटिनं लोल रत्न कुण्डल प्रभा अभिराम षण्मुखम् ।शूल शक्ति दण्ड कुक्कुट अक्ष मालिका धरं बालम् ईश्वरम् कुमारशैल वासिनम् भजे ॥१I worship the young god who dwells on Kumarasaila surely, Whose vehicle is the peacock, has twice six arms to see, Wears a crown, whose six faces glow by gem ear pieces clearly,Who holds a trident, a missile, a staff, a cock and a rosary. 1
Margaret Landon|You can never make the same mistake twice because the second time you make it, it's not a mistake, it's a choice.
Alaska Angelini, Rush|But it wasn’t mine anymore. It was his. I was his. Something in that flirted with the submissive I knew that lurked inside. How long had I waited and searched for the right man? One who could dominate me with more than just words? A sadist that liked the extreme side of life? That’s what I needed, and one with a darkness to match my own.
Lord Dunsany, The Book of Wonder|If we don't learn to mythologize our lives, inevitably we will pathologize them.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse|He then put both hands on the door on either side of my head and leaned in close, pinning me against it. I trembled like a downy rabbit caught in the clutches of a wolf. The wolf came closer. He bent his head and began nuzzling my cheek. The problem was…I wanted the wolf to devour me.
Youns Hussein|If you are a dreamer, come sit by my fire. For we have some flax-golden tales to spin; come in! Come in!
Patti Stanger|I'm a big romantic, traditional, cheesy guy.
Josh McDowell|There is no easy walk to freedom anywhere, and many of us will have to pass through the valley of the shadow of death again and again before we reach the mountaintop of our desires.
Howard Bloom, The God Problem: How a Godless Cosmos Creates|A = A is a simplification, one so radical that it sometimes utterly distorts reality. It skins reality alive. Is A = A useful? Does logic come in handy? Is math a magnificent symbolic system with which to comprehend what's around us? And is math based on A = A? Yes. Absolutely. But math and logic are just that - very, very simplified representations. Symbolic systems with massive powers. But symbolic systems that sometimes do enormous injustice to the richness of that which they attempt to represent. Symbol systems that sometimes do enormous injustice to science's greatest mystery, cosmic creativity.
Bob Dylan|Life is more or less a lie, but then again, that's exactly the way we want it to be.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|I wasn’t reading poetry because my aim was to work my way through English Literature in Prose A–Z.But this was different.I started to cry.(…)The unfamiliar and beautiful play made things bearable that day, and the things it made bearable were another failed family—the first one was not my fault, but all adopted children blame themselves. The second failure was definitely my fault.I was confused about sex and sexuality, and upset about the straightforward practical problems of where to live, what to eat, and how to do my A levels.I had no one to help me, but the T.S. Eliot helped me.So when people say that poetry is a luxury, or an option, or for the educated middle classes, or that it shouldn’t be read at school because it is irrelevant, or any of the strange and stupid things that are said about poetry and its place in our lives, I suspect that the people doing the saying have had things pretty easy. A tough life needs a tough language—and that is what poetry is. That is what literature offers—a language powerful enough to say how it is.It isn’t a hiding place. It is a finding place.
Thomas Wolfe|Children will always be afraid of the dark, and men with minds sensitive to hereditary impulse will always tremble at the thought of the hidden and fathomless worlds of strange life which may pulsate in the gulfs beyond the stars, or press hideously upon our own globe in unholy dimensions which only the dead and the moonstruck can glimpse.
Voltaire|I have never made but one prayer to God, a very short one: Oh Lord, make my enemies ridiculous. And God granted it.", May 16, 1767)
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|Sometimes life appears one way, but what matters is how you internalize life and its lessons.
Jürgen Moltmann|Judgement immobilizes, only hopeful love leaves an opening for God's alternative future.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Pray, read and mediate on the Scripture.
Stormie Omartian|When a wise woman speaks, her words are gracious. Ask God to help you find words that speak life to those around you.
Martina Navratilova|Many of the most successful men I have known have never grown up. They have retained bubbling-over boyishness. They have relished wit  they have indulged in humor. They have not allowed "dignity" to depress them into moroseness. Youthfulness of spirit is the twin brother of optimism  and optimism is the stuff of which American business success is fashioned. Resist growing up!
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|Free curiosity has greater power to stimulate learning than rigorous coercion. Nevertheless, the free ranging flux of curiosity is channeled by discipline under Your Law.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|[Harper] once told a friend, "I think about strategy twenty-four hours a day," and it was only a small exaggeration.
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk|Humankind is made up of two sexes, women and men. Is it possible for humankind to grow by the improvement of only one part while the other part is ignored? Is it possible that if half of a mass is tied to earth with chains that the other half can soar into skies?
Kelly Clarkson|When two people respect each other, the ability to be vulnerable and to reveal hurt feelings can create a powerful emotional connection that is the source of real intimacy and friendship.
Thomas Hardy, The Mayor of Casterbridge|From the heart arise unknowable impulses as well as conscious feelings, moods, and wishes. The heart, too, has its reasons and is the center of perception and understanding. Finally, the heart is the seat of the will: it makes plans and comes to good decisions. Thus the heart is the central and unifying organ of our personal life. Our heart determines our personality, and is therefore not only the place where God dwells but also the place to which Satan directs his fiercest attacks. It is this heart that is the place of prayer. The prayer of the heart is a prayer that directs itself to God from the center of the person and thus affects the whole of our humanness.
Madonna|No matter who you are, no matter what you did, no matter where you've come from, you can always change, become a better version of yourself.
Thomas Jay Oord, The Nature of Love: A Theology|He felt the journal in his pocket. It was like a pair of glasses that he had worn for a time, enabling him to see a world he didn't even know existed.
Eve Forward, Villains by Necessity|If there was such evil in the world, was it possible that there was good, too?
Toni Morrison, The Bluest Eye|God what an outfield,' he says. 'What a left field.' He looks up at me, and I look down at him. 'This must be heaven,' he says.No. It's Iowa,' I reply automatically. But then I feel the night rubbing softly against my face like cherry blossoms; look at the sleeping girl-child in my arms, her small hand curled around one of my fingers; think of the fierce warmth of the woman waiting for me in the house; inhale the fresh-cut grass small that seems locked in the air like permanent incense; and listen to the drone of the crowd, as below me Shoelss Joe Jackson tenses, watching the angle of the distant bat for a clue as to where the ball will be hit.I think you're right, Joe,' I say, but softly enough not to disturb his concentration.
Mikhail Gorbachev|The further human society drifts away from nature, the less we understand interdependence.
Ambrose Bierce, The Boarded Window|Deep sadness is an artist of powers that affects people in different ways. To one it comes like the stroke of an arrow, shocking all the emotions to a sharper life. To another, it comes as the blow of a crushing strike.
Henry David Thoreau|Thank God men cannot fly, and lay waste the sky as well as the earth.
Steve Ballmer|Crime and bad lives are the measure of a State's failure, all crime in the end is the crime of the community.
Ariana Grande|I want to understand about change--I don't just want to be at the mercy of it. I feel like I'm waking up inside. I want to know about history. I have all this new information about people like me down through the ages, but I don't know anything about the ages.
David Mackay, Sustainable Energy - Without the Hot Air|The pure power of a life can manifest as beatitude, or as an unspeakable, sheer violence...
Sri Aurobindo|The Unknown is not the Unknowable; it need not remain the unknown for us, unless we choose ignorance or persist in our first limitations. For to all things that are not unknowable, all things in the universe, there correspond in that universe faculties which can take cognisance of them, and in man, the microcosm, these faculties are always existant and at a certain stage capable of development. We may choose not to develop them; where they are partially developed, we may discourage and impose on them a kind of atrophy. But, fundamentally all possible knowledge is knowledge within the power of humanity. And since in man there is the inalienable impulse of Nature towards self-realisation, no struggle of the intellect to limit the action of our capacities within a determined area can for ever prevail.
G.K. Chesterton, All Things Considered|it will be generally found that the popular joke is not true to the letter, but is true to the spirit. The joke is generally in the oddest way the truth and yet not the fact.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|I like slang words, straight to the point. I like words of wisdom, straight to the heart.
Jhumpa Lahiri|I don't know why, but the older I get the more interested I get in my parents' marriage. And it's interesting to be married yourself, too, because there is an inevitable comparison.
Faraaz Kazi|No matter how bad your heart is broken, the world doesn't stop for your grief.
Jettie Necole, Ruby|It was quite apparent that he'd been bestowed all the charms of any handsomely clad rake. A demeanor to match, Ruby thought.
Jorge Cruise|If a severe pandemic materializes, all of society could pay a heavy price for decades of failing to create a rational system of health care that works for all of us.
Yōko Ogawa, The Housekeeper and the Professor|I'm sorry to say that the subject I most disliked was mathematics. I have thought about it. I think the reason was that mathematics leaves no room for argument. If you made a mistake, that was all there was to it.
Stephen Levine, A Year to Live: How to Live This Year as If It Were Your Last|Relate to the fear, not just from it. (50)
Alexa Von Tobel|If an ignorant person is attracted by the things of the world, that is bad. But if a learned person is thus attracted, it is worse.
Craig Groeschel, Altar Ego: Becoming Who God Says You Are|I will be merciful, and I will believe in people. If I am to err, I will err on the side of mercy. I will give people the benefit of the doubt. I will bend, but not break, in order to give people the opportunity to grow and develop.
Dorothy Koomson, My Best Friend's Girl|... but that's the beauty of boarding school. I make all my own decisions, small and medium, while the big ones are left up to the Prefect Academy - and as far as boys go, to the only expert I know - Suzanne Santry
Brandon Sanderson, Awakening| 'But even I know that in your line of work, there's a difference between being a volunteer and being volun-told.' 
Hyman G. Rickover|We've had enough." He took back the report and jammed it under his arm. "We've had a bellyful, in fact.""And like everyone who's had enough," said Control as Alleline noisily left the room, "he wants more.
Irina Serban, Full Circle|The moon was reigning over their world, glowing its full splendor to all those willing to look up.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|We create our own future by our own beliefs, which control our actions. A strong enough belief system, a sufficiently powerful conviction, can make anything happen. This is how we create our consensus reality, including our gods.
Christopher Rees|You reach a point where the pain gets so acute you do not feel it anymore, but to reach that point, you experience so much pain that you're unable to forget the suffering that led you there.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Music is my enchanter, the seducer of my emotions, the fire and ice that moves me.
Kenza Slaoui|No, I don't have a ring but I have my heart and it's all yours.
Moe Cidaly|No matter what sort of car you are driving or how fast you drive, we all meet behind the same red light.
Rachel Gibson, See Jane Score|We’ll have sex all night. Half the morning too. And just when you think you can’t take anymore, we’ll go at it again.
Pamela Druckerman, French Children Don't Throw Food|One day I have a revelation. ‘I think we’re actually quite compatible,’ I tell him. ‘You’re irritable, and I’m irritating.
Dannielle Wicks, Broken Sunrise|You were right. I can't be trusted around people." "What does that make me? A stuffed potato?
Charlotte Stein, Run to You|I'll be the judge of that, I whispered, pressing my lips into his and, just like that, we were the only people on the dance floor. The only people in the universe. Jude was the sickness I didn't want to be cured of. He was the intoxicant I never wanted to be clear of.
Tamora Pierce, Trickster's Queen|There is power and there is power, my dear. My power can be vast, in the right places.
Robert Jastrow, The Enchanted Loom|There is a strange ring of feeling and emotion in these reactions [of scientists to evidence that the universe had a sudden beginning]. They come from the heart whereas you would expect the judgments to come from the brain. Why? I think part of the answer is that scientists cannot bear the thought of a natural phenomenon which cannot be explained, even with unlimited time and money. There is a kind of religion in science; it is the religion of a person who believes there is order and harmony in the Universe. Every event can be explained in a rational way as the product of some previous event; every effect must have its cause, there is no First Cause. … This religious faith of the scientist is violated by the discovery that the world had a beginning under conditions in which the known laws of physics are not valid, and as a product of forces or circumstances we cannot discover. When that happens, the scientist has lost control. If he really examined the implications, he would be traumatized.
Havelock Ellis|There is always a type of man who says he loves his fellow men, and expects to make a living at it.
Voltaire|Such then is the human condition, that to wish greatness for one's country is to wish harm to one's neighbors.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, The Complete Works of Charles Spurgeon - Volume 34, Sermons|Even at the time, [he] felt his anger to be out of proportion to the cause, but it represented an accumulation of resentment.
Yanan Melo, Naaalala Niyo Ba Ang Noli Me Tangere?|Our ancestors wholeheartedly sacrificed their lives to fight against tyranny, and we are allowing that very same tyranny to exist! Let us open our eyes!
Amy Winehouse|I am what I am... but for the first time in my life, I'm sorry for it.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|Actual happiness always looks pretty squalid in comparison with the overcompensations for misery. And, of course, stability isn't nearly so spectacular as instability. And being contented has none of the glamour of a good fight against misfortune, none of the picturesqueness of a struggle with temptation, or a fatal overthrow by passion or doubt. Happiness is never grand.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|In other words, we are never freer than when we become most ourselves, most human, most just, most excellent, and the like.
Carmen Agra Deedy|You don't know what a rough crowd is. If all I have to do is go make people laugh, that's nothing. Let me tell you what a tough crowd is. A tough crowd is going to a morning service and you got six people there and you gotta pat your house payment. That's a tough crowd.
Amber Belldene, Blood Entangled|She had a destiny, and it was wonderful, every girl’s dream. Like Sleeping Beauty, awoken from a deep sleep by a charming vampire, Lena would have her very own fairy tale.
Brigitte Bardot|I'm an active participation guy. No matter how much money you make, no matter how famous you are, you're not above going outside and cutting trees. I do it all the time.
Roman Payne, Cities & Countries|I’ve decided the act that cannot wait / is the important will to create / But, ah, if my belly is ignored / the pantry door I shall implore / But I’ve been known to reach the bed / ideas still famished in my head.
Pat Conroy, South of Broad|Help them, but don't make friends with them.
John Cheever, The Stories of John Cheever|We’d all agreed that we’d outgrown jumping rope, but Shady had given me such a nice gift of a skipping rope, and when there’s nothing better to do, I guess you go back to what once felt good.
Christina Baker Kline|I think about all the ways I’ve been perceived by others over the years: as a burden, a dutiful daughter, a girlfriend, a spiteful wretch, an inva
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|Imagination does not breed insanity. Exactly what does breed insanity is reason. Poets do not go mad; but chess-players do. Mathematicians go mad, and cashiers; but creative artists very seldom. I am not, as will be seen, in any sense attacking logic: I only say that this danger does lie in logic, not in imagination.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|the lies of centuries, the lies of love,the lies of Socrates and Blake and Christwill be your bedmates and tombstonesin a death that will never end.
Noreena Hertz|We must not constantly talk about tackling obesity and warning people about the negative consequences of obesity. Instead we must be positive - positive about the fun and benefits to be had from healthy living, trying to get rid of people's excuses for being obese by tackling the issue in a positive way.
Alyson Noel, Eternal Flame|If I could only escape, if I could only escape... he murmured the words to himself a dozen times; then metaphorically shook himself for being so impractical, so romantic, so dutiless.
Gore Vidal, The Last Empire: Essays 1992-2000|Foreigners are mystified by the whole business while thoughtful Americans – there are several of us – are equally mystified that the ruling establishment of the country has proved to be so mindlessly vindictive that it is willing, to be blunt, to overthrow the lawful government of the United States – that is, a president elected in 1992 and reelected in 1995 by We the People, that sole source of all political legitimacy, which takes precedence over the Constitution and the common law and God himself.
Stanley Milgram|Each individual possesses a conscience which to a greater or lesser degree serves to restrain the unimpeded flow of impulses destructive to others. But when he merges his person into an organizational structure, a new creature replaces autonomous man, unhindered by the limitations of individual morality, freed of humane inhibition, mindful only of the sanctions of authority.
Don S. McClure|Words I ONCE HEARD A MAN SAY OR WAS IT SOMEWHERE I READ, OR MAYBE SOMETHING I WROTE A THOUSAND TIMES IN MY MIND. YOU GOT TO FIND YOUR OWN MEANING IN THIS WORLD. NO MATTER HOW MUCH YOU CHANGED, YOU STILL HAVE TO PAY THE PRICE FOR THE THINGS YOU HAVE DONE. AS I CONTINUE ON MY JOURNEY OR WHAT SOME CALL THE LONG ROAD OF LIFE I KNOW I WILL REMEMBER THAT SPECIAL YOU.KNOWING I WILL SEE YOU FOREVER IN MY DREAMS IN THIS WORLD OR THE NEXT.
NeNe Leakes|There have to be reasons that you get up in the morning and you want to live. Why do you want to live? What's the point? What inspires you? What do you love about the future? If the future does not include being out there among the stars and being a multi-planet species, I find that incredibly depressing.
Kristen Ashley, Bounty|When kings the sword of justice first lay down,They are no kings, though they possess the crown.Titles are shadows, crowns are empty things,The good of subjects is the end of kings.
Margaret D. Nadauld|When I look out at the people and they look at me and they're smiling, then I know that I'm loved. That is the time when I have no worries, no problems.
Karl Marx|The less men think, the more they talk.
W. Clement Stone|Creating something that builds lasting value and changes the lives of millions of people requires forging a team that will work hard to overcome seemingly insurmountable obstacles, stand up to the pressures of fame and fortune, and stay true to the original vision long after others stop believing.
Peter Ackroyd|When my job was attempting to predict future economic developments for the Shell oil company, I was frequently reminded of an Arabic saying: 'Those who claim to foresee the future are lying, even if by chance they are later proved right.'
Albert Camus, The Stranger|How dare you? How dare you create a world in which there is such misery that is not our fault? It's not right. It's utterly, utterly evil. Why should I respect a capricious, mean-minded, stupid god who creates a world which is so full of injustice and pain.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You become strong by lifting others up, not pulling them down.
Sarah Lotz, The Three|Like my girlfriend Denisha is always saying (she’s an Episcopalian), some of Jesus’ best friends were sex workers.
Jay Woodman|To steal and copy my messages, given by Babajiis a Testimony of A Great Raper.
Orrin Woodward|It's the same thing with faith, by the way." We don't want to get stuck having to go to services all the time, or having to follow all the rules. We don't want to commit to God. We'll take Him when we need Him, or when things are going good. But real commitment? That requires staying power‎-‎-‎-in faith and in marriage."And if you don't commit? I asked."Your choice. But you miss what's on the other side."What's on the other side?"Ah." He smiled, "A happiness you cannot find alone.
Thomas Mann, Doctor Faustus|To be young means to be original, to have remained nearer to the sources of life: it means to be able to stand up and shake off the fetters of an outlived civilization, to dare -- where others lack the courage-- to plunge again into the elemental.
Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams|The death of a dream can in fact serve as the vehicle that endows it with new form, with reinvigorated substance, a fresh flow of ideas, and splendidly revitalized color. In short, the power of a certain kind of dream is such that death need not indicate finality at all but rather signify a metaphysical and metaphorical leap forward.
Dayananda Saraswati|You can't understand European history at all other than through religion, or English literature either if you can't recognise biblical allusions.
Meryl Sawyer, Half Moon Bay|I thought Beauty and the Beast were two people, not one.
Bunny Naidu|She didn't change her priorities, she just changed her source of entertainment.
Alice Hoffman, The Story Sisters|What was a demon but a lost soul, one that had been forced to use his skills to survive.
David Hume, Dialogues Concerning Natural Religion and The Natural History of Religion|To be a philosophical Sceptic is the first and most essential step towards being a sound, believing Christian.
Amit Kalantri|If you honor the moments by not wasting them, the Time will honor you back by remembering you as the hero, for the rest of the time to come.
Allan Frewin Jones, The Lost Queen|All life's a risk, that's what makes it interesting.
Zoe Kravitz|You really don't need to study how to change a diaper. As a new mom, you learn pretty darn quickly!
John Mark Green|Love isn't a feeling. It's much deeper than that. Yes, it's a choice, but there's also a necessity to be with that person that makes you depend on that person for survival. That feeling can't be fabricated.
Alexis  Hall, Glitterland|Look deep inside yourself and find your inner angel. Your inner angel will show you how to drop the anchor of emotional burden and fly. Your inner angel knows where to find light to chase away the darkness. Your inner angels helps you balance when the world pushes and pulls. And, most important of all, your inner angel has a wingspan that is broad enough to lift the hearts of those in pain.
Theodosius Dobzhansky|This new consensus seemed so compelling that Ernst Mayr, the dean of modern Darwinians, opened the ashcan of history for a deposit of Geoffrey's ideas about anatomical unity.
Sunday Adelaja|If we give the supply of growth, self-improvement, self-education, into our lives, life would favour us
Piet Hein|WHO IS LEARNED? A definition One who, consuming midnight oilin studies diligent and slow,teaches himself, with painful toil,the things that other people know.
Evy Michaels|Like seeds we start small, grow together and stand tall
Jim Davis, In Dog Years I'd be Dead: Garfield at 25|When the tea is brought at five o'clockAnd all the neat curtains are drawn with care,The little black cat with bright green eyesIs suddenly purring there.
Tui T. Sutherland, The Lost Heir|Sleeping on a dragon's hoard with greedy, dragonish thoughts in his heart, he had become a dragon himself.
Salman Rushdie|Yeah, I read history. But it doesn't make you nice. Hitler read history, too.
A.P., Sabine|Sickening, the way the youngest de Vibrey girl, to humour the whim of her kinky old father, is actually riding side-saddle today. Twisted round like a blooming corkscrew. Hymen be blowed, think of what it's doing to her innards, poor wretch, think of the strain on her spine when she goes over the fences.
Gore Vidal|Being irrational and out of control is what happens in real life. Not cautiously choreographing your anger or your emotions, losing yourself in them is what happens in real life.
Munia Khan|Only the fearless made proceed. Brave ones, foolish ones. Both walk not the middle road.
Robert Silverberg|A science fiction story is a story built around human beings, with a human problem and a human solution, which would not have happened at all without its scientific content.
Kevin Brockmeier, The Brief History of the Dead|What can I expect from myself? My sensation in all their horrible acuity, and a profound awareness of feeling. A sharp mind that only destroys me, and an unusual capacity for dreaming to keep me entertained. A dead will and a reflection that cradles it, like a living child.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We each want nothing more than to live for the moment. Nature hardwired us perpetually to follow the call of the wild, cull all the highs in life, and rejoice in life by dancing, singing, jumping, building nests, creating beauty, and playing with our young. We each find ourselves happiest when we are engaging in conduct that makes us feel alive.
Bryan White|People give you a hard time about being a kid at twelve. They didn't want to give you Halloween candy anymore. They said things like, "If this were the Middle Ages, you'd be married and you'd own a farm with about a million chickens on it." They were trying to kick you out of childhood. Once you were gone, there was no going back, so you had to hold on as long as you could.
Kevin J.  Donaldson, 10 Secrets of the New Rich: How To Join The World's New Breed Of Millionaires|Taking responsibility for your circumstances. Take responsibility. Be strong enough to admit your wrongs, ask for forgiveness, and think of constructive solutions to solve your problems.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|An employee made a mistake that cost the company $10 million, he walked into the office of Tom Watson, the C.E.O., expecting to get fired. “Fire you?” Mr. Watson asked. “I just spent $10 million educating you.
Amna Suheyl|They forget that for a Creator to create, He must be greater than His creation, thus He must be by definition not less than emotional.
Meredith Russo, If I Was Your Girl|I have a past, okay? And you really don't want to get involved with it.''Everybody's got a past,' he said. 'That doesn't mean you can't have a future.
Kabelo Mabona|But until that happens -- and however brief a life, it will take a while -- there is a terrible, hateful interlude that belongs to us alone, and during which we have no alternative but to cope with what we have done or omitted to do and to distract or placate our feelings of guilt, and sometimes the only way of achieving this is to increase that guilt, to heap up new guilt to cover the old, to overshadow or blur or minimize it, until finally all guilt has passed and there isn't a soul in the world who can remember what we did, no quick, wicked tongue to talk about it, not even a tremulous finger to point us out as having been the cause of anything.
Harold S. Geneen|A bankruptcy judge can fix your balance sheet, but he cannot fix your company.
William Shakespeare|A dagger wants flesh, her father would say. Find it.
Sunday Adelaja|Taking risks is part of life, but to take risks invites the possibility of disapointmet, but also the possiblity of true happiness
A.E.  Kirk, Drop Dead Demons|When she and Wren divided up their clothes, Wren had taken anything that said "party at a boy's place" or "leaving the house." Cath had taken everything that said "up all night writing" or "it's okay to spill tea on this."" (pg. 189)
C.S. Woolley|Equality today means "sameness" rather than "oneness".
Chanda Hahn, UnEnchanted|It’s too late for you Wilhelmina Grimm, great great great granddaughter of Wilhelm Grimm.
Nicola Sturgeon|I'm a big movie fan, and I want to make movies in every genre. I want to make my romantic comedy one day.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|I love acronyms, don’t you? They are quick and easy tools for remembering important lessons that are too good to forget. The PEACE acronym goes straight to the heart of the matter for delivering "Service Beyond Self." When you do this one thing, you will increase your opportunities, earn loyalty and respect, and rock your first and last impressions.Persistently Exceed All Customer Expectations
William Paul Young, The Shack|I would have made a terrible parent. The first time my child didn't do what I wanted, I'd kill him.
Bob Filner|Your determination, selflessness and courage have brought the freedom struggle towards its fulfilment.
Stephen Richards|The universe is infinite, and the experiences and opportunities available to us are likewise.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions|New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become.
J.P. Barnaby, Aaron|A conversation between Adso and William -You understand, Adso, I must believe that my proposition works, because I learned it by experience; but to believe it I must assume there are universal laws. Yet I cannot speak of them, because the very concept that universal laws and an established order exist would imply that God is their prisoner, whereas God is something absolutely free, so that if He wanted, with a single act of His will He could make the world different.""And so, if I understand you correctly, you act, and you know why you act, but you don't know know why you know that you know what you do?"I must say with pride that William gave me a look of admiration. "Perhaps that's it. In any case, this tells you why I feel so uncertain of my truth, even if I believe in it.
Olivier Theyskens|I am happy. I have a wonderful marriage. I was in a not-great second marriage for 20 years, then I fell in love with Steve, my first husband, again, and we remarried. I wore the dress from our first wedding in 1982 - it was tight, but I could get into it.
Julius Caesar|I think of myself as an ambassador of the arts. In my heart of hearts, I know the world would be a more peaceful, tender place if we were more moved by the poetry around us.
Marie Phillips, Gods Behaving Badly|I've never had sex," repeated Artemis. "Never wanted to." It was her turn not to look at him as she spoke. "Not with a man or with a woman, or with an animal, though my family joke about it. And I never will. The thought of it disgusts me. But the others - my family - they think that means I haven't got any feelings. That I could never care about anyone, that I don't know what love is, just because I don't-" she shuddered. "But you know what?" she said, turning to him now. "I really loved my dogs. Everyone laughs at me for it, but it's true. The time I spent with them, running, hunting, those were the happiest times of my life. They understood me. They were animals but they understood me far better than anyone in my family ever will. We shared something, we were the same. And they made me kill them.
Dag Hammarskjold|Hate is self-destructive. If you hate somebody, you're not hurting the person you hate. You're hurting yourself. And that's a healing. Actually, it's a real healing, forgiveness.
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|I can see,’ Miss Emily said, ‘that it might look as though you were simply pawns in a game. It can certainly be looked at like that. But think of it. You were lucky pawns. There was a certain climate and now it’s gone. You have to accept that sometimes that’s how things happen in the world. People’s opinions, their feelings, they go one way, then the other. It just so happens you grew up at a certain point in this process.’‘It might be just some trend that came and went,’ I said. ‘But for us, it’s our life.
Eleanor Roosevelt|Being happy is something you have to learn. I often surprise myself by saying  "Wow  this is it. I guess I'm happy. I've got a home that I love. A career that I love. I'm even feeling more and more at peace with myself." If there's something else to happiness  let me know. I'm ambitious for that  too.
Andrea Cremer, Rise|A hint of jealously once in a while is not only natural but a compliment therefore, always smile and accept it graciously for it shows they care...
Bernhard von Bulow|The vote, cast in a free atmosphere and with all inclinations and parties at present, was after all a vote to the Islamic Republic, to national independence, to the Constitution and to the Islamic causes.
Blakney Francis, Someone I Used to Know|I was seventeen all over again, falling into intrigue with the boy who was an exquisite contradiction.
Kirsten Sweetland|When you're too robotic and scripted, the students tune you out. So I always tried to use different learning modalities - kinesthetic, auditory, visual, whatever might bring learning to life.
Chris Matakas|Conventions are, indeed, all that shield us from the shivering void, though often they do so but poorly and desperately.
John Hodgman|We have all been empowered by the web: everyone with a keyboard can now effectively broadcast to a national audience. In a sense, it puts each of us on the same footing as the major media conglomerates, except for AOL, who now apparently own all our thoughts and teeth.
William Dalrymple, From the Holy Mountain: A Journey Among the Christians of the Middle East|Of the scaly tribe I may mention those suckers belonging to the body loaferish, that ever rise to the surface of respectability, but are always groveling in the mud of corruption, whose sole study appears to be how much they can get without the least physical exertion; and who would rather ride to hell in a hand-cart than walk to heaven supported by the staff of industry.
Tracee Ellis Ross|I'm way too famous and rich to be on a dating app, but if I get very desperate by the time I'm 60, I'll go on Tinder. Or I'll go on 'Millionaire Matchmaker'; I'll call Patti Stanger.
Kaoru Kurimoto, The Battle of Nospherus|Ever since you and I were boys of fifteen, I have been in countless battles, from skirmishes to giant wars that determined the fate of nations; if there is one thing I have learned from all that experience, Garanth, it is that battles are alive. Battles are living things. As with beasts, you must try to know them, you must handle them with care and some love, but you must never take your eyes off them, or they will go for your throat. Battles are wild beasts that can never be truly tamed, Garanth. You need both a whip and meat if you want them to turn on your foes and not yourself. The general . . . does not understand this.
Gaston Leroux, The Phantom of the Opera|You must know that I am made of death, from head to foot, and it is a corpse who loves you and adores you and will never, never leave you!
Joseph J. Ellis, His Excellency: George Washington|Because he could not afford to fail, he could not afford to trust.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Without the mellifluous notes of memory, there would be no songs to sing, no ballads dedicated to past afflictions or affections, and no church hymns celebrating the trials and tribulations of saints, martyrs, and holy deities. Without respect for memories for days gone by, we would lack impetuses to write poems or produce literature reflecting the bitter hardships and ineffable joys of human life. Without a reference to the past serving as an ethical compass pointing the way forward, we would be oblivious to the inequities committed by foes and the glorious deeds performed by our ancestors; we would lack the essential evenhandedness required of every caretaker; and we would be poor stewards of this planet. The loss of memory severs us at the stem from one another. Without the bond of shared memories, we would each remain forever unconnected to our brothers and sisters. Without the twigs of memory, we would lead a life as dry and disjointed as withered leaves scattered by a cruel wind.
Jodi Picoult, The Tenth Circle|Ad they entered Berlin, while still killing off the last of its German defenders, The Russians indulged in an orgy of rape and rage beyond the bounds of human Imagination. Over the course of ten days, about 130,000 women were raped---
Mariella Frostrup|We often read the Bible as if it were fundamentally about us: our improvement, our life, our triumph, our victory, our faith, our holiness, our godliness.
H.L. Mencken|The great artists of the world are never Puritans, and seldom even ordinarily respectable.
Chris Pine|First of all, I have to have trucks because I live most of my time on a horse farm, so I've gotta have trucks. It's in the northeast; I've got to have pickup trucks to move snow, number one. Number two, just if I'm driving, I don't have to have an SUV, but I want a big car.
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|But at night, when the library lamps are lit, the outside world disappears and nothing but the space of books remains in existence. 
Beth Fantaskey, Jessica Rules the Dark Side|You know what else he said?" Anne Marie asked."Tell me," I said. I didn't want to know, of course, but she was going to tell me anyway, so why not invite in the inevitable, which is why, in the movies, vampires have to be asked inside by their victims and always are.
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|I would rather be a devil in alliance with truth, than an angel in alliance with falsehood.
Louis L'Amour, Galloway|This one word “Love” has revolutionized the whole planet in an evolutionary way. Without this, none of us might have been born.
Kate Sherwood, Dark Horse|..., and sometimes there's just no point in arguing with him. "Yeah, okay 'me, Jeff, and Evan, sitting in a tree...'"Chris claps his hands triumphantly. "That's right, baby!" Than a more serious expression comes across his face. "But, in a tree? Really? I mean, im a not an expert on the gay sex thing, but I think the first time at least you should be on the ground..." And then the evening continues on as expected.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|The selfish and self-centered have a hard time being kind, even though you and I know that kindness is a source of relief to the soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The will of God is good, acceptable and perfect
David Walliams, Billionaire Boy|This lot won't suffer you forever.I wouldn't see you dead by their knives; I see a fine man within you Wit.""Yes, He tasted quite delicious.
James Forrestal|American POWs from the last Iraq war, who were held prisoner and tortured by Iraq, are now being prevented by our government from suing the Iraqis who tortured them.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|You can’t excel in everything but you can be exceptional in a few things, so why not choose your life’s focus?
Ellen DeGeneres|I believe that all is illusion and vanity outside the treasure of truths slowly accumulated, and which will never again be lost. I believe that the sum of these truths, always increasing, will at last confer on man incalculable power and peace, if not happiness. Yes, I believe in the final triumph of life.
Bertrand Russell|Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind. These passions, like great winds, have blown me hither and thither, in a wayward course, over a great ocean of anguish, reaching to the very verge of despair. I have sought love, first, because it brings ecstasy - ecstasy so great that I would often have sacrificed all the rest of life for a few hours of this joy. I have sought it, next, because it relieves loneliness--that terrible loneliness in which one shivering consciousness looks over the rim of the world into the cold unfathomable lifeless abyss. I have sought it finally, because in the union of love I have seen, in a mystic miniature, the prefiguring vision of the heaven that saints and poets have imagined. This is what I sought, and though it might seem too good for human life, this is what--at last--I have found.With equal passion I have sought knowledge. I have wished to understand the hearts of men. I have wished to know why the stars shine. And I have tried to apprehend the Pythagorean power by which number holds sway above the flux. A little of this, but not much, I have achieved. Love and knowledge, so far as they were possible, led upward toward the heavens. But always pity brought me back to earth. Echoes of cries of pain reverberate in my heart. Children in famine, victims tortured by oppressors, helpless old people a burden to their sons, and the whole world of loneliness, poverty, and pain make a mockery of what human life should be. I long to alleviate this evil, but I cannot, and I too suffer. This has been my life. I have found it worth living, and would gladly live it again if the chance were offered me.
Lindsey Rietzsch, The Happy Lady|When meeting criticism, he would regard it not as something to resent but as a thing to be examined, like an interesting beetle. "That's a curious view, not uninteresting.
Daniel Whyte III|I am ashamed to say this, but as a child, neither my parents not my teachers pushed me to read. In fact, I did not read an entire book through until I was a grown man and had learned the awesome power of reading on my own.
|The journey is never over until you succeed in a very massive way. That being said, it's time for you to tirelessly push harder with smarter strategies.
Sarah Brady|I seem to be thinking rationally again in the style that is characteristic of scientists. However, this is not entirely a matter of joy as if someone returned from physical disability to good physical health.
Bill McKibben|No man can be judged a criminal until he is found guilty; nor can society take from him the public protection until it has been proved that he has violated the conditions on which it was granted. What right, then, but that of power, can authorize the punishment of a citizen so long as there remains any doubt of his guilt?
Sarah Sundin, Where Treetops Glisten: Three Stories of Heartwarming Courage and Christmas Romance During World War II|Love and knowledge have one thing in common; both live on giving and sharing, more you share more it will be and make impacts over impacts, influence one to another. Love will not get lesser by giving and same goes to knowledge too..
Cate Blanchett|It is amazing that the wisdom of the chattering class to the Republicans is always, always, always 'Surrender your principles and agree with the Democrats.' That's been true for my entire lifetime.
Shahida Arabi, Becoming the Narcissist's Nightmare: How to Devalue and Discard the Narcissist While Supplying Yourself|Abuse grows from attitudes and values, not feelings. The roots are ownership, the trunk is entitlement, and the branches are control.
Cameron Dokey, Belle: A Retelling of Beauty and the Beast|Unhappy memories are persistent. They're specific, and it's the details that refuse to leave us alone. Though a happy memory may stay with you just as long as one that makes you miserable, what you remember softens over time. What you recall is simply that you were happy, not necessarily the individual moments that brought about your joy.But the memory of something painful does just the opposite. It retains its original shape, all bony fingers and pointy elbows. Every time it returns, you get a quick poke in the eye or jab in the stomach. The memory of being unhappy has the power to hurt us long after the fact. We feel the injury anew each and every time we think of it.
Michael DeLong, A General Speaks Out: The Truth About the Wars in Afghanistan and Iraq|I was beginning to see fewer of our weaknesses and more of our strengths; the events of the day were a reminder of how each of us had certain abilities that the rest did not. It was as if we were each a part of a whole body- one the hands, another the legs, and so on- dependent on one another and working best when we performed in unity. I felt inadequate then, unsure what part of this body I might be.
Dana Marton, Flash Fire|Her grandmother used to say there were men the devil put on earth to test good women. Clara was tempted to ask the guy whether he'd just zip-lined in from hell.	"Go away," she said instead.	His smile was worth a thousand words, most of them dirty. His voice dipped. "How can I, when your eyes begged me to come over?
Carl Henegan|...he was after all, a novelist...and a novelist was simply a fellow who got paid to tell lies. The bigger the lies, the better the pay.
Elizabeth Taylor|No, I will be the pattern of all patience; I will say nothing.
Christine Aziz|Desire overwhelmed me once she had gone. But it was not a desire for Homer. I had to return to the library. I could already smell the books' muskiness and in my mind turned over pages with as many differing textures as a forest; pages that were brittle and fragile which had to be coaxed to turn; pages that were soft and scented, presenting their words as if the were a gift in the palm of a hand, and pages that fell open heavily of their own accord as if weighted by the importance of their message. But more than anything else I was compelled by their mystery, by all the stories they had yet to tell me.'I have to go to the library, Homer. I have to be with the books.
Maggie Stiefvater, Linger|Hot weather opens the skull of a city, exposing its white brain, and its heart of nerves, which sizzle like the wires inside a lightbulb. And there exudes a sour extra-human smell that makes the very stone seem flesh-alive, webbed and pulsing.
Craig Froman, An Owl on the Moon: A Journal from the Edge of Darkness|Each scenario is about fifteen million years into the future, and each assumes that the Pacific Plate will continue to move northwest at about 2.0 inches per year relative to the interior of North America.In scenario 1, the San Andreas fault is the sole locus of motion. Baja California and coastal California shear away from the rest of the continent to form a long, skinny island. A short ferry ride across the San Andreas Strait connects LA to San Francisco.In scenario 2, all of California west of the Sierra Nevada, together with Baja California, shears away to the northwest. The Gulf of California becomes the Reno Sea, which divides California from Nevada. The scene is reminiscent of how the Arabian Peninsula split from Africa to open the Red Sea some 5 million years ago.In scenario 3, central Nevada splits open through the middle of the Basin and Range province. The widening Gulf of Nevada divides the continent form a large island composed of Washington, Oregon, California, Baja California, and western Nevada. The scene is akin to Madagascar’s origin when it split form eastern Africa to open the Mozambique Channel.
Donna Air|I believe in exploration, and I will miss being on the front lines of that endeavor. On one hand, I look forward to going home, but it's something that's been a big part of my life, and I'm going to miss it.
Loretta Chase, Lord Perfect|Bathsheba looked at Benedict. "You never told me they were matchmaking.""He didn't notice!" said his father before Benedict could answer. "He didn't notice handsome young misses of unexceptionable family. He didn't notice beautiful heiresses. We tried bluestockings. We tried country girls. We tried everything. He didn't notice! But Bathsheba Winngate, the most notorious woman in all of England, he noticed.""We notorious women tend to stand out," she said.
Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species|Far from being the smartest possible biological species, we are probably better thought of as the stupidest possible biological species capable of starting a technological civilization - a niche we filled because we got there first, not because we are in any sense optimally adapted to it.
Jane Yolen, Touch Magic: Fantasy, Faerie & Folklore in the Literature of Childhood|The tales of Elfland do not stand or fall on their actuality but on their truthfulness, their speaking to the human condition, the longings we all have for the Faerie Other.
Swami Pranayomama, How To Not Give A F-ck In Ten Easy Steps: The Modern Lay Person's Guide To Enlightenment|Do as I say, not as I do.
Keiko Nobumoto|Radical Edwards's profile? He's a seven-foot tall ex-basketball pro hindu guru drag-queen alien.-Jet Black, from the Cowboy Bebop anime script
Jennifer Frick-Ruppert, Spirit Quest|If you are feeling lost,helpless,down,sad,angry,betrayed,you name it,you can rise from it,you can create from it,you can grow from it.I am living proofthe most turbulent year of one’s lifecould also turn out to bethe greatest, more rewarding year, too.
Paul Murray|Every time you try to do something that anxiety wants to stop you from doing, you've struck a blow that will make the anxiety weaker.
Karen A. Baquiran|The thing which disappoints me most about the human race is the extraordinary lack of substance and depth, and the avoidance of opportunities where there is a possibility of experiencing something profound.
Kamy Wicoff, Wishful Thinking|It is an extravagant gesture,' she said, turning to the torpedo, 'which is just the sort of gesture I like.
Robin S. Sharma, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari: A Fable About Fulfilling Your Dreams  Reaching Your Destiny|Push yourself to do more and to experience more. Harness your energy to start expanding your dreams. Yes, expand your dreams. Don't accept a life of mediocrity when you hold such infinite potential within the fortress of your mind. Dare to tap into your greatness.
Ludwig Feuerbach, Lectures on the Essence of Religion|To theology, ... only what it holds sacred is true, whereas to philosophy, only what holds true is sacred.
Kris Kidd|Regret, albeit raw and relentless, is almost always unremarkable.
Anne Rice|Don’t worry…three vampire meanies and a horse won’t keep me away from you.” Kalina looked at Jaegar. Jaegar shrugged. “If you don’t get it, it’s before your time.” “And what time is that?” “The Dark Ages…that’s why you’ve never heard of it before. Everything was kept in the dark…
Holly Estil Cunningham, An Introduction to Philosophy|Among peoples who possess a highly developed pugnacious instinct we find the greatest progress in the arts, sciences, social and political organization, commerce and industry. The instinct takes the milder form of rivalry which is the motive force of the great portion of the serious labors of mankind.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical uplifting quotes and poems|Even if we eat the best diet ever (and I highly recommend that we do), we still may not achieve the longevity that is possible.
Laura Kinsale, Lessons in French|My God." He pushed away from the bedpost. "Friends! And do you fall into bed with any man who's 'dear' to you? How am I to take that?""Of course I don't." She stood up, letting the knotted scarf slip away. "I can't seem to help myself. With you. About that. It's extremely vexing.""You're quite right on that count," he said sullenly. "I'm damned vexed. I'd like to vex you right here on the floor, in fact. And the idea of Sturgeon vexing you is enough to dispose me to murder. Is that clear? Do you comprehend me?" He took a reckless stride toward her and caught her chin between his fingers. "I'm not your friend, my lady. I'm your lover.
Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season|All over the world there are students, teachers and parents that face serious challenges every day. They need help with real problems that have life-altering consequences—and a group of intelligent professionals brought together to advise and educate stakeholders in need of help ought to be able to do so without behaving like a middle school drama queen.
Dashiell Hammett, The Maltese Falcon|Listen, we got two stiffs and a river of red in a villa in Herne Bay...
irene fantopoulos|Sometimes silence is not an indicator of not caring, but a way to give time and space to the one who's hurting. Only judge when time passes ad the void widens such that the chasm cannot be bridged.
Elias Zapple, Duke & Michel: The Mysterious Corridor|Let there be a time in the future, I prayed, when he laughs with his children, and plays on the shore with them, and spends all his nights in loving arms. Let us have that. To whom I was praying I did not know. The future was in our own hands. If we wanted a world where such things were possible, it was for us to make it.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|But don't ever forget: adultery is also biblical grounds for forgiveness, healing, and restoration.
John Ortberg Jr., The Me I Want to Be: Becoming God's Best Version of You|We tend to be preoccupied by our problems when we have a heightened sense of vulnerability and a diminished sense of power. Today, see each problem as an invitation to prayer.
Miles Anthony Smith, Why Leadership Sucks™ Fundamentals of Level 5 Leadership and Servant Leadership|The Soul's sacred ground of being is the foundation for your doing. -- from the book, Doing a 360, page 135
Melina Marchetta, Looking for Alibrandi|I think, therefore I am, dangerous.
Elin Hilderbrand, Silver Girl|Fear gripped her like hands around the neck, the way it could only happen in an unfamiliar room in the pitch black of night.
Jorge Molist|Tessa, Will, and Jem had raised James in love, and had surrounded him with love and the goodness it could produce. But they had given him no armor against the evil. They had wrapped his heart in silks and velvet, and then he had given it to Grace Blackthorn, and she had spun for it a cage of razor wire and broken glass, burned it to bits, and blown away the remains, another layer of ashes in this place of beautiful horrors.
Mikhail Bakunin|Ultimately, America's answer to the intolerant man is diversity, the very diversity which our heritage of religious freedom has inspired.
P.C. Cast, Destined|The question of what we are can only be answered by ourselves. We each decide what we are by the life choices we make. How we were made, who are parents are, where we are from, the color of our skin, who we choose to love, all those things do not define us. Our actions define us, and will keep defining us until even after death.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Creating an ideal customer profile helps you understand who are you talking to through your marketing, and it helps you carry that message and vibe through to your customerexperience.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|...when pain is over, the remembrance of it often becomes a pleasure.
Bill Kristol|Jews have had to carry around their own sense of self in a carpet bag and I think perhaps too much emphasis might be being put on nationality and on the other hand patriotism, that sort of thing.
Richard Saul Wurman, Information Anxiety|The most common definition of [the word information] is: "the action of informing; formation or molding of the mind or character, training, instruction, teaching; communication of instructive knowledge.This definition remained fairly constant until the years immediately following World War II, when it came in vogue to use 'information' as a technological term to define anything that was sent over an electric or mechanical channel. 'Information' became part of the vocabulary of the science of messages. And, suddenly, the appellation could be applied to something that didn't necessarily have to inform. This definition was extrapolated to general usage as something told or communicated, whether or not it made sense to the receiver. Now, the freedom engendered by such an amorphous definition has, as you might expect, encouraged its liberal deployment. It has become the single most important word of our decade, the suspense of our lives and our work.
C.S. Lewis|We do not want merely to see beauty, though, God knows, even that is bounty enough. We want something else which can hardly be put into words — to be united with the beauty we see, to pass into it, to receive it into ourselves, to bathe in it, to become part of it
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|He got a lovely pair of trainers given off his mum for Christmas, best pair he ever had, but it was the nylon laces that he couldn’t take his eyes off. They found him hanging in his cell!
Helle Thorning-Schmidt|Normally, it takes me about three years to write one of the big books. It is usually four years between releases because of the huge amount of travel and PR and just nuisance going on around them. I have a lot of pressure from publishers and agents.
E.M. Forster|We left the nursery in silence, Ma smoking a roll-up, looking like she hadn’t slept in a week or maybe like she had slept for a whole week. When the nursery was just a grubby finger smudge behind us Ma looked down at me and said in her poshed-up telephone voice: “Will you speak to Janie about swearing? Fuckin’ busybody!”I laughed and swung our linked hands.“Aye, fuckin’ busybody.”Pleas of laughter escaped us and spiraled up into the hot, blue Scottish sky. We laughed all the way home
Michael Arrington|Xerox's innovative technology and service offerings - delivered through an expanding distribution system with a lean and flexible business model - continue to solidify our market leadership, driving consistently strong earnings performance.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When school vacates, your life vacates alongside. What a tragedy! What a waste of life!
Celia McMahon, Skye|Wake up ! This ain't war between good and evil anymore.This is war between good people for their respective survival.Whoever lose in this war, will be remembered as the evil one.
John Geiger|As you look back on your life, you will often realize that many of the times you thought you were being rejected from something good, you were in fact being redirected to something better. You can’t control everything. Sometimes you just need to relax and have faith things will work out. Let go and just let life happen the way it’s supposed to. Sometimes the outcomes you can’t change end up changing you and helping you grow mentally, emotionally or spiritually.When things fall apart, consider the possibility that life knocked them down for a reason. It was not to punish you, but to prompt you to build something better to fit your personality and your purpose. Sometimes things fall apart so better things can fall together.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|Consult.../what reinforcement we may gain from hope,/If not, what resolution from despair.
Awdhesh Singh, The Secret Red Book of Leadership|A leader is one who travels the path carved out by him, and he ‘leads’ himself onward on that path. If his path is good and his goals are desirable, many more may follow him in their desire to achieve the same goal. Hence, followership is the effect of leadership and not its cause.
Ann Cameron|Through my seeking of what is beyond beautiful, of what is intriguing, of what is free from all imperfections and wrongs, I realise my soul is not from here. I belong to a different place, from a different world, a different existence.
Ysabeau S. Wilce, Flora Fyrdraaca|After all, history is a type of fantasy. For all the primary source research, in the end, the past world the historian builds is as weird and remote from our own as Middle Earth or Narnia, yet oddly familiar.
Christopher McDougall, Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen|But yeah, Ann [Trason] insisted, running was romantic; and no, of course her friends didn't get it because they'd never broken through. For them, running was a miserable two miles motivated solely by size 6 jeans: get on the scale, get depressed, get your headphones on, and get it over with. But you can't muscle through a five-hour run that way; you have to relax into it, like easing your body into a hot bath, until it no longer resists the shock and begins to enjoy it.
K. Hari Kumar|Sometimes things do not go the way one wanted them to go... At times like this, one would wish that one had not dreamt so much. Just hang in there... destination is just a mile away.
Patricia Love, The Emotional Incest Syndrome: What to do When a Parent's Love Rules Your Life|I made my life, the same way it looks like you're gonna make yours—out of pride and stubbornness and too much anger. You better think hard, Ruth Anne, about what you want and who you're mad at. You better think hard.
Graham Joyce|American science is much more organized, much more hierarchical than British science has been.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|We have to seek knowledge, and infuse ourselves with so much light that can only come from knowledge.
Amy Lamont, Snowbound with the Biker|Something happens to people when they're masked. They become too free, uncivilized. They may do anything.
Vita Sackville-West, All Passion Spent|My dear Mr FitzGeorge!' cried Lady Slane. 'You really mustn't talk as though my life had been a tragedy. I had everything that most women would covet: position, comfort, children, and a husband I loved. I had nothing to complain of - nothing.''Except that you were defrauded of the one thing that mattered. Nothing matters to an artist except the fulfilment of his gift. You know that as well as I do. Frustrated, he grows crooked like a tree twisted into an unnatural shape. All meaning goes out of life, and life becomes existence - a makeshift. Face it, Lady Slane. Your children, your husband, your splendour, were nothing but obstacles that kept you from yourself. They were what you chose to substitute for your real vocation. You were too young, I suppose, to know any better, but when you chose that life you sinned against the light.
James Caskey, The Haunted History of New Orleans: Ghosts of the French Quarter|I might be able to walk away from sexy, dangerous shifters, but chocolate had me at its beck and call.
Dee Dee Artner|When you run a business, your business is totally different from others. This means your lifestyle, your routine and what you make out of your business is totally different. You lead a different life compared to those in your neighborhood and the people you knew around your business circle.
Sara Sheridan|Crime writers, I've noticed, can be jumpy. They live in a world where there are murderers on the loose and they haven't been caught yet!
Stephen Levine, A Year to Live: How to Live This Year as If It Were Your Last|Until we find out who was born this time around, it seems irrelevant to seek earlier identities. I have heard many people speak of who they believe they were in previous incarnations, but they seem to have very little idea of who they are in this one. . . . Let’s take one life at a time. Perhaps the best way to do that is to live as though there were no afterlife or reincarnation. To live as though this moment was all that was allotted. (132)
Peter Falk|You can't change the world alone - you will need some help - and to truly get from your starting point to your destination takes friends, colleagues, the good will of strangers and a strong coxswain to guide them.
E.J. Stevens, The Pirate Curse|I’d been called a freak, and worse, all through school. Now that I’d finally graduated, I was sick of it. I’d hoped that no one would ever call me names again. Oh well, if wishes were flying monkeys, we’d all be wearing tiny hats.
Stephen Cosgrove, Fanny|One race,Many cultures,One place.
Kresley Cole, Dark Skye|Vrekeners actually exist?L, The King
David Levithan, The Realm of Possibility|The bourbon goes into the recipe, Miss Connor, not into you,” he’d said from directly behind me. He had a way of doing that, catching me in the act. I suppose the number of times I screwed up made me an easy mark. My spine straightened at the scolding, but my mouth did what it knew best. “Well, that’s just a waste of perfectly good bourbon if you ask me.
Jack Kerouac, The Dharma Bums|One afternoon as I just gazed at the topmost branches of those immensely tall trees I began to notice that the uppermost twigs and leaves were lyrical happy dancers glad that they had been apportioned the top, with all that rumbling experience of the whole tree swaying beneath them making their dance, their every jiggle, a huge and communal and mysterious necessity dance, and so just floating up there in the void dancing the meaning of the tree.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|After a few months in my parents' basement, I took an apartment near the state university, where I discovered both crystal methamphetamine and conceptual art. Either one of these things are dangerous, but in combination they have the potential to destroy entire civilizations.
Aaron B. Powell|Were there none who were discontented with what they have, the world would never reach anything better.
Jerry Ash|I am a citizen of this country,” I declare, “and Mr. Mayor, tonight I will be a citizen of this city when I put my shoes under my bed. The courageous men, women and children who are with me (blocked from crossing the bridge into NYC) are also citizens of this country and will be sleeping near their shoes too. I want them with me tonight, here, in the city of New York. We are all American citizens.” — Mother Jones
Katherine J. Walden, Dare to Call Him Friend|To the very last, the desire to challenge oneself and understand more. And to the very last: doubt.
Margot Lee Shetterly, Hidden Figures: The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Mathematicians Who Helped Win the Space Race|What I wanted was for them to have a grand, sweeping narrative that they deserved, the kind of American history that belongs to the Wright Brothers and the astronauts, to Alexander Hamilton and Martin Luther King Jr. Not told as a separate history, but as part of the story we all know. Not at the margins, but at the very center, the protagonists of the drama. And not just because they are black, or because they are women, but because they are part of the American epic.
C.S. Lewis|When you do different things than others, you will have a different world than others.
Michael McCarthy|there can be occasions when we suddenly and involuntarily find ourselves loving r=the natural world with a startling intensity, in a burst of emotion which we may not fully understand, and the only word that seems to me to be appropriate for this feeling is joy
Anne Bishop, Marked in Flesh|He gently kissed that scar and felt something changing inside him - just a flutter of change, there and gone, but leaving its mark.
Jason Calacanis|People don't care anymore because they don't believe in us; they don't trust us. And that's why we should change politics, not just accept the cynical frame that, 'Well, that's just politics.'
Sanober  Khan, A Thousand Flamingos|And stay, my dearstay...forever, as my quiet song,in my lilac dawn.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi, Advanced Ryukyu Karate|True Martial Arts is universal, simple and practical. Anything else is too complex to be used in combat.
James  Jones, From Here to Eternity|In any case I just cannot imagine attaching so much importance to any food or treat that I would grow irate or bitter at the mention of the suffering of animals. A pig to me will always seem more important than a pork rind. There is the risk here of confusing realism with cynicism, moral stoicism with moral sloth, of letting oneself become jaded and lazy and self-satisfied--what used to be called an 'appetitive' person.
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|For years I wondered what was her curious power, her ability to attract all kinds of people to her and to use them for her own ends, often with their knowledge. i think it was that people liked watching and being with someone who enjoyed life as much as Sylvia seemed to enjoy it. She squeezed all the juice from the orange, or, to change the figure, drained the cup to the leaves, the very dregs.
Ashim Shanker, Sinew of the Social Species|Pride is not the opposite of shame, but it's source. True humility is the only antidote to shame.
Shawn Kirsten Maravel, Volition|So, how is it that you don’t have a girlfriend?” I asked boldly.Joel shrugged.“Have you ever had a girlfriend?” There was no way that he’d never had a girlfriend.He shrugged again.“You’re not serious.”“You’re surprised?”“I’m sorry, do you own a mirror?”Joel laughed in that I’ll-never-understand-women kind of way. “I’ve never wanted one,” he admitted, though it seemed that there was more to it.“What? A mirror? Or a girlfriend?”He laughed again, even harder this time. “A girlfriend.”“Are you gay?” He smiled. “No, I’m not gay.”“Oh.” I blushed. Why was I being so nosy all of a sudden?
Peg Kehret, Runaway Twin|Books had taught me new ideas and had shown me ways of life that I would not have known about otherwise, and they offered a refuge when, like now, real life seemed too hard.
Plato|It is not titles that honor men, but men that honor titles.
Karl Rahner, Foundations of Christian Faith: An Introduction to the Idea of Christianity|They are my fears of him, too. But who can hinder that which will be?
Robert M. Drake, Beautiful Chaos|If you are a good leader, you are a good listener.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|She stampeed. “I am making him run late.”She gave a resolution of exact 60 seconds to herself to see if she can find her diamond necklace or else she would attend the party with out it.She suddenly turned, as if her memory shouted out loud- Its on the chest right there!To her bewilderment, he was standing just a few inches away holding a big mirror in hand.That perplexed her. Not Adam. Not even the fact that her neck was already hosting the necklace.But seeing herself that way, her very own self. As if, she was unapprehended she existed.Adam was expecting a smile on her face, and that she would touch the necklace and say- “Oh my foolish self” but she touched her face and said- “Oh my self...”That was foolish!
Kristen Wiig|Neil Gaiman is a star. He constructs stories like some demented cook might make a wedding cake, building layer upon layer, including all kinds of sweet and sour in the mix.
Mark Helprin|But little else could deter Craig Binky, for he believed that everything about him was destined to be triumphal. Harry Penn was certain that in his nearly one hundred years he had never encountered a soul more intensely marinated in self-satisfaction. Craig Binky's pomposity was often relieved, for others, by what Harry Penn generously termed "Mr. Binky's somewhat inexact intelligence.
Aleksandra Ninkovic|All our emotions are real, but one has to be quite cautious with what supports their reality.
Muffin|WHEN THE ALMIGHTY HAS PREDESTINED YOU, THERE IS NOONE IN THIS PHYSICAL LIFE THAT CAN BLOCK YOUR BLESSINGS.....
Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice|His character would be blamed, loathed, discussed, and adored – but somewhere there, behind his mask of a hero, Cardew would remain faceless.Anonymous.
Rod Judkins, The Art of Creative Thinking|Creativity isn't a switch that's flicked on or off; it's a way of seeing, engaging and responding to the world around you.
Kay Kenyon, City Without End|She shrugged. "Ownership is a fragile concept.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|Every Autumn now my thoughts return to snow. Snow is something I identify myself with. Like my father, I am a snow person.
Mark Twain|It is true, that which I have revealed to you; there is no God, no universe, no human race, no earthly life, no heaven, no hell. It is all a dream--a grotesque and foolish dream. Nothing exists but you. And you are but a thought--a vagrant thought, a useless thought, a homeless thought, wandering forlorn among the empty eternities!
Michel Foucault, What is an Author?|It’s like people immediately imagine me sitting in some gothic, sweeping castle in Edinburgh, a piece of fine bone china full of English tea next to my neat writing station. They think that my car, my purse, my everything was financed by my lucrative but somehow not too time consuming writing career. I’ve even had one guy ask me if my hand cramps at signings. While I wanted to give a snarky, “Yes, just like Tom Brady’s does,” I can’t pull off snarky. My sarcasm immediately goes into b**ch territory
David Millar, Racing Through the Dark|Is it or is it not a matter of importance that a young man starts out in life with an ability to shut his jaw hard and say "I will," or "I will not," and mean it?
Marcel Proust, In the Shadow of Young Girls in Flower|...but the loss of a memory, like the omission of a phrase during reading, rather than making for uncertainty, can lead to a premature certainty.
Deshwal Sachin|Trust means there is no question.If there is no question then no need for any answer,which means complete balance.Always keep in your mind trust is the base for any kind of relationship.
Abhijit Naskar|There is no secret in attaining God. In the path of Enlightenment, any theoretical mystery-mongering preacher that weakens the mind, should be rejected at once. Science has no secrets. The very purpose of it is to unravel the secrets of Nature and the Universe. That is why it is so beautiful. And so should be the path of Enlightenment.
Melissa Kite, The Girl Who Couldn't Stop Arguing|Perhaps the reason we so often experience happiness only in hindsight, and that any deliberate campaign to achieve it is so misguided, is that it isn't an achievable goal in itself but only an afteraffect. It's the consequence of having lived in the way that we're supposed to - by which I don't mean ethically correctly but fully, consciously engaged in the business of living.
Helen Roseveare, Living Sacrifice: Willing to Be Whittled as an Arrow|Together we learned why God has given us His name as "I AM" (Exodus 3:14). His grace always proved itself sufficient in the moment of need, but never before the necessary time, and rarely afterwards. As I anticipated suffering in my imagination and thought of what these cruel soldiers would do next, I quivered with fear. I broke out in a cold sweat of horror. As I heard them drive into our village, day or night, my mouth would go dry: my heart would miss a beat. Fear gripped me in an awful vice. But when the moment came for action, He gave me a quiet, cool exterior that He used to give others courage too: He filled me with a peace and an assurance about what to say or do that amazed me and often defeated the immediate tactics of the enemy.
Carolina De Robertis, The Gods of Tango|He does not look at the dancers, does not acknowledge her, sitting and staring. He is steeped in a private aural world. He drew out longer notes than her papa ever had; he was more forceful with the bow; she hadn't known the violin contained such wildness. She was reminded of the tarantella, which skipped along its notes and pulled you upward; out of yourself, come and play! But these pieces, these tangos, didn't only lift; they also plunged you downward, deep inside yourself, to the unexamined corners of your heart. Come, they whispered, come and look, see what's here and dance with it, this is music too.
Holly Black|I remember watching an old Dracula movie once with Alphonse and having him laugh himself sick at the sight of a vamp only a few days out of the grave supposedly raising another one.He'd been impossible for weeks afterwards,mercilessly teasing all the weaker vamps in court about the three-day-old baby that was more powerful than them.
J.H. Elliott, Imperial Spain: 1469-1716|The heaven-and-hell framework has four central elements: the afterlife, sin and forgiveness, Jesus’s dying for our sins, and believing.
Meg Hennessy, A Pirate's Revenge|Time. She had to go home. As soon as the lunar eclipse occurred in three weeks. Because if she stayed here, she would die. Either from the bullet in her back, or from the pain that was slowly sinking talons into her.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Onyx|Sometimes," he sighed, "I think the things I remember are more real than the things I see. 
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|The light of revelation cannot shine through the fire of anger." (HS/el)
Rachel Wolchin|If we were meant to stay in one place, we would have roots instead of feet.
Patrick Quillin|The thing about cancer is that it can always exceed your worst expectations. There is something pornographic about cancer's ability to confound your imagination. Whatever new obscenity cancer comes up with to torment and torture you, it can always do worse tomorrow.
Sri Sri Ravi Shankar|There is a skill to learning. It is all about what is and what is not. While Science is knowing what is, Art is creating what is not.
Robin Hobb, The Farseer Trilogy|Fool, there is no sense in trying to play that game with the past. Here is where we are today, and we can only make our moves from here.
C.J. Cherryh, Fortress of Owls|Call it an issue. Call it baggage. But I really hated lies. They're ugly things, festering like wounds, spreading like disease. They're winner-less crimes that hurt everybody in the end.
Sarah Diemer, The Witch Sea|White in the moon the long road lies,The moon stands blank above;White in the moon the long road liesThat leads me from my love.Still hangs the hedge without a gust,Still, still the shadows stay:My feet upon the moonlit dustPursue the ceaseless way.The world is round, so travellers tell,And straight through reach the track,Trudge on, trudge on, 'twill all be well,The way will guide one back.But ere the circle homeward hiesFar, far must it remove:White in the moon the long road liesThat leads me from my love.
Kemi Sogunle, Being Single: A State For The Fragile Heart: A Guide to Self-Love, Finding You and Purposeful Living|Don't let your focus be so much on how many times you go on a date but how you can build into one another, share and carry each other's vision, complement each other, develop a deeper level of friendship; grow spiritually together and make the little things meaningful. It's beyond the 100% but more about how committed and dedicated you are daily. Love can only truly exist, when you become selfless and focus less on what is in it for you.
Alanea Alder, My Commander|Oh God, is this like Silence of the Lambs?" Tears flowed down her face. "I don't want to go down the hole! I won't put lotion on the skin! Look at me, you won't be able to wear my skin, I won't cover your huge ass!" She wailed.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Have you ever felt as if your dreams were more memorable, more alive, than what you knew to be reality? Have your dreams ever seemed so tangible as to make you question upon waking if you’d truly only dreamt them? Have they at times been addictive enough to consume your waking hours; blurring actuality and pretend together until your wishes and passions stare back at you with open
Joyce Meyer, Living Beyond Your Feelings: Controlling Emotions So They Don't Control You|The sooner we learn feelings are fickle, the better off we are.
Malcolm Brooks, Painted Horses|I'm just thinking, you might be the modern version of a war bride.""The what?""You know, like when we were kids. Guy's shipping out, gets all panicked, pulls the trigger so to speak. This is the same thing, in reverse. Girl's got a job, heading for parts unknown, guy...You know.""Pulls the trigger. So to speak.
James Collins, Beginner's Greek|As long as you were comfortable with yourself and believed in yourself, then you could just throw out all that nonsense of worrying about your status and "success" and other people's opinions.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus|Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
Takuji Ichikawa|In other words, I was a moderately happy penguin who was occasionally attacked by sadness.
Simon Van Booy, Love Begins in Winter: Five Stories|...I like stories very much,” the priest said. “They help me understand myself better.
Idries Shah|ServiceI will not serve God like a labourer, in expectation of my wages.Rabia el-Adawia.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|For a writer, life is always too short to write. I will just try my best during what remains of my life.
Donald Rothberg|To be mindful of social phenomena is thus to identify more clearly hatred, greed, and delusion as well as the seeds of wisdom and compassion both around us and in us. (p. 52)
Steve Stockman|An animal will conquer others. A Spirit-filled man conquers himself – self-discipline, self-control.
Robert Orben|The typical response from people when I tell them I'm diabetic is, 'Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.' You know, I'm not. I'm a better athlete because of diabetes rather than despite it. I'm more aware of my training, my fitness and more aware of nutrition. I'm more proactive about my health.
David A. Bednar|Faith is an excitement and an enthusiasm: it is a condition of intellectual magnificence to which we must cling as to a treasure, and not squander on our way through life in the small coin of empty words, or in exact and priggish argument.
Henry Ward Beecher|It is a man's duty to have books. A library is not a luxury, but one of the necessaries in life.
Ellen Hopkins|Our past may shape us, but it doesn't define who we become.
John T. Chambers|I've finished 12th standard from Poddar International and enrolled for B.A. in political science in Cambridge University, London. It's a correspondence course, and I'll go to London for my exams once a year. That way, I can devote more time to films.
Joel Marks|...It's not something shared with society, but rather its a personal possession. I've never thought that I wanted to share morality with someone. I feel it's like a white canvas on which nothing is yet drawn, a silent room which accepts any sounds of music and nature, a litmus paper that has not yet been dipped into a solution. In future, it will be a white canvas on which anyone should be allowed to draw anything.
John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany|Many things the gods achieve beyond our judgement,'" said the sorrowful girl. "'What we thought is not confirmed and what we thought not God contives.
Donna Lynn Hope|Existential envy which is directed against the other person’s very nature, is the strongest source of ressentiment. It is as if it whispers continually: “I can forgive everything, but not that you are— that you are what you are—that I am not what you are—indeed that I am not you.” This form of envy strips the opponent of his very existence, for this existence as such is felt to be a “pressure,” a “reproach,” and an unbearable humiliation. In the lives of great men there are always critical periods of instability, in which they alternately envy and try to love those whose merits they cannot but esteem. Only gradually, one of these attitudes will predominate. Here lies the meaning of Goethe’s reflection that “against another’s great merits, there is no remedy but love.”― Max Scheler
J.M.  Sullivan, Alice: The Wanderland Chronicles|Lewis exasperated her, always talking about life before the Plague and how it would be if everything was different. He was a dreamer. “It would be nice, but it’s not gonna happen, Lewis. You shouldn’t spout off talk like that, giving false hope to people. It’d be better if they focused on surviving. It’s more important than some silly dream.” “But Alice, dreams are how people get by in a place like this,” Lewis countered. His freckles faded with his smile. “We gotta find somethin’ to hold onto, else we’ll all go mad.
Kay Redfield Jamison, Night Falls Fast: Understanding Suicide|When people are suicidal, their thinking is paralyzed, their options appear spare or nonexistent, their mood is despairing, and hopelessness permeates their entire mental domain. The future cannot be separated from the present, and the present is painful beyond solace. ‘This is my last experiment,’ wrote a young chemist in his suicide note. ‘If there is any eternal torment worse than mine I’ll have to be shown.
Roger Kahn|Peter held up the book he had been reading: 'Moby-Dick; or, The Whale'."To tell you the truth, I'm not even sure this is English," Peter said. "It's taken me most of today to get through a page.
Cheree Smith, Shadow Embraced|Honestly, Evie," I huffed, flopping back to the centre of my bed and glaring at the ceiling. "Why don't you whine some more instead of actually doing anything?""Talking to yourself is the first sign of madness," Arianna volunteered, leaning on the frame of my open door."Yeah, so's seeing things no one else can, but people seem to like that about me.""Good point. Odds are, you've been crazy for years now. I'm probably nothing more than a figment of your imagination.""If that were true, I'd imagine you as less of a slob."She sighed. "Isn't it sad that you hate yourself so much you can't even dream up a pleasant roommate?""Not as sad as the fact that you admit how bad you suck as one."Flashing a wicked grin, she narrowed her eyes. “ I'd use the term 'suck' sparingly around me.  Don't want to go planting ideas in my pretty,  dead head."I threw a pillow at her.
Jason Kilar|I'm a novelist first, and I wrote a bunch of books, and everything I write, I just find people are more interesting when there's an element of humor to it.
Leo Tolstoy|To destroy the life that dwells in othersis beyond your power. The life of those you have slainhas vanished from your eyes, but is not destroyed. Youthought to lengthen your own life and to shorten theirs,but you cannot do this. Life knows neither time norspace. The life of a moment, and the life of a thousandyears: your life and the life of all the visible and invisiblebeings in the world, are equal. To destroy life, or to alterit, is impossible; for life is the one thing that exists. Allelse, but seems to us to be.
Chelsea M. Cameron, My Favorite Mistake|It's as if I've stepped off the edge of a cliff, and even though my heart's in my mouth and my stomach is in knots, I'm the most excited I've ever been in my life. I'm totally enthralled by him. I want him, every part of him, and I desperately want him to feel the same way about me.
Epictetus, Discourses and Selected Writings|So what oppresses and scares us? It is our own thoughts, obviously, What overwhelms people when they are about to leaves friends, family, old haunts and their accustomed way of life? Thoughts.
Ashley Ormon, God in Your Morning|The greatest joy is in giving; after all, God gave Christ for us.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God wants us to work (whether at home or on the job), but that doesn’t mean it’s wrong to retire. The Levites (who assisted in Israel’s worship) were required to retire at fifty.
Marty Rubin|Every language has its own word for the sun, but the sun us always the same.
Willa Cather, The Song of the Lark|He had never got so much back for himself from any pupil as he did from Miss Kronborg. From the first she had stimulated him; something in her personality invariably affected him. Now that he was feeling his way toward her voice, he found her more interesting than ever before. She lifted the tedium of the winter for him, gave him curious fancies and reveries. Musically, she was sympathetic to him. Why this was true, he never asked himself. He had learned that one must take where and when one can the mysterious mental irritant that rouses one's imagination; that it is not to be had by order. She often wearied him, but she never bored him.
Gary Zukav|I am so tired of fear. And I don't want my girls to live in a country, in a world, based on fear.
Lena Dunham, Not That Kind of Girl: A Young Woman Tells You What She's "Learned"|The trouble with Lucious," he said, putting his feet up on the desk after this cousin has gone," is that he thinks politics is a fight for justice. Politics is a profession.
Lang Leav, Sad Girls|Because sooner or later, all kinds of love - crazy love, wild love- fade into the same thing. The love becomes old and predictable -safe.
Shawn Levy|I lost twins at 14 weeks, and I had to have an D and C on my birthday.
Rhonda Byrne, The Power|Finding yourself with your loves gives blood to existence, looking at one another seeing the universe.
Shakira|I'm frugal. I'm not a very acquisitive woman. I never waste food. If you prepare your own food, you engage with the world, it tastes alive. It tastes good.
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|God really performs the miracle of multiplying our time, but only if we give it to him first.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|It was not the feeling of completeness I so needed, but the feeling of not being empty.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Whose Body?|He places the skull in the palm of my hand. There are four canines; the top two are so long and curved I can feel them pricking my skin. There’s a green tinge round the eye socket and in a fine line across the cranium. I’m not sure what animal it’s from. ‘Stoat,’ Harris says, as if I’ve spoken out loud. ‘They hunt grouse and partridge. I found it behind my house. I buried the body in the furze until it was just bone.’ His hand is still beneath mine, supporting it. I think of him seeing the small dead creature and digging a tiny grave for it. Planning ahead for all those months just so he’d see the skeleton. Or maybe he severed the animal’s head and that was the only part he buried. ‘It’s been waiting for you all this time. Like I have.
Leigh Hershkovich, Shattered Illusions|Trapped, cutting herself against the jagged edges of her emotions, she was a prisoner of her own spirit.
Susan Mallery, The Sheik's Arranged Marriage|Why would men want to do without women? We adore women.”“Because they serve you,” she grumbled.“No.Because they complement us. And I mean complement with an e,not an i. Women are our other halves. Men need women.
Sunday Adelaja|As humans, we should be able to answer the question: “What do you do with your time?
Auguste Escoffier|Original, in French: La bonne cuisine est la base du véritable bonheur. English: Good food is the foundation of genuine happiness.
Peter Singer, Writings on an Ethical Life|If we shrug our shoulders at the avoidable suffering of the weak and the poor, of those who are getting exploited and ripped off, we are not the left.
Amy Shannon, Unwritten Life|I believe that life is written out for you, it maps out your life to make you happy, but what I’ve been living for the past four years is my unwritten life...
Travis Kalanick|There will be a huge, huge positive impact for society when driverless cars become a thing.
Brendan Iribe|In the music industry, intelligence in women is undervalued.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|Shee, you guys are so unhip it's a wonder your bums don't fall off.
Gyan Nagpal, Talent Economics: The Fine Line Between Winning and Losing the Global War for Talent|Our aim was not to create profit, but jobs,' Sanchez Gordillo explained to me. This philosophy runs directly counter to the late-capitalist emphasis on 'efficiency' - a word which as been elevated to almost holy status in the neoliberal lexicon, but in reality has become a shameful euphemism for the sacrifice of human dignity at the altar of share prices.
Akiroq Brost|Life's a shit sandwich, my ass. Life's a polka and don't you forget it!
Daniel J. Siegel, The Developing Mind: How Relationships and the Brain Interact to Shape Who We Are|You are one of the rare people who can separate your observation from your perception...you see what is, where most people see what they expect.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies|Look, I am living. On what? Neither childhood nor futurelessens . . . . Superabundant existencewells in my heart.
Taylor Marsh|Men are not puzzles that you need to figure out and understand hidden clues. They are simple creatures that are straightforward with what they want. Stop chasing after a man you're trying to understand, whose silence you're convincing yourself means more than it actually does.
Adam Fenner|Serving others is the surest and practical way of channeling your love. There is no love through lip service. If you love humanity, serve…
Paula Stokes, Vicarious|What makes it smell so sweet?" they wanted to know. "Because everything,--every little wild plum-blossom, every little tiny crocus and anemone and violet and every tree-bud and grass-blade is working to help make the prairie nice.
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|When your pipeline is full – with business coming out of your ears – the notion of people asking for a discount will sound hilarious, because you’ll already be at capacity
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Through spiritual maturity you will see new ways to avoid unnecessary suffering; wiser ways to endure unavoidable hardships with grace, and opportunities to turn your pain into lessons of service and healing for others.
Audre Lorde|Yet consider now, whether women are not quite past sense and reason, when they want to rule over men.
Benedict Cumberbatch|The first day one is a guest, the second a burden, and the third a pest.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|No one doubts your courage, but you are a headstrong knight and when you choose a way you cannot change your course even if it lead to your destruction. That is your fault and your destiny.
John Green, Paper Towns|As long as we don't die, this is gonna be one hell of a story.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Heart of Understanding: Commentaries on the Prajnaparamita Heart Sutra|This is Buddhist meditation-to penetrate, to be one with, in order to really understand.
Kim John Payne, Simplicity Parenting: Using the Extraordinary Power of Less to Raise Calmer, Happier, and More Secure Kids|It matters to ourselves, of course, but it matters terribly to other people. Moral failure or spiritual failure or whatever you call it, makes such a vicious circle... It seems as if when we love people and they fall short, we retaliate by falling shorter ourselves. Children are like that. Adults have a fearful responsibility. When they fail to live up to what children expect of them, the children give up themselves. So each generation keeps failing the next.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Take your mission and yourself very seriously. Stick to your schedule and keep time. Cut expenditure of time and money from non-core activities and redirect to those that give more value to the pursuit of your purpose. Never embark on your work or a project without a plan, even if it’s just a mental plan. Use the old carpenter’s rule – “Measure twice and cut once.” Do not leave room for substandard results.
Ana Monnar|I'd rather hear an ugly truth, rather than an obscure lie.
Alice Waters|Create a garden; bring children to farms for field trips. I think it's important that parents and teachers get together to do one or two things they can accomplish well - a teaching garden, connecting with farms nearby, weave food into the curriculum.
Klaus Mann, Mephisto|The worst will happen. Think of me, children, when that day comes. I have foreseen it and predicted it. Our age is corrupt. It stinks. Think of me - I smelled it out. I am not deceived. I sense the coming catastrophe. It will be like nothing that has ever happened. Everything will be swallowed up, which will be no loss-except in my case. Everything that exists will fall apart. It is rotten. I have sensed it, tasted it and cast it away from me. When it comes, it will bury us all. I pity you children, for you will not be able to live your lives. Whereas I have had a beautiful life
Daron Malakian|Religion and political cartoons, as you may have heard, make a difficult couple, ever since that day of 2005, when a bunch of cartoonists in Denmark drew cartoons that had repercussions all over the world - demonstrations, fatwa, they provoked violence. People died in the violence.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|She feared that she would become a slave to superficial, symbolic duties.
Jenna Dewan|Every day, when I am working with my boys, I tell them as long as you put in your best efforts, I am there to back you. But the day I find your energy flagging on the field, the day I find you have not put in your best, that's when I will be really upset and sad.
Richard Feynman, What Do You Care What Other People Think?|Every little or big problem has a reason,Every year there is a winter season,Every trouble goes away with time,After winter spring comes with rhyme.
Alison McGhee, All Rivers Flow To The Sea|Wouldn't want to miss a war, would I?
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|Great paintings—people flock to see them, they draw crowds, they’re reproduced endlessly on coffee mugs and mouse pads and anything-you-like. And, I count myself in the following, you can have a lifetime of perfectly sincere museum-going where you traipse around enjoying everything and then go out and have some lunch. But if a painting really works down in your heart and changes the way you see, and think, and feel, you don’t think, ‘oh, I love this picture because it’s universal.’ ‘I love this painting because it speaks to all mankind.’ That’s not the reason anyone loves a piece of art. It’s a secret whisper from an alleyway. Psst, you. Hey kid. Yes you. An individual heart-shock. Your dream, Welty’s dream, Vermeer’s dream. You see one painting, I see another, the art book puts it at another remove still, the lady buying the greeting card at the museum gift shop sees something else entire, and that’s not even to mention the people separated from us by time—four hundred years before us, four hundred years after we’re gone—it’ll never strike anybody the same way and the great majority of people it’ll never strike in any deep way at all but—a really great painting is fluid enough to work its way into the mind and heart through all kinds of different angles, in ways that are unique and very particular. Yours, yours. I was painted for you. And—oh, I don’t know, stop me if I’m rambling… but Welty himself used to talk about fateful objects. Every dealer and antiquaire recognizes them. The pieces that occur and recur. Maybe for someone else, not a dealer, it wouldn’t be an object. It’d be a city, a color, a time of day. The nail where your fate is liable to catch and snag.
Mark  Lawrence, Red Sister|Gratitude is who you are, sans baggage.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|Abstract conversations are my favourite, for they unviel true convictions.
Paige Tyler, In the Company of Wolves|Gage sighed. "This team was a whole hell of a lot easier to run before any of us had ever heard about The One. You know that, right?"	Maybe." Becker grinned. "But it wasn't nearly as interesting.
Samantha Hayes, Until You're Mine|The sounds of a man crying is a piteous noise, almost worse than an infant's cry. Babies are either hungry, sick or bored, or need changing. This man was none of those things. He was wrapped in grief as deep as the ocean, and no one could do anything to help him.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|You tasted like fireAnd I miss that.So, at timesI drank a little.And at times,I drank too much.But I only drankTill it burned me enough.
Wesam Fawzi|Play a bigger part in doing more good in the world, it is good for you and for business.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Choose a job you love, Your work is going to fill a large part of your life.
Kahlil Gibran|Our anxiety does not come from thinking about the future, but from wanting to control it.
Isaac D'Israeli|But I like to know that someone is stronger than I am. I want to be able to know that if I get tired, somebody is there to hold up the fort. I like knowing that I can't pick a refrigerator alone. God did not make me strong enough to do that.
J.R.R. Tolkien|The common mistake of the religious celibate has been to suppose that the highest spiritual life absolutely demands the renunciation of sexuality, as if the knowledge of God were an alternative to the knowledge of woman, or to any other form of experience.
Arthur W. Pink, The Sovereignty of God|But godhead is, after all, a matter of fact, not a matter of opinion: if a man is generally worshipped as a god then he is a god. And if a god ceases to be worshipped he is nothing.
Lindy West, Shrill: Notes from a Loud Woman|I don't have to justify its awesomeness/activeness/healthiness/usefulness to anyone, because it is MINE. Not yours.
Ann Aguirre, Aftermath|For I need this scar over my heart to remind me. Crazy as it sounds, if I can bear the wound on my body, it lessens what I must carry on my soul. How he knew that about me, I cannot fathom.
Jean-Paul Sartre|It appears that some part of Slothrop ran into the AWOL Džabajev one night in the heart of downtown Niederschaumdorf. (Some believe that fragments of Slothrop have grown into consistent personae of their own. If so, there's no telling which of the Zone's present-day population are offshoots of his original scattering. There's supposed to be a last photograph of him on the only record album ever put out by The Fool, an English rock group—seven musicians posed, in the arrogant style of the early Stones, near an old rocket-bomb site, out in the East End, or South of the River. It is spring, and French thyme blossoms in amazing white lacework across the cape of green that now hides and softens the true shape of the old rubble. There is no way to tell which of the faces is Slothrop's: the only printed credit that might apply to him is "Harmonica, kazoo—a friend." But knowing his Tarot, we would expect to look among the Humility, among the gray and preterite souls, to look for him adrift in the hostile light of the sky, the darkness of the sea. . . .)
Jack Kerouac, Tristessa|He Himself makes the mortals anxious, and He Himself takes the anxiety away.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|I know a planet where there is a certain red-faced gentleman. He has never smelled a flower. He has never looked at a star. He has never loved any one. He has never done anything in his life but add up figures. And all day he says over and over, just like you: 'I am busy with matters of consequence!' And that makes him swell up with pride. But he is not a man - he is a mushroom!
Janet Suzman|My father valued patriotism above all other social obligations, but he had his own particular interpretation of just how true patriotism was meant to function.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|Okay. Then...I can talk. Ask me something.""Okay." He laughs shakily in my ear. "Why is your heart racing Tris?"I cringe and say, "Well, I...I barely know you. I barely know you and I'm crammed up against you in a box, Four, what do you think?"..."Maybe you were cut out for Candor," he says, "because you're a terrible liar.
Tom Welling|A gentle word, a kind look, a good-natured smile can work wonders and accomplish miracles.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Play with the emotions, play with the heart and the animal will surrender to yo
Carolina Zacaria|I have learned that when sadness comes to visit me, all I can do is say “I see you.” I spend some time with it, get up, and say goodbye.I don’t push it away, I own it. And because I own it, I let it go.
Anaïs Nin|I inhale and a zephyr enters my body. The earth tilts its axis, changing my view of the heavens. Two clouds appear in the shape of trumpets. They part and rays of sunlight burst in. The sunlight speaks, 'Seek a new experience.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The big question about the American depression is not whether war with Germany and Japan ended it. It is why the Depression lasted until that war. From 1929 to 1940, from Hoover to Roosevelt, government intervention helped to make the Depression Great.
M. Scott Peck|Abandon the urge to simplify everything, to look for formulas and easy answers, and to begin to think multidimensionally, to glory in the mystery and paradoxes of life, not to be dismayed by the multitude of causes and consequences that are inherent in each experience -- to appreciate the fact that life is complex.
Glenn Beck|Some things are worth believing in. That the little guy can make it. Every single life has value and is worth living. That honor and integrity do matter. That justice will prevail – if not in this life – then the next, and that God does exist. And what we do in our lives matters.
G.K. Chesterton, The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare|Moderate strength is shown in violence, supreme strength is shown in levity.
Scott Stabile|Rather than seek happiness living my life to please the will of others, I will seek happiness where I know it can be found - living my life to please the will of my heart.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|My blood alone remains: take it, but do not make me suffer long.
LeAnn Neal Reilly, The Last Stratiote|Perhaps I shouldn’t like it so much, but I’ve always been one for finding beauty in the ugliest stories.
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol|But why do spirits walk the earth, and why do they come to me?""It is required of every man," the Ghost returned, "that the spirit within him should walk abroad among his fellow-men, and travel far and wide; and if that spirit goes not forth in life, it is condemned to do so after death. It is doomed to wander through the world--oh, woe is me!--and witness what it cannot share, but might have shared on earth, and turned to happiness!...I cannot rest, I cannot stay, I cannot linger anywhere. My spirit never roved beyond the narrow limits of our money-changing hole; and weary journeys lie before me!
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|In your language you have a form of poetry called a sonnet...It is a very strict form of poetry, is it not?...There are fourteen lines, I believe, all in iambic pentameter. That's a very strict rhythm or meter, yes?...And each line has to end with a rigid rhyme pattern. And if the poet does not do it exactly this way, it is not a sonnet, is it?''No.''But within this strict form the poet has complete freedom to say whatever he wants, doesn't he?''Yes." Calvin nodded again.'So,' said Mrs. Whatsit.'So what?''Oh, do not be stupid, boy!' Mrs. Whatsit scolded. 'You know perfectly well what I am driving at!''You mean you're comparing our lives to a sonnet? A strict form, but with freedom within it?''Yes,' Mrs. Whatsit said. "You're given the form, but you have to write the sonnet yourself.
David    Allen|It couldn’t last. Everyone was just killing time. But if all they did was kill time, time would end up killing them.
Victoria Beckham|What do you mean you don't believe in homosexuality? It's not like the Easter Bunny, your belief isn't necessary.
Chuck Palahniuk, Damned|Listen to me, Jez. There's no reason for you to die-"Wood...poison."No it isn't! Not to humans. And you're half human. You're vampire enough to survie something that would kill a human, but you're human enough not to be poisoned by wood.
Jami Attenberg|I don't have much positive to say about motor neuron disease, but it taught me not to pity myself because others were worse off, and to get on with what I still could do. I'm happier now than before I developed the condition.
Stephen King, Joyland|When it comes to the past, everyone writes fiction.
A.E.  Kirk|Blake gave Selena a nudge "Remember what I taught you, itsy-bitsy-babe
Caroline George, The Vestige|Every moment of contact between us seems important—every glance, every touch, every word. I don’t understand him, but I know him, and he knows me. It’s this strange connection we share. No matter how often we fight, lie, make mistakes, I choose him and deep down, I think he chooses me, too.
Nicholas D. Kristof|Conservatives, who have presumed that the key to preventing AIDS is abstinence-only education, and liberals, who have focused on distribution of condoms, should both note that the intervention that has tested most cost-effective in Africa is neither... Secular bleeding hearts and religious bleeding hearts will have to forge a common cause.
Susan C. Young|It’s one thing to set a goal. It’s another, however, when you get so caught up in the details that you neglect to review your progress. Reevaluation enables you to improve your aim to ensure you hit your target.
Sara Craven|I must have you. We must have each other. You know that, don't you? You're
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|The human heart is first a human heart, then everything else - American, Christian, Asian, Jew, or whatever.
Amy Tintera, Rebel|Crushes are so awful. I wonder if they suck worse for the crush-er or the crush-ee. I consider my three years of watching Josh from afar. Yeah, definitely the crush-er.
Fulton J. Sheen|But his mind saw nothing of all this. His mind was engaged in a warfare of the gods. His mind paced outwards over no-man's-land, over the fields of the slain, paced to the rhythm of the blood's red bugles. To be alone and evil! To be a god at bay. What was more absolute?
Conn Iggulden, Conqueror|Inside every poor creature was a sense of some other happy destiny, a destiny that was necessary and inevitable -why, then, did they find their lives such a burden and why were they always waiting for something?
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|When people shine a little light on their monster, we find out how similar most of our monsters are.
H.G. Wells, The Island of Dr. Moreau|There it must be, I think, in the vast and eternal laws of matter, andnot in the daily cares and sins and troubles of men, that whatever ismore than animal within us must find its solace and its hope. I hope, or Icould not live.
Ray Bradbury|There was her face, like a summer peach, beautiful and warm, and the light of the candles reflected in her dark eyes. [He] held his breath. The entire world waited and held its breath.
M. Kirin|I'm a busy author with a sense of Humor, so hang, it's a bumpy ride"!
Graham Elliot|I think I'm so old I'm in. We call it the 'Tony Bennett Syndrome.' For some reason, young people think I'm cool.
Samantha Young, On Dublin Street|Gentlemen are gentlemen in bed. They make sure you're having a good time.""I'll make sure you're having a good time, and that you're okay with everything. I just won't be well mannered about it.
Jane Austen, Sense And Sensibility|Before the house-maid had lit the fire the next day, or the sun gained any power over the cold, gloomy morning in January, Marianne, only half dressed, was kneeling against one of the window-seats for the sake of all the little light she could command from it, and writing as fast as a continual flow of tears would permit her.
Lewis B. Smedes|I initially thought I was going to be a teacher. Maybe like an elementary teacher or something like that, which would be fun. Maybe someday.
Tony Samara|The practice is simple. Whatever you're doing, do that with total awareness.
Millard Fuller|It's not your blue blood, your pedigree, or your college degree. It's what you do with your life that counts.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|There is no indication that God explained to Joseph what He was doing through those many years of heartache or how the pieces would eventually fit together. He had no ways of knowing that he would eventually enjoy a triumphal reunion with his family. He was expected, as you and I are, to live out his life one day at a time in something less than complete understanding. What pleased God was Joseph’s faithfulness when nothing made sense.
Brian  McClellan, Promise of Blood|I have learnt that we expect honesty and genuineness from others, while not being honest and genuine with our own self.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Friends understand the unsaid words, no matter if they are silent for years.
Aleatha Romig, Convicted|Lifting his head to gently kiss her lips, he whispered, “I trust you.” Then he covered his own eyes with her satin mask.
Kimberly Kinrade, Forbidden Life|Someday, it will be hard to remember why we were once so fired up about 3G connectivity and the wonders of mobile broadband. Seamless, lightning-fast connectedness will be a given everywhere on Earth, and today's gadgets will be quaint museum pieces. At that point, all we'll care about is what kind of life these devices have created for us. And if it isn't a good life, we'll wonder what we did wrong.
Mary Lascelles, Jane Austen And Her Art|Dogmatism of all kinds--scientific, economic, moral, as well as political--are threatened by the creative freedom of the artist. This is necessarily and inevitably so. We cannot escape our anxiety over the fact that the artists together with creative persons of all sorts, are the possible destroyer of our nicely ordered systems. (p. 76)
Tiffany Madison|If the novel is dead, I'm a necrophiliac.
Dalai Lama|I'm truly worried about the country's direction. I can tell you this categorically, we've got the weakest president and the weakest governor in the history of my 50 years of public service.
E.B. White, Charlotte's Web|As long as I didn't say it aloud, it wasn't real
Nancy Snow, Information War: American Propaganda, Free Speech and Opinion Control Since 9-11|Newspapers abound, and though they have endured decades of decline in readership and influence, they can still form impressive piles if no one takes them out to the trash.
Randy Alcorn, Lord Foulgrin's Letters|The vermin explain their sin with sanctimonious language like, "We've prayed about it and sought counsel, and we feel it's the right thing to do." Don't let it down on them that to the Enemy what they feel is inconsequential. His moral laws don't give a rip about how any of them feel. The sludgebags have no more power to vote them in and out of existence than they have power to revoke the law of gravity.
Michael Crichton, Eaters of the Dead|Praise not the day until evening has come, a woman until she is burnt, a sword until it is tried, a maiden until she is married, ice until it has been crossed, beer until it has been drunk.
|While you are too busy minding other people's business, who is busy minding yours?
Mira Grant, Blackout|Our story opens where countless stories have ended in the last twenty-seven years: with an idiot—in this case, Rebecca Atherton, head of the After the End Times Irwins, winner of the Golden Steve-o Award for valor in the face of the undead—deciding it would be a good idea to go out and poke a zombie with a stick to see what happens.
Chris Prentiss, Be Who You Want, Have What You Want: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life|People have some really crazy ideas about love, friends and relationships. They have the absurd belief that their friends, children, family, lovers and companions can make them happy.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|I would put myself in the attitude to look in the eye an abstract truth, and I cannot. I blench and withdraw on this side and on that. I seem to know what he meant who said, No man can see God face to face and live.
Dada Bhagwan|The one who does not have the control for even a minute, he does not have the control forever.
faroun olamilekan ayomide|I like cigarettes, Miss Taggart. I like to think of fire held in a man’s hand. Fire, a dangerous force, tamed at his fingertips. I often wonder about the hours when a man sits alone, watching the smoke of a cigarette, thinking. I wonder what great things have come from such hours. When a man thinks, there is a spot of fire alive in his mind-and it is proper that he should have the burning point of a cigarette as his one expression.
Anurag Shourie, Half A Shadow|Dharma is not about believing in God. It’s about making the right choices, doing the right things and leading the right life.
Mae Jemison|Most visions of extraterrestrial life are actually steeped in human hubris. The fictional extraterrestrials of 'Star Trek' or a hundred other space operas are less alien than many of my neighbors. And funny, the ones running the place are mostly WASPish men.
Julia Smelley|[P]eople think that in order for something to be frightening, it has to be dark, musty, and full of cobwebs and secrets. That's a lie of epic proportion. The scariest, most unexplainable things happen in the bright light of day. And just when you least expect.
Debasish Mridha|A woman is a blissful mother, a wonderful sister, a gorgeous daughter, and a friend with a kind heart who really cares. Wishing you a wonderful International Women’s Day
Roy  Bennett|You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.
Luanne Rice, The Lemon Orchard|This is me, asking a risk-taker like you to trust me. To let me love you until I take my last breath. These were my last solo flights. From now on I want to wing everything with you and only you.
James Patterson, Saving the World and Other Extreme Sports|Oh, look, the lights are so pretty,” I said dreamily, having just noticedthem.I smiled at the way the lights were dancing overhead, pink and yellow andblue. I felt some pressure on my arm and thought, I should look over and seewhat’s going on, but then the thought was gone, sliding away like Jell-O off ahot car hood.“Fang?”“Yeah. I’m here.”I struggled to focus on him. “I’m so glad you’re here.”“Yeah, I got that.”“I don’t know what I’d do without you.” I peered up at him, trying to seepast the too-bright lights.“You’d be fine,” he muttered.“No,” I said, suddenly struck by how unfine I would be. “I would be totallyunfine. Totally.” It seemed very urgent that he understand this.Again I felt some tugging on my arm, and I really wondered what that wasabout. Was Ella’s mom going to start this procedure any time soon?“It’s okay. Just relax.” He sounded stiff and nervous. “Just...relax. Don’ttry to talk.”“I don’t want my chip anymore,” I explained groggily, then frowned.“Actually, I never wanted that chip.”“Okay,” said Fang. “We’re taking it out.”“I just want you to hold my hand.”“I am holding your hand.”“Oh. I knew that.” I drifted off for a few minutes, barely aware ofanything, but feeling Fang’s hand still in mine.“Do you have a La-Z-Boy somewhere?” I roused myself to ask, every word aneffort.“Um, no,” said Ella’s voice, somewhere behind my head.“I think I would like a La-Z-Boy,” I mused, letting my eyes drift shutagain. “Fang, don’t go anywhere.”“I won’t. I’m here.”“Okay. I need you here. Don’t leave me.”“I won’t.”“Fang, Fang, Fang,” I murmured, overwhelmed with emotion. “I love you. Ilove you sooo much.” I tried to hold out my arms to show how much, but Icouldn’t move them.“Oh, jeez,” Fang said, sounding strangled.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, Collected Poems|And all at once the heavy nightFell from my eyes and I could see, --A drenched and dripping apple-tree,A last long line of silver rain,A sky grown clear and blue again.And as I looked a quickening gustOf wind blew up to me and thrustInto my face a miracleOf orchard-breath, and with the smell, --I know not how such things can be! --I breathed my soul back into me.Ah! Up then from the ground sprang IAnd hailed the earth with such a cryAs is not heard save from a manWho has been dead, and lives again.About the trees my arms I wound;Like one gone mad I hugged the ground;I raised my quivering arms on high;I laughed and laughed into the sky
Sarah Brownlee, How the Tiger Faced His Challenge|Criminal activity exploded throughout the city – thugs multiplied by the thousands. Without fear of rebuke, there was nothing to stop them. It is the ultimate penalty that comes with tolerating the intolerant.
David Levithan, The Realm of Possibility|If you’re not able to laugh inside a sex shop,then you probably shouldn’t be there.I mean, they don’t call it fooling around for nothing.
Allen Klein|I think sometimes my humor is extremely dry, and a lot of times I would say things that I thought were very funny but... I have a reputation of - people think of me as a very fundamentalist, humorless fellow.
C.S. Lewis|In other words Jesus went into the desert to confront His enemy and throw down the gauntlet. He would prove Himself to be the legitimate shepherd of Israel by overcoming the temptations that had undone all of Israel's previous kings, including His mighty ancestor, King David.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|Could be. I’m a pretty dangerous dude when I’m cornered.”“Yeah,” said the voice from under the table, “you go to pieces so fast people get hit by the shrapnel.
Cynthia Swanson, The Bookseller|My first day of teaching, I got hit in the head with a bandstand & needed 4 stitches. Welcome to #NYCity teaching in the 90s.
Diogenes of Sinope|A philosopher named Aristippus, who had quite willingly sucked up to Dionysus and won himself a spot at his court, saw Diogenes cooking lentils for a meal. "If you would only learn to compliment Dionysus, you wouldn't have to live on lentils."Diogenes replied, "But if you would only learn to live on lentils, you wouldn't have to flatter Dionysus.
Jenny Offill, Dept. of Speculation|I don't hate you, because hate is a feeling and I feel absolutely nothing for you.
Jenna Elfman|Although I managed my schedule to be home by late afternoon most days, basically, Roselle raised our children alone. And so I missed out on a lot of wonderful moments, missed watching my kids grow into the wonderful people they are today.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|There is no limit to what you can do,when you focus on your strength.
Harriet Reuter Hapgood, The Square Root of Summer|After nearly a year of mourning, I feel like the Victorians when Edison came along- all those years in the darkness, and then electric light. I've got the earth between my toes.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|Every new event - everything I did for the rest of my life - would only separate us more and more: days she was n longer a part of, an ever-growing distance between us. Every single day for the rest of my life, she would only be further away.
Walter B Gibson|Writing is like surfing on a wild sea, in the middle of a moonless night, in a hailstorm, on a deserted island.Yeah... that about sums it up.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|The only way to understand the reason behind someone's hurtful behaviour is -Understanding that every action is driven by an underlying emotion. Emotions especially the negative one's are our reactions to the conflict between our beliefs and reality.The influence of these negative emotions, causes us to act in ways that hurt others.So if someone hurts you, it actually indicatesthat they have an unsatisfied need or a woundthat needs attention.
Dr. Joe Morecraft|It's easy to get thousands of people to come to your Church. Easy. Just have good entertainment. And so you go to worship services and you're entertained by music, the lights, the action...you're entertained. The preacher comes out, he has lots of funny stories or heart-rending stories and you'll live contented. You live satisfied emotionally. I'm for numbers, I'm for reaching people for Christ. But when you become numbers-driven, then everything in the worship service is aimed at that. If you have numbers, you have to have big Churches. If you have big Churches, you gotta have big debts. So you have to get people to come, you gotta entertain them, and cause them to be emotionally satisfied. So, we're back into this man-centeredness that has destroyed worship service in the 20th century.
Syed Sharukh|My Words Are For The Ones Who Get It, Rest Forget It !
Harold E. Varmus|I saw my friends in medical school seeming to be more engaged with the real world. That provoked a sort of jealousy, and I decided to go to medical school after all.
New York Times Staff|when you’re the first in your family to go to college, you never truly feel like they’ve let you go.
Deyth Banger|It takes more to abstain than to err, more to avoid mistakes than to make mistakes; but the good thing is that it gets better with practice.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|For eternity, time is standing still. In the expanding space, we are moving
Rembrandt|Try to put well into practice what you already know. In so doing, you will, in good time, discover the hidden things you now inquire about.
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, Bad Blood|The straw-coated floor crunched beneath her boots, a cool breeze sweeping in from where the roof had been ripped half off thanks to Sorrel's bull. To keep the wyverns from feeling less caged—and so Abraxos could watch the stars, as he liked to do.
Thaddeus of Vitovnica, Our Thoughts Determine Our Lives:  The Life and Teachings of Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica|One should preach not from one's rational mind but rather from the heart. Only that which is from the heart can touch another heart. One must never attack or oppose anyone. If he who preaches must tell people to keep away from a certain kind of evil, he must do so meekly and humbly, with fear of God.
Sonja Yoerg|The past wasn’t a guest you could ask to leave when you tired of its company. No, the past put up its feet and meant to stay.
Charisse Montgomery, Home Care CEO: A Parent's Guide to Managing In-home Pediatric Nursing|He is very careful and loving, and hardly lets me stir without special direction.I have a schedule prescription for each hour in the day; he takes all care from me, and so I feel basely ungrateful not to value it more.
Katee Sackhoff|I love my life as a missionary, keeping myself on the front lines. The image in my mind is that God, my general, stands at the door when I go out every morning; and, knowing what the war is like, day after day he gives me his most powerful weapon: his Spirit. For this I am grateful.
Joe Hill, Locke & Key, Vol. 6: Alpha & Omega|In this world, family is the final, most elemental unit of power. A small group, helplessly bound together by blood with a shared set of skills and tools for consolidating power and subjugating others.
David Goodis, Of Tender Sin|Listen, everyone, you all have your own circumstances. Some of you come from rich families,and some poor. But your value isn't determined by such things--by things beyond your control. Each one of you must discover your own worth through your own efforts. So... don't make the mistake of thinking you alone are special.
Raheel Farooq|A man should never be judged by his skill, talent, colour, financial or political status, facial beauty and level of education but by the quality of his character.
R.C. Sproul|Whence but from heaven, could men unskilled in arts,In several ages born, in several parts,Weave such agreeing truths? Or how, or why, Should all conspire to cheat us with a lie?
Solange Knowles|Life is relationship, living is relationship. We cannot live if you and I have built a wall around ourselves and just peep over that wall occasionally. Unconsciously, deeply, under the wall, we are related.
Debasish Mridha|Bird has to fly with their own wings; we have to think our own thoughts, find our own destiny.
Brian Tracy, Focal Point: A Proven System to Simplify Your Life, Double Your Productivity, and Achieve All Your Goals|Just as your car runs more smoothly and requires less energy to go faster and farther when the wheels are in perfect alignment, you perform better when your thoughts, feelings, emotions, goals, and values are in balance.
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky|The sensation I had experienced vanished like smoke from a snuffed candlem, leaving behind wisps of nameless longing.
Earl Nightingale|Upon graduation from high school, following my brother by a couple of years, I joined the U.S. Air Force.
Jeff Greenfield, Then Everything Changed: Stunning Alternate Histories of American Politics: JFK, RFK, Carter, Ford, Reagan|The wooden hairbrush has two practical uses, the bristle side to be used on her silken locks, and the harsh, wooden side to be used on her shapely seat of learning
Jaci Burton, Quarterback Draw|If a rich man drinks alcohol, he will easily become a poor. If a poor man does not drink alcohol, he will easily become rich.
Leigh Hershkovich|Being a part of the world in a healthy, mindful, present sense means learning to have complete faith that things will work out. Living in this world means that instead of cowering away, or giving up when the going gets a bit tough, get up and keep going. You’re not here merely to survive or fight your way through the world.
Nikki Rowe|What I don’t understand about your type is that you want to emulate the other side. You kick up such a commotion about being different, and all you want is to be the same.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|I read,' I say. 'I study and read. I bet I've read everything you've read. Don't think I haven't. I consume libraries. I wear out spines and ROM drives. I do things like get in a taxi and say, "The library, and step on it.
Ice Cube|I have no idols. I admire work, dedication and competence.
Page  Turner, Poly Land: My Brutally Honest Adventures in Polyamory|I love the great despisers, because they are the great adorers, and arrows of longing for the other shore.
Henry Ford|Cursed be he above all others Who's enslaved by love of money. Money takes the place of brothers, Money takes the place of parents, Money brings us war and slaughter.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When hopeful and hopeless come together, both will learn great things from each other: Hopeful will learn the horror of being hopeless and the hopeless will learn the beauty of being hopeful!
Sarah Kay, No Matter the Wreckage|I will love you with too many commas, but never any asterisks.
Philip José Farmer|Piers is always going on about how he hated Stowe. As if that solves everything, as if to hate something means it can't have affected you. 
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|You know, the Lord said to Adam: ‘Come forth, come forth,’ and he came fifth and won the fucking apple, do you know what I mean. If you can walk away, walk away but it’s hard to do
Sam Richards|Every day we work towards creating our own persona, we may or may not realize it, but our actions & thoughts (positive or negative) adds to our reputation, people around us judge us on the basis of how much difference we make to their lives – they may or may not be connected directly to us, but still our actions or thoughts may influence their work, lives or thought process.
Steven Pinker, The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature|Air traffic control is going to have a steamy old fit on your dime, boy.They can get in line behind the police, the people whose cars we trashed, the Empire of Ob'enn, the Partnership Collective, and the Wormgate Corporation. Oh, and I think maybe some dark matter beasties from Andromeda.You "think maybe"?-General Tagon & Captain Andreyasn
Bill Maher|Jesus is great -- is there a better role model? No. It's religion, it's the people who get in between -- the bureaucracy, you know. ... It's the way people abuse Jesus. Was there ever a greater victim of name dropping?
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|Maybe [aliens] have been in our lives a lot longer than we want to admit. People have always seen strange things—elves and fairies—and now we don't. Now we see them, right?
Katie Kacvinsky, Still Point|Life is about mindfulness. It's about being in the moment, being aware.
John Webster, The White Devil|What a strange creature is a laughing fool,As if a man were created to no useBut only to show his teeth.
Daniel Goleman|Prior to the passage of the Patriot Act, it was very difficult - often impossible - for us to share information with the Central Intelligence Agency, with NSA, with the other intelligence agencies, and likewise, for them to share information with us.
Gerald R. Ford|I remember being, like, 5 years old, and my dad took me to a Yankees-Mets game. My dad had me on his shoulders and taught me one of the most important lessons about sports. He said, 'Jesse, just remember one thing, the Mets suck.'
Movie Be Cool|I am an existential libertarian humanist cocksucker. Now, what else do you want to know?
Günter Grass|The same rightists who decades ago were shouting, 'Better dead than red!' are now often heard mumbling, 'Better red than eating hamburgers.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|Horses were never wrong. They always did what they did for a reason, and it was up to you to figure it out.
Ernest Hemingway|People who write fiction, if they had not taken it up, might have become very successful liars.
Ani DiFranco|Heroes didn't leap tall buildings or stop bullets with an outstretched hand; they didn't wear boots and capes. They bled, and they bruised, and their superpowers were as simple as listening, or loving. Heroes were ordinary people who knew that even if their own lives were impossibly knotted, they could untangle someone else's. And maybe that one act could lead someone to rescue you right back.
Israelmore Ayivor|I can do ALL THINGS through Christ who empowers, enriches, equips, enlightens, energizes, recreates, revives, promotes, strengthens, purifies, sponsors, and prepares me! Yes, I can... ALL THINGS, I can!
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|When you are an outcast, even a tossed stone can be cherished.
Nancy S. Mure|In understanding the basics of digestion, you'll discover who's in charge. Here's a hint. It's not you.
Poppy Delevingne|I absolutely love Sisley moisturising cream, which I use every morning; it also provides a great base for make-up, and I adore Laura Mercier tinted moisturiser for an overall finish.
Debasish Mridha|Be the gardener of love and joy, Happiness will bloom in your garden.
Anyaele Sam Chiyson, The Sagacity of Sage|Anyaele Sam Chiyson Leadership Law of Reproduction: Distinguished leaders impress, inspire and invest in other leaders.
Tare Munzara|If you are ready to face the fears, take the steps, do the work, be more than you thought you ever could, and attack the dream, what is keeping you? Lose all the excuses and replace them with all the reasons for success. Be the change for yourself. Commit to the dream or quit. There really is no middle ground.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Scandalous Desires|All my life I have longed to be alone in a place like this. Even when everything was going well, as it often did. I can say that much. That it often did. I have been lucky. But even then, for instance in the middle of an embrace and someone whispering words in my ear I wanted to hear, I could suddenly get a longing to be in a place where there was only silence. Years might go by and I did not think about it, but that does not mean that I did not long to be there. And now I am here, and it is almost exactly as I had imagined it.
Prakhar Srivastav|I stand still for a long time, holding the note, and let it all sink in. Her leaving is almost palpable like a gale-force wind that’s rolled into my life in the span of a single evening and left behind all this incalculable destruction, both inside and out. Yes, the tempest has passed, but the air around me feels different. I can hardly breathe. Nothing is the same without her. As the lone survivor of her particular storm, I begin to wonder just exactly what I’m supposed to do now.
Josh Radnor|I grew up in the suburbs among highly educated people, in a house crammed with books. It was a culture rich in ideas, stimulation, entertainment, and mental activity, all helpful to the nurture of an imaginative child who wanted from an early age to be a writer.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|It was my first-year Latin teacher in high school who made me who made me discover I'd fallen in love with it (grammar). It took Latin to thrust me into bona fide alliance with words in their true meaning. Learning Latin fed my love for words upon words in continuation and modification, and the beautiful, sober, accretion of a sentence. I could see the achieved sentence finally standing there, as real, intact, and built to stay as the Mississippi State Capitol at the top of my street.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|I do not think either virginity or old age contemptible, and some of the shrewdest minds I have met inhabited the bodies of old maids.
Emily Adrian, Like It Never Happened|I won't take a real nap. I have this halfway place, a rest stop on the road to sleep, where I can stay for hours. I don't even need to close my eyes, just stay safe under the covers and breathe.
Robin Jenkins, The Changeling|Never to whine; to accept what came; to wait for better; to take what you could; to let no one, not even yourself, know how near to giving in you were.
- Nicholas Sparks, The Longest Ride|I am boring, but I'm ok with it. I'm the anchor, the shoulder...I'm an average man...with a truly extraordinary wife
Nabil N. Jamal|Communication succeeds when you make others understand you clearly, and they make you understand them clearly.
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|In human life and in the history of faith, I think, love has a quality of a bedrock reality we discover— adventurers, travelers, each of us, only fitfully apprehending its potential. I take some solace in the fact that I’m not alone in this intuition that the reality of evil, of injustice, of suffering notwithstanding, “at the center of this existence is a heart beating with love.” That’s how Desmond Tutu put it to me, with greater authority than mine from a life that has known extremes of human cruelty one to another.
Qiu Miaojin, Last Words from Montmartre|The major dilemma is that we tend to listen to reply, while all we should do is: listen to understand and feel.
Chuck Pulaski|This is for all the people I’ll never meet. This is for the person I might have kissed had I taken a different subway line on Saturday and the person I might have been if that boy hadn’t broken my mother’s teenage heart. This is for the people I would have loved if last winter hasn’t been so cold and for the city I would have called home if I had written haikus on napkins and carried pens in dress pockets and in the knots of my hair. This is for who I was, who I am, who I might be. This is for you.
Denise Di Novi|Every experience, good or bad, is a priceless collector's item.
Sheri  Fink, Five Days at Memorial: Life and Death in a Storm-Ravaged Hospital|Chapter 4,‘Organised abuse and the pleasures of disbelief’, uses Zizek’s (1991) insights into cite political role of enjoyment to analyse the hyperbole and scorn that has characterised the sceptical account of organised and ritualistic abuse. The central argument of this chapter is that organised abuse has come to public attention primarily as a subject of ridicule within the highly partisan writings of journalists, academics and activists aligned with advocacy groups for people accused of sexual abuse. Whilst highlighting the pervasive misrepresentations that characterise these accounts, the chapter also implicates media consumers in the production of ignorance and disdain in relation to organised abuse and women’s and children’s accounts of sexual abuse more generally.
James Hilton|Security is, I would say, our top priority because for all the exciting things you will be able to do with computers - organizing your lives, staying in touch with people, being creative - if we don't solve these security problems, then people will hold back.
Jocelyn  Murray, Khu: A Tale of Ancient Egypt|There is nothing more painful than the untimely death of someone young and dear to the heart. The harrowing grief surges from a bottomless well of sorrow, drowning the mourner in a torrent of agonizing pain; an exquisite pain that continues to afflict the mourner with heartache and loneliness long after the deceased is buried and gone.
David Foster Wallace, Consider the Lobster and Other Essays|What's the trick to remembering that a sandwich is masculine? What qualities does it share with anyone in possession of a penis? I'll tell myself that a sandwich is masculine because if left alone for a week or two, it will eventually grow a beard.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|Most photographers have some kind of verbal patter going on when they shoot: "Great. Turn to me. Big smile. Less shark eyes. Have fun with it. Not like that." Some photographers are compulsively effusive. "Beautiful. Amazing. Gorgeous! Ugh, so gorgeous!" they yell at shutter speed. If you are anything less than insane, you will realize this is not sincere. It's hard to take because it's more positive feedback than you've received in your entire life thrown at you in fifteen seconds. It would be like going jogging while someone rode next to you in a slow-moving car, yelling, "Yes! You are Carl Lewis! You're breaking a world record right now. Amazing! You are fast. You're going very fast, yes!
George Sander|There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.
Alan Paton|Purity engenders Wisdom, Passion avarice, and Ignorance folly, infatuation and darkness.
Terry Pratchett, Sourcery|And what would humans be without love?"RARE, said Death.
Matthew D. Heines|Wisdom of the Ages: "BS" Has now replaced death, worthless IOU's and ignorance as America's number one export.
Rushabh Patel|Don't fall for the ones who say, I am always yours. They are liars, unfortunately humans too
Richard Matheson, What Dreams May Come|Stress is the trash of modern life-we all generate it but if you don't dispose of it properly, it will pile up and overtake your life.
Alanis Morissette|I started life washing cars in Canada before moving on to selling life insurance and vacuum cleaners. Later, I went through a programme by Dr. Norman Vincent Peale, which literally changed my life. It was the turning point.
Richelle E. Goodrich|Don’t judge me. You’re not living my life and you know nothing about my battles. You have not the faintest idea of how I manage to smile in the middle of storms or how I transform my despair into delight. You have not the faintest idea of what I have gone through and why I am who I am today. This is my life and only I know the real story. The strains, the struggles, the sorrows are all mine. They’re not for you to assess or evaluate; I give that authority to none, for My Guiding Light is Within. - Manprit Kaur
Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton|The source of wisdom and power, of love and beauty, is within ourselves, but not within our egos. It is within our consciousness. Indeed, its presence provides us with a conscious contrast which enables us to speak of the ego as if it were something different and apart: it is the true Self whereas the ego is only an illusion of the mind.
Munia Khan, Beyond The Vernal Mind|I adore forgotten words, long lost folk tales, and books with pages soft and crumbling. I am a collector of scents and memories. The things that others bury are the things I hold most dear.
Dorothy Parker|By the time you swear you're his,Shivering and sighing.And he vows his passion is,Infinite, undying.Lady make note of this --One of you is lying.
scavola|Don’t start right off writing the ‘Great American Novel’, that's too much pressure and you'll get disappointed; start with porn, it’s fun and a good way to get your feet wet.
Stelios Haji-Ioannou|I don't know why you call it morning sickness, because I was sick all day and night!
Ron Baratono|When we choose to love people and the wonderful things around us, it always puts us one step above the people who choose not too. There's a peace we'll carry in our hearts. A feeling of being worthy of all situations.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|There more we read the Holy Bible, there more we will believe in God.
Harriet Beecher Stowe|It's a shameful, wicked, abominable law, and I'll break it, for one, the first time I get a chance; and I hope I shall have a chance, I do! Things have got to a pretty pass, if a woman can't give a warm supper and a bed to poor, starving creatures, just because they are slaves, and have been abused and oppressed all their lives, poor things!"... "Now, John, I don't know anything about politics, but I can read my Bible; and there I see that I must feed the hungry, clothe the naked, and comfort the desolate; and that Bible I mean to follow.
Alice Duer Miller|If it's painful for you to criticize your friends, you're safe in doing it; if you take the slightest pleasure in it, that's the time to hold your tongue.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|A charm invests a faceImperfectly beheld,—The lady dare not lift her veilFor fear it be dispelled.But peers beyond her mesh,And wishes, and denies,—Lest interview annul a wantThat image satisfies.
P.D. Ouspensky|Psychology is sometimes called a new science. This is quite wrong. Psychology is, perhaps, the oldest science, and, unfortunately, in its most essential features a forgotten science.
Stephen Richards, Releasing You from Fear|When your back is to the wall and you are facing fear head on, the only way is forward and through it.
Elif Batuman, The Idiot|It was hard to decide on a literature course. Everything the professors said seemed to be somehow beside the point. You wanted to know why Anna had to die, and instead they told you that 19th century Russian landowners felt conflicted about whether they were really a part of Europe. The implication was that it was somehow naive to want to talk about anything interesting, or to think that you would ever know anything important.
Robert Robert, Orijjjjjjice|I don't know what you mean, but I know that you mean it.(attrib: 'Edward', Appendix 2)
Ogwo David Emenike|In the classroom of hatred we learn pain, but love teaches us to forgive.
Lailah Gifty Akita, On Eagles Wings:Rise|Everyday should be Christmas. Christ first loved us, we ought to love one another.
Kenneth Eade, Russian Holiday|When it came to life or death, or anything else important, the only one you could count on was yourself.
Martin Rees|I always think of the live show first, where the song is gonna go in the show. That's why they aren't sad songs. When I play, I want to make people happy, not sad. It's such a pleasure for me to do what I do, and I want other people to feel some form of that pleasure, too.
Dale Carnegie|For me, every single thing I do seems to be about the process of letting go because that's what I so desperately need to do with so many things: with fear, with what people think of me, and all these things I've worried about my whole life.
Justin Cronin, The Passage|[Hot flashes] are the prime cause of sleep disruption in women over age fifty, Suzanne Woodward of Wayne State University School of Medicine reports. Her studies show that hot flashes in sleep occur about once an hour. Most prompt an arousal of three minutes or longer. Independently of their hot flashes, women who have them still awaken briefly every eight minutes on average. The sleep process dramatically blunts memory for awakenings, Woodward said, and in the morning women seldom realize how poorly they slept. Instead, they often focus on the daytime consequences of poor sleep, which include fatigue, lethargy, mood swings, depression, and irritability. Many women and their doctors, Woodward said, dismiss such symptoms as "just menopause." This is a mistake, she suggested, because treatment can reduce or eliminate hot flashes, aid sleep, relieve other symptoms, and improve a woman's quality of life. Treatment also helps keep frequent awakenings from becoming a bad habit that continues after hot flashes subside.
T.H. Snyder, Touched by You|What are you thinking?” I ask.“That I wish this was my home, too.” I have nothing to say to this, so I kiss him instead.
John Millington Synge|I think that with beauty, people jump to the end instead of starting from the beginning with a good lotion or prep.
J.C. Ryle, Christian Leaders of the Eighteenth Century|We all have struggle in our lives. We're all searching for personal freedom, whether we're in a bad place or trying to be true to ourselves.
William F. Buckley Jr.|Liberals claim to want to give a hearing to other views, but then are shocked and offended to discover that there are other views.
Kobe Bryant|When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie|After so many years struggling to keep up with you, I finally realized we’re not even running the same race.
Aimee Bender, The Particular Sadness of Lemon Cake|Revolution is not something fixed in ideology, nor is it something fashioned to a particular decade. It is a perpetual process embedded in the human spirit.
Kevin McCloud, Kevin McCloud's 43 Principles of Home: Enjoying Life in the 21st Century.|This is what happened when one left one's home - pieces of oneself scattered all over the world, no one place ever completely satisfied, always a nostalgia for the place left behind. Pieces of her in Vietnam, some in this place of bone. She brought the letter to her nose. The smell of Vietnam: a mix of jungle and wetness and spices and rot. A smell she hadn't realized she missed.
Henry Ossawa Tanner|The team is completely close. Anything you say outside, there is no chance it will go inside. So the team is really strong and compact. We know what we want and how to achieve it on the pitch.
Robert Palmer|If philosophy is practice, a demand to know the manner in which its history is to be studied is entailed: a theoretical attitude toward it becomes real only in the living appropriation of its contents from the texts.
Benjamin Jowett|I sat staring, staring, staring - half lost, learning a new language or rather the same language in a different dialect. So still were the big woods where I sat, sound might not yet have been born.
Criss Jami, Venus in Arms|There is a master way with words which is not learned but is instead developed: a deaf man develops exceptional vision, a blind man exceptional hearing, a silent man, when given a piece of paper...
Svetlana Chmakova, Brave|It doesn't count if it's from friends, right?
James Fenton|A glance at the history of European poetry is enough to inform us that rhyme itself is not indispensable. Latin poetry in the classical age had no use for it, and the kind of Latin poetry that does rhyme - as for instance the medieval 'Carmina Burana' - tends to be somewhat crude stuff in comparison with the classical verse that doesn't.
Aristotle, The Rhetoric & The Poetics of Aristotle|But you have to admit it is human nature to only really appreciate something if you’ve worked for it, or if you know you can lose it. How are you going to make the inhabitants of your little heaven feel fulfilled if everything comes to them easily?
Michel Foucault, The History of Sexuality, Volume 1: An Introduction|In actual fact. The manifold sexualities - those which appear with the different ages (sexualities of the infant or the child), those which become fixated on particular tastes or practices (the sexuality of the invert, the gerontophile, the fetishist), those which, in a diffuse manner, invest relationships (the sexuality of doctor and patient, teacher and student, psychiatrist and mental patient), those which haunt spaces (the sexuality of the home, the school, the prison)- all form the correlate of exact procedures of power.
Hilary Mantel|The chief role of the universities is to prolong adolescence into middle age, at which point early retirement ensures that we lack the means or the will to enforce significant change.
Faraaz Kazi|That’s what I’m trying, sir… getting my life.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Anger has great strength, but no brains. Greed has a great appetite, but no heart.Pride has a great spirit, but no soul.
Richard Dreyfuss|Completeness? Happiness? These words don't come close to describing my emotions. There truly is nothing I can say to capture what motherhood means to me, particularly given my medical history.
Stefan Hertmans, War and Turpentine|What remains to us here, behind the Yser, is not much more than a strip of land almost impossible to defend; a few rain-soaked trenches around razed villages; roads blown to smithereens, unusable by any vehicle; a creaky old horse cart we haul around ourselves, loaded with crates of damp ammunition that are constantly on the verge of sliding into a canal, forcing us to slog like madmen for every ten yards of progress as we stifle our warning cries; the snarling officers in the larger dug-outs, walled off with boards, where the privates have to bail water every day and brush the perpetual muck off their superiors’ boots; the endless crouching as we walk the trenches, grimy and smelly; our louse-ridden uniforms; our arseholes burning with irritation because we have no clean water for washing them after our regular attacks of diarrhoea; our stomach cramps as we crawl over heavy clods of earth like trolls in some gruesome fairy tale; the evening sun slanting down over the barren expanse; infected fingers torn by barbed wire; the startling memory of another, improbable life, when a thrush bursts into song in a mulberry bush or a spring breeze carries the smell of grassy fields from far behind the front line, and we throw ourselves flat on our bellies again as howitzers open fire out of nowhere, the crusts of bread in our hands falling into the sludge at the boot-mashed bottom of the stinking trench.
Phil Cooke|A man should never measure his wealth in achievements or personal riches, but rather by his love for her. She is more than a woman; she is a queen. She is more than the world; she is your universe.
Richard Feynman, Six Easy Pieces: Essentials of Physics By Its Most Brilliant Teacher|There was a young lady named Bright,Whose speed was far faster than light;She started one dayIn a relative way,And returned on the previous night.
Krishna Sagar|No matter what, you can only live this moment.
Harry S Truman|Brain surgeons are dealing with the very last thread of life, and they have to be very confident, but I think they tend to remember their failures rather than their successes, and that must be very hard. Who do you share that failure with? That's why their personal lives are often disastrous.
Elizabeth Marshall Thomas|I have sympathy for anyone who finds consolation anywhere we can. And many people do find it in religious tradition as it has been. I mean, I love much of that tradition. But somehow, that just didn't speak to me in the way that it does to some.
Dr Lloyd Magangeni|In success formula, master of history is the master builder of tomorrow
Matshona Dhliwayo|If your ears are bigger than your mouth, you will go very far in life.
Daniel Molyneux, The Angel of Antioch|Life isn't fair," comes the voice of Nana. She has told me that a thousand times. "What matters is how you handle it." I'm going to handle it by winning.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The cross was designed to defeat Satan, who by deception had obtained squatters’ rights to the title of the earth.
Carolyn Keene, The Message in the Hollow Oak|Nancy, every place you go, it seems as if mysteries just pile up one after another.
Holly Hood, Letters to You|Life was sucked from me, not any life, my life. And so it goes…..
Nikki Rowe|i love the moments i lost a little faith, spirit would always remind me; it was just a bad day.
Steven Levenkron, The Best Little Girl in the World|From the newsstands a dozen models smiled up at her from a dozen magazine covers, smiled in thin-faced, high-cheekboned agreement to Kessa's new discovery. They knew the secret too. They knew thin was good, thin was strong; thin was safe.
Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler|If I were to draw, I would apply myself only to studying the form of inanimate objects," I said somewhat imperiously, because I wanted to change the subjects and also because a natural inclination does truly lead me to recognise my moods in the motionless suffering of things.
R.S. Mollison-Read, Magician's Mastery|Shaking his head, Tobin turned back to his picnic spread, and there, sitting on the end of the checkered cloth, and helping himself to one of Tobin’s cupcakes, was a tiny brown squirrel.Tobin blinked in surprise.The squirrel was exceptionally bold. He made absolutely no move to leave, despite Tobin’s frown, and merely stuffed more pink icing into his mouth with one tiny paw. His ears were tufted into small points, and he tilted his head to the side as he surveyed Tobin with bright, inquisitive eyes.Tobin had to laugh. “Well, I suppose I don’t mind sharing with you, little guy, even if you did eat one of my cupcakes,” Tobin chuckled to himself.“I should hope so. Frankly, I’m surprised that you thought you could even eat five cupcakes all by yourself,” the squirrel replied airily.
William James|Beyond the very extremity of fatigue distress, amounts of ease and power that we never dreamed ourselves to own, sources of strength habitually not taxed at all, because habitually we never push through the obstruction
Josh Lieb, I am a Genius of Unspeakable Evil and I Want to Be Your Class President|I think if you don't really like a girl, you shouldn't horse around with her at all, and if you do like her, then you're supposed to like her face, and if you like her face, you ought to be careful about doing crumby stuff to it, like squirting water all over it. It's really too bad that so much crumby stuff is a lot of fun sometimes.
Charles   Lee, The Way To Dawn: End of Days|Loyalty," he stated, ineffably gentle. "A quality honoured by sages and fools, by which humankind finds the courage to trample the reflex for self-preservation.
Thomas Aquinas|To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible.
George Bernard Shaw, Heartbreak House|On observing 1963 America for the first time, the author says that organization and standardization to a certain degree compete with divine providence.
Andrea Dworkin, Intercourse|Inferiority is not banal or incidental even when it happens to women. It is not a petty affliction like bad skin orcircles under the eyes. It is not a superficial flaw in an otherwiseperfect picture. It is not a minor irritation, nor is it a trivialinconvenience, an occasional aggravation, or a regrettable but(frankly) harmless lapse in manners. It is not a “point of view”that some people with soft skins find “ offensive. ” It is the deepand destructive devaluing of a person in life, a shredding of dignity and self-respect, an imposed exile from human worthand human recognition, the forced alienation of a person fromeven the possibility of wholeness or internal integrity. Inferiorityputs rightful self-love beyond reach, a dream fragmented byinsult into a perpetually recurring nightmare; inferiority createsa person broken and humiliated inside. The fragments—scattered pieces and sharp slivers of someone who can neverbe made whole—are then taken to be the standard of what isnormal in her kind: women are like that. The insult that hurther—inferiority as an assault, ongoing since birth—is seen as aconsequence, not a cause, of her so-called nature, an inferior nature. In English, a graceful language, she is even called apiece. It is likely to be her personal experience that she is insufficientlyloved. Her subjectivity itself is second-class, her experiencesand perceptions inferior in the world as she is inferiorin the world. Her experience is recast into a psychologicallypejorative judgment: she is never loved enough because she isneedy, neurotic, the insufficiency of love she feels being in andof itself evidence of a deep-seated and natural dependency. Herpersonal experiences or perceptions are never credited as havinga hard core of reality to them. She is, however, never lovedenough. In truth; in point of fact; objectively: she is never lovedenough. As Konrad Lorenz wrote: “ I doubt if it is possible tofeel real affection for anybody who is in every respect one’s inferior.” 1 There are so many dirty names for her that one rarelylearns them all, even in one’s native language.
Carey Heywood, Him|A thin, polished woman walks in. She sticks out immediately in her expensive looking navy dress, shiny bag and shoes that probably cost more than I make in a month. My breath leaves me when I see that her arm is draped around a younger version of herself. That hair, it's pulled back way too tight now, but I'd run my hands through it a thousand times before. That face, now in layer of makeup that makes her look older than I remember, I'd held it in my calloused hands and kissed those lips goodbye over a year ago. She said she'd never see me again and I learned to accept that. She destroyed me, and I'd moved on.No. Not her. She's not from here anymore. I don't know who that person is anymore.
Angelo Tsanatelis, Scarred|What happened when the Verb asked the noun to conjugate? She said "no-no!", forgot the "o" and decided to become a nun!
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, The Hangman's Replacement: Sprout of Disruption|It was in Cleveland that Magic Slim became the most successful pornographic film producer in America. His training center was a key link in a human trafficking supply chain stretching from the former Soviet Republics in Eastern Europe to the United States. Trafficking accounts for an estimated $32 billion in annual trade with sex slavery and pornographic film production accounting for the greatest percentage.The girls arrived at Slim’s building young and naive, they left older and wiser. This was a classic value chain with each link making a contribution.  Slim’s trainers were the best, and it showed in the final product. Each class of girls was judged on the merits. The fast learners went on to advanced training. They learned proper etiquette, social skills and party games. They learned how to dress, apply makeup and discuss world events. Best in-class were advertised in international style magazines with code words. These codes were known only to select clients and certain intermediaries approved by Slim. This elaborate distribution system was part of Slim’s business model, his clients paid an annual subscription fee for the on-line dictionary. The code words and descriptions were revised monthly. An interested client would pay an access fee for further information that included a set of professional  photographs, a video and voice recordings of the model addressing the client by name.  Should the client accept, a detailed travel itinerary was submitted calling for first class travel and accommodation.  Slim required a letter of understanding spelling out terms and conditions and a 50% deposit. He didn’t like contracts, his word was his bond, everyone along the chain knew that.Slim's business was booming.
Simon Hoggart|Faulkner turned out to be a great teacher. When a student asked a question ineptly, he answered the question with what the student had really wanted to know.
Kaui Hart Hemmings, The Descendants|The Amy of today was abrasive enough to want to hurt, sometimes. I speak specifically of the Amy of today, who was only remotely like the woman I fell in love with. It had been an awful fairy-tale reverse transformation. Over just a few years, the old Amy, the girl of the big laugh and the east ways, literally shed herself, a pile of skin and soul on the floor, and out stepped this new, brittle, bitter Amy. My wife was no longer my wife but a razor-wire knot daring me to unloop her, and I was not up to the job with my thick, numb, nervous fingers. Country fingers. Flyover fingers untrained in the intricate, dangerous work of solving Amy. When I'd hold up the bloody stumps, she'd sigh and turn to her secret mental notebook on which she tallied all my deficiencies, forever noting disappointments, frailties, shortcomings. My old Amy, damn, she was fun. She was fun. She made me laugh. I'd forgotten that. And she laughed, From the bottom of her throat, from right behind that small finger-shaped hollow, which is the best place to laugh from. She released her grievances like handfuls of birdseed: They are there, and they are gone.
David Marusek, Mind Over Ship|My father was a slave to capitalist ideology. He didn't know what he was doing.""You mean you went to an expensive school?
Kate Kerrigan, Recipes for a Perfect Marriage|Trust is nothing when you have it. It's bread and milk. Basic. There's no glamour, no emotion, no drama - you just trust and that's it. Trusting someone is boring. It's a non-event. But take it away - try living without trust and suddenly your relationship is plunged into a living hellhole.
Michelle Franklin|Do what is right and what is good." -- Bryeison to Alasdair before going to his death on the battlefield.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|Caveman used to be a hunter-gatherer...Modern man hunts for jobs(if he wants to be an employee) and for heads (if he is an employer), and later gathers paper in the form of currency notes, contracts, policies or shares.
Deyth Banger|Second, you should examine the Scriptures for principles that relate to the issue at hand. The Lord will never ask you to do anything that is morally wrong or in contradiction to His Word. If what you are considering violates a concept you find in the Word, you can forget it.
Max Weber|The human race is a very, very magical race. We have a magic power of witches and wizards. We're here on this earth to unravel the mystery of this planet. The planet is asking for it.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|What is wrong with you?' I shake my head. 'Pull it together.' And that's what it feels like: pulling the different parts of me up and in like a shoelace. I feel suffocated, but at least I feel strong.
Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men|They say you are not you except in terms of relation to other people. If there weren't any other people there wouldn't be any you because what you do, which is what you are, only has meaning in relation to other people.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings With Jesus Christ 2: Preparing for God's Paradise|It is no secret that the world hates Christianity; but when the world runs out of options, they desperately look for God.
Nova Ren Suma, The Walls Around Us|Nothing in my life has ever felt so good, yet hurt so achingly bad.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Reality Check: A Collection of Poems|Thoughts have the power,To change how you perceive the world around you,To inflict worry, or make peace abound too.
Dominic Riccitello|I loved him to death. Then I came to realization with how arrogant he was and instead of falling out of love, I fell harder. Every passing day I fell a little harder, a little faster, and a little sadder. I became anxious, obsessive, hurt, and sad. But one morning I awoke to realize I fell out of it. I loved him. I still do. But I was in love with him until the death of the relationship. Now I just love him. From afar. From the knowledge. From the happiness an individual gave me.
Janni Lee Simner, Faerie Winter|Blessed are the powers that grant me magic.I promise to use their gift well.To help mend my world.To help mend all worlds.And should I forget to mend,Should I refuse to mend,Still I will rememberTo do no harm.
Lewis N. Roe, From A To Theta: Taking The Tricky Subject Of Religion And Explaining Why It Makes Sense In A Way We Can All Understand|Dragons were dangerous in the sky. Of course, they were dangerous on the ground too. Just less dangerous. In the same way that a sword is less dangerous so long as it’s pointed at someone else.
Jonathan Wilson-Hartgrove, God's Economy: Redefining the Health and Wealth Gospel|People who are starving and dressed in rags don’t want to hear someone read a list of propositional “good news.” They want to see the good news in action. The church doesn’t hold revival meetings and call it a day — we feed the hungry, clothe the naked, dig wells, and staff medical clinics. Social action isn’t an optional part of evangelism; it is evangelism. This is an important correction to the overspirituality that dominated evangelical Christianity just a generation ago. But the both/and of holistic mission still misses the heart of Jesus if we don’t see that the church needs the poor as much as the poor need the church. Jesus didn’t embrace the poor only because he pitied them or because he knew he had the resources to help them. Jesus embraced the poor because they were rushing into the kingdom ahead of the scribes and Pharisees — those who called themselves God’s people. Jesus welcomed people who knew poverty because they were ready to receive what he had to offer. Religious people, he said, could learn something from them. Our spiritual lives are linked to the material conditions of our life. When we feel like we don’t need much materially, we often have trouble remembering why we need God. We comfortable Americans can go through an entire day without thinking of God. But Jesus gave the poor more than food to eat and relief from their sickness. He restored them to God’s beloved community.
Sunday Adelaja|It is important to build inner core, form beliefs and life values
Gudjon Bergmann|Meditation is an interesting practice. It is so simple that anyone can learn how to do it. You sit still, relax, concentrate, gently struggle with the mind, and create moments of peace. That’s it. I have revealed my trade secret. Of course there is a little more to it, but not much. However, that doesn’t mean that meditation is easy. By comparison, swimming is also simple, yet, it takes years of practice to become good at swimming, especially if you want to swim at sea. Running is even simpler. Nonetheless, we all know that in order to become a good runner, practice is imperative. And for both you need coaches. The same is true about meditation. Simple is not the same as easy.
Aberjhani, I Made My Boy Out of Poetry|In this quiet place on a quiet streetwhere no one ever finds usgently, lovingly, freedom gives back our pain.--from poem In a Quiet Place on a Quiet Street
Barbara W. Tuchman, The Proud Tower: A Portrait of the World Before the War, 1890-1914|Love it, Do it, Be in it, Become it until it regenerates in your legacy.
Joan Ambu|Whichever season you’re in, rejoice and celebrate your life as you might not experience it twice.
Steven Erikson|He bit his lip in a manner which immediately awakened my maternal sympathy, and I helped him bite it.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|Now there were stars overhead, hanging like frozen spears of light, stabbing the night sky.
Colleen Boyd, Swamp Angel|She used to think alone was the answer. Alone would stop the whispers and the taunts. Alone couldn't get her into any more trouble. Alone meant not getting hurt. Now, she'd give anything to see another human being. To hear someone call her name
Staci Bartley, A Dose Of Love: Simple words of wisdom for creating more love and less fear in your relationships.|Relationships take skill, not perfection or luck!
Jane Velez-Mitchell|I took the initiative in moving forward a whole range of initiatives that have proven to be important to our country's economic growth, environmental protection, improvements in our educational system.
Lisa Brown Roberts, Playing the Player|Clara smoked in the shallow pool as Lana del Rey poured from her phone. She shaded her eyes. She liked the shallow pool because she could lay out, half in the sun, half in the water, and not get her hair wet. She had black eyeliner smeared under her eyes from who-knows-when, and while she never bothered to fix it, she did apply more, so she looked permanently hung over. She liked that.
Arthur Balfour|Sins cannot be undone, only forgiven.
Jack Weatherford, Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World|Without the vision of a goal, a man cannot manage his own life, much less the lives of others.
Lisa Tawn Bergren|Are you educated in the art of medicine?” Yeah, the art of Walgreens and Urgent Care. “A bit,” I hedged.
