Mehmet Murat ildan|Despite billions of Sun, the universe is still in darkness! The wisdom of light is yet powerless!
Wafa Sultan|Why does a young Muslim, in the prime of life, with a full life ahead, go and blow himself up in a bus full of innocent passengers? In our countries, religion is the sole source of education, and this is the only spring from which that terrorist drank until his thirst was quenched. He was not born a terrorist, and did not become a terrorist overnight. Islamic teachings played a role in weaving his ideological fabric, thread by thread, and did not allow other sources—I am referring to scientific sources—to play a role. It was these teachings that distorted this terrorist, and killed his humanity; it was not [the terrorist] who distorted the religious teachings, and misunderstood them, as some ignorant people claim. When you recite to a child still in his early years the verse 'They will be killed or crucified, or have their hands and feet on alternative sides cut off,' regardless of this verse's interpretation, and regardless of the reasons it was conveyed, or its time, you have made the first step towards creating a great terrorist.
Alasdair MacIntyre, A Short History Of Ethics: A History Of Moral Philosophy From The Homeric Age To The Twentieth Century|Plato in both the Gorgias and the Republic looked back to Socrates and asserted that "it is better to suffer tortures on the rack than to have a soul burdened with the guilt of doing evil." Aristotle does not confront this position directly: he merely emphasizes that it is better still both to be free from having done evil and to be free from being tortured on the rack.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Welcome to the Monkey House|Sane people did what their neighbors did, so that if any lunatics were at large, one might know and avoid them.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|But the truth was stranger than an aimless road, it always was.
Kimberly Raye, Dead End Dating|I could run, too, but my feet hurt. It's tough being a fashion vixen.
Greg Lynn|The other thing about FEMA, my understanding is that it was supposed to move into the Department of Homeland Security... and be what it was, but also having a lot of lateral communication with all those others involved in that issue of homeland security.
Shawn Mendes|I hope to make a positive, productive contribution, as cheesy as that may sound.
Jack D. Zipes, Spells of Enchantment: The Wondrous Fairy Tales of Western Culture|Think of every fairy-tale villainess you've ever heard of. Think of the wicked witches, the evil queens, the mad enchantresses. Think of the alluring sirens, the hungry ogresses, the savage she-beasts. Think of them and remember that somewhere, sometime, they've all been real.
Richard Paul Evans, The Mistletoe Promise|If I could go back would I do it differently? Well, I can't go back.
Stephen Hawking|The great majority of Baghdad is a slum - a lot of it's new, but it's still slum. It's usually this concrete-block, one-room design with a door and a window, arranged one-up, one-down, often with a shop with nothing in it on the first floor, and then a one-room apartment above it. There's street after street after street of that stuff.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse|Pulling the chair out for me, he invited me to sit. I stood there wondering if I could sprint for the nearest exit. Stupid strappy shoes, I'd never make it. He leaned in close and whispered in my ear, "I know what you're thinking, and I'm not going to let you escape again. You can either take a seat and have dinner with me like a normal date," he grinned at his word choice, "or," he paused thoughtfully then threatened, "you can sit on my lap while I force-feed you.
Paracelsus|I was court-martialled in my absence, and sentenced to death in my absence, so I said they could shoot me in my absence.
Tice Davids aka David T. Parker|When we can trust that it's we who think, feel, and act rather than the ghosts of our parents or well-trained robots, we learn that we can also love, be in relationships, and be in the world without losing ourselves.
Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living|Patience is a natural consequence of the cultivation of compassion & love, for ourselves and all beings.
Bijou Hunter, In the Wind|If you love her, that's all that matters.
Tom Hanks|I am completely open to doing a romantic comedy, but I will never do something just for the sake of doing a specific genre or because it's the time or place to do a different type of movie. I think that would be a huge mistake.
Robert J. Braathe|A responsible step in loosening the grip of any lie we might be living is to ask ourselves, solemnly and seriously, this momentous question: "Might I be in the wrong?" What gives this question its power? The answer can be stated very simply: Just to ask the question seriously, even without answering it, is already to undergo a change of attitude.
Steven Strait|The catering on 'True Blood' was so good - I'd be eating amazing doughnuts all day, then realised I was in danger of turning into a right fat faerie.
Lailah Gifty Akita|FAITH in God is the only fortune, there is.
A.R. Von, Envy's Curse|You're Subject A-two," Newt answered. Then he lowered his eyes"And?" Thomas pushed.Newt hesitated, then answered without looking at him. "It doesn't call you anything. It just says . . . 'To be killed by Group B.
Ade Santi|If you say one thing, and do something different, how can your conscience trust you? Self-trust comes from integrity.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The dark might be dark, but at least we don’t have to look at ourselves when we’re standing in it.
RVM|Have your own convictions. Believe in the laws of your conscience because if you believe in everything, you become nothing.
CS Lewis|My prayer is that when I die, all of hell rejoices that I am out of the fight.
Dillon Burroughs|Why is it that we feel bad when “all” we can do for a person is pray for them? We feel like we need to work to help, but remember: prayer is the work.
Chris Pine|My mother told me one day I walked in to her and said, 'Mom, I'm not going to be sick anymore,' and she said 'Why?' and I said 'Because an angel told me so.' Now, I don't remember saying it; that's just what she told me.
S.M. Carrière, The Dying God & Other Stories|Gold is cold, and men who possess much of it are infected with its chill.
Euripides|But if I decide to decide there’s a different, less selfish, less lonely point to my life, won’t the reason for this decision be my desire to be less lonely, meaning to suffer less overall pain? Can the decision to be less selfish ever be anything other than a selfish decision?
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|You are not disposable. I know you feel that way when people choose to walk out of your life, but their emptiness causes space. And that vacant area of your life is desperately crying out for the one meant to take up residence. Let the angry tenant go. You don't want someone staying because you've begged and pleaded for their occupancy. You want the one who sees your quaking heart and says: "Honey I'm home".
Jose A. Aviles Ed. D.|It became by mission to work with young people to help show them the way, not save them! But help them understand that there are choices that can be made today that will make the difference for their rest of their lives.
Tennessee Williams|No matter how well things are going, failure and disaster are just around the corner. So celebrate the good, but be ready for the bad.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Travel far enough, you meet yourself.
Abdul khadar|There is no rural life in a countryman’s dream and there is no city life in a townsman’s dream! We often dream of the other shores, not our own shore!
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|If you’re planning on quitting, first make sure it's not for one of these reasons:FearDiscomfortAngerSelf-pitySomeone’s negative opinionsPast failuresUnrealistic expectations
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Great is the person who does good always, in sickness and in health, in riches and in poverty.
Donald Miller, To Own a Dragon: Reflections on Growing Up Without a Father|I fell in love with books. Some people find beauty in music, some in painting, some in landscape, but I find it in words. By beauty, I mean the feeling you have suddenly glimpsed another world, or looked into a portal that reveals a kind of magic or romance out of which the world has been constructed, a feeling there is something more than the mundane, and a reason for our plodding.
Jennifer Crusie, Faking It|Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans, born in this century, tempered by war, disciplined by a hard and bitter peace, proud of our ancient heritage, and unwilling to witness or permit the slow undoing of those human rights to which this nation has always been committed, and to which we are committed today at home and around the world. Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Curse of Wanyaka Cave|It seems there's confusion at this time of yearregarding the reason for Christmas.From shopping for presents to spreading good cheer,the world makes an overly huge fuss.But Christmas is not for the gifts we exchange.It's not about sleigh rides or sweet candy canes.Nay, Christmas is simple. A time to recallChrist's gift of atonement He gave to us all.
Sunday Adelaja|You create a strong, unshakable internal core by unshakable internal core by understanding and pursuing the attributes that you want to inherit from your creator
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Scientists are a friendly, atheistic, hard-working, beer-drinking lot whose minds are preoccupied with sex, chess and baseball when they are not preoccupied with science.
Giselle Ellis, Take My Picture|I don't function without a heart, he said angrily and thenadded under his breath as he grabbed at the front of his Tshirt,He's right here.
Deborah Johnson, The Secret of Magic|Regina read all this, thinking with each sentence she'd put the book down. But a sentence became a paragraph, which flowed on into a page, two pages, a chapter, more.
Alexei Panshin, Rite of Passage|Maturity is about ripeness, thoughtfulness, quality, balance, and wisdom.
Roshan Sharma|Your mind is a magic pot, from which you pick the things, and manifest life out of it. If you don’t tell your mind, your priorities, it will be easier for your mind, to pick anything, to serve you with your life.
Nancy E. Turner, These Is My Words: The Diary of Sarah Agnes Prine, 1881-1901|I told Mama and Savannah about Ruben's proposal. That got us to talking about marriage and we laughed and cried some, and missed Papa, and it felt good to belong to each other. I don't feel as lonely today as I have in months. At least I know there are other women around me. 
Rachel Hawkins, Spell Bound|I was an infant when my parents died.Thye both were ornithologists. I've triedSo often to evoke them that todayI have a thousand parents. Sadly theyDissolve in their own virtues and recede,But certain words, chance words I hear or read,Such as "bad heart" always to him refer,And "cancer of the pancreas" to her.
George Stamatis|We need more inclusion, partnerships over partisanships in politics to solve man-made problems to be better off and in order to change the world
Plato|Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws.
Kristen Ashley, Own the Wind|I thought if I followed the rules, things would turn out all right. that's the thing about the cure, isn't it? It isn't just about deliria at all. It's about order. A path for everyone. You just have to follow it and everything will be okay. That's what the DFA is about. That's what I belevied in-what I've had to believe in. Because otherwise, it's just...chaos.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters on Cézanne|On the day the tree bloomed in the fall, when its white apple blossoms fell and covered the ground like snow, it was tradition for the Waverleys to gather in the garden like survivors of some great catastrophe, hugging one another, laughing as they touched faces and arms, making sure they were all okay, grateful to have gotten through it.
Ralph Ellison, Invisible Man|The world each person creates for himself is a distinctive world, not the same world others occupy.
Michael Barnett, Eyewitness to a Genocide: The United Nations and Rwanda|Larine had a bright future ahead of her, but she had to learn to obey the rules before she could begin learning which could be broken and when.
Barbara Jordan|Think what a better world it would be if we all, the whole world, had cookies and milk about three o'clock every afternoon and then lay down on our blankets for a nap.
John Taylor Gatto|When you take the free will out of education, that turns it into schooling.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox|People like to make up stories about things they don’t understand, so there are over a thousand myths about the moon. One legend claims that on the surface is everything that was wasted here on Earth: misspent time, squandered wealth, broken vows, unanswered prayers, useless tears, all the leftover bits and pieces of countless shattered lives.If you believe in that sort of thing.
Jennifer Aniston|I think the difference between finding happiness, or moments of happiness, is how you choose to interpret things. That's a rather shocking responsibility. That we're responsible for our own happiness. It's not those around us.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With The Wolves: Contacting the Power of the Wild Woman|Be wild; that is how to clear the river. The river does not flow in polluted, we manage that. The river does not dry up, we block it. If we want to allow it its freedom, we have to allow our ideational lives to be let loose, to stream, letting anything come, initially censoring nothing. That is creative life. It is made up of divine paradox. To create one must be willing to be stone stupid, to sit upon a throne on top of a jackass and spill rubies from one’s mouth. Then the river will flow, then we can stand in the stream of it raining down.
C.J. Redwine|You're worth so much more than anything I can give you. If you can't believe that right now, believe in me.
John Barnes, The Merchants of Souls|Ah. Well, it stands for Freedom From Morality. We don't think healthy amorality happens naturally." "But you're not amoral," I pointed out. I would trust you to keep your word any time. You don't steal. I've never known you to harm anyone except enemy soldiers in time of war." He laughed. "I didn't say 'immoral', I said amoral. You really didn't read your guidebook. A person who has a compulsive need to break moral commandments is as much a prisoner as the person who feels bound to obey them. And the human brain is hardwired to produce moral commandments. That is why we think you have to train young people to keep them from developing morality and blocking their pursuit of pleasure. I teach it because --" "It gives you an outlet for your sadistic urge to confuse children.
David Brooks|Human beings are primarily defined by what we desire, not what we know.
Amanda Mosher, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Love may be a ring that has no end, but the logic is far from circular.
Trilby D. Johnson, A-Ha Moments: Inspirational Quotes to Shift Your Thinking|Most of the time, your body is way ahead of your mind.
Stockwell Day|By our Heavenly Father and only because of God, only because of God. We're like other couples. We do not get along perfectly; we do not go without arguments and, as I call them, fights, and heartache and pain and hurting each other. But a marriage is three of us.
Sheri L. Dew|When you win a lot, you don't learn much. With my ups and downs, it's a lot of learning.
Yo-Yo Ma|I took classical piano for a couple of years, but I sort of lost interest - I couldn't read a note today if I tried. I still enjoy that stuff, and I think I naturally gravitate towards the classical licks; in fact, I know that I do. I gravitate towards the classical licks that I heard by famous old composers.
Nelly Kaplan|Night is mine, together with a substantial part of the future.
John Masefield|I have seen flowers come in stony placesAnd kind things done by men with ugly faces,And the gold cup won by the worst horse at the races,So I trust, too.
J. Edgar Hoover|What a word is truth. Slippery, tricky, unreliable. I tried in these books to tell the truth.
Susan Ee, End of Days|Most of the time, all the separates a class president and a gang leader is numbers: a zip code, a paycheck, or a drug dealer’s phone number.
Asif Kapadia|I'm interested in things that change the world or that affect the future and wondrous, new technology where you see it, and you're like, 'Wow, how did that even happen? How is that possible?'
George du Maurier|Happiness is like time and space--we make and measure it ourselves; it is a fancy--as big, as little, as you please; just a thing of contrasts and comparisons, like health or strength or beauty or any other good--that wouldn't even be noticed but for sad personal experience of its opposite!--or its greater!
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|But I try not to think with my gut. If I'm serious about understanding the world, thinking with anything besides my brain, as tempting as that might be, is likely to get me into trouble.
Günter Grass|It was woman that taught me cruelty, and on woman therefore I have exercised it.
Cyrano de Bergerac|These roads do not serve transportation alone, they also bind our Fatherland.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Passionate people are great about discovering what lights their fire and going for it. They might be encouraged by others who share their passion, but they don’t rely on others to tell them what they need to do or how they need to do it.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Phantom in the Night|I learned the bad guys are not always bad, the good guys are not always good, and to quote Captain Barbossa, the parameters are like rules, mostly guidelines. And that it takes a little bit of bad boy to fight the evil in the world.--Terri Mitchell
Seinabo Sey|Motherhood is not what was left over after our Father blessed His sons with priesthood ordination. It was the most ennobling endowment He could give His daughters, a sacred trust that gave women an unparalleled role in helping His children keep their second estate.
Jonathan Safran Foer|I want an infinitely blank book and the rest of time......why didn't I learn to treat everything like it was the last time, my greatest regret is how much I believed in the future.
Elias Canetti|I stare at the stars... And even though there are so many and they look so close together, I know they are light years apart. The glitter in the sky looks as if I could scoop it all up in my hands and let the stars swirl and touch one another, but they are so distant, so very far apart, that they cannot feel the warmth of each other, even though they are made of bu
John Katzman|After graduation in June of 1984, I moved to Manhattan. My first stop was a psychiatrist, who in less than our first fifty-minute session again diagnosed me with depression.
Gina Marinello-Sweeney, I Thirst|Or, maybe what really mattered was that game of Crazy 8s.
Stephen McCauley, Insignificant Others|Human life is designed as a self-study program.Existence is always one undivided. It is what we often call the Light. It is a pure consciousness of unconditional love. Out of the Light the idea of darkness is created. There is no existence of light and darkness, as separated energies. The separation is illusionary.Experiencing ourselves as humans is an exploration of the greater Self in a localised condition. A dense reality is created to facilitate the idea of forgetfulness. Now we collectively entered a new time of remembering. It is not necessary anymore to create the illusion of self-disconnection from the energy source.
Loren Eiseley, The Immense Journey|I had written the sentence, 'You mustn't think that the evolution that gave rise to us was the only evolutionary possibility on this planet. . . . that cultural developments could be shaped through the mediation of another animal species. If the biological conditions were favorable, some civilization not inferior to our own could arise in the depths of the sea. . . . Would it do the same stupid things mankind has done? Would it invite the same historical calamities? What would we say if some animal other than man declared that its education and its numbers gave it the sole right to occupy the entire world and hold sway over all creation?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Life can be awful. Life can be ugly.And still there are those who smile at the darkness, anticipating the beauty of an eventual sunrise.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|The proper use of language, for me personally, is one that enables us to approach things (present or absent) with discretion, attention, and caution, with respect for what things (present or absent) communicate without words.
Shay Savage, Otherwise Unharmed|You love that, don't you?" I growled. "Being hammered by my cock... you must think you're in... fucking... heaven."Punctuation by cock thrust - the very best kind.
Anton Chekhov|It was hard and sour, but, as Poushkin said, the illusion which exalts us is dearer to us than ten thousand truths. I saw a happy man, one whose dearest dream had come true, who had attained his goal in life, who had got what he wanted, and was pleased with his destiny and with himself.
Jeri Smith-Ready, Requiem for the Devil|Go ahead, God, you fat, filthy motherfucker, lightning-bolt my ass into oblivion if you're so tough!
Ram Charan|A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning.
Lailah Gifty Akita|You see, Christ's purpose can't be derailed by your limitations or troubles. Your difficulties will not trip Him up or cause Him delays. Painful trials, which may bring you to your knees will not baffle our Creator. He has a God-sized dream waiting for you to accomplish. His majestic plan is sovereign. Ultimately, He could use anything to graciously lead you to victory.
Lily Amis, Angel of Love  Lily: Zak, My Sweet Inspiration|The most harmful lies and the most hurtful, always contain a grain of truth," he said. "But nevertheless, lies they do remain.
Katie Reus, Shattered Duty|Stop. Talking."Her whisper was muffled against his lips, and his answering chuckle was muffled by hers."What would you have me do instead?""For starters? Put your mouth to better use.
Lisa Kessler, Ice Moon|It's about your mom."	"She's not mad at your again, is she?"	"No." I set the drill aside. ""In fact, I wanted to ask you for your permission to court your mom."	"You're taking her to court?
Olga Grushin, Forty Rooms|He went to sleep as soon as they'd gone, waking in the middle of the night and walking outside into a sky whose stars hung so low he felt he strolled among them and he could see indeed, so clear the air, the very flames of their inner workings.
Rabindranath Tagore|I slept and dreamt that life was joy. I awoke and saw that life was service. I acted and behold, service was joy.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Life is sometimes to be a monkey with a monkey, to be a dog with a dog, a bird with a bird, water with water, tree with tree! It is a great wisdom to interiorize the mind of others, in other words, to make their spirit our own spirit!
Imania Margria, Secrets of My Heart|Dreams are like puzzles. When all the pieces are missing, it is up to us to find them and decide where and how they fit in.
Elyne Mitchell, Silver Brumby's Daughter|Our enemies are Medes and Persians, men who for centuries have lived soft and luxurious lives; we of Macedon for generations past have been trained in the hard school of danger and war. Above all, we are free men, and they are slaves. There are Greek troops, to be sure, in Persian service — but how different is their cause from ours! They will be fighting for pay — and not much of at that; we, on the contrary, shall fight for Greece, and our hearts will be in it. As for our foreign troops — Thracians, Paeonians, Illyrians, Agrianes — they are the best and stoutest soldiers in Europe, and they will find as their opponents the slackest and softest of the tribes of Asia. And what, finally, of the two men in supreme command? You have Alexander, they — Darius!
Colleen Boyd, Swamp Angel|Feelings are relative. And at the root, they're all the same, even if they grow from different experiences and exist on different scales.
Jason Gurley, Deep Breath Hold Tight: Stories About the End of Everything|Without space, there could not have been God. Likewise, without chit the other three elements, manas, buddhi and ahankar cannot manifest.
Martin Seligman|My father was an urchin that lived in Hell's Kitchen. He was part of a family of nine. I mean, there were times that were better and worse, but mostly, by the time we got to L.A., they'd lost whatever they had. And it was a sad time. And both he and I became truck drivers for different companies.
John Connolly, The Unquiet|When it is a law abiding common person versus the police internal affairs regarding a corrupt or incompetent police officer, the statistics show that it is the common person that most frequently loses.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|Choice means more than one option doesnt mean its completely open ended so it's controlled choice not a choice of anything they like, and the problem is, what if you chose not to decide? Then you still have made a choice already. So you must differentiate here between a literal choice and a rational choice, you can say how is that ever a rational choice? If you have to make a rational choice between, for example killing two innocent people, that is impossible. Did you see, so you have to make a literal choice though always.
Katlyn Charlesworth, The Patriot's Daughter|Bonobo discipline involves being schooled in a gentler, more playful fashion.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Works|Although secular fundamentalist “progressives” might believe in a future “golden age,” such an age does not exist. The future that they herald is merely one of gathering gloom and ever darkening clouds. This fate has ever been so for those who proclaim their “Pride.” They have nothing to expect in the future but their fall.As for the Christian, he has nothing to fear but his falling into the pride of despair. If he avoids becoming despondent and retains his humility, he will receive the gift of hope which is its fruit. Where there is hope there is the Way, the Truth and the Life.
Alicia T. Bowens, L.O.V.E. for Teen Moms: You Can Still Have Lives of Vision & Empowerment|There comes a point in your life when you have to take a decision, firm one. You take it, stick to it, execute it. You might alienate some people with your decision but as long as you know the decision is right there is nothing to be concerned about. If you have the slightest doubt that the decision was wrong and it has done more harm than good, you must rectify. If you are sure the decision was absolutely right then you need not be worried about the people you alienated, you are better off without them in your life.If people cannot appreciate you for what you are, you don't need their drama in your life.
Carla H. Krueger, Sleeping with the Sun|Beyond the boundaries of herself, her parents and the enclosing garden walls, were open fields and other waiting places she still knew nothing of – lies of the land, perhaps. What Katie did know is that out there in the lonely nowhere was a special quietness, free of the sounds of daytime birds or foxes at night – and that it was a quietness she might like to listen to one day.
Thomas Fuller|A girl phoned me the other day and said... 'Come on over, there's nobody home.' I went over. Nobody was home.
Carl Sandburg|Painting is silent poetry, and poetry is painting that speaks.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Timequake|The reason death sticks so closely to life isn't biological necessity - it's envy. Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at what it can.
Eric Berry|When I was 10, I had a paper route. One year, I delivered my papers through a hurricane. My mother was against the idea, but my dad, who was a sergeant in the Marine Corps, overruled her. I was determined to deliver my papers.
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|Why hasn't anyone killed him yet?”“Dumb luck,” Wit said. “In that I’m lucky you’re all so dumb.
Soren Kierkegaard|It is better to be unhappy in love than unhappy in marriage, but some people manage to be both.
Laurie Graham|Rip Rig & Panic was a milestone for me, and I've always been really thankful that I did that when I was 16. It saved me for when I suddenly became really successful later on. So even when my head's been spinning like a banshee, my feet still feel held down to the ground.
Alicia Keys|In football you always get judged on your last game. Whoever you are, or how amazing you are, it's the last game that everyone has seen.
Frederick Espiritu, One Whole Naked Me|Be you.That, my friend,is the change you wantto become in the world.
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|I felt so much older now, so much more responsible. I guess that there were some positive outcomes: I knew more things than usual, and I knew that I really could accomplish anything and everything. But sometimes, all a fifteen-year-old girl wants is to stop growing. She wants time to slow down and eventually stand still where she can be young and inexperienced forever. Sometimes, she simply wants to remain a child.
Rupert Thomson, The Five Gates of Hell|She was someone who heard each grain in the hour-glass, she felt the passing seconds like sandpaper against her softest skin. Time actually seemed to hurt her, and people helped her get through it. [..] Sometimes it seemed to Nathan that her life was just that, a feat of held breath, just another ten seconds, just another five, and then death would flood her lungs like water, a string of glass bubbles to the surface and then nothing. She was scared in a way that he could understand. The kind of fear that sends you running across a six-lane highway or jumping into rapids. She was someone who ran towards her fear, screaming. Who tried to frighten it. Who, in another period of history, would have been worshipped as a saint or burned as a witch.
Hannah Tinti, The Twelve Lives of Samuel Hawley|I will put warm woolen socks on the feet of the people in the other world; but I dream and cannot wake, and I am cast over the cliff and hang there by two fingers that are danced and trampled on by the giant unreality.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Being Peace|If in our daily life we can smile, if we can be peaceful and happy, not only we, but everyone will profit from it. This is the most basic kind of peace work.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams|I feel as if something has been torn suddenly out of my life and left a terrible hole. I feel as if I couldn't be I — as if I must have changed into somebody else and couldn't get used to it. It gives me a horrible lonely, dazed, helpless feeling. It's good to see you again — it seems as if you were a sort of anchor for my drifting soul.
Elizabeth George, Walking with the Women of the Bible: A Devotional Journey Through God's Word|The most tried and true way to put God first is to read His Word, the Bible, and obey it. There are no shortcuts to spiritual growth.
Adelaide Crapsey, Verse by Adelaide Crapsey|Scarlet the poppies Blue the corn-flowers, Golden the wheat. Gold for the Eternal: Blue for Our Lady: Red for the five Wounds of her Son.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...you called me poet-priest - I am. ...devoted to my art, faithful to you...or, is the other way around?...
Pema Chödrön, When Things Fall Apart: Heart Advice for Difficult Times|Things falling apart is a kind of testing and also a kind of healing. We think that the point is to pass the test or to overcome the problem, but the truth is that things don’t really get solved. They come together and they fall apart. Then they come together again and fall apart again. It’s just like that. The healing comes from letting there be room for all of this to happen: room for grief, for relief, for misery, for joy.
David Cronenberg, Consumed|We need to be wise consumers of information in an age of artificially created reality, written by professional propagandists, bought and paid for by special interests who many times disguise themselves as grassroots movements but are nothing but AstroTurf. They’ll give you turf burns and turf toe, but never the truth.
J.M. Redmann, The Girl on the Edge of Summer|Spring was becoming summer, not yet the oppressive heat of July and August, but sweaty days that were harbingers. Of course, now we had the modern conveniences, air-conditioning, to deal with them in a way Augustine Lamoureaux and her girls on the edge of summer did not. As much as things had changed—and they had—it was still bitter how close so many women lived to the edge. One jealous boyfriend, walking down the wrong street, saying the wrong thing, not being “feminine” enough, bad luck, combined with a few wrong choices—we all make them—and like Tiffany, we would fall forever over the edge.
|If you woke up this morning in good health, then you have a great reason to be very grateful and thankful. Life is always better when you celebrate every moment of it with the spirit of gratitude.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|Yeah, well, he’s having a hard time dealing, you know?” Bree asked uneasily. “That’s understandable. How are you coping?” he asked, reaching out and touching her arm. Gianni shifted in her arms and looked down at Colin’s hand. “It’s taking some getting used to. Let’s just say it’s a bit of a relief to take a break for a little while. I’m more worried about the kids though and this is affecting them so I’m hoping to get in to see Dr. Graham. She was a big help to Will a while back.” “Oh, yeah. I hear great things about her. You know she doesn’t just work with kids, right?” Bree narrowed her eyes but smiled in amusement. “Is that a hint?” “Not a very subtle one, I know. Hey Gianni, how you doing, huh? Wow, you’re sure getting big,” Colin remarked. “He sure is. He’s almost standing all by himself now, aren’t you, Gianni? You wanna show Colin?” Bree asked. “Nooo,” Gianni insisted, burying his face in Bree’s neck. “Oh, speaking of Mr. Cranky Pants, huh? He didn’t get a lot of sleep last night.” Gianni lifted his head and then looked down, and it was then that Bree noticed Colin still had his hand on her arm. “Dat,” Gianni said. Bree cleared her throat and took a step back, not wanting to make the movement seem like she was uncomfortable with Colin touching her.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|A man who loves others based solely on how they make him feel, or what they do for him, is really not loving others at all - but loving only himself.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Fools do not acknowledge God,the proud reject Him,the wise embrace Him,and the righteous worship Him.
Cecilia Llompart, The Wingless|If Springtime crawls out of thewild mouths of flowers, thensurely, Winter crawls out of mine.
Claire Scovell LaZebnik|Pray for intestinal fortitude, work hard, and keep the faith. Oh, and pray for good luck, you're gonna need it.
Tom Clempson, One Seriously Messed-Up Week in the Otherwise Mundane and Uneventful Life of Jack Samsonite|Hi!'The chirpy little voice greeted me with such energised enthusiasm it made me jump nearly a foot out of my seat. I turned around, expecting to see the usual cocky little Bezzer-in-training Tyler, who every once in a while enjoys pissing off as many people on the bus as possible, but to my surprise it was the scruffy little quiet Year 7 who sits at the front of the bus with his big orange hair bouncing around.'Hello,' I replied dubiously. (You can't assume that a kid isn't intending to give you grief just because he has ginger hair, not these days. What is the world coming to?)
Eudora Welty, The Collected Stories|It was late afternoon. This time tomorrow he would be somewhere on a good graveled road, driving his car past things that happened to people, quicker than their happening.("Death of a Traveling Salesman")
Abhijit Naskar|There is no such thing as reincarnation, but only similar incarnation.
Mensah Oteh|Until you develop the courage to pursue that dream in your heart, you will never reach your true potential.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|There is a very fine line (almost transparent), between cordiality and hypocrisy--knowing to distinguish them is a gift of Gods.
Terry Wogan|If you like a man and he likes you, you should get married as fast as you can. Otherwise, you both are going to change your minds. There's plenty of time for that after marriage.
Gerald Hausman, The American Storybag|Lena, listen to me, okay? We don't have much more time here. You are in love. I've never seen anything like this before. You have to be brave, okay? You have to go and tell Kostos how you feel. I swear to God if you don't, you will regret it for the rest of your cowardly life.''What if he doesn't like me back?''That's what I mean about being brave.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|Revised regulations will never suppress federal workplace retaliation; nor will it cure the inaction of an EEOC official when justice demands fair, prompt and judicious decision-making.
Debasish Mridha|Never forget the power of love, but always forget the love of power.
Deb Caletti|Man's rise or fall, success or failure, happiness or unhappiness depends on his attitude ... a man's attitude will create the situation he imagines.
Emilie Richards, Endless Chain|The practice which obtains amongst the Americans of fixing the standard of their judgment in themselves alone, leads them to other habits of mind. As they perceive that they succeed in resolving without assistance all the little difficulties which their practical life presents, they readily conclude that everything in the world may be explained, and that nothing in it transcends the limits of the understanding. Thus they fall to denying what they cannot comprehend; which leaves them but little faith for whatever is extraordinary, and an almost insurmountable distaste for whatever is supernatural.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Life is calmness with squabbling, accumulating traditions and self-consciousness. elaborate meals, medicine, law,pretty pictures unspoiled,rocking the cradle and holding the hammer, impressive skies of gray and blue, believing in what we can’t settle, the mystery of iniquity,the absolutely sincere predictions of fools,lighter moods like these.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|I don't want a man around, what use are they except for ten seconds' worth of half babies
Lionel Messi|Very early in life, it seemed to me that there was a relationship between the problems of the Negro people in America and the Jewish people in Russia, and that the Jewish people's problems were worse than ours.
Ivan Turgenev|We’re young, we’re not monsters, no fools: we’ll conquer happiness for ourselves.
Laura Kreitzer, Fallen Legion|He was gorgeous. Every feature on his face perfect, dark and inviting. The boy could be his own photo shoot." Kasey Reese - Men of the Cave
Apostle Louisa Henry|I have learnt that the best time for one to shout victory is in the middle of the war, it gives much more courage to go forward and conquer, it motivates you, it causes you to set your face towards the dangers ahead while having your heart, mind, soul and spirit on victory
Quentin Tarantino|The people who run Hollywood are supposed to be masters at creating drama, suspense, thrills - at putting on a great show. If we knew not only who the winners were but also by how much they won, the Oscar show could actually be the Super Bowl of movies.
Kealan Patrick Burke, KIN|Deep inside her (ih her harrowed soul) she felt a glowing ember of fury at the man responsible for this. Tha man who had put her in this position. She looked at the pistol lying beside the basin, and knew that if he were here, she would use it on him without a moment's hesitation. Knowing that made her feel confused about herself. It also made her feel a little stronger.
Lawrence Bixby|If you must push yourself beyond your limits, push yourself hard enough for success.
Daya Kudari|For their menstrual cycle, women subconsciously want to punish men.
Patsie Smith, Awaken Our Spirit Within: A Journey of Self-Realization and Transformation|We do not see things as they are, nor do we even see them as we are, but only as we believe our story to have been.
Kele Moon, Finding Eden|If he didn't get his cookie, then Harte would reacquaint himself with his hand.
Oscar Wilde|And after the second year was over, the Soul said to the young Fisherman at night-time, and as he sat in the wattled house alone, "Lo! now I have tempted thee with evil, and I have tempted thee with good, and thy love is stronger than I am. Wherefore will I tempt thee no longer, but I pray thee to suffer me to enter thy heart, that I may be with thee even as before.""Surely thou mayest enter," said the young Fisherman, "for in the days when with no heart thou didst go through the world thou must have suffered.""Alas!" cried his Soul, "I can find no place of entrance, so compassed about with love is this heart of thine.
Nancy Gibbs|If one of the arguments against eating meat is to do with cruelty and animal intelligence, then lab meat avoids that. There's also the environmental argument for it.
Mohammed Sekouty|Only number 1 is unique, rest is just numbers,fight to be no.1
John Burroughs, Studies in Nature and Literature|Do not despise your own place and hour. Every place is under the stars, every place is the center of the world.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|You endure what is unbearable, and you bear it. That is all.
Gerald Morris, The Savage Damsel and the Dwarf|When a man's bank balance becomes too small, his woman flees. For a man to do the same, his woman's body — or vagina — has to do the opposite.
Frithjof Schuon, Understanding Islam|When people want to be rid of Heaven it is logical to start by creating an atmosphere in which spiritual things appear out of place; in order to be able to declare successfully that God is unreal they have to construct around man a false reality, a reality that is inevitably inhuman because only the inhuman can exclude God. What is involved is a falsification of the imagination and so its destruction.
C.J. Cherryh, Fortress of Eagles|He could be distracted, still, by beauty, by the wonder of a stroke of sunlight. Perhaps at such times he made himself open to wizardry-or conversely, was as warded and safe at such moments as Ynefel at its strongest. Perhaps threats simply slid past his attention and he made himself immune.
Douglas Adams, Mostly Harmless|Why, how much did you tip him?'Ford named a figure again.'I don't know how much it is,' said Arthur. 'What's it worth in pounds sterling? What could it buy you?''It would probably buy you, roughly... er...' Ford screwed his eyes up as he did some calculations in his head. 'Switzerland,' he said at last.
Pella Grace|I’ll be as loving as you will be, as stubborn as I know you are, as passionate as I’m thankful you are and as supportive and understanding as I’ve known you to be. You are my best friend and I love you
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|A child falls many times in attempt to walk. But never quit trying and eventually, the child is able to walk.
Christopher Hitchens|Faith is the surrender of the mind, it's the surrender of reason, it's the surrender of the only thing that makes us different from other animals. It's our need to believe and to surrender our skepticism and our reason, our yearning to discard that and put all our trust or faith in someone or something, that is the sinister thing to me. ... Out of all the virtues, all the supposed virtues, faith must be the most overrated
Lena Dunham|I have thought the difference might be that my Mary knows she will live forever, that she will step from the living into another life as easily as she slips from sleep to wakefulness. She knows this with her whole body, so completely that she does not think of it any more than she thinks to breathe. Thus she has time to sleep, time to rest, time to cease to exist for a little.
Gwen Stefani|Junko: That sort of thing happens all the time. You get drunk on your own "correctness," and the more stubborn you get, the further happiness flies away from you. It's a bitter pill to swallow.Madoka: I wonder if there's any way I can help...Junko: Even good advice from others won't bring any clear solutions to someone in that frame of mind. ...Even so, you want to find a solution? Then go ahead and screw up. If she's being too correct, then somebody should make mistakes for her.Madoka: I should screw up...?Junko: Yep! Tell a really bad lie. Run away in the face of something scary. She may not understand what you're trying to do at first, but there are times when you realize in hindsight that a mistake was the right thing to do... During those times when you're just stuck for an answer, making a mistake is one method of unsticking yourself. Madoka, you've grown up to be a good kid. You don't tell lies, and you don't do bad things. You're a girl who works hard at what she thinks is right. You get an "A" as a child. So before you become an adult, you have to start practicing falling down. You see, we adults have our pride and responsibilities, so it becomes harder and harder to make mistakes.
Lisa Daily, Single-Minded: A Novel|You know that feeling when you’re suddenly startled out of a deep sleep, and you’re in that hazy middle world where you’re not sure what’s real—like maybe you actually could be chasing after an ice cream truck wearing only fishing waders and a canary yellow bridesmaid’s dress, or you’re just one answer away from winning a year’s supply of adult diapers on a Japanese game show?—SINGLE-MINDED
Arthur Gordon, A Touch of Wonder|Aw, Poke, you poor, kind, decent, stupid girl. You saved me and I let you down.
Epicurus|If you wish to make Pythocles rich, do not add to his store of money, but subtract from his desires.
Jed Diamond, Stress Relief for Men: How to Use the Revolutionary Tools of Energy Healing to Live Well|Many of us have been burned by love and vowed to keep ourselves safe and not get pulled in again. But, inevitably, we do. Then we vow that this time, it's going to be different. This time, we're not going to make the same mistakes. And things seem wonderful--for a while. But more often than not, the same problems come up over and over.
Michael Moorcock, The Knight of the Swords|The totally alive, totally conscious, and totally aware Universe takes care of itself completely. It is totally self- reliant and totally self- sufficient. It is perfect.
Jeremy Camp, I Still Believe|When you wake up to kingdom realities, you find that you are tracing the steps of both the Israelites and Jesus himself into the wilderness. . . . The wilderness is the place where God meets his people, Satan attacks, and kingdom allegiances are revealed. [Ed Welch, Running Scared, 118]
Clive Barker|Outside the cinema I had not yet learned to live, but within it I had most certainly learned to die. I could die for you in every way known to man, and in a few ways known only to scriptwriters. I could see now that provided that I remained fit, the future held many more deaths yet. I could only hope that they would serve some purpose, and that perhaps a reputation may come in the same way as a coral formation, which is made up of a deposit of countless tiny corpses.
Victoria Schwab, The Near Witch|With no filter, he said, "I thought it would have been softer. It was kinda salty...
Nadège Richards, Burning Bridges|Mitch---""All right, baby, I'll shut you up."Then he did, his head slanting and his lips taking mine in a repeat performance of the open-mouthed, knock my socks off, rock my world, best kiss in the history of all time.
Thomas Sowell|The fact that so many successful politicians are such shameless liars is not only a reflection on them, it is also a reflection on us. When the people want the impossible, only liars can satisfy.
Cheryl Tiegs|Back then I didn't think a woman like that, or a relationship like that, could exist with complete freedom and no jealousy or possessiveness. I thought it sounded too good to be true and I was certainly convinced it wasn't the life for me!
Robin Hobb, Fool's Errand|I stilled. I was sure I'd imagined that all too familiar voice, but there he was. His bright blue eyes saying far more than his words ever could. His iris' held pain and anger and my shame increased tenfold. How foolish I was to think what I'd done would matter to him, or how his reaction would mean so much to me.
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?|It’s not about you. The purpose of your life is far greater than your own personal fulfillment, your peace of mind, or even your happiness. It's far greater than your family, your career, or even your wildest dreams and ambitions. If you want to know why you were placed on this planet, you must begin with God. You were born by his purpose and for his purpose.
Jeremiah Burroughs|The search for contentment is, therefore, not merely a self-preserving and self-benefiting act, but also a generous gift to the world. Clearing out all your misery gets you out of the way. You cease being an obstacle, not only to yourself but to anyone else. Only then are you free to serve and enjoy other people.
Carre Otis|No single man can be taken as a model for a perfect figure, for no man lives on earth who is endowed with the whole of beauty.
Truth Devour, Wantin|The heart knows not of distance, space nor time. It meshes to the fabric of its desire & follows on an immeasurable continuum.
Shawn Keenan, The Intern's Tale|It sounds like you aren't used to having something so powerful between your legs," Abbey said. "Maybe you should let me drive.
Lewis Howes|The bipolar world of the Cold War is history. The new world order, however, is not the One World dreamed of by Wilsonian idealists. It is a Balkanizing world where race, tribe, culture and creed matter most, and democracy is seen not as an end in itself but as a means to an end - the accretion of power by one's own kind to achieve one's own dreams.
Henry Miller, The Air-Conditioned Nightmare|They talk about big skies in the western United States, and they may indeed have them, but you have never seen such lofty clouds, such towering anvils, as in Iowa in July.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The Lord God is my hope, my joy and my strength.
John William Tuohy, No Time to Say Goodbye: A Memoir of a Life in Foster Care.|I am here because I worked too hard and too long not to be here. But although I told the university that I would walk across the stage to take my diploma, I won’t. At age fifty-seven, I’m too damned old, and I’d look ridiculous in this crowd. From where I’m standing in the back of the hall, I can see that I am at least two decades older than most of the parents of these kids in their black caps and gowns. So I’ll graduate with this class, but I won’t walk across the stage and collect my diploma with them; I’ll have the school send it to my house. I only want to hear my name called. I’ll imagine what the rest would have been like. When you’ve had a life like mine, you learn to do that, to imagine the good things. The ceremony is about to begin. It’s a warm June day and a hallway of glass doors leading to the parking lot are open, the dignitaries march onto the stage, a janitor slams the doors shut, one after the other.  That banging sound.  It’s Christmas Day 1961 and three Waterbury cops are throwing their bulk against our sorely overmatched front door. They are wearing their long woolen blue coats and white gloves and they swear at the cold.  They’ve finally come for us, in the dead of night, to take us away, just as our mother said they would.
RaeAnne Thayne, Dancing in the Moonlight|With every single fiber of her soul, she wanted to be With every single fiber of her soul, she wanted to be
William Shakespeare, Othello|We don't do well with infinity and endless possibility, and so we break things down into individual units and into stories. And then we accidentally believe in those stories, and we accidentally start acting them out. Stories about what love is, what happiness is. What men are, what women are. Unable to shape our own stories about the madness that surrounds us, we get infected with other people's stories, trying to ignore the discomfort that comes with an imperfect fit.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Believe this, “the higher you go, the further you see” and also “the further you see the clearer you hear; “the clearer you hear, the wiser you become”!
Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband|Indeed, as a rule, everybody turns out to be somebody else.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Spiritual Girl's Guide to Dating: Your Enlightened Path to Love, Sex, & Soul Mates|If it is considered speaking knowledgeably about malaria by having spent a few weeks traveling into malaria endemic zones and fallen sick from being infected with it, then what is it considered by having lived in the very same malaria endemic zones for years without being infected by it?
Cindee Snider Re, Discovering Hope: Beginning the Journey Toward Hope in Chronic Illness|What if illness - the stripping away of our health, our dreams, our understanding of who we are and what our future holds - is really  a gift  - God offering Himself to us unencumbered by all the noise, all the things that clutter our hearts and so easily fill our days? Because what if that quiet, stripped-away space is where  hope  is found? Where God leans in close whispering love to our weary souls until it becomes as familiar as the beating of our own hearts?
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|How can it be that I’ve never seen that lofty sky before? Oh, how happy I am to have found it at last. Yes! It’s all vanity, it’s all an illusion, everything except that infinite sky. There is nothing, nothing – that’s all there is. But there isn’t even that. There’s nothing but stillness and peace. Thank God for that!
John Grisham, The Partner|Life on the run was filled with dreams, some at night during sleep, real dreams, and some when the mind was awake but drifting. Most were terrifying, the nightmares of the shadows growing bolder and larger. Others were pleasant wishes of a rosy future, free of the past. These were rare, Patrick had learned. Life on the run was life in the past. There was no closure
Horace|There are words and accents by which this grief can be assuaged, and the disease in a great measure removed.
Charles C. Mann|That's the new way - with computers, computers, computers. That's the way we can have the cell survive and get some new information in high resolution. We started about five years ago and, today, I think we have reached the target.
Gertrude Stein|I write for myself and strangers. The strangers, dear Readers, are an afterthought.
Richard J. Borden, Ecology and Experience: Reflections from a Human Ecological Perspective|I’m only human, she told herself. There’s not enough room in my heart for everyone.
Stephen Fry, The Liar|The enormity of this started to sink in and I all but collapsed back into my chair. This, here, was life. This was life beginning for us: weddings and families and deciding to step up and be a man for someone. It wasn't about the fucking jobs we had or the random thrills we sought or any of that. Life was built from the bricks of these connections and milestone and moments where you tell your two best friends that you're about to have a child.
John Zea|SUICIDE... Is to have the freedom to choose, when, where and how to die.
Lauren Myracle, The Infinite Moment of Us|RYLAN!"The yell comes out of nowhere and nearly gives me a heart attack. Tearing my eyes away, I watch as Babette comes crashing through the undergrowth. With no regard that I might be severely injured, she bounds over and grabs me in a bear hug."Rylan! Oh my God, Rylan," Babette whimpers. She gently rocks me like I'm five years old again. There are some more footsteps, and Aidan and Nadia soon appear. Relief fills both their faces, with Nadia crying happily on Aidan's shoulder.Just as I think she's going to crush me, Babette finally pulls back, her face shiny with tears. "Rylan, I thought I'd lost you. I thought I was never going to see you again. I—"I hold up a hand. "Babette, it's okay. I'm alive. Not perfect, but I'm alive." I gesture to my leg."Holy crap!" the twins say together, staring at my leg in horror and disgust. It only takes one glance for Nadia to really start sobbing. "Nadia! Nadia...don't cry," I murmur in an attempt to comfort her. Since she's such a happy person most of the time it hurts to see her like this. "It'll heal up. It's fine.""B-but it-it's horrible! You near-nearly drowned an-and now you're hurt!" Aidan pulls her into an awkward hug, trying to calm her down.
Kahlil Gibran|Some of you say, 'Joy is greater thar sorrow,' and others say, 'Nay, sorrow is the greater.'But I say unto you, they are inseparable.Together they come, and when one sits, alone with you at your board, remember that the other is asleep upon your bed.
William Saroyan, The Bicycle Rider In Beverly Hills|I do not know what makes a writer, but it probably isn't happiness.
David Bowie|No one can find inner peace except by working, not in a self- centered way, but for the whole human family.
Karl Hess|Set men up to rule their fellow-men, to treat them as mere soulless material with which they may deal as they please, and the consequence is that you sweep away every moral landmark and turn this world into a place of selfish striving, hopeless confusion, trickery and violence, a mere scrambling ground for the strongest or the most cunning or the most numerous.
Phil Cooke|Ferbin’s father had had the same robustly pragmatic view of religion as he’d had of everything else. In his opinion, only the very poor and downtrodden really needed religion, to make their laborious lives more bearable. People craved self-importance; they longed to be told they mattered as individuals, not just as part of a mass of people or some historical process. They needed the reassurance that while their life might be hard, bitter and thankless, some reward would be theirs after death. Happily for the governing class, a well-formed faith also kept people from seeking their recompense in the here and now, through riot, insurrection or revolution.
Arcilia Mankoai Mothae, The Metamorphosis|Jihadis! Please go to your imaginary heaven - out there, nowhere. Us, the infidel lot, have helluva lot to do after you leave. Out here.
Aldis Hodge|I think it's important to approach a house in a way that's reflective of the original environment. Maybe I'm a sentimentalist, but I think that certain geographies call out for certain architecture. I like residences that reflect their place.
Colleen Ferrary Bader|When I was 15, a well off man told me the secret to success was golf. It took me until I became 30 to realize it was the true. Today, you couldn't convince me otherwise.
Hannah Senesh, Hannah Senesh: Her Life and Diary, the First Complete Edition|I could have been 23 next July I gambled on what mattered most, the dice were cast. I lost.
Anna Todd, After Ever Happy|I want him to look in the mirror and smile, not scowl. I need him to not think of himself as a monster. I need him to see the real him, because if he doesn’t pull himself out of the villain role, it will destroy him, and I’ll just be left with ashes. I just needed to get it all out because I feel like I’m drowning, and it’s hard to keep myself above water,especially when I’m fighting against the current to save him rather than myself.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Ever After|I don’t know how much more you can take.” He laughed. “You’re a witch. From a family of witches. My ex-wife is a witch. Apparently literally and figuratively. Plus my kid’s a witch. And I am probably some kind of animal shifter. All that, and I’m still upright and functioning. I don’t think there’s anything you could tell me that would break me at this point.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|…if divinity, which is the goddess, is intrinsic to her being, something she caries around with her all the time, something she is, then her status in general shifts. Then one would need to be vigilant, constantly maintaining an attitude of listening to her, as ordinary woman, which affords a shift in the normative discourse between the genders and that allows for a recognition of her as a subject, as a person to whom one should listen.
Diana Gabaldon|To see the years touch ye gives me joy", he whispered, "for it means that ye live.
Neil Gaiman, Preludes & Nocturnes|With his nose in my hair, he inhaled deeply before putting a light kiss on my cheek. “Have you come to play?” he asked then kissed me again. “No.” I cringed when he drew my earlobe into his mouth. “I came to help you. That’s all. I swear.” “I’d rather play.
Edgardo Osorio|When I sit down and design, it's shoes that always appear.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Water flows, but never changes. It's always H2O.
Wendy Owens, The Shield Prophecy|Your powers of observation are formidable," Michael says and Darien giggles behind one perfectly manicured hand, like some sort of preppie geisha.
Natalie Babbitt|Trees are sanctuaries. Whoever knows how to speak to them, who ever knows how to listen to them, can learn the truth. They do not preach learning and precepts, they preach, undeterred by particulars, the ancient law of life. A tree says: A kernel is hidden in me, a spark, a thought, I am life from eternal life. The attempt and the risk that the eternal mother took with me is unique, unique the form and veins of my skin, unique the smallest play of leaves in my branches and the smallest scar on my bark. I was made to form and reveal the eternal in my own smallest special detail. A tree says: My strength is trust. I know nothing about my father, I know nothing about the thousand children that every year spring out of me. I live out the secret of my seed to the very end, and care for nothing else. I trust that God is in me. I trust that my labor is holy. Out of this trust I live.
Pet Torres, Robbed Virginity|The effect of legalised prostitution on women outside prostitution is to lower the status of all women. Women are recognised by the state in this system as the appropriate objects of male penetration with no consideration for their personhood or pleasure. This teaches that the penetration and use of an unwilling woman is ‘sex’, an idea that lies at the root of sexual violence against women in general. There is no chance of developing a sexuality of equality in which women’s pleasure, right to say no, and bodily integrity are respected whilst the violence of prostitution is allowed to continue with state support for men’s behaviour.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox|When exploring London, you will come across lots of excitement by chance, so try to take everything in rather than just rushing around to all of the major tourist haunts.
Carl Bernstein, All the President's Men|It was 9:30 P.M., just an hour from deadline for the second edition. Woodward began typing:A $25,000 cashier's check, apparently earmarked for the campaign chest of President Nixon, was deposited in April in the bank account of Bernard L. Barker, one of the five men arrested at the break-in and alleged bugging attempt at Democratic National Committee headquarters here June 17.The last page of copy was passed to Sussman just at the deadline. Sussman set his pen and pipe down on his desk and turned to Woodward. 'We've never had a story like this,' he said. 'Just never.'-- Carl Bernstein, Bob Woodward
Sid Vicious|It's amazing to hear, as a voice matures and then starts to decline, what kind of emotion is still conveyed by a really good vocalist.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Why do I write? Out of fear. Out of fear that the memory of the people I write about might go lost. Out of fear that the memory of myself might get lost. Or even just to be shielded by a story, to slip inside a story and stop being recognizable, controllable, subject to blackmail.
Ross Macdonald|The walls were lined with books, many of them in foreign languages, like insulation against the immediate present.
Debasish Mridha|With the wings of love, flyin the imaginative and joyful blue sky.
Phil Volatile, White Wedding Lies, and Discontent: An American Love Story|Sometimes it took death for me to see life, don't live with regrets keep your head high. In a world filled with beauty I don't want to blink twice; soak up every moment because you can't stop time.
Rick Riordan|Hades raised an eyebrow. When he sat forward in his throne, shadowy faces appeared in the folds of his black robes, faces of torment,as if the garment was stitched of trapped souls from the Fields of Punishment, trying to get out. The ADHD part of me wondered, off-task, whether the rest of his clothes were made the same way. What horrible things would you have to do in your life to get woven into Hades' underwear?
Julia Angwin, Dragnet Nation: A Quest for Privacy, Security, and Freedom in a World of Relentless Surveillance|The app saved three minutes of my time. But in the process, it cut a neighborhood business out of the economic equation. And, in a way, I had cut off myself from the inconvenient, maddening, but all-too-necessary messiness of human interaction.
Pablo Neruda|Carnal apple, Woman filled, burning moon,dark smell of seaweed, crush of mud and light,what secret knowledge is clasped between your pillars?What primal night does Man touch with his senses?Ay, Love is a journey through waters and stars,through suffocating air, sharp tempests of grain:Love is a war of lightning,and two bodies ruined by a single sweetness.Kiss by kiss I cover your tiny infinity,your margins, your rivers, your diminutive villages,and a genital fire, transformed by delight,slips through the narrow channels of bloodto precipitate a nocturnal carnation,to be, and be nothing but light in the dark.
Jane Cousins, To Date A Disaster|She scrambled to her feet, uncaring that a stray knee and elbow had Erik wincing. “How can you be groaning about a simple knee to the groin when you’ve just been battered by flying furniture, candelabras and hit on the head by a pot plant that must weigh a ton or more?”“I’ll have you know there is nothing simple about my groin…” He shot her his predatory grin, the one he often reserved for her breasts. Run little girl, run far and run fast… take those tempting curves, enticing kissable lips and award winning breasts with you.
Chuck Palahniuk|Parents have this twisted belief that anyone under the age of about twenty simply can’t know what love is, like the age to love is assessed in the same way the law assesses the legal age to drink. They think that the ‘emotional growth’ of a teenager’s mind is too underdeveloped to understand love, to know if it’s ‘real’ or not.That's completely as
Adam Sisman|In our family histories, the frontier between fact and fiction is vague, especially in the record of events that took place before we were born, or when we were too young to record them accurately; there are few maps to these remote regions, and only the occasional sign to guide the explorer.
Leonard Cohen|Old folks have dreams and ambitions too, like everybody else. Don't sit on a couch someplace.
Joseph Campbell, The Hero's Journey: Joseph Campbell on His Life & Work|Mystics are not themselves. They do not existin selves. They move as they are moved,talk as words come, see with sightthat enters their eyes. I met a womanonce and asked her where love had led her.Fool, there's no destination to arrive at.Loved one and lover and love are infinite.
LeighLa Graham, Lessons in Saving a Girl|The time is always now to declare your freedom!"..."The Authority says that Anarchy is the devil. But I say that a man who's both an anarchist and a patriot has been ordained by God himself!
Walt Whitman, Song of Myself|The press of my foot to the earth springs a hundred affections,They scorn the best I can do to relate them.
Craig Groeschel, The Christian Atheist: Believing in God but Living As If He Doesn't Exist|No matter what I feel, I hold the assurance that God never leaves me.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The deeds of the light are goodness, righteousness and faithfulness
Patrick Rothfuss|If there's one thing I don't look for in a maid, it's discretion. Except with my own secrets, of course.
Richard Dawkins, The Blind Watchmaker: Why the Evidence of Evolution Reveals a Universe Without Design|As for the errors I make, the only punishment I acknowledge for having made them is my awareness of those errors, and having to live with it: there is, there should be, no heavier penalty on a person's soul, mind and heart.
Stephen Cosgrove, Hucklebug|What kind of knife is this?” Locke held a rounded buttering utensil up for Chains’ inspection. “It’s all wrong. You couldn’t kill anyone with this.”“Well, not very easily, I’ll grant you that, my boy.” Chains guided Locke in the placement of the butter knife and assorted small dishes and bowls. “But when the quality get together to dine, it’s impolite to knock anybody off with anything but poison. That thing is for scooping butter, not slicing windpipes.”“This is a lot of trouble to go to just to eat.”“Well, in Shades’ Hill you may be able to eat cold bacon and dirt pies off one another’s asses for all your old master cares. But now you’re a Gentleman Bastard, emphasis on the Gentleman. You’re going to learn how to eat like this, and how to serve people whoeat like this.
Noam Chomsky|Since Jimmy Carter, religious fundamentalists play a major role in elections. He was the first president who made a point of exhibiting himself as a born again Christian. That sparked a little light in the minds of political campaign managers: Pretend to be a religious fanatic and you can pick up a third of the vote right away. Nobody asked whether Lyndon Johnson went to church every day. Bill Clinton is probably about as religious as I am, meaning zero, but his managers made a point of making sure that every Sunday morning he was in the Baptist church singing hymns.
Isaac Newton|My sole ambition is to rid Mexico of the class that has oppressed her and given the people a chance to know what real liberty means. And if I could bring that about today by giving up my life, I would do it gladly.
Khaleda Zia|The only thing of weight that can be said against modern honor is that it is directly opposite to religion. The one bids you bear injuries with patience, the other tells you if you don't resent them, you are not fit to live.
Solange nicole, An Hour of Decadence|This daemon loves men whose marriage beds have grown cold, so she can set them ablaze.
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra|All kinds of beauty do not inspire love; there is a kind which only pleases the sight, but does not captivate the affections.
Alice Brown|Ruthie started to cry at Julia's use of the word "hate," though Ruthie knew it was true, accurate. For a long time now it had been easier just to hate her sister. Easier to try to define the relationship with that simple emotion than to live with the conflicting set of feelings Julia brought forth.
Mike Howarth-Baker|What was once was hell to me, and reflected back with negativity, now has become the tools of positivity, sharing my experiences helps others to understand and grow stronger.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Do not look back at the decision, look for the solution.
Mamur Mustapha|It is only when you lose your wings, you really learn to fly. Its when the sense of loss, becomes the driving force.
Thomas More|The history of our country has taught us, above all, the virtue of patience. It will be many generations before we can have the conditions we seek.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning|I was in a rock band; I was my own folk singer; I was in a death metal band for a very short time; I was in a cover band, a jazz band, a blues band. I was in a gospel choir.
Katherine McIntyre, Rising for Autumn|He’d fallen in the trap before of believing she had the cold soul of an ice queen, but moments like these, it seemed more like she’d been encased a long time ago and couldn’t break free.
Helena Christensen|You can be a pretty face, but if you're not a nice person, it just doesn't work. I'm not traditionally a beauty, but apparently people think I'm all right. If you're a nice person, it definitely helps.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Mindfulness may help you gain insight into your role in conflicts with others, it won’t single-highhandedly help you resolve them.
Sheikha Hissa Hamdan Al Maktoum|Freedom can be a state of mind, a path built independently, and with freedom comes responsibility.
Rob Liano|Our nation is ripe with a multitude of successful people, who have achieved much for themselves with little impact on anyone else
Mark Greif, Against Everything: Essays|The word antimicrobrial is a sales feature in soaps, skin lotions, cleaning supplies, food perspectives, plastics, and even fabrics. However, only about one hundred species of microbes are known to actually cause diseases in humans; the vast majority of the thousands of species that inhabit us do not cause any problems, and, in fact, seem to come with serious benefits.
John Malkovich|Well, I design costumes because I started with the theater in Chicago, but somehow a few lines just sort of fell to me to do it. And I studied it in school and I always liked it.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Psychology is the science of the intellects, characters and behavior of animals including man.
Tatjana Soli, The Lotus Eaters|When you take the small roads you see the life that goes on there, and this makes your own life larger.
Nisa Jolly|The only time I want someone's opinion is when I ask for it. Reason why I don't ask for anyone's opinion nowadays is because they are too afraid, they always cover the truth with a lie, which is something I hate tremendously. When I ask for your opinion; I want full brutal honesty, face on, outright! Not a lot of people can do that, which is sad, very sad indeed...
Henry Petroski|I emphasize that virtually every engineering calculation is ultimately a failure calculation, because without a failure criterion against which to measure the calculated result, it is a meaningless number.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|The house was safe again, although a little bit more untidy, but at least Vluffy didn’t have to worry about big nasty two headed roaches chasing him down the hall anymore.
Lloyd C. Douglas, The Robe|This was the desert, everything all at once, whether it was needed or not. What survived had learned to save, live carefully, and keep a low profile, even appear to be dead for long periods. Perseverance and patience.
Hillary Wen|I am a woman who’s passionate about life. Perhaps too full of passion for the majority of the world to understand. I lust for adventure and stories; I feel everything. I’m a lover and a fighter. I fight for what I love and I love what I fight for. I yearn for what is more than life, and I live beyond that yearning.
Alida Nugent, You Don't Have to Like Me: Essays on Growing Up, Speaking Out, and Finding Feminism|WANTING to be anything is the whole point of feminism. HAVING TO BE SOMETHING is what feminists fight against, or at least the ones I know.
Nenia Campbell, Cease and Desist|I wish I could hold you," she continued bitterly, "till we were both dead!
Blaise Pascal, Pensées|Lust is the source of all our actions, and humanity.
Christopher Paolini|There was a muffled pop, the sound of a small pumpkin exploding in a microwave oven.Morris cut the wheel to the left and there was another bump as the Biscayne went back into the parking area. He looked in the mirror and saw that Curtis's head was gone.Well, no. Not exactly. It was there, but all spread out. Mooshed. No loss of talent in that mess. Morrie thought.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|God is not here, Hannah said to herself; and made a small cross upon her breastbone, against her blasphemy.
Abhijit Tripathi|How Gloomy it is, to pause, to cease and to rust unburn, to get used and be indistinct. Like to live is to breathe.
Paul Taylor, Text-To-Speech Synthesis|I must confess to generally hating sections entitled “how to read this book” and soon. I feel that, if I bought it, I should be able to read it any way I damn well please!Nevertheless, I feel some guidelines may be useful.
Scott Hastie|To have been where you have beenAnd to still have joy,Dazzling in your heart,Now there’s a thing to make the whole world smile.
Osho, And The Flowers Showered Discourses On Zen|Don’t be an interpreter of reality, be a visionary. Don’t think about it, see it!
Jodi Balfour|My favorite books are the ones that make me smile for hours after reading them. I want that for my readers, for the sweetness to linger. Sort of like chocolate, but without the calories.
Sarah Kay|You've got Washington picking winners and losers. And so, all of a sudden, decisions are being made on what helps politicians, not what helps the economy. Some will call it socialism. Some will call it a command and control economy. Whatever it is, it's antithetical to the American experience.
Delano Johnson, Rare Images of Love|Ironically,” she commented, “this will be the first time I’ve ever done anything to please my father.” With a sympathetic murmur, Matthew gathered Daisy close against him. He knew her father as well as anyone, having become well acquainted with the man’s tempers, his self-absorption, his impossible standards. And yet he understood what it had required for Bowman to build a great fortune from scratch, the sacrifices he’d had to make. Bowman had discarded everything that would have gotten in the way of achieving his goals. Including closeness with his wife and children. For the first time it occurred to Matthew that Bowman and his family would benefit from someone acting as a mediator, to ease their communications with each other. If such a thing were in his power, he would find a way to do it. “You,” he whispered in Daisy’s hair, “are the best thing he’s ever done. Someday he’ll realize that.” He felt her smile against his skin. “I doubt it. But it’s nice of you to say so. You don’t have to be concerned on that account, you know. I reconciled myself to the way he was a long time ago.” Once again Matthew was taken unaware by the extent of the feelings she inspired in him, his own limitless desire to fill her with happiness. “Whatever you need,” he whispered, “Whatever you want, I’ll get it for you. Just tell me.” Daisy stretched comfortably, a pleasant shiver running through her limbs. She touched his lips with her fingers, tracing the smoothness. “I want to know what your five-dollar wish was for.” “Is that all?” He smiled beneath her exploring fingertips. “I wished you would find someone who wanted you as much as I did. But I knew it wouldn’t come true.” The candlelight slid over Daisy’s delicate features as she raised her head to look at him. “Why not?” “Because I knew no one could ever want you as much as I do.” Daisy levered herself farther over him until her hair tumbled in a dark curtain around them both. “What was your wish?” Matthew asked, combing his fingers through the fall of shimmering hair. “That I could find the right man to marry.” Her tender smile stopped his heart. “And then you appeared.
Dorothy Gravelle, Paradox Love|Fine. Fine. Let’s try. You asked why bad things happen to good people. Well, the simple answer is, there are no bad things and there are no good people. Nothing bad ever happens to anyone and people are neither good nor bad. A person is nothing. A person does not exist. There are no people.
Amit Kalantri|Knowledge was scattered treasure, education organized it into art, commerce and science.
Elon Musk|For small business people, less paperwork means higher profits, boosted sales and more time with the family.
Marilyn Ferguson|We simply can no longer afford to deny the full potential of one half of the population. The world needs to tap into the talent and wisdom of women. Whether the issue is food security, economic recovery, health, or peace and security, the participation of women is needed now more than ever.
Stanisław Lem, The Futurological Congress: From the Memoirs of Ijon Tichy|I feel at ease and, in an indefinable way, at home, when dolphins are around. I now know when they are nearby before they appear. I dream after they leave.
Alvar Aalto|You get one chance to do something about native title. You get perhaps one chance in your life to do something about a republic. You get one chance, your chance, to build a piece of the political architecture in the Pacific. I wasn't going to give those up.
Sheri S. Tepper, The Visitor|Not many years before the Happening, one of your country's largest religious bodies officially declared that their book was holier than their God, thus simultaneously and corporately breaking several commandments of their own religion, particularly the first one. Of course they liked the book better! It was full of magic and contradictions that they could quote to reinforce their bigoted and hateful opinions, as I well know, for I chose many parts of it from among the scrolls and epistles that were lying around in caves here and there. They're correct that a god picked out the material; they just have the wrong god doing it.(The small god in Ch. 44)
Nick Hornby, How to Be Good|Right now we're both yard sales of emotions. A penny for pain. A dime for bitterness. A quarter for grief. A dollar for silence. It binds us together, but I don't want him to pay the price for the parts of me that are used and broken.
Andy Stanley, It Came from Within!: The Shocking Truth of What Lurks in the Heart|In the shadow of my hurt, forgiveness feel like a decision to reward my enemy. But in the shadow of the cross, forgiveness is merely a gift from one undeserving soul to another.
Christina Engela, Blachart: Galaxii Series Book 1|Rejecting people for who and what they are will not make you a better, more 'righteous' or more 'moral' person - than the other person, or even in your own right - in fact, if that's why you're doing it, it is far more likely to do the opposite.
Chuck Palahniuk, Damned|How miserably hypocritical, you might say, but no sooner am I offered a chance to flee Hell than I yearn to stay. Few families hold their relations as closely as do prisons. Few marriages sustain the high level of passion that exists between criminals and those who seek to bring them to justice. It’s no wonder the Zodiac Killer flirted so relentlessly with the police. Or that Jack the Ripper courted and baited detectives with his - or her - coy letters. We all wish to be pursued. We all long to be desired.
Ria Destriana, We Quit Us|Then, all of a sudden, those pea-green lawns where the first scarlet poppies were flowering, those canary-yellow fields which striped the tawny hills sloping down to a sea full of azure glints, all seemed so trivial to me, so banal, so false, so much in contrast with Ayl's person, with Ayl's world, with Ayl's idea of beauty, that I realized her place could never have been out here. And I realized, with grief and fear, that I had remained out here, that I would never again be able to escape those gilded and silvered gleams, those little clouds that turned from pale blue to pink, those green leaves that yellowed every autumn, and that Ayl's perfect world was lost forever, so lost I couldn't even imagine it any more, and nothing was left that could remind me of it, even remotely, nothing except perhaps that cold wall of gray stone.
John Mayer, John Mayer: Battle Studies|Sure, it sucked to be lost, but I'd long ago realized I preferred it to depending on anyone else to get me where I needed to go. That was the thing about being alone, in theory or in principle. Whatever happened- good, bad, or anywhere in between- it was always, if nothing else, all your own.
Robert Kiyosaki|Racism has been for everyone like a horrible, tragic car crash, and we've all been heavily sedated from it. If we don't come into consciousness of this tragedy, there's going to be a violent awakening we don't want. The question is, can we wake up?
James Mattis|I learned early on that one of the secrets of campus leadership was the simplest thing of all: speak to people coming down the sidewalk before they speak to you. I would always look ahead and speak to the person coming toward me. If I knew them I would call them by name, but even if I didn't I would still speak to them.
Marsha M. Linehan, Cognitive-Behavioral Treatment of Borderline Personality Disorder|The desire to commit suicide, however, has at its base a belief that life cannot or will not improve. Although that may be the case in some instances, it is not true in all instances. Death, however, rules out hope in all instances. We do not have any data indicating that people who are dead lead better lives.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|Dammit, Gage. What the hell were you thinking?”“I wasn’t,” he shouts. “I was upset she wanted to stay, and I lost it.”Ethan scoffs. “Yeah, you did.”“I’m an idiot.”“Yeah, you are.”“Shut up.
Ellen Hopkins, Identical|That was the problem with love, though, wasn't it. It couldn't be helped, couldn't be controlled. It just roared in and took whatever it wanted, destroyed whatever it wanted; the most dangerous addiction of all, because nobody survived it intact. But an addiction that was impossible to let go.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Finding happiness should not be seen as finding a needle in a haystack. Happiness is within. Each day is a blessing that brings an abundance of happiness. Therefore, finding happiness should be like finding a gift in a stack of gifts.
Winifred Watson, Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day|When tended the right way, beauty multiplies.
Sunday Adelaja|I'd finally reached the end of myself, all my self-reliance and denial and pride unraveling into nothingness, leaving only a blank Alison-shaped space behind. It was finished. I was done.But just as I felt myself dissolving on the tide of my own self-condemnation, the dark waves receded, and I floated into a celestial calm.I saw the whole universe laid out before me, a vast shining machine of indescribable beauty and complexity. Its design was too intricate for me to understand, and I knew I could never begin to grasp more than the smallest idea of its purpose. But I sensed that every part of it, from quark to quasar, was unique and - in some mysterious way - signifi
Jules Verne|Religion, art, and science flourish best in a free society. True, freedom does not afford much opportunity for grand gestures. It has little room for martyrs. But life is not supposed to be about dying well. It is about living well.
Eleanor Roosevelt|Lest I keep my complacent way I must remember somewhere out there a person died for me today. As long as there must be war, I ask and I must answer was I worth dying for?
Roger Zelazny, Lord of Light|Dream: I look for  Lama Lodrö Kagyu  teacher friend  hearing he's ill & I'm ill, too -  I enter his room and he says "I've been trying to find you - I wanted you  to know illness is just phenomena
Laurel Clark|One of the things that we can say with confidence is that we will have much lighter, much stronger materials, and this will reduce the cost of air flight, and the cost of rockets.
Elisa Marie Hopkins, A Diamond in the Rough|Have you been listening to a word I’ve been saying? I don’t do games. I don’t do one-night stands. I don’t do affairs. Usually, when I meet a woman and take interest in her, I will be loyal to her, and only her. I expect the same. I don’t share well. I’m all for exclusiveness in everything I do, and own. I’m not afraid of commitment or hard work. You’re right; I’m not new to this. I’ve been in many relationships. This is good news, Sophie. It means I won’t waste your time. Rest assured, if I’m with you it’s because that’s exactly where I want to be. If ever I want out of a relationship, I leave. My commitment ends there. It’s simple enough and this is the only thing that makes sense to me.
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Flashes of Thought|Does running water stop when it reaches a rock? Of course not. It turns either left or right, and continues its way. Likewise, a positive person is confident that no challenge will stand in the way of achieving his or her goal.
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|He is a weapon, a killer. Do not forget it. You can use a spear as a walking stick, but that will not change its nature.
Sheri S. Tepper, The Family Tree|This book is about fighting back. The dominant culture -civilization- is killing the planet, and it is long past time for those of us who care about life on earth to begin taking the actions necessary to stop this culture from destroying every living thing.
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|It is well understood in psychology that the subconscious mind has the dominant influence on human decision making, and therefore the pivotal role of the subconscious, for you to achieve success, is inescapable.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Because," said a boy."Because why?" asked a young girl."Because I love you.
Steven Soderbergh|How are you going to make it move? It doesn't have a – " "Be very quiet," advised the duke, "for it goes without saying."And, sure enough, as soon as they were all quite still, it began to move quickly through the streets, and in a very short time they arrived at the royal palace.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|But the trick most folk are so awfully fond of learning, the absolute second they've got hold of a heart, is to pretend they don't have one at all. It is the very first danger of the hearted.
Tracy Brogan, My Kind of You|There are no bears on the island.”“Really, are you sure because I was hiking with my Dad and I’m sure I saw one? Either that or it was a humongous man-eating badger, with fangs. It might have been frothing at the mouth.”“Man-eating, huh? No problem then. I’m a girl.
Anne Campbell|You are the trip I did not take, you are the pearls I could not buy,you are my blue Italian lake, you are my piece of foreign sky.You are my Honolulu moon, you are the book I did not write,you are my heart's unuttered tune, you are a candle in my night.You are the flower beneath the snow, in my dark sky a bit of blue,answering disappointment's blow with "I am happy! I have you!
Susan C. Young|As a professional speaker, my facial expressions are essential for effectively telling stories, engaging audiences, fostering involvement, and connecting on a personal level. One day I decided to get Botox in my forehead to erase a few wrinkles and signs of aging. Much to my surprise and disappointment, I could no longer raise my eyebrows. My face was stuck in a heavy-browed expression, which is the polar-opposite of my joyful spirit and enthusiastic nature. It makes a funny story, but it taught me that authenticity wins over vanity any day!
Thomas Hughes, Tom Brown at Oxford|This work of making trade righteous, of Christianizing trade, looks like the very hardest the Gospel has ever had to take in hand—in England at any rate.
Sally Brampton, Shoot the Damn Dog: A Memoir of Depression|Everyone else has a work party,'Kate said. 'So why shouldn't we? We're working hard at not being mad.
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|Millions of beauties and splendors are waiting for you. You go on moving around and around, never entering into the temple of life. The door is the heart.
Neal M. Goldsmith, Psychedelic Healing: The Promise of Entheogens for Psychotherapy and Spiritual Development|Personality is a strategy devised by a child. Our true, original self lies under our personality, in the transpersonal ground of our being, at our core.
Tudor Chirilă, Exerciţii de echilibru|Dupa ce iti omori demonii, daca ai curajul sa o faci, e musai sa te intorci pe acelasi drum.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|The substance of grief is not imaginary. It's as real as rope or the absence of air, and like both those things it can kill.
Dale Carnegie|I've lost you, forever, so many times. And I'd do it all again.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|Like all of my friends, she's a lousy judge of character.
Mark O'Connell, To Be a Machine: Adventures Among Cyborgs, Utopians, Hackers, and the Futurists Solving the Modest Problem of Death|Sometimes I think I've figured out some order in the universe, but then I find myself in Florida, swamped by incongruity and paradox, and I have to start all over again.
Seanan McGuire, A Red-Rose Chain|They will never believe that an ordinary girl could do such an extraordinary thing,' Genevieve worried. 'What would I tell them? 'Tell them there is no such thing as an ordinary girl, said Bloom.
Michel Houllebecq|-For me, a democracy is when the population proposes laws, for example, a petition, which are adopted or vetoed by the population by referendum. Or it's not a democracy, nor even a parody. Europe's true vocation is to make democracy impossible and install a government of experts. -Europe bothers you?-I'm against it for the reasons I cited. Democracy is the future. Europe is a regression. Elected representatives means no more democracy. -We're pretty free in France.-You think?-I dunno.-I want there to be an insurrection. -In what?-Insurrection. Brussels is a good place for a civil war. Michel Houllebecq, "The Kidnapping of Michel Houellebecq" (2014)
Aaron Ciechanover|What use could the humanities be in a digital age? University students focusing on the humanities may end up, at least in their parents' nightmares, as dog-walkers for those majoring in computer science. But, for me, the humanities are not only relevant but also give us a toolbox to think seriously about ourselves and the world.
Mike McCaul|We are ramping up security in the United States but also looking at visa applicants, visa waiver applicants - and looking at travel manifests on the airplanes trying to come into the United States.
Dionna L. Hayden|If we want to see real change in our world, it begins with us all on an individual basis.
Shannon A. Thompson, Seconds Before Sunrise|His hands fell to my hips, and his fingers dug through my rain-drenched clothes.
Curtis Sittenfeld, American Wife|We have to make mistakes, it's how we learn compassion for others.
Robert Sarah, The Power of Silence: Against the Dictatorship of Noise|Christ is certainly distressed to see and to hear priests and bishops, who ought to be protecting the integrity of the teaching of the Gospel and of doctrine, multiply words and writings that weaken the rigor of the Gospel by their deliberately ambiguous, confused statements.
Kazuo Koike, Path of the Assassin, Vol. 3: Comparison of a Man|If you're getting chased by a lion, you don't need to run faster than the lion, just the people running with you. - Tim Ferris
Debasish Mridha|Be bold, be a success, and change the world.
Ursula K. Le Guin|We live well in the houses, well enough, but we are ruled utterly by fear. There was a time we sailed in ships between the stars. Now, we dare not go 100 miles from home. We keep a little knowledge and do nothing with it, but once we used that knowledge to weave the pattern of life like a tapestry across night and chaos. We enlarged the chances of life.
DaShanne Stokes|THE DECLARATION of the Rights of Man at the end of the eighteenth century was a turning point in history. It meant nothing more nor less than that from then on Man, and not God's command or the customs of history, should be the source of Law. Independent of the privileges which history had bestowed upon certain strata of society or certain nations, the declaration indicated man's emancipation from all tutelage and announced that he had now come of age.Beyond this, there was another implication of which the framers of the declaration were only half aware. The proclamation of human rights was also meant to be a much-needed protection in the new era where individuals were no longer secure in the estates to which they were born or sure of their equality before God as Christians. In other words, in the new secularized and emancipated society, men were no longer sure of these social and human rights which until then had been outside the political order and guaranteed not by government and constitution, but by social, spiritual, and religious forces. Therefore throughout the nineteenth century, the consensus of opinion was that human rights had to be invoked whenever individuals needed protection against the new sovereignty of the state and the new arbitrariness of society.
Gary Taubes, Good Calories, Bad Calories: Challenging the Conventional Wisdom on Diet, Weight Control, and Disease|we eat for our stomachs, but we hunger with our hearts.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|I have an immense appetite for solitude, like an infant for sleep, and if I don't get enough for this year, I shall cry all the next. 
Jung Chang, Wild Swans: Three Daughters of China|If you thing political correctness is no big deal, just remember that the communists started by eliminating inconvenient speech and ended by eliminating inconvenient people.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Keep trusting God, He will give you what you need
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I don't compete against other women. To uplift others means I'm never looking down on them. I applaud their strength, and I remind them that we never know how strong we are until we are tested. And this life will test you... But it's not a competition. I want us all to make it.
R.M. ArceJaeger|At the moment you think all is lost, the future remains.
Lynne Truss, Talk to the Hand: The Utter Bloody Rudeness of the World Today, or Six Good Reasons to Stay Home and Bolt the Door|Many aspects of our screen-bound lives are bad for our social skills simply because we get accustomed to controlling the information that comes in, managing our relationships electronically, deleting stuff that doesn't interest us. We edit the world; we select from menus; we pick and choose; our social 'group' focuses on us and disintegrates without us. This makes it rather confusing for us when we step outdoors and discover that other people's behaviour can't be deleted with a simple one-stroke command or dragged to the trash icon.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|In the sky, far above - Where my words - Written in the Clouds; I've borrowed from the sun, A gentle smile.
Sarah Hall, The Beautiful Indifference: Stories|In truth, she disliked books. She felt a peculiar disquiet when opening the pages. She had felt it since childhood. She did not know why. Something in the act itself, the immersion, the seclusion, was disturbing. Reading was an affirmation of being alone, of being separate, trapped. Books were like oubliettes. Her preference was for company, the tactile world, atoms.
Elizabeth Hernandez|When he grew old, Aristotle, who is not generally considered a tightrope dancer, liked to lose himself in the most labyrinthine and subtle of discourses […]. ‘The more solitary and isolated I become, the more I come to like stories,’ he said.
Homer, The Odyssey|Nothing wrong with believing good things will happen.And if it doesn't, there's always whiskey.
Robert Kennedy|I found strength in what hurt me. And in my family - that's my strength as well. I'm truly grateful to be hurt as many times as I have, because I'm happy!
Jessica Brody, Unremembered|Forgetting who you are is so much more complicated than simply forgetting your name. It's also forgetting your dreams. Your aspirations. What makes you happy. What you pray you'll never have to live without. It's meeting yourself for the first time, and not being sure of your first impression.
Erik Pevernagie|I don't think that you know who we are, but we know who you are!
Ashley Graham|I also need to honor myself for working so hard, and that means treating the money I earn with respect.
David Foster Wallace|Anybody gets to ask questions about any fiction-related issues she wants. No question about literature is stupid. You are forbidden to keep yourself from asking a question or making a comment because you fear it will sound obvious or unsophisticated or lame or stupid. Because critical reading and prose fiction are such hard, weird things to try to study, a stupid-seeming comment or question can end up being valuable or even profound. I am deadly-serious about creating a classroom environment where everyone feels free to ask or speak about anything she wishes. So any student who groans, smirks, mimes machines-gunning or onanism, chortles, eye-rolls, or in any way ridicules some other student's in-class question/comment will be warned once in private and on the second offense will be kicked out of class and flunked, no matter what week it is. If the offender is male, I am also apt to find him off-campus and beat him up.
Imania Margria|When people tell you that you aren't something or you can't accomplish your dreams, you can either cry about it or prove them wrong.
Francis Bacon|Books must follow sciences, and not sciences b
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|We are who we are, but we know who we are through our response to the changing world.
William Ellery Channing|I'll tell you one thing for sure: once you get to the point where you're actually doing things for truth's sake, then nobody can ever touch you again because you're harmonizing with a greater power.
Rick Perlstein, Nixonland: The Rise of a President and the Fracturing of America|Tricks ripped and you tripped, tricked yourself by falling slowly.I’m the winner in this game,unable to stoop to your level of shame.Unwilling to reply to your words of ache.
Christopher Daniel Mechling, Peter: The Untold True Story|...One cannot help but consider the future- what will it be like when all the wild places of the earth have been taken over by civilization, and there is no more room for Indians, Pirates, and Wild Boys?
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|His body is pressed against my back, his arm is wrapped protectively around my waist, his breath a delicious tickle against my neck. The room is very cold; it would be nice to climb under the covers, but I don’t want to move. I don’t want him to move. I run my fingers along his bare forearm, remembering the warmth of his lips, the silkiness of his hair between my fingers. The boy who never sleeps, sleeping. Coming to rest upon the Cassiopeian shore, an island in the middle of a sea of blood. You have your promise, and I have you.I can’t trust him. I have to trust him.I can’t stay with him. I can’t leave him behind.
David W. Earle|You did not invent these family habits. Your family is like mine, for thousands and thousands of years our families have embraced a dysfunctional lifestyle, passing these habits as gospel on to subsequent generations. This was not done out of malice, spite, or hate, but what they knew best. As ineffective as these habits are, you never stopped to consider another way of loving.
Quil Carter, The Ghost and the Darkness Volume 2|Have you ever considered that you shouldn't pray for God to deliver you from your enemies, rather deliver you from yourself so you can not hate them?
Adam DeVine|Whatever China I'd been born into, I would probably still have become a painter - I loved sketching portraits as a child, and began art classes at the age 7. But if China hadn't been under Maoist rule, I might never have become a writer.
Abraham Lincoln|Granddad offered me one hundred dollars if I would cut my mop of curly hair into a neat military style. Just before the wedding, I got a light trim. It wasn't enough for Granddad, and he didn't pay.
Martin Short|I had this child, and it destroyed my family.
Barry Lyga, Game|They ask me what is madness and I reply it is a gift.They ask me why, and I said:The world trough the eyes of normal people is boring, but look at it trough the eyes of the mad, then you will know why I enjoy my madness so much!
Lailah Gifty Akita|He who rules his spirit, shall conquer himself.
Brett Armstrong|Most people say, “Show, don’t tell,” but I stand by Show and Tell, because when writers put their work out into the world, they’re like kids bringing their broken unicorns and chewed-up teddy bears into class in the sad hope that someone else will love them as much as they do.
Laurell K. Hamilton, A Kiss of Shadows|If human help fails, God will never forsake thee.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders' major question is "why". If they lose, they ask "why". If they win, they ask "why". Their "whys" weave their wonders.
Judith McNaught, Someone to Watch Over Me|Sam Littleton was a beautiful woman who would try to play women's games. That meant that if he asked her if she was upset with him about something, she would do what women all do at such times: She would deny that anything was wrong, then continue acting as if something was wrong, in hopes that he would do what men always do at such times -beg for an explanation, agonise over the answer, ask for hints, and agonise a little more.
Gyan Nagpal|A huge number of jobs that are filled are never advertised to the public, or if they are, they’re filled by people who have a connection to the employer.
Karen Miller, Stealth|Everything happens for a reason. Everything. The good, the bad, the indifferent. They all have a purpose. Never forget who you are. Never forget what you serve. And no matter what happens, keep your face turned to the light.
Baruch Spinoza, Theological-Political Treatise|Every person should embrace those [dogmas] that he, being the best judge of himself, feels will do most to strengthen in him love of justice.
Israelmore Ayivor|One of the greatest source of danger in life is to find the right path and stand on it. If you find the right way, run on it, don't stand on it. Something may be coming from behind; it will surely crush you when you are static.
Charles Bukowski, Love Is a Dog from Hell|I know that some nightin some bedroomsoonmy fingers willriftthroughsoft cleanhairsongs such as no radioplaysall sadness, grinninginto flow.
Debbie Ford|Jesus said, 'Blessed are the peacemakers.' And I think a lot of people don't understand that there's a difference between a peace lover and a peacemaker. Everybody loves peace, but wearing jewelry around your neck and saying 'I love peace' doesn't bring it.
Tom Cotton|Every morning brings new potential, but if you dwell on the misfortunes of the day before, you tend to overlook tremendous opportunities.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|Why do I and everyone I love pick people who treat us like we're nothing"; - "We accept the love we think we deserve,
Lloyd Jones, Mister Pip|As we watched the soldiers and the Rambo disappear I remember feeling preternaturally calm. This is what deep, deep fear does to you. It turns you into a state of unfeeling.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Clinicians have told me that our emotional is arrested at the age that an eating disorder takes control of our lives. After we recover, we pick up emotionally where we left off at that age.
Kevin Young|Oh, it's no crime to want and need somebody to love and to be loved by and to go and do what you need to do to have that, but its certainly a pity when you want it so badly you'll let it be anybody.
Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man|Education is everywhere, prompting one to think, to consider, to remember.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|Fear! Fear again, for the first time since his 'teens. Fear, that he thought he would never know any more. Fear that no weapon, no jeopardy, no natural cataclysm, has ever been able to inspire until now. And now here it is running icily through him in the hot Chinese noon. Fear for the thing he loves, the only fear that can ever wholly cow the reckless and the brave. ("Jane Brown's Body")
Philip Pullman, The Golden Compass|i know how it makes you feel...peaceful, permanent, unbroken
Dan Kennedy|For me, I think it was a little easier to write thinking that nobody was listening.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|The first time he'd held her hand, it felt so good that it crowded out all the bad things. It felt better than anything had ever hurt.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Change does not surface when you are not ready to be the catalyst. Your reaction matters, not your inaction.
Tom Rachman|Maybe we're all ongoing stories, defined at various stages of life, or whenever people oblige us to declare ourselves. Fiction is marvelous for studying this, allowing the writer and reader to leap decades in a sentence. No other art lets you bend time as much.
P. J. O'Rourke|If men knew how women pass the time when they are alone, they'd never marry.
Rhonda Byrne, How The Secret Changed My Life: Real People. Real Stories.|Creation means that something new is created - which automatically replaces the old. You don't have to think about what you want to change; instead, think about what you want to create.
Simon Sinek|Market leadership can translate directly to higher revenue, higher profitability, greater capital velocity, and correspondingly stronger returns on invested capital.
Steven Aitchison|In a little town, there are many mouths which talk, and very few heads which think.
R.G. Risch|The universe is not a stagnant place where technology stands still and only the few govern its destiny. Rather, it is a multidimensional dynamic entity that interacts with all things, even the very smallest. And what part we each place in it and the effect we have on it is a matter of our own choice.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|I want to back up to this whole caring about me thing,” he said, surprising me as he made his way back to the canvas. “I know you care about me, Mallory.”My heart started beating fast as he shook the can.“I care about you.” He knelt halfway down. A second passed and he moved his arm, spraying on the canvas. “And I think this was missing something.”Having no idea what he was doing or where he was going with this, I waited until he rose and stepped back, to the side. My lips parted on a soft gasp. Rider had spray-painted a heart between our names. I saw it with my own
Gian Kumar|The saddest thing about death, whether it's our own or someone we care for, is when the world doesn't stop we do.
Hafsa Shah|When you care more if someone else lives than you do about yourself, is that what love is?
Susan B. Anthony|The true republic: men, their rights and nothing more: women, their rights and nothing less.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|The female brain is engineered to avoid conflicts at all cost, whereas the male brain pleasures conflicts in the purpose of being the boss.
Paula Heller Garland|I share my happiness and sorrowCos I know for once there will be no tomorrowIf I wish to live in your memoriesI too have to be there to share your worriesSpeak up to your friend, am just a call away
Gustave Flaubert|When I believe in Jesus, I am united to Christ. Therefore, what he did and achieved becomes mine by this union through faith alone. His righteous life is imputed to me. What Christ achieved is counted as mine.
Diyar Harraz, One Minute to Midnight|There were so many things we left unsaid. Depending on how you look at it, whether you think it was worth saying it out loud, or better kept inside.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|Denna is a wild thing," I explained. "Like a hind or a summer storm. If a storm blows down your house, or breaks a tree, you don't say the storm was mean. It was cruel. It acted according to its nature and something unfortunately was hurt. The same is true of Denna.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Humankind is an instinctive creature that is capable of feelings and rational thoughts, which accounts for why such a rich diversity exists amongst human nature. A person’s unique personality is simply a crystallization of particular aspects of human nature. Freedom of thought and expression ensures that no person replicates another person’s exact persona. Every person is a creature of predicable needs and impulses, infused with the poetry of multifaceted feelings, and ruled by a scientifically calculated instrument capable of precision of thought.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|O, beware, my lord, of jealousy;It is the green-ey'd monster, which doth mockThe meat it feeds on. That cuckold lives in bliss,Who, certain of his fate, loves not his wronger:But O, what damnèd minutes tells he o'erWho dotes, yet doubts, suspects, yet strongly loves!(Act 3, scene 3, 165–171)
Karina Szczurek, The Fifth Mrs Brink: A Memoir|A line from The Picture of Dorian Gray kept running through my head- a line which, I thought, might have been written by the Devil himself:"The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.Resist it, and your soul grows sick with longing for the things it has forbidden to itself.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|You’re smarter than you look,’ I say to Raffe.‘But not as smart as he thinks,’ says Howler.‘I can see discipline has broken down during your vacation,’ says Raffe.‘Yeah, it’s all that lounging on the beach with nothing to do but drink and watch women.
Ethan Day, At Piper's Point|When you screw someone's life, the least you can do is leave the person alone.
Atom Tate|Facts are relative to the knowledge man possesses at the present time. Truth however, is absolute and transcends the present, past, and future times. The relationship between Truth and Facts is that facts are not always the Truth, but Truth is always a Fact.
Ashly Lorenzana|How to get rid of ego as dictator and turn it into messenger and servant and scout, to be in your service, is the trick.
Kameron Hurley, The Geek Feminist Revolution|In graduate school, early on, I once overheard a classmate talking in her office as I walked by. She didn't know I was there. She was gossiping about me to a group of our classmates & said I was the affirmative-action student...Rationally, I know it was absurd, but hearing how she & maybe others saw me hurt real bad...I stopped joking about being a slacker. I tripled the number of projects I was involved with. I was excellent most of the time. I fell short some of the time. I made sure I got good grades. I made sure my comprehensive exams were solid. I wrote conference proposals & had them accepted. I published. I designed an overly ambitious research project for my dissertation that kind of made me want to die. No matter what I did, I heard that girl, that girl who had accomplished a fraction of a fraction of what I had, telling a group of our peers I was the one who did not deserve to be in our program.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.|And while the law of competition may be sometimes hard for the individual, it is best for the race, because it ensures the survival of the fittest in every department.
Mary Roach|It doesn't happen every day, but many nights my dreams are like a movie. I don't see normal movement - I see things in very complicated shots. That's why I do remember many of them.
Robert M. Drake|The more I learned the less I felt I knew you and I got lost counting stars, I fell dreaming. Sometimes I’d wander away. Maybe I wasn’t ready or maybe it was just a hard time to love. You always reminded me of home and I could never fathom the reasoning behind your smile. Perhaps one day, if we believe enough, we’ll find our way.
Joseph D'Lacey|When you embrace the darkness within, you will always live in the light.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Remember that a burst of enthusiasm usually accompanies a new idea and that the tendency is for you to hurry and tell someone. The mental energy generated by your idea is thereby dissipated in talk rather than in thought. After you talk about it for while, you grow tired. Your idea flows out through the mouth like a weak, shallow creek. The energy that would have developed the idea is released and the idea dies. Don't you talk to anybody about any idea until you have fully developed it!
Lenny Bruce|If Jesus had been killed twenty years ago, Catholic school children would be wearing little electric chairs around their necks instead of crosses.
Uma Thurman|I don't claim to know everything about parenting, but I do know parents do their children a disservice by constantly sugarcoating their shortcomings to protect their feelings.
Florence + the  Machine|For one entire day I let his kiss burn on my cheek and into my blood and I don't push the memory away... This kiss, these words, they feel like beginning.
David Levithan, Invisibility|The lonely, wistful revisionism of memories is as gratingly repetitive as snow and ice in Canada. I avoid them both at all costs - memories and Canada.
Zaha Hadid|The most valuable of all education is the ability to make yourself do the thing you have to do, when it has to be done, whether you like it or not.
Samantha Morton|I think 'Soul Food' had the biggest impact on me because that's where I was really able to shine as an actress and because I also met my husband there, and that was a huge turning point in my personal life. So, that show will stick with me forever and ever and ever.
Edward John Trelawny, Adventures of a Younger Son|She thought the jimster (Jack Daniels) would cure whatever was wrong with her- whatever made her feel like she was in a hall of mirrors, watching herself go through the motions of having a riotous good time
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|Every new encounter provides a new mirror for me to view my own experiences through, and there is a level of selfishness during this period as I hunger to understand more about the girls' lives in order to understand mine. If I could figure out what had happened to them, perhaps I had a better chance of explaining it all to myself.
Emma Donoghue|Children used to get bullied at school. Now they go home, and that's where the problem starts - because they sit on their phones all night, thinking about who's 'liked' a photo of them, who hates them, who loves them. They don't know what's real and what's not, editing their lives constantly to fit other people's views.
George Gordon Byron|The DreamLord ByronOur life is twofold; Sleep hath its own world,A boundary between the things misnamedDeath and existence: Sleep hath its own world,And a wide realm of wild reality,And dreams in their development have breath,And tears, and tortures, and the touch of joy;They leave a weight upon our waking thoughts,They take a weight from off waking toils,They do divide our being; they becomeA portion of ourselves as of our time,And look like heralds of eternity;They pass like spirits of the past -they speakLike sibyls of the future; they have power -The tyranny of pleasure and of pain;They make us what we were not -what they will,And shake us with the vision that's gone by,The dread of vanished shadows -Are they so?Is not the past all shadow? -What are they?Creations of the mind? -The mind can makeSubstances, and people planets of its ownWith beings brighter than have been, and giveA breath to forms which can outlive all flesh.I would recall a vision which I dreamedPerchance in sleep -for in itself a thought,A slumbering thought, is capable of years,And curdles a long life into one hour.----------Il sognoLord ByronDuplice è la nostra vita: il Sonno ha il suo proprio mondo,un confine tra le cose chiamate impropriamentemorte e esistenza: il Sonno ha il proprio mondo,e un vasto reame di sfrenata realtà;e nel loro svolgersi i sogni hanno respiro,e lacrime e tormenti e sfiorano la gioia;lasciano un peso sui nostri pensieri da svegli,tolgono un peso dalle nostre fatiche da svegli,dividono il nostro essere; diventanoparte di noi stessi e del nostro tempo,e sembrano gli araldi dell'eternità;passano come fantasmi del passato, parlanocome Sibille dell'avvenire; hanno potere -la tirannia del piacere e del dolore;ci rendono ciò che non fummo, secondo il loro volere,e ci scuotono con dissolte visioni,col terrore di svanite ombre. Ma sono veramente così?Non è forse tutto un'ombra il passato? Cosa sono?Creazioni della mente? La mente sa crearesostanza, e popolare pianeti, di sua fattura,di esseri più splendenti di quelli mai esistiti, e darerespiro e forma che sopravvivono alla carne.Vorrei richiamare una visione che ho sognatoforse nel sonno, poiché in sé un pensiero,un pensiero assopito, racchiude anni,e in un'ora condensa una lunga vita.
Scott F. Falkner|...at some point you need to stop looking out at others and start looking inward, at yourself, at your own accomplishments, at your own foibles, at your own successes and your own failures. It's only when you begin to look inward that you can begin to have an effect on those out there, the ones with the greedy eyes and outstretched hands.
William Faulkner, As I Lay Dying|I am the chosen of the Lord, for who He loveth, so doeth He chastiseth. But I be durn if He dont take some curious ways to show it, seems like.
Ted Turner|Religion has nothing to do with God. It's a fundamental attitude of human beings, who ask about the origins of life and what happens after death. For many, the answer is a personal god. In my opinion, it's religion that produces God, not the other way round.
Frans de Waal|To erase the possibility of empathy is to erase the possibility of understanding.To erase the possibility of empathy is also to erase the possibility of art. Theater, fiction, horror stories, love stories. This is what art does. Good or bad, it imagines the insides, the heart of the other, whether that heart is full of light or trapped in darkness.
Ramana Pemmaraju|The war was between the Danes and Wessex. My war was with Odda the Younger, and I knew I was driven by pride. The preachers tell us that pride is a great sin, but the preachers are wrong. Pride makes a man, it drives him. It’s the shield wall around his reputation and the Danes understood that. Men die they said, but reputation does not die. What do we look for in a lord? Strength, generosity, hardness, and success. And why should a man not be proud of those things? Show me a humble warrior and I’ll see a corpse. Alfred preached humility, he even pretended to it, loving to appear in church with bare feet and prostrating himself in-front the alter, but he never possessed true humility. He was proud, and men feared him because of it, and men should fear a lord. They should fear his displeasure and fear his generosity will cease. Reputation makes fear, and pride protects reputation, and I marched North because my pride was endangered.
Peggy Haymes, Strugglers, Stragglers and Seekers: daily devotions for the rest of us|God’s forgiveness doesn’t come cheaply, nor is it a ticket to do what we jolly well please because there’s a get out of jail free card at the end. Instead, it is the life-changing embrace of love that welcomes us when we’ve no reason to expect it. We cannot fail deeply enough for God to give us up.
Northrop Frye, Fearful Symmetry: A Study of William Blake|Every experience is seen through your mind's eye, so when you change your mind you change your entire world.
Jacques Yonnet, Paris Noir: The Secret History of a City|An historian is a kind detective in search of the fact — remote or otherwise - that brings to a set of events apparently unconnected with each other, the link that unites them, their justification, their logic.You cannot imagine what great delights this profession affords. It’s as if, in every incunablum, consumed by worms and steeped in boredom, in every inarticulate scrawl, in every collection of forgotten chronicles, there presides a mischievous sprite, winking at you, who at the appropriate time confers on you your reward in the form of renewed wonder.
Rea Lidde|I don’t want to see Bev get hurt. Not after all those years of shoveling Roger’s shit, and um…this is awkward. I’m just wondering—” “I’m keeping her,” Tom finally said with exasperation. John choked on his beer. “You’re keeping her?” “That’s what I said.” “Does she know you’re keeping her?” “Nope. Not yet. Keep it under your hat.” “No problem. Good luck.” “I don’t need any goddamned luck. I got daisies.
Christopher Moore, Sacré Bleu: A Comedy d'Art|Of course they won't bloody remember, they'll be dead.' Then she called him a name in a dead language that translated, roughly, to 'poop on a stick,' but sounded more succinct, like this: 'Of course they won't bloody remember, they'll be dead, Poopstick.
Denis Waitley|You must learn from your past mistakes, but not lean on your past successes.
Toni Morrison, Paradise|Adam was charming and spoke perfect French. Like many anglophones in Montréal, he actually spoke French better than we did. They knew exactly which verbs to use in the same way that people knew which utensils to use while eating at a fancy dinner. It was very proper because they learned it from books. They didn’t know slang or how to curse. They didn’t know how to do anything other than be proper and reserved. It was state-sponsored, dry-clean-only French.
James Davison Hunter, To Change the World: The Irony, Tragedy, and Possibility of Christianity in the Late Modern World|As the days went by, my frustration festered like an outhouse during a Jamaican summer.
Robinson Jeffers, Selected Poems|That public men publish falsehoodsIs nothing new. That America must accept Like the historical republics corruption and empire Has been known for years. Be angry at the sun for setting If these things anger you. Watch the wheel slope and tum. They are all bound on the wheel, these people, those warriors, This republic, Europe, Asia. Observe them gesticulating, Observe them going down. The gang serves lies, the passionate Man plays his part; the cold passion for truthHunts in no pack. You are not CatulIus, you know, To lampoon these crude sketches of Caesar. You are far From Dante’s feet, but even farther from his dirty Political hatredS. Let boys want pleasure, and menStruggle for power, and women perhaps for fame, And the servile to serve a Leader and the dupes to be duped. Yours is not theirs.
Kay Ryan|Not even waste/is inviolate./The day misspent,/the love misplaced,/has inside it/the seed of redemption./Nothing is exempt from resurrection.
Jesus Christ|Let men see, let them know, a real man, who lives as he was meant to live.
Walt Whitman|My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty. She's ninety-seven now, and we don't know where the hell she is.
Shunryu Suzuki, Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind: Informal Talks on Zen Meditation and Practice|In Buddha’s opinion, to train in staying open and curious—to train in dissolving our assumptions and beliefs—is the best use of our human lives.
Terry Moore, Rachel Rising, Volume 7: Dust to Dust|In all my lives, the only thing I've seen save people from themselves is hope. Hope beyond logic. Hope beyond what the eye can see. Filled with hope, the human spirit is an insatiable force of energy, transcending biology to embrace something eternal. Without hope, the spirit dies and nothing awaits but death.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|Clearly my stunning beauty has clouded your mind." - Rose Hathaway
Sai Marie Johnson|I don't switch much, don't really want many people to fuck me, because there's a whole code, unwritten but no less rigid than if it were chiseled in stone, about how Tops Must be, how Butches Must Be, and it does not include taking off one's pants. It does not include admitting to one's own desires, only quietly serving the desires of others. It certainly does not include taking a break once in a while to inhabit some other gender, role, or sensibility, even for half a delightful, sweaty hour, in the company of someone who feels like a mirror of me rather than a complementary piece I can fit myself against.
Alessandra Torre, Do Not Disturb|I stare across the table at Jeremy, and wonder if I will make it through our first date without trying to kill him.
Tom Hooper|I think English film is very embarrassed by patriotism, generally.
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|Well-meant techniques such as arbitrary self-mortification, are useless.
Chirag Tulsiani|The long years had taught him that everything worked itself out given enough time, and some things would always be the way fate wished them to be.
Hilaire Belloc|Let me put it thus: that from the height of Weissenstein I saw, as it were, my religion. I mean, humility, the fear of death, the terror of height and of distance, the glory of God, the infinite potentiality of reception whence springs that divine thirst of the soul; my aspiration also towards completion, and my confidence in the dual destiny.
Joe Thorn, Note to Self: The Discipline of Preaching to Yourself|All that we have and don't have is a grace. Even the awareness of grace is a grace in which we should give thanks."﻿
David Mitchell|Pretending”,' she looked at the garden, 'is not the truth.''But you said two true things, right ? One, you hate this girl. Two, you want her to feel better. If you decide that the wanting truth's more important than the hating truth, just tell her you've forgiven her, even if you haven't. At least she'd feel better. Maybe that'd make you feel better too.'Madame Crommelynck studied her hands, moodily, both sides. 'Sophistry', she pronounced. I'm not sure what 'sophistry' means so I kept shtum.
Victor Manuel Rivera, In Search of True Freedom|The dirtier your Bible, the cleaner your heart!
L M Bryski, Book of Birds|No matter how hard it is to see kid tears, grown-up tears are worse to watch.
Joel Robuchon|I think the biggest thing is clean as you go. Wash all your knives, cutting boards, dishes, when you are done cooking, not look at a sink full of dishes after you are done. Cleaning as you go helps keep away cross contamination and you avoid having food borne bacteria.
Alexis  Hall, Waiting for the Flood|I have a sort of . . . thing, I suppose, for certain words. They spark inside me, somehow, turning me to touchpaper, but I don't know what they are until someone says them.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|As we live out of such a mind, we become generous, with no sense of tolerance. We become patient, with no sense of putting up with anything. We become compassionate, with no sense of separation. And we become wise, with no sense of having to straighten anyone out.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow|For at least two thirds of our miseries spring from human stupidity, human malice and those great motivators and justifiers of malice and stupidity, idealism, dogmatism and proselytizing zeal on behalf of religious or political idols
Geoffrey Wood|Mathematics, which most of us see as the most factual of all sciences, constitutes the most colossal metaphor imaginable, and must be judged, aesthetically as well as intellectually in terms of the success of this metaphor.
Mark A. Cooper, Royal Decree|This is unacceptable! We’re English, damn it! We know how to build things where they shouldn't be! - Governor Dewar
Ed Markey|The DJ still has the relationship with the people, I believe. I don't know to call the DJ 'the ambassadors' or what, but we still are connecting the dots, getting the good stuff and passing it on to the people. DJs still have relevance, even with the technology that elevates the DJ beyond being a selector.
Murad S. Shah|There is no better satisfaction than to see your children make your dreams theirs, and achieve them on their terms.
Michelle Latiolais, Widow: Stories|For all her culture's attention to the physical, it seemingly has little to salve the creatural anguish of losing someone else's body, their touch, their heat, their oceanic heart...she doesn't want another body, she wants the body she loved, the forceps scar across his cheek that she traced with her hand, his penis, its elegant sweep to the side, the preternaturally soft skin. One wants what one has loved, not the idea of love.
Kyra Jackson|She taught me that the nighttime,Is when the stars tend to thrive.
Avril Lavigne|Never change yourself for the sake of someone , because at the day end no one owns your sacrifices and sufferings.
Janet Evanovich, Four to Score|I always wanted to eat with a Negro,” Grandma said.Yeah, well I always wanted to eat with a boney-assed old white woman,” Lula said. “So I guess this works out good.
Margaret Aranda|Did you know that many people can not "see" the Man in the Moon? Their eyes and brains cannot put together the "face:" the two eyes, the nose, and the mouth. It's not mentioned to belittle anyone. It is mentioned for awareness, and for scientific knowledge of the human brain. For in fact, the Man in the Moon most certainly sees us.
Mark Kac, Statistical Independence in Probability Analysis and Number Theory|It may be appropriate to quote a statement of Poincare, who said (partly in jest no doubt) that there must be something mysterious about the normal law since mathematicians think it is a law of nature whereas physicists are convinced that it is a mathematical theorem.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|I don't read books to finish them, I read to consume them.
Jeffrey Fry|Be bold in life. Seize the moment. There is no surrender, no retreat. There is only conquer or be conquered, victory or defeat. Anything less is to be forgotten to history.
Zaha Hadid|It was the drawing that led me to architecture, the search for light and astonishing forms.
T.S. Wieland|I had a few people ask me if I might one day write my own autobiography. I just told them, 'It's already being written; through my books.
Joseph Stiglitz|Our youth deserve the opportunity to complete their high school and college education, free of early parenthood. Their future children deserve the opportunity to grow up in financially and emotionally stable homes. Our communities benefit from healthy, productive, well-prepared young people.
Valerie Jarrett|Now that I've got some films under my belt, I have the courage of my convictions regarding acting. It gives me a leg to stand on.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Maybe the real miracle in any miracle is our ability to believe that despite our own depravity, in the eyes of God we are worthy of a miracle.
Raphael Zernoff|In my world, I believe in the great beauties, the highest of which, is love.
Mary-Jean Harris, Aizai the Forgotten|Although one may direct the future or past through the onerous linkages of temporal cause and effect, riding the breaking waves of the present and never once overstepping it, the better way is to go there and do it yourself.
Jackie Kennedy|When life is too easy for us, we must beware or we may not be ready to meet the blows which sooner or later come to everyone, rich or poor.
Nicholas M. Cuono Sr., This Is His House and These Are His Rules|I could only imagine how Jesus felt when He heard the voice of our Heavenly Father God Almighty for the first time. He was probably a little confused, terrified, and probably was nervous…
Susan Sontag|To me, literature is a calling, even a kind of salvation. It connects me with an enterprise that is over 2,000 years old. What do we have from the past? Art and thought. That’s what lasts. That’s what continues to feed people and give them an idea of something better.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|If you are someone who dislikes, condemns and rejects new ideas, you aren’t fit to lead.
R.L. Mathewson, Tall, Dark & Lonely|Out of the corner of my eye, I can see Felicity and Ann hunched over their ornaments as if they were fascinating relics from an archaeological dig. I note that their shoulders are trembling, and I realize that they are fighting laughter over my terrible plight. There's friendship for you.
Nina Ardianti, Restart|Because I want to be treated as equals, not sequels.
Tryon Edwards|Death is a release from the impressions of the senses, and from desires that make us their puppets, and from the vagaries of the mind, and from the hard service of the flesh.
Michelle Cuevas, Beyond the Laughing Sky|The fort.Where the pair stored their painted scenes and books of made-up languages, their two-man band, and the tiny matchbox bed plus accessories that they made in case, someday, their experiments in the world of shrinking finally panned out.
Charles Kohlhase|Rise early and seize each day, learn much and use this knowledge well, spend time with those you love, never abuse your pets, use logic to fight the irrational (for it is everywhere), defend the environment and its wildlife as a knight would protect King Arthur, meld mind and heart for greatest creativity, follow your dreams, and become all that you can be.
rassool jibraeel snyman|I don't mean to step on anyone's toes, and I don't mean to seem arrogant, but if you want to be foreverly remembered as anything great you have to live your life alone, hated, ignored, and character assassinated, and if you believe this to be true than you truely are a hater.
Ellen DeGeneres|Things will get easier, people's minds will change, and you should be alive to see it.
Paul A. Cohen, Discovering History in China: American Historical Writing on the Recent Chinese Past|Indebtedness among historians is a peculiar thing, however. We don’t simply, in mechanical fashion, inherit a body of knowledge, add something to it, and pass it on. We also question, test, and shake here and there the intellectual scaffolding surrounding our predecessors’ work, in the full, ironic knowledge that someone else is going to come along and give the scaffolding surrounding our own work a good shake, too, that no historian, in short, is ever permitted the final word.
Selena Gomez|As a young boy, I was taught in high school that hacking was cool.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|Becoming a woman felt a bit like becoming famous. For, from being benevolently generally ignored – the base-line existence of most children – a teenage girl is suddenly fascinating to others, and gets bombarded with questions: What size are you? Have you done it yet? Will you have sex with me? Have you got ID? Do you want to try a puff of this? Are you seeing anyone? Have you got protection? What’s your signature style? Can you walk in heels? Who are your heroes? Are you getting a Brazilian? What porn do you like? Do you want to get married? When are you going to have kids? Are you a feminist? Were you just flirting with that man? What do you want to do? WHO ARE YOU?All ridiculous questions to ask of a 13-year-old simply because she now needs a bra. They might as well have been asking my dog. I had absolutely no idea.
Zoe Sugg|I had a teacher at school who said, 'We are going to do a play next year, and you're in it.' He said, 'You should try out for the Royal Academy as an actor.' I did and got in. I was 17. My mum wasn't too happy, but it worked out OK.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|Freedom is a terrible gift, and the theory behind all dictatorships is that "the people" do no want freedom.
Dejan Stojanovic, Serbian Satire and Aphorisms|Within himself Jack had not the slightest doubt of victory, but it would never do to let this conviction take the form of even unspoken words; it must remain in the state of that inward glow which had inhabited him ever since the retaking of the Africaine, and which had now increased to fill the whole of his heart - a glow that he believed to be his most private secret, although in fact it was evident to everyone aboard from Stephen Maturin to the adenoidal third-class boy who closed the muster-book.
Lexi Blake, The Men with the Golden Cuffs|Today, it's possible to read both erotica and books written for children without fear of social castigation.
Nathaniel E. Quimada|Rain just rains, it does nothing else. Wisdom just rains, it does nothing else! And those who get the rain get the miracles hidden inside the rain and create their own miracles!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Encourage many,enlighten many,and you will empower many.
Julie Ann Walker, Thrill Ride|I thought you were more like GI Joe, but now that I know about the cape, you sound more like Superman." Mia Kensington to Colby Winters
E.M. Forster|Works of art, in my opinion, are the only objects in the material universe to possess internal order, and that is why, though I don't believe that only art matters, I do believe in Art for Art's sake.
Ray Kurzweil|Though intelligence is powerless to modify character, it is a dab hand at finding euphemisms for its weaknesses.
Genereux Philip|These Hoes Just Gon Fuck Who Ever Poppin , You Better Be Careful, When you fuck em' Raw!
Lisa Shearin, The Grendel Affair|I’ve been itching to kill a zombie lately. Can I take the lead on this one, dad?
William Deresiewicz, Excellent Sheep: The Miseducation of the American Elite and the Way to a Meaningful Life|We inherited a strong and flourishing country, and instead of making the investments - that is, the sacrifices - to maintain it, we chose to suck it dry and stick our children with the bill. If you want to see who is to blame for student debt, just look in the mirror. And if parents find themselves supporting kids beyond their college years, that is only, in the aggregate, a form of compensatory justice: the intergenerational transfer of wealth that should have been effected through taxation.
Mitt Romney|You can choose a future where more Americans have the chance to gain the skills they need to compete, no matter how old they are or how much money they have. Education was the gateway to opportunity for me. It was the gateway for Michelle. And now more than ever, it is the gateway to a middle-class life.
Samuel Colbran, Lake Merrin|I walk around engrossed in my stories and worlds, and I love losing myself in them!
Jennifer Lee Carrell, Interred with Their Bones|Right, then.” He pointed across to a bank of phones against the wall. “If you want to check your voice mail, now’s the time.”“Where’s my phone?”“Out of service.”“It was fine in the car.”“It’s not fine now.”“What’d you do to it?”“Put it out of our misery. I’m sorry, Kate. But every minute it’s on, you’re traceable to within the length of a football field, anywhere on the planet.
Derrick Rose|My life is good because I am not passive about it. I invest in what is real. Like real people, to do real things, for the real me.
Fumi Yoshinaga, Not Love But Delicious Foods|Y-naga: "That's the thing... It's like trying to find a guy who's a kid at heart but still a responsible adult, so he can be counted on when I find myself in a pinch, somebody who's a little wild at times but normally lets me have my way even when I'm being selfish and just says, "well, if you insist," a guy who's not too full of himself but understands what clothes suit his body type best..."S-hara: "What I'm saying is the pretty ones are stupid! The ones who have it all together are all so, so stubborn that they never do things my way!
Mark Batterson|And Seaman, just like a falling oak, manages to change direction.
Daniel Webster, Webster and Hayne's speeches in the United States Senate, on Mr. Foot's resolution of January 1830; also, Daniel Webster's speech in the United States Senate, March 7, 1850, on the slavery compromise.|Obviously these are some exceptional young people, but what they have in common is that they were ordinary people who cared. They wanted to act, to do something, to make life better for other people—and they have.
Laurell K. Hamilton, A Stroke of Midnight|No name-calling truly bites deep unless, in some dark part of us, we believe it. If we are confident enough then it is just noise.
Maggie Georgiana Young|As a woman, I’ve had to choose between ignoring the full effect of my carnal instincts and exploring them with a man who will abandon me. Both result in emotional isolation. It wasn’t until tapping into the forbidden grounds of the male anatomy that I realized that men are locked in their own prison. Their vulnerability frightens them as much as my confidence.
Brian Molko|I'll bet you a six-pack of Coors that pretty soon, people will be discovering Cretaceous parasites inside Cretaceous bones. The possibility of looking into epidemiology and pathology is pretty cool.
John Chrysostom|New York, I thought, was a city defined by its flaws. In every possible way, its virtues were overwhelmed by its vices, as Jekyll was by Hyde. Yet it was these very vices that gave the city its character - like tar in an oak barrel lending its flavor to Scotch.
Brother Andrew, God's Smuggler|The genocide [in Rwanda] was not a spontaneous eruption of tribal hatred, it was planned by people wanting to keep power. There was a long government-led hat campaign against the Tutsis.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I love it when you meet an angel on Earth and they have no idea that's what they are; a human angel, an angel covered in skin. They hare the best kinds of humans to know. As your eyes widen, as you evolve and your soul is receptive, you will encounter and recognize these angels on Earth more and more.
Mary Roach, Grunt: The Curious Science of Humans at War|What sort of person experimentally infests a child with maggots? A confident sort, certainly. A maverick. Someone comfortable with the unpretty facts of biology. Someone who is perhaps himself an unpretty fact of biology.
Charisse Montgomery, Home Care CEO: A Parent's Guide to Managing In-home Pediatric Nursing|Parenting goes beyond providing foods, shelter, clothing, and other basic necessities. Nurturing a child to travel in the direction of positive enlightenment, is arguably the greatest thing that you could do for a child.
Senator Mitchell|In America, disagreement with the policies of the government does not necessitate a lack of patriotism!
Ellie Goulding|In our home there was always prayer - aloud, proud and unapologetic.
Zoe Cruz, Beastia|There’s an innocence to her still that amazes me. Sometimes I forget she’s older than me. Then, I remember that she hasn’t gone through what I’ve gone through.
Julia Child|Well, right now, I'm very fascinated with 1920s Berlin. I mean, probably the more interesting thing would be to go to the beginning of civilization or precivilization - like polytheistic times. It would be interesting to see what came before modern religion and culture - what circumstances created the environment or the need for it.
Auliq Ice|I'd rather be the one making mistakes than the one laughing at someone making mistakes, for that laughing person is a wimp." ~ Denise Mansfield Bradberry.
Gertrude Stein|There are members - very, very close and dear members - of my family - I'm talking immediate family - who simply don't speak to me anymore and haven't done so for years. My marriage fell apart.
Aimee Bender, Willful Creatures|Listen. Look. Desire is a house. Desire needs closed space. Desire runs out of doors or windows, or slats or pinpricks, it can’t fit under the sky, too large. Close the doors. Close the windows. As soon as you laugh from nerves or make a joke or say something just to say something or get all involved with the bushes, then you blow open a window in your house of desire and it can’t heat up as well. Cold draft comes in.
Sarah Churchwell|We need to be discussing issues specifically to help the American people. And that would not include illegal aliens. These are people - I'm for immigration - legal immigration. I've been an immigration attorney. But people who have come to our country and violated laws, we should not be providing full health care services.
K.L. Tharp, For A Brother's Honor|Shouting didn't help. Kathy keyed her landing skids down and strangled the thruster grips onto full. A flagman on the ground dove sideways. The fighter whizzed past the man's prostrate body, her skids unfolding only feet above his head. She nearly beheaded three others as she scrambled to decrease power to her belly thrusters and fight spinning into a sideways slide. Suddenly a group of people came into view at the edge of the tarmac. “Oh shit!” She killed her belly thrusters completely.The skids hit the cement like a Boeing 747 with no tires. She slammed back into the seat. Metal screeched against cement. Everything shook like a jackhammer. The big Shimeron slued sideways then slammed her into her harness as it lurched to a halt. Every part of her including her hands shook. She took a deep breath and tried to calm her tremors enough to power down.“You did it, O’Donnell,” she said as the gyros whined down in a groan of sympathy. She removed her helmet and pushed back her flight suit hood only to have a pile of sopping wet sparkling hair flop out over her face. She swiped it away and released the canopy. A blast of cool ocean air filled the cockpit. Carefully, she peered over the side of the cockpit.Bodies lay strewn about on the ground. A few prostrate forms moved. Kathy sank down into the seat with a grimace. Great, you just killed your welcoming committee, you twit.
Bob Casey, Jr.|I always remembered that when I saw people get married they got on a rocketship and went to Planet Happiness, Population: Them.
Cherry MPIO|Tao simply means the ultimate principle that binds the whole existence together. Existence is not a chaos; that much is certain. It is a cosmos. There is immense order in it, intrinsic order in it, and the name of that order is Tao.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Most men, even in this comparatively free country, through mere ignorance and mistake, are so occupied with the factitious cares and superfluously coarse labors of life that its finer fruits cannot be plucked by them. Their fingers, from excessive toil, are too clumsy and tremble too much for that. Actually, the laboring man has not leisure for a true integrity day by day; he cannot afford to sustain the manliest relations to men; his honor would be depreciated in the market. He has no time to be anything but a machine.
Alanea Alder, My Commander|Hello little one. Did you know you're on private property?""Really? I had no idea." Meryn fudged. He raised an eyebrow. "The ten foot fence right behind you didn't give it away?
Christopher Zzenn Loren, Unspirituality: Permission to Be Human|Our religious systems have taught us to “train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it.” (Proverbs 22:6) I couldn’t disagree more. How about, “feed a child what it needs, so when it gets grows up, it will “be” its own unique unpredictably creative self.
Meghan Markle|It was the late '70s when my parents met. My dad was a lighting director for a soap opera, and my mom was a temp at the studio. They moved into a house in The Valley in L.A., to a neighborhood that was leafy and affordable.
Elizabeth Holmes|It's okay to talk about birth, okay - then menstruation. I first started my advocacy for women's health in the field of reproductive freedom, and the next stage would be bringing menopause out of the closet.
Ray Bradbury|As for reading, I wish I had a magic door to a library where I could go in, read for days and days, and come back in the same minute I left. I'm still looking for the door.
T. B. Joshua|I want a permanent relationship, and I might feel inclined to reject anything which of its nature could not be permanent.
Lenore Harper, Bear in Mine|The sudden growl that went through the air had both of us stopping in our tracks. "Did you just growl at me?" How dare him growl because I wanted to take a bath in the lake. Okay, I didn't want to take a bath in the lake but if I did it was none of his business!
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|Understand that you and you alone create your own opportunities, whether they come to you in the form of a lottery ticket, or a promotion, you brought that into your life.
Mervyn Peake, Gormenghast|Safety is largely an illusion, and panic knows this.
Ashly Lorenzana|For it falls outThat what we have we prize not to the worthWhiles we enjoy it, but being lacked and lost,Why, then we rack the value, then we findThe virtue that possession would not show usWhile it was ours.
Lidiya K., This Moment|There’s a void inside most people.It’s been created by not being contented with who we are, not being happy with what we have, not being present and looking for something more, better, more exciting out there.And we’ve always been trying to fill this void with something external.
Robert Greene|Half of your mastery of power comes from what you do NOT do, what you do not ALLOW yourself to get dragged into.
Juliet Blackwell|In fact, people who posses not magic at all can instill their home-cooked meals with love and security and health, transforming ingredients and bringing disparate people together as family and friends. There's a reason that when opening one's home to guests, the first thing you do is offer food and drink. Cooking is a kind of everyday magic.
Rudolf Steiner|We all know the personal relationship between Michel Platini and President Blatter. It was like a mentor and protege, or even father and son.
Stephen Levine, A Year to Live: How to Live This Year as If It Were Your Last|If there is a single definition of healing it is to enter with mercy and awareness those pains, mental and physical, from which we have withdrawn in judgment and dismay. (48)
N.K. Jemisin, The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms|In a child's eyes, a mother is a goddess. She can be glorious or terrible, benevolent or filled with wrath, but she commands love either way. I am convinced that this is the greatest power in the universe.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|I've never felt a connection like this with anyone else... I don't even know how to explain it. I feel like I already knew you before I met you, and the first time I saw you, the first time I talked to you, was incidental, because the connection was already there --.
U.R. Ananthamurthy ಯು. ಆರ್. ಅನ೦ತಮೂರ್ತಿ, Bhava|Leibniz combines Aristotelian teleology in the notion that the nature of a thing provides for its unfolding in a certain fashion with the modern idea that the nature of a thing is within it. Because the forms are internal in the way that they are not with Aristotle, the harmony of the world has to be pre-established by God.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.
Alison Miller, Healing the Unimaginable: Treating Ritual Abuse and Mind Control|I do not mean, of course, that we can always accurately express our conscious thoughts with Proustian accuracy. Consciousness overflows language: we perceive vastly more than we can describe.
Lois Greiman, One Hot Mess|When in doubt, shoot 1st and ask questions later, but avoid the head, "because they'rea lot more likely to answer if they're not dead.
Ray Bradbury|We must rip the foundations out from under all the bastions of human reasoning that say, "I don't need God!" We must demolish every non-God story of life. We must pulverize every God-is-not-good life narrative.
Zongtrul Losang Tsöndru, Chöd in the Ganden Tradition: The Oral Instructions of Kyabje Zong Rinpoche|Aware of the suffering caused by unmindful speech and failure to listen, I am committed to cultivating loving speech and compassionate listening to relieve suffering and promote reconciliation and peace in myself and among other people, ethnic and religious groups, and nations. Knowing that words can create happiness or suffering, I am committed to speaking truthfully using words that inspire confidence, joy, and hope. I am determined not to speak when anger manifests in me. I will practice mindful breathing and walking to recognize and look deeply into my anger. I know that the roots of anger can be found in my wrong perceptions and lack of understanding of the suffering in myself and the other person. I will speak and listen in such a way as to help myself and the other person to transform suffering and see the way out of difficult situations. I am determined not to spread news that I do not know to be certain and not to utter words that can cause division or discord. I will practice diligently with joy and skillfulness so as to nourish my capacity for understanding, love, and inclusiveness, gradually transforming the anger, violence, and fear that lie deep in my consciousness.
Abhijit Naskar, Rowdy Buddha: The First Sapiens|Two kinds of selfish people: the unwise and the wise. Unwise selfish people think only of themselves, and the result is confusion and pain. Wise selfish people know that the best thing they can do for themselves is to be there for others. As a result, they experience joy.
M.K. South|What is wrong about me loving you, anyway? You make me better. You make me feel special. You make me feel like I can do anything.
Jack Addington|Your mind is your kingdom, and there you are ruler
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want to know how fortunate you are, visit three places: the slum, the hospital, and the cemetery.
Lisa Randall|One of the strangest features of string theory is that it requires more than the three spatial dimensions that we see directly in the world around us. That sounds like science fiction, but it is an indisputable outcome of the mathematics of string theory.
Gabrielle Zevin, The Storied Life of A.J. Fikry|Someday, you may think of marrying. Pick someone who thinks you're the only person in the room.
Albert Camus, The Fall|Regret drives us to repentance, and repentance leads us to God.
Rihanna|Whatever your situation might be, set your mind to whatever you want to do and put a good attitude in it, and I believe that you can succeed. You are not going to get anywhere just sitting on your butt and moping around.
Álvaro de Campos|and the idea of nothingness — the most terrifying of all ideas, when thought of with feeling — has, in my dear master’s work and in my memories of him, something as high and luminous as sunlight upon snowy, unscalable peaks.
Evinda Lepins, Back to Single|To focus energy on the less important things in life, hinder creating a solution to solve those problems that are of the most importance.
Sharon Jones|I'm the person who will go to a wedding and switch the place cards around because I don't want to sit next to someone I don't know, because I'm so bad at chatting to strangers.
David Baldacci, Day of Doom|Love of God," he said slowly, searching for words, "is not alwaysthe same as love of good, I wish it were that simple. We know whatis good, it is written in the Commandments. But God is notcontained only in the Commandments, you know; they are only aninfinitesimal part of Him. A man may abide by the Commandmentsand be far from God.
Saptarshi Majumder|So seek beauty, Miss Prim. Seek it in silence, in tranquillity; seek it in the middle of the night and at dawn. Pause to close doors while you seek it, and don't be surprised if it doesn't reside in museums or in palaces. Don't be surprised if, in the end, you find beauty to be not in Something but Someone.
Gary Gygax|When you make a commitment to a relationship, you invest your attention and energy in it more profoundly because you now experience ownership of that relationship.
T. H. Huxley|The known is finite, the unknown is infinite; intellectually we stand on an islet in the midst of an illimitable ocean of inexplicability. Our business in every generation is to claim a little more land.
Sunday Adelaja|Whether your transformation happens through trauma, surprise, or intention, the process begins because of a growing need for change.
Agatha Christie, The Complete Tommy And Tuppence|When I was very young, before I could read, I remember being very interested in comic books.
Stephanie Ayers|Character is defined by what you do when no one is looking, but the visible can shatter any perfect impression.
Irene Ziegler|As that great philosopher, Mary Poppins, once said, 'A spoonful of sugar makes the feminism go down.
Yana Toboso, Black Butler, Vol. 1|He is nothing more than one of my pawns. However, he is not a normal pawn. He is a pawn that can get across the whole board in one move.
Simon R. Green, Ghost of a Chance|Love is for the living, for people who have a stake in the future.
Tara Estacaan|Queen and huntress, chaste and fair,Now the sun is laid to sleep,Seated in thy silver chair,State in wonted manner keep:Hesperus entreats thy light,Goddess excellently bright.Earth, let not thy envious shadeDare itself to interpose,Cynthia's shining orb was madeHeaven to clear when day did close:Bless us then with wished sight,Goddess excellently bright.Lay thy bow of pearl apart,And thy crystal-shining quiver,Give unto the flying hartSpace to breath, how short soever:Thou that mak'st a day of night-Goddess excellently bright.
Randa Abdel-Fattah|That, as my cousin Nord would say, is where my improvised lie falls apart.
Monish Bhalla|If you don't earn, you learn.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|The knowledge that the atoms that comprise life on earth - the atoms that make up the human body, are traceable to the crucibles that cooked light elements into heavy elements in their core under extreme temperatures and pressures. These stars- the high mass ones among them- went unstable in their later years- they collapsed and then exploded- scattering their enriched guts across the galaxy- guts made of carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, and all the fundamental ingredients of life itself. These ingredients become part of gas clouds that condense, collapse, form the next generation of solar systems- stars with orbiting planets. And those planets now have the ingredients for life itself. So that when I look up at the night sky, and I know that yes we are part of this universe, we are in this universe, but perhaps more important than both of those facts is that the universe is in us. When I reflect on that fact, I look up- many people feel small, cause their small and the universe is big. But I feel big because my atoms came from those stars.
Thomas Perez|Issues such as transparency often boil down to which side of - pick a number - 40 you're on. Under 40, and transparency is generally considered a good thing for society. Over 40, and one generally chooses privacy over transparency. On every side of this issue, hypocrisy abounds.
Joss Whedon|As we all know, blinking lights means science.
Fergie|Prominence is cool, but when the delusion kicks in it can be a drag. Especially if you choose to surround yourself with friends and not acolytes.
M.R. Mathias, The Sword and the Dragon|It can be exhausting eating a meal cooked by a man. With a woman, it's, Ho hum, pass the beans. A guy, you have to act like he just built the Taj Mahal.
Peter Lake, Foundations of Higher Education Law and Policy|Nothing is easy,” and, with respect to legal work, that was absolutely true.
Alanis Morissette|If someone wants to marry you outside the temple, whom will you strive to please - God or a mortal? If you insist on a temple marriage, you will be pleasing the Lord and blessing the other party.
Lorrie Moore, Birds of America|Through college she had been a feminist—basically: she shaved her legs, but just not often enough, she liked to say.
Amen Muffler|You might plan how to sleep but you can't plan how you wake up. He who plans how to sleep is a Planer, he who plans how to wake up is a Dreamer.
Donald Hall|After a couple of years of public high school, I went to Exeter - an insane conglomeration of adolescent males in the wilderness, all of whom claimed to hate poetry.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America Volume 2|What was true of an ancient community of Christian believers struggling with a powerful and appealing philosophy is also true for Christians in a postmodern context. Arguments that deconstruct the regimes of truth at work in the late modern culture of global capitalism are indispensable. So also is a deeper understanding of the counterideological force of the biblical tradition. But such arguments are no guarantee that the biblical metanarrative will not be co-opted for ideological purposes of violent exclusion, nor do arguments prove the truth of the gospel. Only the nonideological, embracing, forgiving and shalom-filled life of a dynamic Christian community formed by the story of Jesus will prove the gospel to be true and render the idolatrous alternatives fundamentally implausible.
Debasish Mridha|If a nation blames other nations for its problems, most likely that nation will always be having problems.
Rene Denfeld, The Child Finder|It seemed to him that the little Manchu had never looked so radiant. She gave him a most charming smile, but her eyes were all for the boy.
Andrew Griffin, Crisis, Issues and Reputation Management: A Handbook for PR and Communications Professionals|For individuals and organizations alike, a reputation is far easier to destroy than it is to build.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|With the touch of wisdom, comes the end of fears.
Fritz Leiber, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|Your cunning has proved to be that of Cain. I grant you power over the Hellmouth. May Samael take my revenge." The thing said with a bitter look and a voice that seemed to be many.
Lailah Gifty Akita|A child today, an adult tomorrow.
Alexandre Dumas fils, La Dame aux Camélias|I gave myself to you sooner than I ever did to any man, I swear to you; and do you know why? Because when you saw me spitting blood you took my hand; because you wept; because you are the only human being who has ever pitied me. I am going to say a mad thing to you: I once had a little dog who looked at me with a sad look when I coughed; that is the only creature I ever loved. When he died I cried more than when my mother died. It is true that for twelve years of her life she used to beat me. Well, I loved you all at once, as much as my dog. If men knew what they can have for a tear, they would be better loved and we should be less ruinous to them.
Voltaire|It is clear that the individual who persecutes a man, his brother, because he is not of the same opinion, is a monster.
Anthony Fauci|I think something very simple that everybody can do is they can participate in medical research as subjects. Personal genome project, for example, will take on as many subjects as we can find.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|The importance of healthy habits and hygiene for making a positive first impression should go without saying; however, I would be remiss if I did not include this topic in the book, because surprisingly, many people just don’t get it.
Brooke Stonex|Your life is your story, so make choices that will write it the way you want it to be written
Sumanth Gopinath, The Ringtone Dialectic: Economy and Cultural Form|One of the truly bizarre things about our current cultural situation is that the leading figures of the scientific establishment seem genuinely amazed that the citizens do not accept finch-beak variation as proof of the claim that humans, like all animals and plants, are accidental products of a purposeless universe in which only material processes have operated from the beginning.
Chuck Palahniuk, Pygmy|We criticize Americans for not being able either to analyse or conceptualize. But this is a wrong-headed critique. It is we who imagine that everything culminates in transcendence, and that nothing exists which has not been conceptualized. Not only do they care little for such a view, but their perspective is the very opposite: it is not conceptualizing reality, but realizing concepts and materializing ideas, that interests them. The ideas of the religion and enlightened morality of the eighteenth century certainly, but also dreams, scientific values, and sexual perversions. Materializing freedom, but also the unconscious. Our phantasies around space and fiction, but also our phantasies of sincerity and virtue, or our mad dreams of technicity. Everything that has been dreamt on this side of the Atlantic has a chance of being realized on the other. They build the real out of ideas. We transform the real into ideas, or into ideology.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God’s love did not begin at the cross. It began in eternity before the world was established, before the time clock of civilization began to move.
Amber Belldene, Blood Entangled|No—I’ve got it,” Jill announced, interrupting my musing. “He’s a vampire.” I laughed again, feeling there was no end to the outrageous, ridiculous excuses we were coming up with. “Seriously, it makes sense. He’s always tired and pale, and keeps himself away from people so he won’t bite them....Maybe that’s what he’s doing when he disappears. Getting his fix of blood.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|When 'happiness' eludes us - as, eventually, it always will - we have the invitation to examine our programmed responses and to exercise our power to choose again.
Deb Caletti, The Nature of Jade|It was one of those times you feel a sense of loss, even though you didn't have something in the first place. I guess that's what disappointment is- a sense of loss for something you never had.
Shannon Hale, Enna Burning|And Isi always listened, never told Enna she had been foolish, never said hollow things like 'You'll be all right.' . . . Isi saw Enna's struggle and her sadness, and she understood.
David Foster Wallace|An ad that pretends to be art is -- at absolute best -- like somebody who smiles warmly at you only because he wants something from you. This is dishonest, but what's sinister is the cumulative effect that such dishonesty has on us: since it offers a perfect facsimile or simulacrum of goodwill without goodwill's real spirit, it messes with our heads and eventually starts upping our defenses even in cases of genuine smiles and real art and true goodwill. It makes us feel confused and lonely and impotent and angry and scared. It causes despair.
C.G. Jung|If you think along the lines of Nature then you think properly." from the video "Carl Jung speaks about death
Grant Smuts, Where The Gods Lie Dreaming|The nightmare they banished – a thing of darkness and misery, born of their fears, bloated on their hatreds. They did not – could not – understand it's true essence: the mark of a divinity, broken and scattered among them. Much like the souls of men.
Friedrich Nietzsche|The more thinking minds, the less sinking world!
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|This was a few weeks ago," Annabeth said. "Percy told me a crazy story about meeting a boy our near Moriches Bay. Apparently this kid used hieroglyphs to cast spells. He helped Percy battle a crocodile mons
B.A. Rhea, Eternal Night|By the time your training is complete, you'll come on command my defiant queen.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Long ago, I stopped buying- let alone reading, books that talk about organizational success but fail to emphasize the importance of TRUST
Oli Anderson, Personal Revolutions: A Short Course in Realness|Every boss, if you are forgetting, is another human being made of bones and flesh and likes it when his ego gets stroked.
Greg Kinnear|Our ability to find humor in the world, to make connections between previously unconnected notions, to create new ideas, to share in a common culture: All these essentially human acts depend on memory.
Courtney Allison Moulton, Angelfire|Tereza's mother never stopped reminding her that being a mother meant sacrificing everything. Her words had the ring of truth, backed as they were by the experience of a woman who had lost everything because of her child. Tereza would listen and believe that being a mother was the highest value in life and that being a mother was a great sacrifice. If a mother was Sacrifice personified, then a daughter was Guilt, with no possibility of redress.
Anne Brontë|When we lay together, she showed me her soul, and I showed her mine, and they were the same. As you can imagine, mine was battered and bruised, tarnished like ancient metal. She scrubbed it clean. I cannot deny my own soul any more than I can deny she held it in her hands for a time.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Essays in the Art of Writing|These (Shakespeare, Milton, and Victor Hugo) not only knit and knot the logical texture of the style with all the dexterity and strength of prose; they not only fill up the pattern of the verse with infinite variety and sober wit; but they give us, besides, a rare and special pleasure, by the art, comparable to that of counterpoint, with which they follow at the same time, and now contrast, and now combine, the double pattern of the texture and the verse.  Here the sounding line concludes; a little further on, the well-knit sentence; and yet a little further, and both will reach their solution on the same ringing syllable.  The best that can be offered by the best writer of prose is to show us the development of the idea and the stylistic pattern proceed hand in hand, sometimes by an obvious and triumphant effort, sometimes with a great air of ease and nature.  The writer of verse, by virtue of conquering another difficulty, delights us with a new series of triumphs.  He follows three purposes where his rival followed only two; and the change is of precisely the same nature as that from melody to harmony.-ON SOME TECHNICAL ELEMENTS OF STYLE IN LITERATURE
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Voldemort is playing a very clever game. Declaring himself might have provoked open rebellion. Remaining masked has created confusion, uncertainty, and fear.
Nolan Liebert, An Alphabet of Embers|The older a person grows, Harriet, the more important it is that their manners should not be bad; the more glaring and disgusting any loudness, or coarseness, or awkwardness becomes. What is passable in youth is detestable in later age.
Paul Dano|The crest and crowning of all good, Life's final star, is brotherhood.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|I have a dream my life would be. So different from this hell I'm living. So different now from what it seem. Now life has killed the dream I dreamed."*Fantine
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|They suffer, of course... but then they live, they live a real life, not a fantastic one, for suffering is life. Without suffering what would be the pleasure of it?
Elizabeth Bard, Lunch in Paris: A Love Story, with Recipes|For the record, I'm not an indecisive person, and I'm not a coward. I just have a very detailed imaginary life, and it sometimes takes precedence over what's actually happening around me.
Leslie W.P. Garland, The Golden Tup|Or is it that slow paced evil creeps in when it espies and envies happiness, and then takes a deliberate foul delight in spoiling it?
Dennis Lehane, Moonlight Mile|There's a Drunk Midget in My HouseAh, babies! They're more than just adorable little creatures on whom you can blame your farts. Like most people who have had one baby, I am an expert on everythiing and will tell you, unsolicited, how to raise your kid!
Huntley Fitzpatrick, My Life Next Door|First your parents, they give you your life, but then they try to give you their life.
Tony Dungy|I needed to do my current job well, keep preparing, and wait on God’s timing. I needed to trust His leadership rather than try to force an outcome I wanted.
Jill Badonsky|We must be willing to fall flat on our faces. Fearlessly putting ourselves out there is simply a required part of the process. At the very least, it results in the gift of humility and, at best, the triumph of our human spirit.
Khaled Hosseini|She remembered Nana saying once that each snowflake was a sigh heaved by an aggrieved woman somewhere in the world. That all the sighs drifted up into the sky, gathered into clouds, then broke silently on the people below- As a reminder of how women like us suffer, she'd said. How quietly we endure all that falls upon us
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, Divided & Conquered|When a man cheats, it is said it is because he is a dog. When a woman cheats, it is said it is because her man is a dog.
William Shakespeare, The Sonnets and A Lover's Complaint|No. Not really red,but the color of a rose when it bleeds.
C. JoyBell C.|‎"You shouldn't feel so bad about being afraid of so many things." "Why not?" "Because if you weren't afraid never ever, then you couldn't be brave never ever.
Jim Ryun|But our society does not grant nontraditional forms of intelligence equal recognition, no matter how much it would help us get along or truly enrich our lives.
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupāda, Perfect Questions Perfect Answers: The Power of Mantra Meditation|...only a fool would believe in miracles because - let us say you are a child and an adult lifts this table. That's a miracle. Or you're a chemist and you combine acid and base and you make smoke, an explosion or whatever. To somebody ignorant, that's a miracle. But for everything there is a process, and so when you see a miracle, it's just ignorance of the process. So that only a fool would believe in miracles...
Wagner Moura|Abortion is not health care. A woman has a right to her body, but that is not her body. What about the baby?
Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay|The jury system was somewhat of an anomaly, like everything else in the law.
Richard Aldington, Roads To Glory|We pass and leave you lying. No need for rhetoric, for funeral music, for melancholy bugle-calls. No need for tears now, no need for regret.We took our risk with you; you died and we live. We take your noble gift, salute for the last time those lines of pitiable crosses, those solitary mounds, those unknown graves, and turn to live our lives out as we may.Which of us were fortunate--who can tell? For you there is silence and cold twilight drooping in awful desolation over those motionless lands. For us sunlight and the sound of women's voices, song and hope and laughter, despair, gaiety, love--life.Lost terrible silent comrades, we, who might have died, salute you.
Mordecai Richler, Solomon Gursky Was Here|Death is our friend, precisely because it brings us into absolute and passionate presence with all that is here, that is natural, that is love.
Flannery O'Connor|I once received a letter from an old lady in California who informed me that when the tired reader comes home at night, he wishes to read something that will lift up his heart. And it seems her heart had not been lifted up by anything of mine she had read. I think that if her heart had been in the right place, it would have been lifted up.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|I never seek to defeat the man I am fighting, " he explained. "I seek to defeat his confidence. A mind troubled by doubt cannot focus on the course to victory. Two men are equals - true equals - only when they both have equal confidence.
Gal Gadot|The lessons from the peace process are clear; whatever life throws at us, our individual responses will be all the stronger for working together and sharing the load.
E.M. Forster, Aspects of the Novel|Books have to be read (worse luck, for it takes a long time); it is the only way of discovering what they contain.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|He say, Celie, tell me the truth. You don't like me cause I'm a man?I blow my nose. take off they pants, I say, and men look like frogs to me. No matter how you kiss 'em, as far as I'm concern, frogs is what they stay.
|Humility, kindness, integrity, and compassion are the fragrances that I wear, and I strongly recommend that you try them.
P. J. O'Rourke|I would designate as science fiction in the best sense: they are visions and anticipations by which we seek to attain a true knowledge, but, in fact, they are only imaginations whereby we seek to draw near to the reality.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|A man of God has many brothers. He is a wounded soldier - he is familiar with the pain one feels in his heart, as a close and loving brother, when a brother falls victim of evil men or turns to evil desires (the latter sometimes even betrayal). Because of this, too, he is and must be well-acquainted with and trained in the strengths of hope and the gentleness of forgiveness and mercy.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, pray, love: one woman's search for everything|That’s the thing about a human life-there’s no control group, no way to ever know how any of us would have turned out if any variables had been changed.
Bryn  Hammond, Amgalant Two: Tribal Brawls|It is not important what would you do for your love, what matters is what have you been doing for it.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|It must be pointed out that the level of the total stock of money and of the value of the money unit are matters of complete indifference as far as the utility obtained from the use of the money is concerned. Society is always in enjoyment of the maximum utility obtainable from the use of money. Half of the money at the disposal of the community would yield the same utility as the whole stock, even if the variation in the value of the monetary unit was not proportioned to the variation in the stock of money.
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|Live a life that leaves a memory, nobody can steal.
Gita V. Reddy, Cinderella's Escape|... the burrowing wasp, which in order to provide a supply of fresh meat for her offspring after her own decease, calls in the science of anatomy to amplify the resources of her instinctive cruelty, and, having made a collection of weevils and spiders, proceeds with marvellous knowledge and skill to pierce the nerve-centre on which their power of locomotion (but none of their other vital functions) depends, so that the paralysed insect, beside which her egg is laid, will furnish the larva, when it is hatched, with a tamed and inoffensive quarry, incapable either of flight or of resistance, but perfectly fresh for the larder...
Ted Dekker, Thr3e|People tend to react to other people in wholesale rather than in detail, right? He's a minister, so I hate him. She's beautiful, so I like her. One month later you wake up and realize you have nothing in common with the woman.
Anton Chekhov|Medicine is my lawful wife, and literature is my mistress. When I get fed up with one, I spend the night with the other
Kathryn Lasky, The Rescue|All the time I think I can never love you more than I already do. And then you do something or say something, and I love you more than ever. Like just now. Like now. How is it possible? Can you love someone more and more and at the same time, all the time, love them as much as it's possible to love someone?
Richelle Mead, Succubus Revealed|Tradition or not, I sometimes thought putting children on an old guy’s lap was already creepy enough. We didn’t need to mix alcohol into it.
Nancy Keenan|You have to have the courage to face the unexpected. This is the difference between people who do things and people who don't dare, who don't dare to live.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|If you would create something,you must be something.
Swarnakanthi Rajapakse, The Master's Daughter|If the woman has the physical fitness and the meritorious luck to bear his children, the family was a fortunate one. Villagers always looked at sterility with a squinted eye, and its fault and the misfortune lay solely on the woman's part. As such, a childless woman often became culprit for her entire life.
Debasish Mridha|Remember, pain and misery are transient and ephemeral but love has the healing power,which is eternal.
Robert David Steele, The Open-Source Everything Manifesto: Transparency, Truth, and Trust|Democracy is a kingless regime infested by many kings who are sometimes more exclusive, tyrannical and destructive than one, even if he be a tyrant.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|Perhaps I shouldn't call it shit. That's a bit crude. I don't really despise Christianity or even the Roman Church, and certainly not the incontrovertible glory of the Middle Ages. What I do despise is the contemporary inclination to flop to the knees and crawl back into the past, to shy from what seem like impossible problems in order to bury the head, asshole aloft and twitching, in the Sands of Time. Cowardice, I calls it. Illusion-seeking. Womb-crawling. And treason. Desertion in the face of the enemy.Strong words indeed. But I've always been rather a blunt, tough, plain-spoken type . . .
Thorbjörg Hafsteinsdottir, 10 Years Younger in 10 Weeks|Happy we were the, for we had a good house, and good food and good work.
George Orwell|[T]he imagination, like certain wild animals, will not breed in captivity.
Henry Cantwell Wallace|I have seen the movement of the sinews of the sky, And the blood coursing in the veins of the moon.
Jared Diamond, Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed|Many of our problems are broadly similar to those that undermined ... Norse Greenland, and that many other past societies also struggled to solve. Some of those past societies failed (like the Greenland Norse) and others succeeded ... The past offers us a rich database from which we can learn in order that we may keep on succeeding.
Cheryl Sterling, Mr. Right, Mr. Wrong, Mr. Alien: A science fiction short story romance|Dave had been fun when they’d first dated. Then impending fatherhood had sobered him at the same time Mickle and Company had crooked its finger, turning him from Mr. Right to Mr. Wrong.
|Don't openly speak repeatedly about how well you are living, if you aren't willing to help others do better in life.
Kendall Schmidt|Kid's, Life's too short to be organized. Follow your dreams first, then organize later.
Meghna Pant, One and a Half Wife|I have learnt that a good marriage is healing for the soul, something to relish. But a bad marriage is long-suffering, a thing to be endured. The only good thing about marriage is that it’s perishable like human life.
Mike Krieger|I like to do interior design, I love to quilt, I love to see different colors together, and I love to match things up.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Sugar Queen|I didn’t share her concern. “Damn it. I should have banished you the first time I saw you. I don’t have time for this, not with everything else. You should be in the Underworld by now. Kiyo isn’t going to kill me.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Some of my favorite songs: 'Only Love Can Break Your Heart' by Neil Young; 'Last Night I Dreamed That Somebody Loved Me' by the Smiths; 'Call Me' by Aretha Franklin; 'I Don't Want to Talk About It' by anybody. And then there's 'Love Hurts' and 'When Love Breaks Down' and 'How Can You Mend a Broken Heart' and 'The Speed of the Sound of Loneliness' and 'She's Gone' and 'I Just Don't Know What to Do with Myself 'and . . . some of these songs I have listened to around once a week, on average (three hundred times in the first month, every now and again thereafter), since I was sixteen or nineteen or twenty-one. How can that not leave you bruised somewhere? How can that not turn you into the sort of person liable to break into little bits when your first love goes all wrong? What came first, the music or the misery? Did I listen to music because I was miserable? Or was I miserable because I listened to music? Do all those records turn you into a melancholy person? People worry about kids playing with guns, and teenagers watching violent videos; we are scared that some sort of culture of violence will take them over. Nobody worries about kids listening to thousands, literally thousands, of songs about broken hearts and rejection and pain and misery and loss. The unhappiest people I know, romantically speaking, are the ones who like pop music the most; and I don't know whether pop music has caused this unhappiness, but I do know that they've been listening to the sad songs longer than they've been living the unhappy lives.
Shimon Peres|I think to be - for me to be an American is - you know, it's one of the greatest things in the world for - you know, for me just because I've been able to grow up with everything. The freedom. You know, in my eyes this is the greatest country in the world.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|As long as we are grateful, we shall be glad.
Hattie McDaniel|I stick to lots of protein and veggies and try not to eat so many carbs, even though carbs are my favorite. I eat healthy things like quinoa, and I add fresh juices to my diet to get extra vitamins.
Marketa Giavonni, Three Erotic Nights|So hot and tight. You’re going to be a screamer. You’re already fighting to keep quiet, and I’ve barely started.” His low, hoarse voice sent shivers down her back.
Robert Kiyosaki|When we are baptized and confirmed, when brethren are ordained to the priesthood, when we go to the temple and receive our endowment, when we enter into the new and everlasting covenant of eternal marriage - in all these sacred ordinances, we make solemn commitments to keep God's commandments.
Terri Windling, Black Swan, White Raven|Though now we think of fairy tales as stories intended for very young children, this is a relatively modern idea. In the oral tradition, magical stories were enjoyed by listeners young and old alike, while literary fairy tales (including most of the tales that are best known today) were published primarily for adult readers until the 19th century.
C.R. Gibson|I have wept in the nightAt my shortness of sightThat to others' needs made me blind,But I never have yetHad a twinge of regretFor being a little too kind.
Tessa Dare, Any Duchess Will Do|A mother’s eyes are like God; impossible to get away from, they see everything.
Jeff Wilson, Buddhism of the Heart: Reflections on Shin Buddhism and Inner Togetherness|There is one advantage to realizing that you're never going to get it right: you do begin to stop expecting everyone else to get it right too, which makes for less frustration when other people turn out to be just as human as you are.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|In every aspect of life, be true to who you are. There is no need to communicate subliminally. If you believe in your words or actions, then express yourself completely. Live, Laugh, & Love without regrets.
Andrzej Sapkowski, Wieża Jaskółki|Jane, who is much better at reading guide books than I am (I always read them on the way back to see what I missed, it’s often quite a shock), discovered something wonderful in the book she was reading. Did I know, she asked, that Brisbane was originally founded as a penal colony for convicts who committed new offences after they had arrived in Australia ? I spent a good half hour enjoying this single piece of information. It was wonderful. There we British sat, poor grey sodden creatures, huddling under our grey northern sky that seeped like a rancid dish cloth, busy sending those we wished to punish most severely to sit in bright sunlight on the coast of the Tasman Sea at the southern tip of the Great Barrier Reef and maybe do some surfing too. No wonder the Australians have a particular kind of smile that they reserve exclusively for use on the British.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Rilke's Book of Hours: Love Poems to God|Prime numbers are divisible only by 1 and by themselves. They hold their place in the infinite series of natural numbers, squashed, like all numbers, between two others, but one step further than the rest. They are suspicious, solitary numbers, which is why Mattia thought they were wonderful. Sometimes he thought that they had ended up in that sequence by mistake, that they'd been trapped, like pearls strung on a necklace. Other times he suspected that they too would have preferred to be like all others, just ordinary numbers, but for some reason they couldn't do it. This second thought struck him mostly at night, in the chaotic interweaving of images that comes before sleep, when the mind is too weak to tell itself lies.
Natalya Vorobyova|Love and Hate: both are four-lettered and both involve passion. And sometimes when love turns into hate, passion grows murderous.
William Hope Hodgson, The House on the Borderland|I put it to the great man [Hitchcock], the key to fictitious terror is partition or containment: so long as the Bates Motel is sealed off from our world, we want to peer in, like at a scorpion enclosure. But a film that shows the world is a Bates Motel, well, that's... the stuff of Buchloe, dystopia, depression. We'll dip our toes in a predatory, amoral, godless unive3rse, but only our toes.
Lloyd Alexander, Taran Wanderer|If you want truth, you should begin by giving it.
Tony Duvert, Diary of an Innocent|There isn’t a dance that can compare to the gaiety, the timing and cohesiveness of hand maneuvers, the provoca-tive movements in unison of an upbeat salsa dance. The sweating, the writhing bodies, the facial expressions; the start of a moderate sensual beat climaxing in the middle to a crescendo and then ending with a slower consummation is like making love in its most exquisite form.
Malcolm X|The world since Adam has been white—and corrupt. The world of tomorrow will be black—and righteous. In the white world there has been nothing but slavery, suffering, death and colonialism. In the black world of tomorrow, there will be true freedom, justice and equality for all. And that day is coming—sooner than you think.
Chuck Klosterman, But What If We're Wrong? Thinking About the Present As If It Were the Past|... It is immensely moving when a mature man - no matter whether old or young in years - is aware of a responsibility with heart and soul. He then acts by following an ethic of responsibility and somewhere reaches the point where he says: 'Here I stand; I can do no other'. That is something genuinely human and moving. And every one of us who is not spiritually dead must realize the possibility of finding himself at some time in that position. In so far as this is true, an ethic of ultimate ends and an ethic of responsibility are not absolute contrasts but rather supplements, which only in unison constitute a genuine man - a man who can have the 'calling for politics'.
Jeanette Winterson, The Powerbook|The tamer my love, the farther away it is from love. In fierceness, in heat, in longing, in risk, I find something of love's nature. In my desire for you, I burn at the right temperature to walk through love's fire. So when you ask me why I cannot love you more calmly, I answer that to love you calmly is not to love you at all.
David Morrell|there are no inferior types of fiction, only inferior practitionersof them
Alan King|Every time I do a movie like 'Finding Neverland' or 'Chocolat' or 'Shakespeare' in Love,' we deal with the creative process, but there's humor and fun along the way. I always love that kind of movie.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|At that moment, the urge to be writing was stronger than any notion she had of what she might write.
Marilynne Robinson|Religion has endured since the dawn of human consciousness precisely because it encompasses so much of being human. No idea has endured so long, gathered up so many disparate needs and wants and feelings, and inspired so many different paths towards understanding it.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|You magnetize what you are being. You give a smile . . . you get a smile back. If you point fingers with anger, you will get anger in return. If you are obsessing about scarcity, you will continue to live in lack. If you focus on nurturing friends, you will enjoy more enriching relationships.
Patrick Lencioni|We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality.
Toni Sorenson|Once a woman put her hand in a gate and it ate her fingers. A five-legged spider with red eyes crawled out. That woman put in three fingers from her other hand, so that the spider might be complete. Do you have that integrity of purpose, sister?
Maya Van Wagenen|Real popularity is taking the time to love others, reaching out, and never being afraid to be the first one dancing. REMEMBER THE GIRL IN PEARLS.
John Steinbeck, The Winter of Our Discontent|In business and in politics a man must carve and maul his way through men to get to be King of the Mountain. Once there, he can be great and kind--but he must get there first.
R.A. Salvatore, Streams of Silver|There is one other error in the Gondsman's line of resoning, I believe, on ap urely emotional level. If machines replace achievement, then to what will people aspire? And who are we, truly, without such goals? Beware the engineers of society, I say, who would make everyone in all the world equal. Opportunity should be equal, must be equal, but achievement must remain individual.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|My husband's personality was filled with serenity and sunlight. Not even the incurable illness which fell upon him soon after our marriage could long cloud his brow. On the very night of his death he took me in his arms, and during the many months when he lay dying in his wheel chair, he often said jokingly to me: 'Well, have you already picked out a lover?' I blushed with shame. 'Don't deceive me,' he added on one occasion, 'that would seem ugly to me, but pick out an attractive lover, or preferably several. You are a splendid woman, but still half a child, and you need toys.
Robert Hall|A well regulated militia, composed of the body of the people, trained in arms, is the best most natural defense of a free country.
Jeffrey Fry|I've come to gamble."The old man's mouth twitched. He put down his shish kebab and leaned toward Percy. "A gamble...how interesting. Information in exchange for the harpy? Winner take all?""No," Percy said. "The harpy isn't part of the deal."Phineas laughed. "Really? Perhaps you don't understand her value.""She's a person," Percy said. "She isn't for sale.
Barbara O'Connor, Wish|You'd think that a redheaded boy with glasses who was named Howard and had an up-down walk would have a lot more to wish for than being friends with me. But I admit I felt a smile on my face and hope in my heart, 'cause maybe wishes really do come true. Maybe some wishes just take longer than others.
Hiro Mashima|If peace can only come through killing someone, then I don't want it.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|I was surrounded by heaven. The sun, the moon, the earth, and all those living stars. They wen't static like in pictures taken from impossibly far away- they breathed, they glowed. They were future and past, possibility and memory. They were beautiful. "I never knew there were so many," I whispered. We are merely pieces of a grander design, even more insignificant than I imagined. When the earth ceases to be, all those stars will shine on. Out deaths will mean nothing to them."I feel so small." No one replied. I wondered as I watched the stars, really seeing them for the fist time, whether they could see me, too.
Ilona Andrews, On the Edge|When you are in love, your mind stop thinking and it start to trust your heart even it’s wrong.
Billy Graham|People say women shouldn't have long hair over a certain age, but I've never done what everyone says.
Fiona Maazel, Last Last Chance|Sex is a matter of biology, while gender is a matter of grammar, and there is no earthly reason why sex should be involved in gender distinctions.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|We are comforted when a person, place, or business is warm and inviting. Making us feel this way increases the likelihood that we will want to learn more, do business with them, or pursue a meaningful interaction.
Galen Rowell|Look at your business and the activities that you undertake. Then, start to think about not just your economic concerns, but about social and environmental impacts that businesses have.
Kassandra Cross, Sex with the CEO: A Billionaire Romance|Like most cities, London could be a lonely place...
Ramsey Campbell, Best New Horror 20|Sad-looking brown eyes, they wrenched his heart like a gut punch. Worse – hell, worse – a bloke could punch him in the head but he’d stay up, and grin through the bloody split lip, intimidating his attacker; but there was no honour in wounds inside, wounds that only you could deal with.
Eduardo Galeano|The ball laughs, radiant, in the air. He brings her down, puts her to sleep, showers her with compliments, dances with her, and seeing such things never before seen his admirers pity their unborn grandchildren who will never see them.
John Flanagan, Halt's Peril|Yes, I'm back," he said, "And look who I ran into."Horace grinned at him. "i hope you ran into him hard.""As hard as I could.
Irving Berlin|If you surrender your free will, then someone is bound to take the reins and lead you to a place that is not of your own true desire.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|There's a feeling of power in reserve, a power that drives right through the bone, like the shiver you sense in the shaft of an axe when you take it into your hand. You can strike, or you can not strike, and if you choose to hold back the blow, you can still feel inside you the resonance of the omitted thing.
David Zindell, The Wild|The number two, he thought, was an ominous number. Two is a reflection or duplication of one, the most perfect of the natural numbers. Two is all echo and counterpoise; two is the beginning of multiplicity, the way the universal oneness differentiates itself and breaks apart into strings and quarks and photons, all the separate and component pieces of life. Two is a symbol of becoming as opposed to pure being...
Dorothy L. Sayers, Letters to a Diminished Church: Passionate Arguments for the Relevance of Christian Doctrine|That this is really the case was made plain to me by the questions asked me, mostly by young men, about my Canterbury play, The Zeal of Thy House. The action of the play involves a dramatic presentation of a few fundamental Christian dogmas— in particular, the application to human affairs of the doctrine of the Incarnation. That the Church believed Christ to be in any real sense God, or that the eternal word was supposed to be associated in any way with the word of creation; that Christ was held to be at the same time man in any real sense of the word; that the doctrine of the Trinity could be considered to have any relation to fact or any bearing on psychological truth; that the Church considered pride to be sinful, or indeed took notice of any sin beyond the more disreputable sins of the flesh—all these things were looked upon as astonishing and revolutionary novelties, imported into the faith by the feverish imagination of a playwright. I protested in vain against this flattering tribute to my powers of invention, referring my inquirers to the creeds, to the gospels, and to the offices of the Church; I insisted that if my play were dramatic it was so, not in spite of the dogma, but because of it—that, in short, the dogma was the drama. The explanation was, however, not well received; it was felt that if there were anything attractive in Christian philosophy I must have put it there myself.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|Until recently the locus of sexual fantasy was peopled with images actually glimpsed or were sensations actually felt, or private imaginings taken from suggestions in the real world, a dream well where weightless images from it floated, transformed by imagination. It prepared children, with these hints and traces of other people's bodies, to become adults and enter the landscape of adult sexuality and meet the lover face to face. Lucky men and women are able to keep a pathway clear to that dream well, peopling it with scenes and images that meet them as they get older, created with their own bodies mingling with other bodies; they choose a lover because of a smell from a coat, a way of walking, the shape of a lip, belong in their imagined interior and resonate back in time deep into the bones that recall childhood and early adolescent imagination.
George Bernard Shaw|A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
Tara Hudson, Hereafter|Isabelle had always thought of her mind as a garden, a magical place to play as a child, when the grown-ups were having conversations and she was expected to listen politely-- and even, although she hated to admit this, later with Edward, her husband, when listening to the particularities of his carpet salesmanship wore her thin. Every year the garden grew larger, the paths longer and more complicated. Meadows of memories.Of course, her mental garden hadn't always been well tended. There were the years when the children were young, fast-moving periods when life flew by without time for the roots of deep reflection, and yet she knew memories were created whether one pondered them or not. She had always considered that one of the luxuries of growing older would be the chance to wander through the garden that had grown while she wasn't looking. She would sit on a bench and let her mind take every path, tend every moment she hadn't paid attention to, appreciate the juxtaposition of the one memory against another.
Catherine Astolfo|I was its skin, its movement, its shape, its god, its creator, its destroyer. And you thought Dexter was bad. The Bridgeman arrives soon.
Marc Bolan, Marc Bolan Lyric Book|RIDE A WHITE SWAN""Ride it on out like a bird in the skyway,Ride it on out like you were a bird,Fly it all out like an eagle in a sunbeam,Ride it all out like you were a bird.Wear a tall hat like the druid in the old daysWear a tall hat and a Tattooed gownRide a white swan like the people of the Beltane,Wear your hair long,babe,you can't go wrong.Catch a bright star and place it on your forehead,Say a few spells and baby,there you go,Take a black cat and sit it on your shoulder,And in the morning you'll know all you know.Wear a tall hat like the druid in the old daysWear a tall hat and a Tattooed gownRide a white swan like the people of the Beltane,Wear your hair long, babe ,you can't go wrong.Da di di da, da di di da
Reba McEntire|Music drives you. It wakes you up, it gets you pumping. And, at the end of the day, the correct tune will chill you down.
Adrianne Ambrose, Fangs for Nothing|I noticed Xander had subtly adjusted his posture. He slouched slightly to the side, let his head hang, and then looked up through his bangs to gaze at something in the middle distance. Uber James Dean. Xander managed to pull it off as if he was looking at nothing, just having deep thoughts about the far away adventures he would be having if he wasn’t stuck waiting for a flowered suitcase at Hopkins International. I casually let my eyes slide across the room. There had to be cute girls somewhere close at hand. Otherwise Xander wouldn’t have broken out his middle distance gazing Tyrone Power eyes.
Mirella Muffarotto, Soccer Sweetheart|I’ve always liked you, from the first moment I saw you at the Pigafetta Stadium.” He kept his distance because he wanted her too much. “And ever since that day, I knew that you were in love with another guy, and that he would sooner or later feel the same way I did.” Cutting ties with her was excruciatingly painful. “I just hoped that he would be stupid enough to let me have you,” he gasped. “But he wasn’t.
Swami Satchidananda, The Yoga Sutras|In not only the physical science, but in the real mental silence, the wisdom dawns. (75)
Jan Ingenhousz, Experiments upon vegetables|If it was the warmth of the sun, and not its light, that produced this operation, it would follow, that, by warming the water near the fire about as much as it would have been in the sun, this very air would be produced; but this is far from being the case..
Arthur W. Pink, The Sovereignty of God|Fear not, brothers and sisters, God, who is full of grace and abounding in steadfast love, meets us in our sin and transforms us for God's glory and the healing of God's world. In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, your sins are forgiven, be now at peace.
Debasish Mridha|The music of kindness may be short lived, but its echoes are everlasting.
Miranda Liasson, A Man of Honor|The war had changed him, inside and out, in ways he could never have fathomed.
Jess C. Scott, EyeLeash: A Blog Novel|V-Day…if you need this one day in a year to show everyone else you truly care for “your loved one” I think it’s quite stupid. I hate this commercialism. It’s all artificial, and has nothing to do with real love.
Zig Ziglar|To make my body a temple pureWherein I dwell serene;To care for the things that shall endure,The simple, sweet and clean.To oust out envy and hate and rage,To breathe with no alarm;For Nature shall be my anchorage,And none shall do me harm.
Ari Gold|To be successful, you need friends. To be very successful, you need enemies.
Dan Simmons|The existence of a limit to science is, however, made clear by its inability to answer childlike elementary questions having to do with first and last things – questions such as “How did everything begin?” “What are we all here for?” “What is the point of living?
Felicity Jones|As anyone who has recently seen PG-13 movies knows, the level of violence in them has increased to the point of making the Motion Picture Association of America's voluntary rating system meaningless.
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|It was a delicious feeling, falling in love. I'd had so many luxuries in my life, and I thought I'd had a taste of this before, but I realized now it was merely a cheap imitation of something not meant to be imitated in the first place.
Brian Jacques, Redwall|As you know, human history is full of evil deeds, and maybe we ought to think of them with tears, not fascination.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When you find that a theology has nothing more to offer than what the world already offers, then that theology as a theology is impractical, and therefore, useless.
Jerry Delia Femina|"I'm sorry that I spell'd the word  I hate to go above you  Because" - the brown eyes lower fell  -  "Because  you see  I love you!"
Mary-Louise Parker, Dear Mr. You|Plasticity inhibits authenticity, and fosters in its place a kind of fairytale, insubstantial, unstable environment. All under the cover of freedom of choice. but there is no freedom larger than simply being who you must be. There is no more formidable Self than the one that has adjusted to nonnegotiable fixed points or unconditional obstacles to its aspiration. There is no more compelling truth than accepting with genuine grace what one cannot change.And so there is no larger testimony to freedom than someone who has taken such a course of life over a long haul; who ultimately and transparently bears the marks and scars of where they have been in real time. Such person wear line on their faces, lines that resolutely defy the airbrush. Such persons need not continuously broadcast their inner narratives; nor need they present the same visage to every acquaintance. But their faces still speak volumes to anyone with eyes to see. Their faces bear the marks of their irrevocable investments in their inalienable humanity.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|Any local music scene at any point in time can be referred to as derivative of more well-known acts. The line separating influence from imitation is a blurry one. Very few artists are completely original; even great artists build upon what has occurred before, and add their personality and talent to create their own original expression.
Erich von Däniken, Chariots of The Gods|If we want to set out on the aruous search for the truth, we must all summon up the courage to leave the lines along which we have thought until now and as the first step begin to doubt everything that we previously accepted as correct and true. Can we still afford to close our eyes and stop up our ears because new ideas are supposed to be heretical and absurd?
Jhumpa Lahiri, Unaccustomed Earth|He owned an expensive camera that required thought before you pressed the shutter, and I quickly became his favorite subject, round-faced, missing teeth, my thick bangs in need of a trim. They are still the pictures of myself I like best, for they convey that confidence of youth I no longer possess, especially in front of a camera.
Lily-Rose Depp|My mom would give me a piece to play, but I wouldn't do any theory because when it came time to do it I would sneak back upstairs and watch TV. So, I had these kind of nonchalant lessons for years, then it just started soaking in.
Hazel Butler, Chasing Azrael|The night beyond the window was still, mordant white snow, punctuated only by the eerie dark of the trees, gumshoeing their way along the edge of the path outside. Their skeletal fingers clawed up at the stars, held down by an insidious, weightless lacing of snowflakes. I gazed idly at the moon and wondered if it truly had the power to sway the will of men.
Julia Hoban, Willow|Well, sometimes I worry that my whole life will be based about what's comfortable and easy. I'll care too much about what makes me feel good to ever really reach for anything. And then I worry that even if I do, I won't succeed.
Fasela Oosterwolde|When you express thankfulness, even the almost empty tank of petrol will go the extra mile; it changes challenges into opportunities, mistakes into experiences, disappointments into celebrations, doubt into faith.
David Brooks|If you truly have character and respecting others is your core value, you respect everybody regardless of who they are, what they believe and how they behave...
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|Her concern with landscapes and living creatures was passionate. This concern, feebly called, "the love of nature" seemed to Shevek to be something much broader than love. There are souls, he thought, whose umbilicus has never been cut. They never got weaned from the universe. They do not understand death as an enemy; they look forward to rotting and turning into humus. It was strange to see Takver take a leaf into her hand, or even a rock. She became an extension of it, it of her.
Khadija Rupa, Unexpressed Feelings|The way your curious eyes were chasing mine when I stood in front of you, I knew I had known these eyes before.
Luis Buñuel, My Last Sigh|Alone with thoughts of what should have long been forgotten, I let myself be carried away into the silent screams of delirium.
G.K. Chesterton, The Superstition of Divorce|The man, like the mouse, undermines what he cannot understand. Because he bumps into a thing, he calls it the nearest obstacle; though the obstacle may happen to be the pillar that holds the roof over his head. he industriously removes the obstacle; and in return the obstacle removes him; and much more valuable things than he.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|Kafir, you have a very complicated problem with a very simple solution.
Steven J. Lawson, The Kind of Preaching God Blesses|In trying to commit my life to finding and participating in some of the purposes of Christ, as I can determine them, my energies and abilities are gradually being focused and are working together.
Ken Donaldson, Marry YourSelf First! Companion Workbook|You're either living on purpose or living accidentally, so live ON purpose WITH purpose!
Donald McCaig, Rhett Butler's People|I'm afraid, Belle, that being a lady is more than proper clothes. It is an attitude. From your...experience, you may know more of business and politics than ladies are supposed to know. Gentlemen are pleased to think ladies are ornamental, and it is an ill-advised ornament who contradicts her gentleman.
Mike Gallagher|By the time I had reached the age of 16, in the 10th grade, my parents, after 22 years of marriage, one day decided to get a divorce.
Charles Bukowski, Women|A yet women -good women- frightened me because they eventually wanted your soul, and what was left of mine, I wanted to keep. Basically I craved prostitutes, base women, because they were deadly and hard and made no personal demands. Nothing was lost when they left. Yet at the same time I yearned for a gentle, good woman, despite the overwhelming price.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|You don't get to chose if you get hurt in this world, old man, but you do have some say in who hurts you. I like my choices. I hope she likes hers.
Julie Gregory, Sickened: The Memoir of a Munchausen by Proxy Childhood|The humans were protecting their heritage, or so they thought. Strange that Mud Men seem more concerned about the past than the present.
Kiersten White, Endlessly|The Argentine tango isn't here to play nicely with the other children. The Argentine tango is here to seduce your women, spill things on your rug, and sneak out your bedroom window in the middle of the night.
Cesare Beccaria|I am a spiritual person in an eastern religion kind of way. I learned that happiness for all of us is a switch that you flick in your brain. It doesn't have anything to do with getting a new house, a new car, a new girlfriend, or a new pair of shoes. Our culture is very much about that; we are never happy with what we have today.
Victoria Aveyard|Is that gallantry I smell, or just stupidity? The two scents are much alike, as I recall.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|The whole world," he said, "is going Radical again. Fundamentally. In religion. In politics. In law. The Common Man has been trying to get his Radicalism said and done plainly and clearly for a hundred and fifty years. Now we take it on. Our movement. The new wave of attack." "And fill a ditch in our turn," said Irwell. "Maybe we're over the last ditch," said Rud. "There must be a last ditch somewhere..."All other revolutionary movements have been experiments so far, Christianity, the French Revolution, the Russian Revolution, and more or less failures. They were experiments in liberation and they did not liberate. The old things wriggled back. But ours may be the experiment that succeeds. We may get to the Common-sense World State. Yes -- we -- in this room...Why not? It has to come somehow, somewhen... If it doesn't come pretty soon, there won't be much of humanity left to liberate.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Universe is a friend, it creates us; universe is an enemy, it kills us! It is neither a complete-friend, nor a complete-enemy.
Sandra Cisneros|Perhaps you should speak more softly to me, then. Monsters are dangerous beasts, and just now kings seem to be dying like flies.
Brian Herbert, The Butlerian Jihad|Associating with winners may not make you a winner, but associating with losers will definitely not make you one.
Corallie Buchanan, Watch Out! Godly Women on the Loose|He is your Father, and His role is to protect you; He will comfort you and guide you. He will feed you; He will carry you when you are weak. He will seek you out when you go astray; He will help you in times of trouble. He will not let your enemies go unpunished; He will cherish you like a father cherishes his daughter. When you fall, He will pick you up; when you don’t understand, He will always understand. When you feel like life is weighing you down, He will lift you up. When you feel like giving up, He will encourage you to keep going. When you are sad, He will lighten your spirits. When you need advice, His line is open 24-7. When you feel unsafe, He will be your safety; when you are worried, He will be an ear to your concerns. When you feel burdened, offer your burden to Him and He will take it. Where you have been burnt, He will make you beautiful; where you hurt, He will heal. Whenever you feel lonely, He will always be with you. Where others have not supported you, He will support you. When you feel discouraged, He will be your encouragement. Where you don’t know, He will tell you when the time is right. When you feel unloved, remember that He has always loved you. You see limitations; God sees opportunities. You see faults; God sees growth. You see problems; God sees solutions. You see limitations; God sees possibilities. You see life; God sees eternity.
Jim Thompson, Pop. 1280|I looked at it [revolver] as if it reminded me of a crime I had committed with an irrepressible smile such as rises sometimes to people’s lips in the face of great catastrophes which are beyond their grasp, the smile that comes at times on certain women’s faces while they are saying they regret the harm they have done. It is the smile of nature quietly and proudly asserting its natural right to kill.
Jay Crownover, Rome|As the High Priestess looked down upon the child, she was struck by her holy perfection. She was a tiny person in miniature, and her beautiful eyes, little hands, and long eyelashes were sublime.
Amit Ray, Beautify your Breath - Beautify your Life|Breathing is our participation with the cosmic dance. When our breath is in harmony, cosmos nourishes us in every sense.
Marcel Proust, In the Shadow of Young Girls in Flower|Perhaps if I had made his life more difficult, he would have written less, or less freely. I cannot claim to be the midwife to genius, but if I have not facilitated,I have at least not, as many women might have done, prevented. This is a very small virtue to claim, a very negative achievement to hang my whole life on.
Blue Balliett, The Calder Game|What was a little dark, anyway? Just no sun, [Petra] reminded herself as her sneakers pounded toward the opening. Just dark, all three fine, she whispered to herself again and again, spinning the words outward into a mobile in her mind. They floated into dark-three, all-just-fine and then into all-fine, dark-just-three.
James Lee Burke|Humility is not a virtue in a writer, it is an absolute necessity.
Lang Leav, Lullabies|Whenever you lose someone you love, you have those lingering regrets. You wish you could hug them or kiss them or talk to them...I don't want those regrets
Neil deGrasse Tyson|The only shibboleth the West has is science. It is the premise of modernity and it defines itself as a rationality capable of, indeed requiring separation from politics, religion and really, society. Modernisation is to work towards this.
John Stuart Mill|Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of those who threaten it.
Isaac Newton|For anyone aspiring to be anything, I would like them to realise dreams require work. So work big time.
Tom Hodgkinson, The Freedom Manifesto|...[W]e should be mucking about all the time, because mucking about is enjoying life for its own sake, now, and not in preparation for an imaginary future. It's obvious that the mirth-filled man, the cheerful soul, the childish adult is the one who has least to fear from life.
Joseph Warren|The thing in jazz that will get Bix Beiderbecke out of his bed at two o’clock in the morning, pick that cornet up and practice into the pillow for another two or three hours, or that would make Louis Armstrong travel around the world for fifty plus years non stop, just get up out of his sick bed, crawl up on the bandstand and play, the thing that would make Duke Ellington, the thing that would make Thelonious Monk, Miles Davis, Charlie Parker, Mary Lou Williams, the thing that would make all of these people give their lives for this, and they did give their lives, is that it gives us a glimpse into what America is going to be when it becomes itself. And this music tells you that it will become itself. And when you get a taste of that, there’s just nothing else you’re going to taste that’s as sweet.
Søren Kierkegaard|What am I? The modest narrator who accompanies your triumphs; the dancer who supports you when you rise in your lovely grace; the branch upon which you rest a moment when you are tired of flying; the bass that interposes itself below the soprano’s fervour to let it climb even higher—what am I? I am the earthly gravity that keeps you on the ground. What am I, then? Body, mass, earth, dust and ashes.—You, my Cordelia, you are soul and spirit.”—Johannes the Seducer, from_Either/Or_
George R.R. Martin|And if I'm guilty of having gratuitous sex, then I'm also guilty of having gratuitous violence, and gratuitous feasting, and gratuitous description of clothes, and gratuitous heraldry, because very little of this is necessary to advance the plot. But my philosophy is that plot advancement is not what the experience of reading fiction is about. If all we care about is advancing the plot, why read novels? We can just read Cliffs Notes.A novel for me is an immersive experience where I feel as if I have lived it and that I've tasted the food and experienced the sex and experienced the terror of battle. So I want all of the detail, all of the sensory things—whether it's a good experience, or a bad experience, I want to put the reader through it. To that mind, detail is necessary, showing not telling is necessary, and nothing is gratuitous.
C.S. Lewis, The Case for Christianity|In keeping silent about evil, in burying it so deep within us that no sign of it appears on the surface, we are implanting it, and it will rise up a thousand fold in the future. When we neither punish nor reproach evildoers, we are not simply protecting their trivial old age, we are thereby ripping the foundations of justice from beneath new generations.
Naomi Wood, Mrs. Hemingway|There's no pretending, I love you and I will love you until the day i die and if there's a life after that I will love you then.
Prem Kishore, India: An Illustrated History|When the British left, India was a multireligious, multiregional, multiethnic country, exploited, backward, and poor from colonialism.
Brigham Young|If you educate a man you educate a person, but if you educate a woman you educate a family
John Taylor Gatto, Dumbing Us Down: The Hidden Curriculum of Compulsory Education|Although teachers do care and do work very, very hard, the institution is psychopathic-it has no conscience. It rings a bell and the young man in the middle of writing a poem must close his notebook and move to a different cell where he must memorize that humans and monkeys derive from a common ancestor.
Michael Hyatt, Living Forward: A Proven Plan to Stop Drifting and Get the Life You Want|In planning anything, the best place to begin is at the end. What outcome do you want? How do you want the story to end? How do you want to be remembered when you are gone?
Joel Derfner, Swish: My Quest to Become the Gayest Person Ever|Next time, involve me in what you’re planning. How had I gone so easily from feeling excluded to doing the excluding? Did I dislike the reminder that I hadn’t always been on the inside looking out? Was I so relieved to be there that I didn’t notice the people who still wanted desperately to be invited in? Had I learned that the only way to be part of a society was to shun its outcasts?
Colleen McCullough|I have discovered," he said to Charles Dewy, "that when a man marries, peace of mind and freedom go out of the window.""Well, old boy," said Charles comfortably, "that's the price we have to pay for having company in our old age and for ensuring that we have heirs to follow us.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|We live with such easy assumptions, don't we? For instance, that memory equals events plus time. But it's all much odder than this. Who was it said that memory is what we thought we'd forgotten? And it ought to be obvious to us that time doesn't act as a fixative, rather as a solvent. But it's not convenient--- it's not useful--- to believe this; it doesn't help us get on with our lives; so we ignore it.
Bindi Irwin|There are many harsh lessons to be learned from the gambling experience, but the harshest one of all is the difference between having Fun and being Smart.
Susan Beth Pfeffer, Life As We Knew It|The idea for Maximum Ride come from the earlier books of mine called When the Wind Blows and The Lake House, which also feature a character named Max who escapes from a quiet despicable school. Most of the similarities end there. Max and the other kids in Maximum Ride are not the same Max and kids featured in those two books. nor do Frannie and Kit play any part in Maximum Ride. I hope you enjoy the ride anyways. 
Rohan Candappa|No more fear of hunger. A new kind of freedom. But what then ... what? What would my life be like on a daily basis? Most of it has been consumed with the acquisition of food. Take that away and I'm not really sure who I am, what my identity is. The idea scares me some.
James L. Halperin, The First Immortal|Ben laughed. "You think all religions are scams, don't you?""Yes, I suppose I do," Epstein said. "But the religions are mostly scamming themselves. That they scam others is usually a side-effect.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Take heart. You're not alone. Every broken heart breathes again. That's life. It goes on. In loss, and in gain.
V.E. Schwab, A Gathering of Shadows|My father was a vulture. My mother was a magpie. My oldest brother is a crow. My sister, a sparrow. I have never really been a bird." Lila resisted the urge to say he might have been a peacock. It didn't seem the time.
Jeff Ament|With Pearl Jam, everybody is so good at what they do, it's hard to get up the courage to say, Can I sing this part, or, I want to play guitar. I feel like I have more courage to do that.
Rick Riordan|Mistakes are like bad loves, the more you learn from them, the more you wish they’d never happened.
David Mitchell, number9dream|The truth is "#9dream" is a descendant of "Norwegian Wood". Both are ghost stories. "She" in "Norwegian Wood" curses you with loneliness. The "Two spirits dancing so strange" in "#9dream" bless you with harmony. But people prefer loneliness to harmony.
Tobin Hart, The Four Virtues: Presence, Heart, Wisdom, Creation|Any empathic person who knows how valuable time is will think twice before wasting another person's time, because losing time is losing a part of your life.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|I want you to fuck me, Chris,’ I said, lustfully whispering the words into his ear as he planted kisses on my neck. His lips were wild and yearning, eagerly devouring me.
Natalie Dykstra, Clover Adams: A Gilded and Heartbreaking Life|There, Clover found the "gardens and great trees and old cottages...so beautiful" that seeing them exhausted her. It was as if, she joked with her husband, "this English world is a huge stage-play got up only to amuse Americans. It is obviously unreal, eccentric, and taken out of novels.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|Cody probably wasn’t in danger either, but he wasn’t willing to risk it when these might also be good guys that he might need later to help him sneak into some forgotten city win himself an empire at the price of gallons of blood...
Shannon  Perry, Ad Eundum Quo Nemo Ante iit:: A Carmina Collectio|So while I was busy saving you from Hell,you were pushing me further to it; the poison murdering me well.
Katherine Owen, The Truth About Air & Water|One of the things that happens a lot is you get to see how many times things happen, literal things happen and how they are completely metaphors for where you are. It’s like a mirror is being held up just about an inch to your face.
Markus Zusak, Getting the Girl|Water belongs to us all. Nature did not make the sun one person's property, nor air, nor water, cool and clear.
Harry Kalmer, 'n Duisend stories oor Johannesburg: 'n stadsroman|I hope that wherever else I have failed, whatever harm I have caused to strangers and friends, that you may speak for me. Not before a pulpit or upon a stage. Not with words great or loud. But only to be, to persist, to live a life with pride and worth. In twenty years’ time, thirty, or forty I hope that you may sit upon the porch of your home, look out upon a greening field that you have tilled, see your children surrounding you with love, and think for a moment upon me. That is all now that I truly wish for. To be for a moment in your thoughts, when I have long passed from this earth, and perhaps in a way I may find my redemption, an earthly redemption, not everlasting, but scared nonetheless.
Julie Klassen, The Innkeeper of Ivy Hill|Shed the yesteryears, embrace the present as a gift and the future as a possibility
Alexis Carrel|Prayer is commission. Out of the quietness with God, power is generated that turns the spiritual machinery of the world. When you pray, you begin to feel the sense of being sent, that the divine compulsion is upon you.
Balroop Singh|I see it all through the lens of my camera—the flurry of movement, the venue staff in black T-shirts, giving orders into their headsets. As I take it all in, my mind weighs the texture, the composition, the possibility of each changing scene, and I struggle to hold back, to keep my finger from pressing too soon. That’s my biggest flaw as a photographer. I’m impatient—trigger-happy. I want the shot now, now, now, click, click, click, and if I could just wait a second more, the moment would really flourish.
Vachel Lindsay|As I wrote 'The Christmas Lamp' I realized that tradition is priceless, whether you have a small family, a large family, or no family.Tradition doesn't have to be logical; it only has to emphasize the light of Christ and his everlasting love.
Marieke Stoop|Success Is Hidden Behind All The Things You " Must" Do
Micheline Jean Louis|You are the only one capable of loving you the way you deserve to be love. The only hero that will save you is you, you are everything that you need, If you would only take the time the to invest in getting to know yourself, not through outside lenses, but by finding your quiet place within and learning the language of your soul.
Franz Rottensteiner, The Fantasy Book: An Illustrated History From Dracula To Tolkien|As has already been noted, fantastic literature developed at precisely the moment when genuine belief in the supernatural was on the wane, and when the sources provided by folklore could safely be used as literary material. It is almost a necessity, for the writer as well as for the reader of fantastic literature, that he or she should not believe in the literal truth of the beings and objects described, although the preferred mode of literary expression is a naive realism. Authors of fantastic literature are, with a few exceptions, not out to convert, but to set down a narrative story endowed with the consistency and conviction of inner reality only during the time of the reading: a game, sometimes a highly serious game, with anxiety and fright, horror and terror.
Woodrow Wilson|You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world.
Virgil Kalyana Mittata Iordache|Ever since I was young I enjoyed solving puzzles and having the pleasure to see the bigger picture afterwards. But even after all that, I found that life could be the most challenging puzzle we have to face. It's one of those things that even if you have all the pieces and could see the whole picture, it still takes time and patience to solve it. At times, we feel more at ease not knowing the whole picture, not knowing the whole level of difficulty or number of pieces that we're missing, but just building up one piece at a time. The problem with this approach is that the only clues that we have for matching two pieces are the shape and a small glimpse of the image. We so often find comfort in building up the corners and the borders but very rarely do we adventure in the middle of the puzzle. We'd rather work little by little holding on to our safe border and only move towards the center when the pieces are still in touch with our borders or roots. On the other hand, you could be one of those people that just jumps in the middle and builds up on every piece you have in order to get small portions of the truth of the bigger picture every now and then. Not having your borders or corners in place might mean that you don't need to know your limits in order to realize that the puzzle will one day come to an end. Nevertheless, every piece is equally important and it gets handed to you at a time where you have at least some matching piece. That doesn't mean you should only focus on one point or piece and limit your possible connections. Spread out and you will find even more connections. The truth of the puzzle information comes in different shapes and colors but in the end it's all connected. Information might be divided, spread out in different areas, different people, different experiences. What's important to remember is that every piece is meant for you. You might throw it on the side now and use it later, but it will forever remain a part of your bigger picture. Work on your puzzle, with patience and care in moving forward and with a hopeful spirit that it will all work out in the end for your highest good!
Tory Burch|I'm from a small town so, like, everyone's married with children or about to have children. So it's a little hard when you go home and people are like - and that's why people think I'm gay - because they're like 'Why aren't you married?' And I'm like, 'it doesn't happen for everyone right off the bat.'
nibin|It wasn't the worst time when Melody left me," the Professor said. "The worst time was the years before. Because I didn't know I couldn't hate anybody that much; it was like she'd stuck a sword into me, one of those Japanese samurai swords, do you know the kind I mean? Heavy and razor sharp-and she'd stuck it in me and then she was...pushing it around." His hand rested on his stomach, remembering. "I couldn't get free from the feelings. I didn't know how frightened I could be, all the time. But whenever we had to go out together, she'd smile at me and talk to me and listen and look at me the way she did-and I wanted to hit her," he said, his voice low and ashamed.  Jeff let his head down to rest on his fists.  "When I found out how many lies she was telling me, I finally realized that she had always lied to me. About my lectures. About boyfriends; and even after she knew I knew, she'd still lie about it. I hated her. Or the bills she ran up, without asking, without telling; then she'd say she'd taken care of them but she just-ignore them. I know I looked all right to other people-maybe more of a dry stick than usual, maybe even more of boring than usual-but inside I was knotted up, all the time, because I hated her so much, and I hated myself, and I was scared." Jeff looked up at his father.  "I didn't think she'd do that to you, Jeff," the Professor said. "But she did, didn't she." Jeff nodded. He knew he was crying, but he didn't know what to do about it. Neither did the Professor. He just sat and waited, until Jeff got up to blow his nose.  "It was the lies," the Professor said. "They were what really scared me. Even now, if I think about her-and the kinds of things she says....I don't know what she told you, but I never was sorry I'd married her or loved her because of you. You always made a difference, made a real difference, from the very beginning. I always knew that, inside me, but I didn't bother to learn how to show you. I'm sorry, Jeff, I should have taken the trouble.
Maria Semple, Today Will Be Different|Was it happiness I'd found in my long marriage? Or capitulation? Or is that all happiness is, capitulation?
C.S. Lewis|Science Fiction properly conceived, like all serious fiction, however funny, is a way of trying to describe what is going on, what people actually do and feel, how people relate to everything else in this vast sack, this belly of the universe, this womb of things to be and tomb of things that were, this unending story. In it, as in all fiction, there is room enough to keep even Man where he belongs, in his place in the scheme of things, there is time enough to gather plenty of wild oats and sow them, too, and sing to little Oom, and listen to Ool's joke, and watch newts, and still the story isn't over. Still there are seeds to be gathered and room in the bag of stars.
Gyomay M Kubose|The study of the self. This is the foundational practice of Buddhism. Basically it's the whole point. So what is the point... What is this really about? To study the self addresses everything we encounter in life. We can't encounter anything but the self actually. It's about our entire experience of living. Of life and death. It addresses questions such as Who am I?, What is the nature of my suffering? ... And my well-being, What is my place in this world?, What is my relationship to the things I encounter? ... And ultimately How do I live a life of meaning and energy?
Rasheed Ogunlaru|There is no greater prize than a quiet, peaceful mind.
Alaric Hutchinson|Love is not the answer, peace is. Throughout my whole life I have experienced and seen others use love as a reason to treat people with unkindness by being controlling, jealous, shouting in anger, and projecting guilt and shame. If you love someone but there is not peace in your heart when you think of that person then your work is not done. Do not stop at love, continue all the way towards the freedom of inner peace. Love starts when peace begins. Without peace love is simply a mask for our insecurity, judgment, and egoic attachments.
Alexis York Lumbard, Angels|They are strong wives, devoted moms, and beautiful women, trying to find a way to earn and keep their wings because God knows, it's not easy being married to the military.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Letters and Papers from Prison|As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by
Malcolm Gladwell|I always like to say that our brand or our philosophy has always been kind of this marriage between the 'food as indulgence,' and it's also been about 'food as health,' that food is vitality.
Ortega y Gasset|Everyone knows that border across which he cannot go, even in thought, and it is that, not the former, that people automatically shut out and cannot face. Yet one knows at times (in the middle of the night, perhaps, when one is sleepless, or on encountering some revolting experience) that this horror haunts every form of experience (always and ever), and hastily one readjusts the blinkers that had slipped. Put the beautiful before you and the horror behind you. Yes, but then I shall not dare to turn round.The world is a bad place. Is it? But it seems that this haunting, this self-delusion by wearing blinkers, is not an attribute of the world. The haunting is in consciousness itself, in its very nature. Just as when I set up any object in the sunlight a shadow is cast (because it is the nature of sunlight to cast shadows), so anything that comes into the light of consciousness casts a shadow of the unknown. It is in the unknown that the horror resides in the dark of knowledge where the patterns can no longer be traced, where chaos resides, and whence utterly hostile systems may emerge, devour, and digest us.
Stephen Chbosky|When you've been hurt enough as a kid (maybe at any age), it's like you have a trick knee. Most of your life, you can function like an adult, but add in the right portions of sleeplessness and stress and grief, and the hurt, defeated self can bloom into place.
Nicole Kornher-Stace, Archivist Wasp|See, even though Jesse's a ghost, and can walk through walls and disappear and reappear at will, he's still...well, there. To me, anyway. That's what makes me-and Father Dom-different from everybody else. We not only can see and talk to ghosts, but we can feel them too-just as if they were anybody else. Anybody alive, I mean. Because to me and Father Dom, ghosts are just like anyone else, with blood and guts and sweat and bad breath and whatever. The only real difference is that they kind of have this glow around them-an aura, I think it's called.
Chuck Lorre|A strategy is something like, an innovative new product; globalization, taking your products around the world; be the low-cost producer. A strategy is something you can touch; you can motivate people with; be number one and number two in every business. You can energize people around the message.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|My friend, when you always say "God is in control", while you have your feet on the brake pad, you are not going anywhere! Wise up!
Neil Simon|Faithful women are all alike, they think only of their fidelity, never of their husbands.
Gautama Buddha|Like a lamp, dispelling the darkness of ignorance
Sara Zarr, Story of a Girl|*Story of a Girl By:Sara Zarr*Lexile:760 SRC:12 pts.*Personal Issues*Choice of getting a job to move out*Major Choice*In Process of making it happen*It effects her bother his girlfriend and their baby, because they will move out with her too.*Sometimes we need to take choices that will make your life easier and also others.
James Rozoff, Seven Stones|I often hear people talk about how corrupt their politicians are, it makes me laugh because, the very same people who are complaining are just as corrupt. When they get to those same places of authority, they do exactly the same thing for which they were complaining against the previous politicians.
Sue Mallory, Equipping Church, The|Jesus did not command us to "develop" leaders. He commanded us to make "disciples". The world "develops" leaders, the Church "disciples" them. The two are not the same.
Edward Said, Orientalism|When trouble arise among faraway people, we remain tempted to hide behind the principle of national sovereignty, to "mind our own business" when it is convenient, and to think of democracy as a suit to be worn in fine weather but felt in the closet when clouds threaten.
Catherine Ryan Hyde|Heaven is eternal. The earth endures.The reason for heaven's eternity and earth's enduranceis that they do not live for themselves only, and thereby live forever.The sage steps back but remains in front,the outside always within.Self is realized through selflessness.
Sunday Adelaja|We need to teach our nation to detest any form of plots, insinuations, evil intrigues and violence.
Kerry Reichs|Looking at the stars is a glimpse of history. Some of the things we see are millions of light-years away. Everything in the universe has a past but stars don't try to hide it. They just keep shinning, for everyone to see.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|As long as you call on God, He will answer you.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|To take that risk, to offer life and remain alive, open yourself like this and become whole.
Elizabeth Gilbert|Faith is walking face-first and full-speed into the dark. If we truly knew all the answers in advance as to the meaning of life and the nature of God and the destiny of our souls, our belief would not be a leap of faith and it would not be a courageous act of humanity; it would just be... a prudent insurance policy.
Saadi|Roam abroad in the world, and take thy fill of its enjoyments before the day shall come when thou must quit it for good.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is better to lose friends than to lose your reputation, and better to lose riches than to lose your integrity.
Adrian McKinty, Police at the Station and They Don't Look Friendly|Hard times' is a phrase the English love to use, when speaking of Africa. And it is easy to forget that Africa's 'hard times' were made harder by them.
Stephen King, Dreamcatcher|Same shit, different day, he thinks, but now the joy is gone and the sadness is back, the sadness that feels like something deserved, the price of some not-quite-forgotten betrayal.
Adolf Hitler|As in everything, nature is the best instructor.
Thomas Ligotti, Songs of a Dead Dreamer and Grimscribe|I'm going to go pee. If the universe is bigger and stranger than I can imagine, it's best to meet it with an empty bladder.
Voltaire|Whatever government is not a government of laws, is a despotism, let it be called what it may
Terry Pratchett, The Last Hero|Do you really think that God in his heaven with all the angels, there from the beginning of time and looking towards the day of judgement day, really looks down on all the world and see's you and little harry and says 'whatever you choose to do is my will?' "Yes i do." she says uncertainly.
Banana Yoshimoto|The days I’d passed with my mom before she died were still there, it seemed, seared into the corners of my heart.The atmosphere of the station brought it all back. I could see myself running to the hospital, glad to be seeing my mother again. You never know you’re happy until later. Because physical sensations like smells and exhaustion don’t figure into our memories, I guess. Only the good bits bob up into view.I was always startled by the snatches of memory that I saw as happy, how they came.This time, it was the feeling I got when I stepped out onto the platform. The sense of what it had been like to be on my way to see my mom, for her still to be alive, if only for the time being, if only for that day. The happiness of that knowledge had come back to life inside me.And the loneliness of that moment. The helplessness.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|When he had ended, the holy hermit was a moment silent, then said: "My son, I have attended to thy story and I know the maiden. I have myself seen her, as have many. Know, then, that she is capricious for she imposeth conditions that man cannot fulfill, and delinquency is punished by desertion. She cometh only when unsought, and will not be questioned. One manifestation of curiosity, one sign of doubt, one expression of misgiving, and she is away!
Roy H. Williams|The Lamb's Club is going to be a luxury bar and grill; we're not doing an overly fancy restaurant. We wanted to make a space that people will come to every day, almost like a very high-end bistro.
Janet Beizer|He gave me the key, which I later discovered would open practically every door in the hotel. I thanked him, and I made a small mistake we irony collectors often make: I tried to share an irony with a stranger. It can’t be done. I told him I had been in the Arapahoe before—in Nineteen-hundred and Thirty-one. He was not interested. 
Yongey Mingyur, The Joy of Living: Unlocking the Secret and Science of Happiness|Ultimately, happiness comes down to choosing between the discomfort of becoming aware of your mental afflictions and the discomfort of being ruled by them.
April Genevieve Tucholke, Wink Poppy Midnight|If a lion kills a gazelle, the Universe does not judge the lion as evil and the gazelle as good. The energy and matter of the gazelle is transferred to the lion. Because we are all connected as one, what appears to be death is in fact transformation and rebirth.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|In life, all things are not constant or equal, the inequalities are so loud; change and uncertainty are the order of the day. It is these changes, inequalities and uncertainties that make it more imperative that you deliberately plan your way to success.
Thomas Hughes, Tom Brown at Oxford|Secularism drew a radical distinction between public and private life, in which religion, in any traditional sense, was relegated to the private sphere with no hold over public life. There are many charms in secularism, in particular the freedom to believe what you will in private. But secularism also poses a public problem. There are those whose beliefs are so different from others’ beliefs that finding common ground in the public space is impossible. And then there are those for whom the very distinction between private and public is either meaningless or unacceptable. The complex contrivances of secularism have their charm, but not everyone is charmed.
Periyar E.V. Ramasamy|I am a plain person. I have merely spoken out my mind. I do not say you should believe what I have said because it alone is certain. Accept such ideas as can be accepted, with the help of your reason, after a sound inquiry. Reject the rest.
Megan Wilson|The essential truth of life, he was coming to realize, wasn't romantic an took only two words to label: Shit. Happens.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Daybreak has extraordinary hypnotizing influence,On us, idealistic observers.When red sun slowly reveals on the rivers surface,like in a mirror,It reminds of two lovers embracing,Just by looking into each others eyes.In such deep and serious commitment,Without unnecessary words,That spoil the instant of confidence.Water is not stopping it's course,Neither does the sun.That's what makes it so exceptional,So magnificent.The only tie is their gentle admiration,As their love is greater than space separating.And who ever had the chance, to witness that, just once,Shouldn't say he haven't found God.
Abhijit Naskar, Either Civilized or Phobic: A Treatise on Homosexuality|Can you imagine, somebody telling you, your love for your dearly beloved is a sin! Can you imagine, somebody telling you, women are inferior to men, and are meant only serve the men! Can you imagine, somebody telling you, a man can have multiple wives, and yet be deemed civilized! Here that somebody is a fundamentalist ape - a theoretical pest from the stone-age, that somehow managed to survive even amidst all the rise of reasoning and intellect.
Mika Yamamori, ひるなかの流星 12 [Hirunaka no Ryuusei 12]|The virus seemed to be thriving on his misery, relentlessly tearing through his insides.Every day it made its rounds through his body. It started at his fingers, making them itch to touch her until he could almost feel her fleshy lips beneath his thumb, the silky strands of her hair sliding through his fingers. It would then move up to his arms, creating an urge to hold her, an urge that could not be fulfilled.Next it went for his eyes, causing him to see her everywhere, in every little thing. He would see her in the kitchen, making coffee. He would see her cuddled up on the sofa, watching T.V. He had to blink several times before he realised that she wasn’t really there. It would then move to his heart, ruthlessly choking it until it was so heavy and so sore, he could feel the pain of losing her in every beat.And then, finally, just as night fell, it would attack his brain, invoking images of her.Thoughts and memories and dreams. He could not take much more. It was slowly driving him insane. He could not break out of these shackles.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...with you, I find peace from pain - You are gentle and healing like the landscape—like rain...
E.E. Cummings, No Thanks|something genuine like a mark in a toilet, graced with guts and gutted with grace
Drishti Bablani|A relationship is a risk that your heart takes and your mind supports. Remember this enough so that when the risk unveils itself, it does not tear you apart. Forget it enough so that you can enjoy the beauty it brings today.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Always Coming Home|Human life is precious.’ ‘And human death is sacred. Or at least it should be – and would be, if we allowed it to be. In the short experience I have had, sitting with the dying, I can say that the last few hours are always peaceful, almost spiritual. Wouldn’t you call that a sacred time?
Kiran Desai, The Inheritance of Loss|Of one thing, though, she was sure: "I want to travel," she confessed.Books were making her restless. She was beginning to read, faster, more, until she was inside the narrative and the narrative inside her, the pages going by so fast, her heart in her chest - she couldn't stop... And pictures of the chocolaty Amazon, of stark Patagonia in the National Geographics, a transparent butterfly snail in the sea, even of an old Japanese house slumbering in the snow... - She found they affected her so much she could often hardly read the accompanying words - the feeling they created was so exquisite, the desire so painful.
Debasish Mridha|For a beautiful life, fill it with service and love.
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|No one knows for certain how much impact they have on the lives of other people. Oftentimes, we have no clue. Yet we push it just the same.
Kim van Alkemade, Orphan Number Eight|Built on the insubstantial foundation of our feelings, the life we had created together seemed a figment of our imaginations that dissolved into fairy dust in the face of something real, and deadly, like cancer.
Amanda Lindhout, A House in the Sky|By concentrating on what I was grateful for, I was able to stave off despair.
Zach Braff|When I have come to you, at last (as I have always done), I have come topeace and happiness. I come home, now, like a tired traveller, and findsuch a blessed sense of rest!
Richard Rogers|Architecture is a slow business, and city planning even slower.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To avoid enemies, say nothing; to avoid critics, do nothing; to avoid haters, be nothing; but to avoid mediocrity, ignore all.
Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms|Murder was in fact a fairly uncommon event in Ankh-Morpork, but there were a lot of suicides. Walking in the night-time alleyways of The Shades was suicide. Asking for a short in a dwarf bar was suicide. Saying 'Got rocks in your head?' to a troll was suicide. You could commit suicide very easily, if you weren't careful.
Mohith Agadi|Gender empowerment doesn't mean discrimination, It only means equality.
Luisa Natasha Parker, Natasha a Journey to Freedom, Love and Happiness|Where are You Now? I was there whilst you cried,I was there to comfort you with smile,I was there to give you a hand,when all faith was lost.I was there to open doors of opportunities,I was there to share my passion for life,I was there to feed you,when you were hungry.I was there to listen to your turmoil,I was there to lift your spiritwhen you were broken.I was there when you were ill and alone.I was there when you were betrayed,lied to and ridiculed.I was there to understand,to care and to share.I was there …to play, to sing, to dance,to write, to love, to create and innovate.I was there …Where are you now? …by Natasha Parker
James Patterson, Angel|And really, how insulting is it that to suggest that the best thing women can do is raise other people to do incredible things? I'm betting some of those women would like to do great things of their own.
Centex Security|Are you afraid from Burglar and want a tight security at low cost,Centex Security in Miami perfect for the business security which is wireless and easy to handle.
Michael R. LeGault|Intelligence, Kant reminds, is not so much a result of genius, rather it is a consequence of a determination to use it.
Kristine Scarrow, If This Is Home|I hope that when the characters in my novels dream beyond their current circumstance, it inspires the reader to do the same.
Alexander the Great|Every human - especially the most vulnerable, the unborn, the infirm, those ravaged by age and those desperate in despair - should be protected in law, loved, and told repeatedly of their incredible beauty and worth.
Tim Fargo|If you want a new tomorrow, then make new choices today.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|Thirteen days. Almost two weeks. And, just five days in, she had learned a fundamental truth about time: Like the accordion on which old Pashto songs were sometimes played, time stretched and contracted depending on his absence or presence.
Ryan Zinke|To every soul that knows how to pray, to every soul that by faith comes to Jesus, the true mercy seat, divine sovereignty wears no dark and terrible aspect but is full of love.
Malti Bhojwani, The Mind Spa Ignite Your Inner Life Coach|If others benefit through you getting what you desire most,it will have a positive impact on the world and only then will every atom of your being work with the universe to help it come into fruition.
Ransom Riggs, Hollow City|Every part of me is attuned to the work. I soak it up to my pores during the day, and at night - in the moments before I pass off into sleep - ideas explode into my head like fireworks.
Anonymous|In America, Amazon competes with yahoo and Google by competing with a gas station. Imagine if every price in QT was the same, but had a for sale sign beside higher prices, and you'll have either Amazon or Craiglist.
Pope John XXIII|A man ought to live so that everybody knows he is a Christian... and most of all, his family ought to know.
Debasish Mridha|Danger is real, fear is a choice
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|In an age of acceleration, nothing can be more exhilarating than going slow. And in an age of distraction, nothing is so luxurious as paying attention. And in an age of constant movement, nothing is so urgent as sitting still.
Louis L'Amour|I have three older brothers, and each one of them has chosen one of my parents' education. Two of them are actors, and the third is a doctor as my mother is.
Rachel Caine, Carpe Corpus|They came out in a dim, damp basement - a generic sort of place, full of moulding boxes. 'You take me to the nicest places,' Claire said, and sneezed.
William Shakespeare, Shakespeare's Sonnets|We are, largely, who we remember ourselves to be
Sergio de la Pava, A Naked Singularity|A pure democracy is generally a very bad government, It is often the most tyrannical government on earth; for a multitude is often rash, and will not hear reason.
Mary Wollstonecraft, A Vindication of the Rights of Woman|[I]f we revert to history, we shall find that the women who have distinguished themselves have neither been the most beautiful nor the most gentle of their sex.
Søren Kierkegaard, Fear and Trembling|Faith is a marvel, and yet no human being is excluded from it; for that in which all human life is united is passion, and faith is a passion.
Olivia Holt|If you don't have your friends and your family, what do you really have? You can have all the money in the world, but with no friends and no family, it's no good.
David Herbert Donald|I think it is quite dangerous for an organisation to think they can predict where they are going to need leadership. It needs to be something that people are willing to assume if it feels relevant, given the context of any situation.
Sunday Adelaja|Having the understanding of God, God’s ambassadors are able to bring a country out of crisis, change politics, business and economy
Nikki Rowe|Whatever you choose to do with your time on earth, do it passionately, follow the voice of your soul and don't focus some much on being interested in life, but being the interesting one full of life.
Shannon Huffman Polson, North of Hope: A Daughter's Arctic Journey|If a fox strangles a goose just to eat the brains, you wouldn’t say the fox killed the brains. You’d say the fox offed the goose.
Albert Einstein|Success is an absurd, erratic thing. She arrives when one least expects her and after she has come may depart again almost because of a whim.
John Grisham, Theodore Boone: Kid Lawyer|Who is going to teach fighting spirit to our kids if they are growing up watching us sitting in a comfortable zone in life.We got to wake up and fight it out in our areas of passion, and be an example for our kids.
Stefan Molyneux|Theres nothing more efficient than honesty and nothing more powerful than vulnerability because, vulnerability reveals everyone in your life who will abuse power immediately and almost irrevocably. Theres nothing weaker than hiding your vulnerability because, it means a refusal to stare at those who abuse power and see them for who they are which means they still have power and control over you. Nothing is stronger than vulnerability. Nothing more clarifying. Nothing is clearer than vulnerability, and if you hide who you are you are just making a tombstone of your everyday actions because you dont exist in hiding and you're letting the past rob you. Exercise the power of vulnerability. When you are vulnerable you are signaling to your system that the past is over and done! That you're no longer a victim! That you're no longer trapped in a destructive and abusive environment! vulnerability means it's over, it's done. The war is over but, if you continue to use the same defenses that you had in the past all you're telling your whole body is that the past is not over. Be vulnerable. Be honest. Be open and show your heart. That's the best way of telling your heart that the tigers are no longer in the grass. I'm telling you, just take it for a spin. Vulnerability and openness will get you what you want in your life and hiding will only get you the feeling of being prey from here until the end of your life.
Miguel Reynolds Brandao, The Sustainable Organisation - a paradigm for a fairer society: Think about sustainability in an age of technological progress and rising inequality|they'll reregulate within ten years. There'll be a string of crashes, and they'll do it. the free marketeers will scream, but the fact is, free markets don't provide safety. Only regulation does that. You want safe food, you better have inspectors. You want safe water, you better have an EPA. You want a safe stock market, you better have an SEC. And you want safe airlines, you better regulate them too. Believe me, they will.
Haruki Murakami|And once the storm is over, you won’t remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive. You won’t even be sure, whether the storm is really over. But one thing is certain. When you come out of the storm, you won’t be the same person who walked in. That’s what this storm’s all about.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|The revelation that he was merely human, and frightfully so, was beyond my power to forgive.
Oprah Winfrey|A friend is, as it were, a second self.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|Thousands of desires, each worth dying for...Many of them I have realized...yet I yearn for more...Why should my killer (lover) be afraid? No one will hold her responsible,For the blood which will continuously flow through my eyes all my life.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Reading, writing, and personal introspection will not protect us from hardship and suffering, but they might introduce us to critical thinking and expose us to what is good in humankind and beautiful in the world that we share with all of nature. Contemplative thought, especially that supplemented with reading literature and attempting to write our own replies to the echoing voices of writers whom preceded us provide us with the potentiality for change, the possibility of personal illumination that enables us to experience a heighted quality of life.
Lal Bahadur Shastri|If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, sir, should keep his friendship in a constant repair.
Sunday Adelaja|The actions of government, we are told, bear down only on imprudent souls who provoke them. The man who resigns himself and keeps silent is always safe. Reassured by this worthless and specious argument, we do not protest against the oppressors. Instead we find fault with the victims. Nobody knows how to be brave even prudentially. Everyone stays silent, keeping his head low in the self-deceiving hope of disarming the powers that be by his silence. People give despotism free access, flattering themselves they will be treated with consideration. Eyes to the ground, each person walks in silence the narrow path leading him safely to the tomb.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|One key habit I adopted is washing or sanitizing of hands every time, especially after using the toilet, before eating or handling food and whenever I go to visit someone in hospital and after leaving the hospital. Also use proper protective clothing in other circumstances like assisting ailing relatives and friends with communicable diseases.
Scott Brown|My attitude toward graduate students was different, I must say. I used graduate students as colleagues: I gave them the best problems to work on, and I encouraged them.
David J. Schwartz|Someday, men will visit ideas instead of places.
Chris  Cannon, Blackmail Boyfriend|I saw you the second I walked into the bar that night. I saw you and felt you were different.”His lips had moved so close to hers that if she edged forward a bit, his mouth would be on hers. “I’m actually not different,” she said, hating that her voice sounded all breathy and nervous. “I’m similar to lots of people. I can even list off a bunch of people who look like me. And these boots aren’t really kick-ass boots. I bought them because they were on the clearance rack.”A smile tugged at the corner of his mouth before his lips touched hers, and all her carefully constructed reasons as to why she’d never get involved with a man like Matt burned to ashes.
Teresa R. Funke, Bursts of Brilliance for a Creative Life blog|In times of trouble, people need artists. We create those spaces where their own pain and worry and sadness can rest, and where their broken hearts can hope again.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|True freedom is in not having a master, but in making the master your slave
Stormie Omartian, The Miracle of Christmas: 15 Inspirational Stories to Read Through the Advent Season|Mary knew God loved her. From the moment Gabriel appeared to her, Mary has a distinct sense that God’s presence was with her and His hand upon her. She didn’t understand everything that was happening, but she was certain that God would be with her through it all.
Plato|They deem him their worst enemy who tells them the truth. -Plato, philosopher (427-347 BCE)
J.T. Bock, A Surefire Way|Hell hath no fury like a queen scorned."......That would be the last time he made a crack about being a flamer to someone with a flamethrower for hands. Though he'd really lost it when Raven sang the lyric to Disco Inferno.
Katherine McIntyre, Waking for Winter|the intimacy of the kiss, that feeling of euphoria that comes with that kiss that is right and real, that kiss that swallows you up, starting from the curl in your toes to the fine hairs on the back of your neck, that kiss that leaves you panting for air, that makes each part of your body quiver as you melt against him, that makes you suck his bottom lip into your mouth with the overwhelming urge to bite it. Sometimes hard. That. That kind of kiss.
Dalai Lama XIV|I believe compassion to be one of the few things we can practice that will bring immediate and long-term happiness to our lives. I’m not talking about the short-term gratification of pleasures like sex, drugs or gambling (though I’m not knocking them), but something that will bring true and lasting happiness. The kind that sticks.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Dreams create hope, energy and passion and together reveal your hidden abilities and untapped potential
Tarsem Singh|Dot Hacker, to me, sounds like a collection of all my tastes. I hear four people trying to fill up as much space as they can.
Darcy Leech, From My Mother|I haven’t been able to pray with the same unquestioned simplicity of hope since Dustin passed. My childhood ended the day my brother died. The naive hope that a miracle would save him, that he would one day walk, that a disease was a blessing in my family – that hope died with him.
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|He could do with some lunch. Especially since that bastard Sloane gave his Cheesy Doodles away. What kind of guy does that? A bastard, that’s who. Did he not respect the male code of honor—thou shalt not steal another dude’s snacks?--Dex
Neil Simon|I LOVE living, I have some problems with my LIFE, but living is the best thing they've come up with so far.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Christians, saints of God, pray that the dew of heaven may fall on earth’s dry thirsty ground, and that righteousness may cover the earth as the waters cover the sea.
Joshua Foer, Moonwalking with Einstein: The Art and Science of Remembering Everything|I Came away from the U.S. Memory Championship eager to find out how Ed and Lukas did it. Were these just extraordinary individuals, pridigies from the long tail of humanity's bell curve, or was there something we could all learn from their talents?
John Stuart Mill|Coffee has always been a significant part of my life. For me, it's a chance to start my day and gather my thoughts - it's fuel for my creative process.
Josh Waitzkin, The Art of Learning: A Journey in the Pursuit of Excellence|The key to pursuing excellence is to embrace an organic, long-term learning process, and not to live in a shell of static, safe mediocrity. Usually, growth comes at the expense of previous comfort or safety.
Patricia Highsmith, Nothing That Meets the Eye: The Uncollected Stories of Patricia Highsmith|When you want to be alone, even few people around you will seem like a tremendous crowd to you!
Andrea Seigel|Teachers have a chance to mold someone, inspire them. I hope all teachers realize that.
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|To be or not to be, fucked up on whiskey, that is the question.
Christianity's Dangerous Idea: The Protestant Revolution: A History from the Sixteenth Century to the Twenty-First|Time has been given to us as a sacred covenant, that if wasted will haunt us throughout eternity, in the form of regret
Debasish Mridha|Opportunity is like a door; it is always open, but you have to be prepared to enter through it.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, Total Recall: My Unbelievably True Life Story|Keeping it simple, you have a vision of what you are to become and a strategy for making that happen.
Eric Bristow|Lighter computers and lighter sensors would let you have more function in a given weight, which is very important if you are launching things into space, and you have to pay by the pound to put things there.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|Doing fine, thank you, I would say, never knowing how to talk about what I do. If I could talk about it, I would not have to do it. I make art, sometimes I make true art, and sometimes it fills the empty places in my heart. Some of them. Not all.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|But I could control these flames. It was an irresistible urge, one that I didn’t want to ignore. - Aurora
Arefin Bashar Arif|Don't make your character that people can walk on it, make your character as sky so that people would dream to get there
Solange nicole|Beauty can be found in the most frightening of places. You just have to be open to the possibility that in truth, there's nothing to fear.
Gladys M. Hunt, Honey for a Woman's Heart: Growing Your World through Reading Great Books|Yes, happiness is dependent upon misery. For we all feel a swell of happiness after our circumstances improve from a misery recently suffered.
Eudora Welty|It was not a triumphal return. Home, as I had known it, was gone.
Sunday Adelaja|Your life goal and mission is to find your gift, become what you have been created to be and with your gift serve mankind, promoting advancement and influencing humanity
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Zen masters say you cannot see your reflection in running water, only in still water.
Dan Millman|Life is like Mother Nature - unpredictable. Friends /relatives who promise to help, will avoid you when you need them. Then, you struggle to get through and suddenly, some stranger walks in offering you the help you needed. The hope, the betrayal and the miracle...all are just part of our life...
Dada Bhagwan|Religion [dharma] originates where there is doer-ship [to do], Moksha [ultimate liberation] originates where there is understanding (to understand).
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Flashes of Thought|We may not live for hundreds of years, but the products of our creativity can leave a legacy long after we are gone.
Elizabeth Bard, Lunch in Paris: A Love Story, with Recipes|There’s something about taking the cart back instead of leaving it in the parking lot…It’s significant…Because somebody has to take them in…And if you know that, and you do it for that one guy, you do something else. You join the world…You move out of your isolation and become universal.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|A man can’t talk of true happiness if he has never known true love—the trusting, selfless and unconditional love that I took for granted.
Erik Von Markovik|We've decided that your birthday present will be a car", said Marion.Danny was touched. "But the thing I can't figure out is, why would I need a new car?""You can't very well gate a girl to the movies, Danny," Leslie replied."I think you're overlooking the biggest point here," said Danny. "I don't need a CAR so I can date. I need a GIRL.
Anthony Trollope, The Belton Estate|I hate the twaddle talk of love, whether it's about myself or about any one else. It makes me feel ashamed of my sex, when I find out that I cannot talk of myself to another woman without being supposed to be either in love or thinking of love, -- either looking for it or avoiding it. When it comes, if it comes prosperously, it's a very good thing. But I for one can do without it, and I feel myself injured when such a state of things is presumed to be impossible.
Kris Kidd, Down for Whatever|A room full of fags gives me the horrors. They jerk around like puppets on invisible strings, galvanized into hideous activity that is the negation of everything living and spontaneous. The live human being has moved out of these bodies long ago. But something moved in when the original tenant moved out.
Craig Ferguson|If we cant laugh at ourselves, do we have the right to laugh at others?
Carolyn Baker, Collapsing Consciously: Transformative Truths for Turbulent Times|Understanding the shadow masculine or shadow feminine in oneself iscrucial not only for enhancing one ’s own wholeness but for championingjustice between genders and all diverse groups in the community. If theshadow is not recognized and dealt with, it will dominate an individual or . . . community, resulting in untold suffering.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|I get sentimental over the music of the ’90s. Deplorable, really. But I love it all. As far as I’m concerned the ’90s was the best era for music ever, even the stuff that I loathed at the time, even the stuff that gave me stomach cramps.
G.A. Aiken, Dragon Actually|Any work is always improvable, you cannot really finish the work, you can only abandon it out of tiredness or incompetence.
Henri Cartier-Bresson|To me, the world and art of photography is to capture emotion, feelings and moments; and share it with the world.I master the art when I am capable of awaking emotion in other people through my images.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To achieve success, ignore doubt; fame, ignore haters; greatness, ignore fear; and immortality, ignore hardship.
Sara Naveed, Undying Affinity|All I ever wanted is you, Miss Zarish,” he said while pulling her closer to himself.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|In every dream you pursue, you attract its respective version of opposition. Going back will not solve any problem; Regrets will not change anything either; Feeling of Superiority over every obstacle should be your priority!
Ray Bradbury|The 'Net is a waste of time, and that's exactly what's right about it.
Thinking Out Loud|She could have risen from the ashes. Instead, she smoldered in the embers.
Iona Opie, Children's Games in Street and Playground: Chasing, Catching, Seeking, Hunting, Racing, Dueling, Exerting, Daring, Guessing, Acting, and Pretending|The literature of childhood abounds with evidence that the peaks of a child's experience are not visits to the cinema, or even family outings to the sea, but occasions when he escapes into places that are disused and overgrown and silent. To a child there is more joy in a rubbish tip than a flowery rockery, in a fallen tree than a piece of statuary, in a muddy track than a gravel path.
Robert  Herrick|Tumble me down, and I will sitUpon my ruines (smiling yet:)Teare me to tatters; yet I'le bePatient in my necessitie.Laugh at my scraps of cloathes, and shunMe, as a fear'd infection:Yet scarre-crow-like I'le walk as one,Neglecting thy derision.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Dark Bites|In movies, we are accustomed to seeing handsome actors. It's so commonplace on the screen, large or small, that we barely note it as extraordinary. But in life, rarely do we encounter an onslaught of beauty, entire a hive of handsomeness, find ourselves awash in an ocean of attractiveness, drowning in a miasma of hotness.
Jane Harper, The Dry|He avoided small talk at the best of times and this, unquestionably, was a million horrific miles from the best of times.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|The battle is always the same, just with different chapters.
Edgar A. Guest|He was just a small church parson when the	war broke out, and heLooked and dressed and acted like all parsons	that we see.He wore the cleric's broadcloth and he hooked	his vest behind.But he had a man's religion and he had a stong	man's mind.And he heard the call to duty, and he quit his	church and went.And he bravely tramped right with 'em every-	where the boys were sent.He put aside his broadcloth and he put the	khaki on;Said he'd come to be a soldier and was going	to live like one.Then he'd refereed the prize fights that the boys	pulled off at night,And if no one else was handy he'd put on the	gloves and fight.He wasn't there a fortnight ere he saw the sol-	diers' needs,And he said: "I'm done with preaching; this	is now the time for deeds."He learned the sound of shrapnel, he could tell	the size of shellFrom the shriek it make above him, and he knew	just where it fell.In the front line trench he laboured, and he knew	the feel of mud,And he didn't run from danger and he wasn't	scared of blood.He wrote letters for the wounded, and he cheered	them with his jokes,And he never made a visit without passing round the smokes.Then one day a bullet got him, as he knelt be-	side a ladWho was "going west" right speedy, and they	both seemed mighty glad,'Cause he held the boy's hand tighter, and he 	smiled and whispered low,"Now you needn't fear the journey; over there	with you I'll go."And they both passed out together, arm in arm	I think they went.He had kept his vow to follow everywhere the	boys were sent.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|If women understand by emancipation the adoption of the masculine role then we are lost indeed. If women can supply no counterbalance to the blindness of male drive the aggressive society will run to its lunatic extremes at ever-escalating speed. Who will safeguard the despised animal faculties of compassion, empathy, innocence and sensuality?
Lovelle Drachman|Blessed are the curious, for they shall have adventures.
Chris Bailey, The Productivity Project: Accomplishing More by Managing Your Time, Attention, and Energy|If you want to get a meaningful result: create something very complex, and then simplify it.
Sunday Adelaja|Commitment to ourselves, our families, and our business is paramount to being successful. Human should be committed to rolling out great products, services and initiatives that impact those personal and professionals encounters which cross our path.
Louise Penny, Bury Your Dead|You're not content in your position as a factory owner and a rich heiress, you don't believe in your right to it, and now you can't sleep, which, of course, is certainly better than if you were content, slept soundly, and thought everything was fine. Your insomnia is respectable; in any event, it's a good sign. In fact, for our parents such a conversation as we're having now would have been unthinkable; they didn't talk at night, they slept soundly, but we, our generation, sleep badly, are anguished, talk a lot, and keep trying to decide if we're right or not.- A Medical Case
Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium|Remember that I have power; you believe yourself miserable, but I can make you so wretched that the light of day will be hateful to you. You are my creator, but I am your master;--obey!
Ira Glass|When your car rattles when you drive, you know you are playing cool music.
William Bonner, Mobs, Messiahs, and Markets: Surviving the Public Spectacle in Finance and Politics|Who would appreciate such candor? No one. None of us really likes honesty. We prefer deception –but only when it is unabashedly flattering or artfully camouflaged. Groups seem to need to believe that they are superior to others and that they have a purpose greater than just passing along their genes to the next generation. Individuals seem to need similar delusions – about who they are and why they do what they do. They need heroes, however fraudulent… Studies show that people are more likely to accept the opinion of a confident con man than the cautious view of someone who actually knows what he is talking about. And professionals who form overconfident opinions on the basis of incorrect readings of the facts are more likely to succeed than their more competent peers who display greater doubt.What’s more, deception works best, according to studies by psychologists, when the person doing the deceiving is fool enough to be deceived, too; that is, when he believes his own lies. That is why incompetent leaders – who are naïve enough to fall for their own guff – are such a danger to civilized life. If they are modern leaders, they must also delude themselves into thinking they know how to make the world a better place. Invariably, the answers they propose to problems are ones that bubble up from their own vanity, the essence of which is to make the rest of the world look just like them!
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|The eyes, too, were reptilelike in glint and gaze. Yet at that instant, humbled and alert in their look, they were lit by one tiny human point, the window of a shriveled soul, poignant and selfembittered.
Jon Lovitz|My dad had been shortstop when he was in college, and you know, when you're a kid, you want to be just like your dad.
|We all go through struggles in life, but struggling with the same thing for the rest of your life, is definitely a choice you don't have to choose. Your true potential is far greater than your struggles, challenges and obstacles.
Michael Bassey Johnson|People live in different worlds. There's a rich world, there's a poor world, and there's an extremely poor. The one you dwell is determined by the outcome of your sacrifice.
