Henry Fielding|Fashion is the science of appearance, and it inspires one with the desire to seem rather than to be.
Karen Quan, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|My heart beats so hard, I feel like I have an earthquake inside of me. It's weighing me down and my hands shake with the need of safety and comfort.
Rucy Ban|Mom lies down next to me and we both stare at the ceiling in complete silence. “Boys are like candy,” she suddenly says. I grin. “Really, Mom? That’s your advice? Boys are like candy. What is that? Forrest Gump on teens?
Susan May Warren, Evergreen|Some pasts exist as a fog that rolls in and out of the present, formed not by air that condenses into mist but memories that condense into tiny doors that open to forgotten moments. Maybe you glance at a stranger on a crowded street who reminds you of a childhood friend or hear a song that was popular the first summer you fell in love, and in the space of that single beat of time you are flung backward to a who or when long past. And yet it is only for that one beat. Those tiny doors never remain open for long for most of us. They ensure our former times are kept as relics, and the dust upon them is wiped clean only occasionally
Maxine Hong Kingston, I Love a Broad Margin to My Life|Mostly writing requires massive dedication, a whole lot of time spent alone, way too much sitting, countless hours spent thinking hard, and unending and occasionally painful dedication to forming ideas and laboring over the production of sentences, paragraphs, scenes, dialogue, punctuation, and all the elements that go into writing a novel, a play, a screenplay, or a poem. When we're not writing, we're thinking, plotting, imagining, or editing, which can be far more tedious than cranking out first drafts.--Fire Up Your Writing Brain
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Take away your eyes from your past failures, current limitations, and future fears. Be hopeful, believe in yourself, be bold, and move on...
Neil  Hayes, When the Game Stands Tall, Special Movie Edition: The Story of the De La Salle Spartans and Football's Longest Winning Streak|Understatement has become part of the tradition. A proposal to build a history room to house the football team's memorabilia was immediately shelved when many former players complained. What makes this program so special is what you carry in your heart, they argued, not what you hang on the wall.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|It was our first time really talking to one another. We talked about the weather. Now, I dont like surface conversations about the weather. It seems to just be a way to have a polite conversation because there isn't really much else to say. Sometimes it's a way to buffer an awkward situation, or light enough of a topic to carry in passing and quickly abandon without anything left hanging. But this particular weather discussion was far from that. It was so eloquent. We talked about how the weather can inspire certain longings. It was laced with romantic intonations. You could sense the magnitude of how powerful this energy transfer between us in the climate we were existing in, already was and could be.
Harrish Sairaman|Money is never the cause of all evil, ignorance is!
Michael Grant, Eve & Adam|Everything that has existed, lingers in the Eternity.
Megan Miranda, All the Missing Girls|How difficult it must be to leave a place called home, along with all the bitter sweet memories attached, for someone special and later on visit the same place as a guest.
Moshe Dayan|This is going to be murder," Fransic whispered to Mr. Trimes. "Pure murder.""I'm glad to see your confidence returning, Mr. Tucket. Just a few minutes ago you were ready to give up. Now you're talking about killing him.""I meant it the other way.""Oh.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Dear Anonymous, I've got a secret I know you can keep it because you don't really exist....This is what shapes you, this is what makes you as authentic as you are fake.
Tina J. Richardson, I didnt mean it that way|She had not been herself for weeks, yet no one noticed. She knew this feeling, it creeps up like sliding slowly into the darkness. Some days she clung on, other days she let herself slip further.
Ruth Reichl, Delicious!|It was a mating dance only slightly more dignified than presenting like a mandrill, but endearing in its own fashion.
Aaron Sorkin, The Newsroom Script Episode 1|Arnold had never given much thought to whether or not he loved America—but now it seemed pretty obvious to him that he didn’t. Not in the way Nathan Hale had loved America. Or even in the way his late father, a Dutch-Jewish refugee, had loved America. In fact, he found the idea of sacrificing his life for his country somewhat abhorrent. Moreover, it wasn’t that he disliked abstract loyalties in general. He loved New York, for instance: Senegalese takeout at three a.m., and strolling through the Botanical Gardens on the first crisp day of autumn, and feeding the peacocks at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine. If Manhattan were invaded—if New Jersey were to send an expeditionary force of militiamen across the Hudson River—he’d willingly take up arms to defend his city. He also loved Sandpiper Key in Florida, where they owned a time-share, and maybe Brown University, where he’d spent five years of graduate school. But the United States? No one could mistake his qualified praise for love.
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|No: I shall not marry Samuel Fawthrop Wynne.""I ask why? I must have a reason. In all respects he is more than worthy of you."She stood on the hearth; she was pale as the white marble slab and cornice behind her; her eyes flashed large, dilated, unsm
Justin Chon|I tend to play strong characters and people just assume that I would want to play romantic comedies, which I would love to do, but there are other women that do it so great and they maybe couldn't do what I do, play the kind of characters that I play.
Craig Keener|Spiritual mentors or peers who are mature in their relationship with God and whose present walk with God we trust can seek God with us and provide us with a sort of “safety net.” If we feel the Spirit is leading us to do something but recognize that much is at stake if we are wrong, we may do well to talk the matter over with other mature Christians. Proverbs advised rulers that wisdom rests in a multitude of counselors, and that advice remains valid for us as well. In the end, we may not always settle on the counsel others give us—like us, they too are fallible—but if they are diligent students of the Scriptures and persons of prayer, we should humbly consider their counsel.
Sami Abouzid|I’m so proud of my soundtrack ….. Unfaithful a real amazing work of art …..I wanted to create it a long time ago ….but now it sounds magical, a musical Gem
Lailah Gifty Akita|If want to Hide your secretsYou will trust least possible,So, I prefer my own self
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|The magic in writing is not so much using your imagination as it is allowing the reader to uses theirs. When I write a novel I’m not going to hand walk you through each scene. Avid readers tend to have very high IQ’s so I’m constantly aware of, and respect that. I have a tendency to give my readers vivid descriptions of panoramic viewpoints, soft breezes, and the late evening as it scrapes against the emerging night and present this step by suspenseful step. Once I get them to the threshold of that unseen cliff, I shove them off and say, take it from there.
Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom|What multiplies is only up to us. Whether it is kindness that multiplies; or unkindness. Whether it is goodwill that multiplies; or bad intentions. Whether it is love that multiplies; or fear. Whether it is truth that multiplies; or doubt. What multiplies in our own minds, in our relationships with other people, in our relationship with our perspectives about the rest of the world, in our relationship with God, in our outlooks and in our hearts— it’s all up to us. The power of multiplication is in our own hands. What you magnify upon will in fact become your reality.
Jeffrey Dean Morgan|There's nothing in the world more silent than the telephone the morning after everybody pans your play. It won't ring from room service; your mother won't be calling you. If the phone has not rung by 8 in the morning, you're dead.
Sam Harris, The End of Faith: Religion, Terror, and the Future of Reason|Could there be any doubt that the Jews would seek to harm the Son of God again, knowing that his body was now readily accessible in the form of defenseless crackers?
Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives|If you don't get what you want, you suffer; if you get what you don't want, you suffer; even when you get exactly what you want, you still suffer because you can't hold on to it forever.
Sunday Adelaja|God doesn’t want us to sit idle and simply enjoy His presence, he wants a close relationship with Him
Troy Denning, Pages of Pain|It was the perfect set. Theseus gave a great war cry and brought his sword arcing up toward Sheba’s throat - but the monster of the labyrinth lives inside us all. She is the dark, devouring hunger that is never sated, the creeping shadow that ever plays the fiend to our seraphim, the secret rage hidden in our hearts; deny her, and we become her slaves; fight her, and we make her invincible. By now, you must know that no monster can ever be killed, not really - […]
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|Simply put, mind power is placing a request, or a wish, if you will, and trusting that somehow it will come to be.
John F. Kennedy|We are fast approaching the stage of the ultimate inversion: the stage where the government is free to do anything it pleases, while the citizens may act only by permission; which is the stage of the darkest periods of human history, the stage of rule by brute force.
Joanne Harris, Chocolat|It is often said that mankind needs a faith if the world is to be improved. In fact, unless the faith is vigilantly and regularly checked by a sense of man's fallibility, it is likely to make the world worse. From Torquemada to Robespierre and Hitler the men who have made mankind suffer the most have been inspired to do so have been inspired to do so by a strong faith; so strong that it led them to think their crimes were acts of virtue necessary to help them achieve their aim, which was to build some sort of an ideal kingdom on earth.
Richard LaGravenese|A handful of older, romantic leading men, like Sean Connery, Jack Nicholson, and Robert Redford are still landing parts.
Deyth Banger|In this view, man is an energy-convertingorganism who must exert his manipulative powers, who must damage his world in some ways, who must make it uncomfortable for others, etc., by his own nature as an active being. He seeks self-expansionfrom a very uncertain power base. Even if man hurtsothers, it is because he is weak and afraid, not because he is confident and cruel. Rousseau summed up this point of view with the idea that only the strong person can be ethical, not the weak one.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Spring, love, happiness! Are you not weary of that stupid, meaningless, constantly repeated fraud? Always the same and always a fraud! There is no spring, no sun, no happiness!
Lailah Gifty Akita|In any career, there is a moment when you are no longer need to be pushed up from below, but rather pulled up from above. Know when that moment comes and adjust your strategy accordingly.
Todd Stocker|I wanted to figure out why I was so busy, but I couldn't find the time to do it.
Jason T. Rogers|We all want to feel peace, and it is always available to us when we can let go of past hurts, hope for future successes, and be grateful for the moment we are living now.
Jerzy Kosiński|I always have a sense of trembling, but so does a compass, after all.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|Conversely, I though humiliation would be everything, but it´s such a nothing.
Karl Barth, The Humanity of God|Thus in this oneness Jesus Christ is the Mediator, the Reconciler, between God and man. Thus He comes forward to MAN on behalf of GOD calling for and awakening faith, love and hope, and to GOD on behalf of MAN, representing man, making satisfaction and interceding. Thus He attests and guarantees to God's free GRACE and at the same time attests and guarantees to God man's free GRATITUDE.
Mother Teresa|I love, but I am not entirely sure how to be loved: how to be seen and known for the utterly flawed woman I am. It demands surrender. It demands acknowledging that I am not perfect, but perhaps I deserve affection anyway.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|For years and years, even during the time of my first visit in 1962, it has been said that Calcutta was dying, that its port was silting up, its antiquated industry declining, but Calcutta hadn't died. It hadn't done much, but it had gone on; and it had begun to appear that the prophecy has been excessive. Now it occurred to me that perhaps this was what happened when cities died. They don't die with a bang; they didn't die only when they were abandoned. Perhaps, they died like this: when everybody was suffering, when transport was so hard that working people gave up jobs they needed because the fear the suffering of the travel; When no one had clean water or air; No one could go walking. Perhaps city died when they lost amenities that cities provided, the visual excitement, the heightened sense of human possibility, and became simply places where there were too many people, and people suffered.
Lev Grossman|Lollipop had been her nickname for me as long as I could remember. I asked her how she came up with the name, and she told me sometimes kids are sweet, and sometimes they just need a good lickin'.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Look up on a starry night, and you will see the majesty and power of an infinite Creator.
Dada Bhagwan|Here’, I am a disciple just as you are. The one you see is not ‘Dada Bhagwan’; it is ‘A. M. Patel’, a Patidaar from the town of Bhadran. The one sitting within is ‘Dada Bhagwan’. ‘I’ myself make everyone do jai jai kar of Dada Bhagwan [sing praise of Dada Bhagwan]. Therefore, ‘I’ too am a devotee, as are you.
Steve Maraboli|But the truth is that I'm gloomy - gloomier than I ever was during the war. Everything is so broken, Sophie: the roads, the buildings, the people. Especially the people.
James M. Barrie|Mormons... are so strong, they can handle wealth, they are confident. I think it is because they are not bogged down by rules for equality, but have a firmly defined system of relative status and responsible command.
John Green|Reading with an eye towards metaphor allows us to become the person we’re reading about, while reading about them. That’s why there is symbols in books and why your English teacher deserves your attention. Ultimately, it doesn’t matter if the author intended the symbol to be there because the job of reading is not to understand the author’s intent. The job of reading is to use stories as a way into seeing other people as a we ourselves.
Wynne McLaughlin, The Bone Feud|I want the real story, the one that won’t make it into the history books or the scientific journals.”“And you think I’m the man to tell it, do you?”“If you were actually there, you are most definitely the person to tell it. You’re absolutely right. There have been plenty of stories. The trouble is, every account is different. Most of them are second or third hand. I don’t know . . . I guess I figured, maybe since you weren’t in such a rush to tell your version, it might be the closest to the truth.”Garvey chuckled heartily. “Well, I can’t argue with that logic, son. Despite my choice of reading materials . . .” he nodded towards the adventure novel he’d set down, a recent translation of the French novel by Jules Verne, A Journey to the Center of the Earth, “I’ve never been one for unnecessary embellishment. You want the God’s honest truth? In this particular case, there’s no need. It’s a hell of a goddamn story.” I was already flipping open a notebook and licking the tip of a sharpened pencil to take notes. I may have been salivating.
Thomas R. Steagald, Every Disciple's Journey: Following Jesus to a God-Focused Faith|If you go through life making every decision based on what issafest, you will look back one day and discover that you have missed out on the best. Allowing fear to run your life will only rob you of your future.
Morgan Fairchild|A placebo is a phony cure that works. This is very hard for the medical profession to get their teeth around because they hate placebos, but scientifically, placebos work in about 30% of cases that are psychogenic diseases.
S.A. Tawks, Mule|In my defence, I did like my ex until she cheated on me. I just thought the feeling was love.
Renee Dyer, Waking Up|I can't take this pain away for her. I can't make it better. It's all I want to do - make it better - make her feel better, but I understand grief. It's a bitch. Grief has to work itself out. It can either consume you or you can move on and at this point it's consuming her.
Marissa Meyer, Cress|Jacin said nothing else. Neither did she. After the first ring was completed, she leaned her head against his thigh, making herself more comfortable as she picked out a sunburst orange. Overhead, Jacin sighed, and she felt the faintest brush of fingertips against her hair. A hint, a suggestion of togetherness, before he became a statue once more.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|You know what is the problem with trust??It really stops the conversation, because you take the things for granted,Things value less to you because you know that, that thing is going to be there for you, no matter what,You stop talking about love because you believe that you've got the saturation point in your relationship,And you've got her completely,And that is the problem. You don’t own her,Because sometimes love is not enough,And bad is strong to iterate itself with you,It is much stronger to come back.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|By [Christ’s] resurrection life, He gives us the power over the tendency to sin as we allow Him to control our lives.
Bernie Siegel|I looked long and carefully at the picture of a stag painted by Landseer - the style was good, and the brush was handled with fine effect; but he fails in copying Nature, without which the best work will be a failure.
Susan Sontag|Science fiction films are not about science. They are about disaster, which is one of the oldest subjects of art.
Kyle Idleman|We expect God to be an angry father who demands justice, but through Jesus, He gives us love and grace when we don't deserve it.
Sigmund Freud, New Introductory Lectures on Psychoanalysis|I have, as it were, constructed a lay-figure for the purposes of a demonstration which I desired to be as rapid and as impressive as possible.
Anton Chekhov, The Complete Short Stories of Anton Chekhov|In short, the man displayed a constant and insurmountable impulse to wrap himself in a covering, to make himself, so to speak, a case which would isolate him and protect him from external influences. Reality irritated him, frightened him, kept him in continual agitation, and, perhaps to justify his timidity, his aversion for the actual, he always praised the past and what had never existed; and even the classical languages which he taught were in reality for him goloshes and umbrellas in which he sheltered himself from real life.
John Connolly, The Book of Lost Things|I believe in those whom I love and trust. All else is foolishness. This god is as empty as his church. His followers choose to attribute all of their good fortune to him, but when he ignores their pleas or leaves them to suffer, they say only that he ignores their pleas or leaves them to suffer, they say only that he is beyond their understanding and abandon themselves to his will. What kind of god is that?
James Anthony Froude|We read the past by the light of the present, and the forms vary as the shadows fall, or as the point of vision alters.
Gyalwa Dokhampa, The Restful Mind|It is important to be considerate of the future, but when we invest all of our present in our future hopes, we are placing a lot of value on what is inevitably in doubt.
Lee Benson, The Concept Of Jacksonian Democracy: New York As A Test Case|History never repeats itself, historians do.
Heather K. O'Hara, The Path of Songs: A Gift for the Soul|It is in the last step that one finds the unfathomable beginning; it is in the aloneness that one discovers himself never alone; it is in the deep silence that one hears the hidden music—the chant of eternity, the illuminated whisper of love.
Kristen Callihan, Firelight|He seemed like the sort to have a vast arsenal of smirks, shaped over a decade of nonverbal conversation.
Gary Paulsen, Mr. Tucket|I am not a one-issue voter in the sense that indicates I am an ignorant fundamentalist who only cares about one thing. I believe in protecting the environment. I believe in caring for the poor, the orphan, the widow in her distress. These are some of the so-called "issues" that many of us use to justify voting for Obama. How can we possibly claim it is Christian love for the poor and helpless that motivates us to vote for such a man when he is so committed to the killing of the most helpless among us?
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|It's about a girl who is on the cusp of becoming someone.. A girl who may not know what she wants right now, and she may not know who she is right now, but who deserves the chance to find out.
Frank Herbert, Children of Dune|The child who refuses to travel in the father's harness, this is the symbol of man's most unique capability. "I do not have to be what my father was. I do not have to obey my father's rules or even believe everything he believed. It is my strength as a human that I can make my own choices of what to believe and what not to believe, of what to be and what not to be.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|The value of time lies in its brevity. To use it effectively, you must know its value.
Julie James, It Happened One Wedding|We obviously both have our pasts, but that’s not important right now. I don’t have to know every bad thing you ever did in your life to know that you’re a good guy now. People change, grow up, get smarter, move on. In ten years I could be completely different, but I’ll never be the person I was yesterday, or even this morning. I don’t want to be. I want to try to be better with each second I’m alive.” —SHEA
Kat O'Keeffe|They take their drama firsthand, in the real world, while I prefer the drama of fictional characters–in worlds where things happen for a reason, where questions are answered, where conflicts are always resolved.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|The Council agrees," Zeus said. "Percy Jackson, you will have one gift from the gods."I hesitated. "Any gift?"Zeus nodded grimly. "I know what you will ask. The greatest gift of all. Yes, if you want it, it shall be yours. The gods have not bestowed this gift on a mortal hero in many centuries, but, Perseus Jackson-if you wish it-you shall be made a god. Immortal. Undying. You shall serve as your father's lieutenant for all time."I stared at him, stunned. "Um...a god?"Zeus rolled his eyes. "A dimwitted god, apparently. But yes. With the consensus of the entire Council, I can make you immortal. Then I will have to put up with you forever.""Hmm," Ares mused. "That means I can smash him to a pulp as often as I want, and he'll just keep coming back for more. I like this idea.
Kenneth Eade, To Russia for Love|Last night I walked for hours. It was as if I wanted to get lost down some unknown street. To get absolutely and happily lost. But there are moments when we can’t, when we don’t know how to lose our way. Even if we always go in the wrong direction. Even if we lose all our points of reference. Even if it begins to grow late and we feel the weight of morning as we advance. There are times when no matter how we try to find out what we don’t know, we can’t lose our way. And perhaps we long for the time when we could be lost. The time when all the streets were new.
Charles   Lee|Believe it or not, I'm stronger than any belief, stereotype, profile, or idea you have of me. I'm driven and self-made with a perception unique to my own. You'll hate that and say I'm not special. I'll allow you to believe it because deep down, you already know I am. My name's Charles Lee. Bound for greatness. Destined to soar.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Time possesses emotional potency. For persons whom suffer from of bereavement, time possesses a healing capacity. Passage of time cures heartache by dimming the mind’s attunement to painful occurrences. For some people, the passage of time is akin to placing a welcomed physical boundary between themselves and past horrors. Passage of time allows us to forget and the ability to forget is medicinal. Time acts as a mental barrier between our present mental state and the pain that we once felt.
Algernon Blackwood, The Willows|When common objects in this way be come charged with the suggestion of horror, they stimulate the imagination far more than things of unusual appearance; and these bushes, crowding huddled about us, assumed for me in the darkness a bizarre grotesquerie of appearance that lent to them somehow the aspect of purposeful and living creatures. Their very ordinariness, I felt, masked what was malignant and hostile to us.
Robin Benway, Emmy & Oliver|...I turned the music back on and reached to turn off my lamp, trying not to think about anything for a few minutes. That's always impossible, though. It's easier to stop breathing than it is to stop thinking.
Tamora Pierce, Bloodhound|There is only one basic human right, the right to do as you damn well please. And with it comes the only basic human duty, the duty to take the consequences.
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Don Quixote|In any case, Cide Hamete Benengeli was a very careful historian, and very accurate in all things, as can be clearly seen in the details he relates to us, for although they are trivial and inconsequential, he does not attempt to pass over them in silence; his example could be followed by solemn historians who recount actions so briefly and succinctly that we can barely taste them, and leave behind in the inkwell, through carelessness, malice, or ignorance, the most substantive part of the work.
C.J. Milbrandt, Inside the Tree: A Ewan Johns Adventure|You know, I don’t think your brother dislikes you as much as you think. After all, he gave up a kingdom to stay with his family.
Uma Nnenna|After writing, there is the letting go part. Perfection is a myth; as we all get better by day.Allow yourself to grow in active practice, release that book to the world, and do better with the next one.
Jennifer McMahon, Don't Breathe a Word|Beautiful building,” Phoebe said. Sam nodded. “Classical Revival,” he said. It was yet another display of his seemingly unending knowledge that both made her proud and made her feel very small. Maybe if she had gone to college she would have learned about building styles and understand what Classical Revival meant. They could have intelligent discussions about things like rooflines and columns.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|Kiss a lover, Dance a measure, Find your name And buried treasure. Face your life, It's pain, It's pleasure, Leave no path untaken.
Cal Newport, Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World|This concept upends the way most people think about their subjective experienceof life. We tend to place a lot of emphasis on our circumstances, assuming that whathappens to us (or fails to happen) determines how we feel. From this perspective, thesmall-scale details of how you spend your day aren’t that important, because whatmatters are the large-scale outcomes, such as whether or not you get a promotion ormove to that nicer apartment. According to Gallagher, decades of research contradictthis understanding. Our brains instead construct our worldview based on what we payattention to. If you focus on a cancer diagnosis, you and your life become unhappy anddark, but if you focus instead on an evening martini, you and your life become morepleasant—even though the circumstances in both scenarios are the same. As Gallaghersummarizes: “Who you are, what you think, feel, and do, what you love—is the sum ofwhat you focus on.
Rico Alejandro Fenix|Holy faith, holy courage.
Virginia Woolf|Wherever you are, be there. If you can be fully present now, you’ll know what it means to live.
Viggo Mortensen|The basis of your life is absolute freedom, the goal is joy, and the result of that perfect combination is motion forward, or growth. Your goal is to find objects of attention that let your cork raise.
Jamie Farrell, Smittened|One of these days, I won't have a painful deadline! That's a lie, I probably always will.
A. Merc Rustad, The Best American Science Fiction and Fantasy 2015|How to tell your pretend-boyfriend and his real boyfriend that your internal processors are failing:1. The biological term is depression, but you don't have an official diagnostic (diagnosis) and it's a hard word to say. It feels heavy and stings your mouth. Like when you tried to eat a battery when you were small and your parents got upset.2. Instead, you try to hide the feeling. But the dark stain has already spilled across your hardwiring and clogged your processor. You don't have access to any working help files to fix this. Tech support is unavailable for your model. (No extended warranty exists.)3. Pretend the reason you have no energy is because you're sick with a generic bug.4. You have time to sleep. Your job is canceling out many of your functions; robots can perform cleaning and maintenance in hotels for much better wage investment, and since you are not (yet) a robot, you know you will be replaced soon.5. The literal translation of the word depression: you are broken and devalued and have no further use.6. No one refurbishes broken robots.7. Please self-terminate.
Christopher Hitchens|Those of us who write and study history are accustomed to its approximations and ambiguities. This is why we do not take literally the tenth-hand reports of frightened and illiterate peasants who claim to have seen miracles or to have had encounters with messiahs and prophets and redeemers who were, like them, mere humans. And this is also why we will never submit to dictation from those who display a fanatical belief in certainty and revelation.
Euginia Herlihy|If you’re always grateful for what you have, then you will always be happy. The greatest reason for misery and unhappiness today is because of dissatisfaction, complaining, and being ungrateful for the things we have.
Jessica Livingston, Founders at Work: Stories of Startups' Early Days|Technology is the idol of our age. The Bible describes the evils of worshipping things built by the hand of man. Back then, it was a simple statue, today it is far more insidious. And for every problem technology creates, we look to technology for solutions.
Lev Vygotsky|I think art is not an ornament or refinement at the fringes of human intelligence, I think it's at the center. It's at the core.
Serena Winter, The Zodiac Turner: The Five Trials|You'll always meet someone new, encounter something odd. That's the peculiar thing about life. Everything will make sense after it happens in the end. Everything will be clear, fresh, as if looking through glass. Crazy, isn't it?
Frédéric Gros, A Philosophy of Walking|This time, there’s no question of freeing yourself from artifice to taste simple joys. Instead there is the promise of meeting a freedom head-on as an outer limit of the self and of the human, an internal overflowing of a rebellious Nature that goes beyond you. Walking can provoke these excesses: surfeits of fatigue that make the mind wander, abundances of beauty that turn the soul over, excesses of drunkenness on the peaks, the high passes (where the body explodes). Walking ends by awakening this rebellious, archaic part of us: our appetites become rough and uncompromising, our impulses inspired. Because walking puts us on the vertical axis of life: swept along by the torrent that rushes just beneath us. What I mean is that by walking you are not going to meet yourself. By walking, you escape from the very idea of identity, the temptation to be someone, to have a name and a history. Being someone is all very well for smart parties where everyone is telling their story, it’s all very well for psychologists’ consulting rooms. But isn’t being someone also a social obligation which trails in its wake – for one has to be faithful to the self-portrait – a stupid and burdensome fiction? The freedom in walking lies in not being anyone; for the walking body has no history, it is just an eddy in the stream of immemorial life.
bell hooks, Talking Back: Thinking Feminist, Thinking Black|Individuals who speak languages other than English, who speak patois as well as standard English, find it a necessary aspect of self-affirmation not to feel compelled to chose one voice over another, not to claim one as more authentic but rather to construct social realities that celebrate, acknowledge and affirm differences, variety.
Paula Hawkins, The Girl on the Train|Aelin hissed, "Need I remind you Captain, that you went to Endovier and did not blink at the slaves and the mass graves? Need I remind you that I was starved and chained and you let Duke Perrington force me to the ground at Dorian's feet while you did nothing? And now you have the nerve to accuse me of not caring, when many of the people in this city have profited off the blood and misery of the very people you ignored?
Dave Donovan, The Gift|Unfettered is an anthology filled with magic, wonderment, and hope. It is more than it's combined stories, though. It is the power of friendship. Of giving. Of a science-fiction and fantasy community that protects its own. Of humanity escaping the ugliness that often plagues it to instead create a testament to the goodness found in every heart.
Wes Adamson|As the years go by, it’s our relationships that will leave us the best memories to celebrate endlessly.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Unless humanity gives top priority to the space science, there will be no future for the humanity!
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|War must always be done out of sight, it shocks people and they stop immediately.
Jay Chiat|You don't want too much fear in a market, because people will be blinded to some very good buying opportunities. You don't want too much complacency because people will be blinded to some risk.
Joseph Conrad|The Internet has given us 10 or 15 new styles of communication: long messages like blogging, and then short messages like texting and tweeting. I see it all as part of an expanding array of linguistic possibilities.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|Honesty can be painful, but it's always better than bullshit.
John Green, Paper Towns|What about the rest of your life?"She shrugged. "What about it?""Aren't you worried about, like, forever?""Forever is composed of nows," she says.
Ingrid Ancona|When creativity is running rampant, it is imperative that we get carried away by it never knowing what we will create or whom we will inspire!
Richie Norton|When you travel, somehow, the world gets both bigger and smaller, simultaneously.
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|I wanted to go on sitting there, not talking, not listening to the others, keeping the moment precious for all time, because we were peaceful all of us, we were content and drowsy even as the bee who droned above our heads. In a little while it would be different, there would come tomorrow, and the next day and another year. And we would be changed perhaps, never sitting quite like this again. Some of us would go away, or suffer, or die, the future stretched away in front of us, unknown, unseen, not perhaps what we wanted, not what we planned. This moment was safe though, this could not be touched. Here we sat together, Maxim and I, hand-in-hand, and the past and the future mattered not at all. This was secure, this funny little fragment of time he would never remember, never think about again…For them it was just after lunch, quarter-past-three on a haphazard afternoon, like any hour, like any day. They did not want to hold it close, imprisoned and secure, as I did. They were not afraid.
James MacDonald|The trout fisher, like the landscape painter, haunts the loveliest places of the earth, and haunts them alone. Solitude and his own thoughts—he must be on the best terms with all of these; and he who can take kindly the largest allowance of these is likely to be the kindliest and truest with his fellow men.
Gina Lake, What about Now?: Reminders for Being in the Moment|Try giving up all the thoughts that make you feel bad, or even just some of them, and see how doing that changes your life. You don't need negative thoughts. All they have ever given you was a false self that suffers. They are all lies.
Tiberius|When I was in first grade, everyone made fun of my name, of course. I think it's kind of a big name to hold up when you're nine years old. It seemed goofy. I used to tell people I wanted to change the world and they used to think, 'This kid's really weird'.
Carl Sandburg|New needs need new techniques. And the modern artists have found new ways and new means of making their statements... the modern painter cannot express this age, the airplane, the atom bomb, the radio, in the old forms of the Renaissance or of any other past culture.
Faiqa Mansab, THIS House of Clay and Water|I had never said those words because there were no words left. My beloved and I were both exiles from language. Our love couldn't be expressed in words. Our love had been woven into the melodies rendered by his flute, and it was subsumed in the atoms of the air we breathed. It had been consecrated in this shrine. It had never been named. It was an unnamed thing that had remained unspoken, unuttered, unsaid. I did not need to name it when he could already hear it.
Molly Ringle, Relatively Honest|Art has one purpose, that is to leave you changed. Love has one purpose, that is to create art.
Joan Steinau Lester, Black, White, Other: In Search of Nina Armstrong|Funny how an absence can feel like a presence, like that space practically glows with her outline and make me notice how she's not here.
Mary Oliver|DogfishI wantedThe past to go away, I wantedTo leave it, like another country; I wantedMy life to close, and openLike a hinge, like a wing, like the part of the song Where it fallsDown over the rocks: an explosion, a discovery; I wanted To hurry into the work of my life; I wanted to know,Whoever I was, I wasAliveFor a little while.…mostly, I want to be kind.And nobody, of course, is kind,Or mean,For a simple reason.And nobody gets out of it, having to Swim through the fires to stay inThis world.
Catullus|I slay dragons at night while you sleep. I see by the way your face contorts how they exist in your dreams. Willing a magic sword, I plunge into your deepest nightmares and swing at the beasts with all my might, dodging flames exhaled by monsters that would eat me alive to go on torturing the fair one I love. I see your face relax, eyes still drowsily closed, when the mighty dragon is slain. It may be that my fingers rub soft circles on your forehead as I imagine my brave fight as a knight reclaiming your dreams. You smile under the spell of my touch, and I am rewarded. And so, my love, as I await the dawn, I stand ready to slay dragons while you sleep.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Hold it right there. The only agreement we ever had was that you intended to make me as miserable as possible, and I intended to courageously make the best of an intolerable situation like valiant Southern women have always done.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You must always see your loneliness as an opportunity to meet something good unexpected, something new unknown before, something interesting not happened yet!
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Flashes of Thought|Everybody starts small. We all begin life as a single cell. Every business starts as one person with an idea. How fast you go, how far you get, is in your hands. The bigger your vision, the bigger your achievement will be. Will you stumble on the way? Perhaps, but we cannot let fear keep us small. We have to be brave to be big.
Hermann Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund|I call that man awake who, with conscious knowledge and understanding, can perceive the deep unreasoning powers in his soul, his whole innermost strength, desire and weakness, and knows how to reckon with himself.
Paula Reed, Hester: The Missing Years of the The Scarlet Letter|MCMXIVThose long uneven linesStanding as patientlyAs if they were stretched outsideThe Oval or Villa Park,The crowns of hats, the sunOn moustached archaic facesGrinning as if it were allAn August Bank Holiday lark;And the shut shops, the bleachedEstablished names on the sunblinds,The farthings and sovereigns,And dark-clothed children at playCalled after kings and queens,The tin advertisementsFor cocoa and twist, and the pubsWide open all day--And the countryside not caring:The place names all hazed overWith flowering grasses, and fieldsShadowing Domesday linesUnder wheat's restless silence;The differently-dressed servantsWith tiny rooms in huge houses,The dust behind limousines;Never such innocence,Never before or since,As changed itself to pastWithout a word--the menLeaving the gardens tidy,The thousands of marriages,Lasting a little while longer:Never such innocence again.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|The paper landed on the table, but the news was stapled to his chest. A tattoo.
Orson Welles|...and he smiled a lot. The smile did not mean that he was happy. It meant he was stronger than most people, and that he intended to take advantage of it.
Nicholas Sparks, The Wedding|Yes, I decided, a man can truly change. The events of the past year have taught me much about myself, and a few universal truths. I learned, for instance, that while wounds can be inflicted easily upon those we love, it's often much more difficult to heal them. Yet the process of healing those wounds provided the richest experience of my life, leading me to believe that while I've often overestimated what I could accomplish in a day, I had underestimated what I could do in a year. But most of all, I learned that it's possible for two people to fall in love all over again, even when there's been a lifetime of disappointment between them.
Marissa Meyer, Winter|But he place a gentle palm under her chin and turned her face back to him. “I'm privileged to see you like this,” he said, his eyes fierce. “Wear you social mask at your balls and parties and when you visit your friends out there, but when we are alone, just the two of us in here, promise me this: that you'll show me only your real face, no matter how ugly you might think it. That's our true intimacy, not sex, but the ability to be ourselves when we are together. (Winter Makepeace)
Jeffrey M. Elliot, Conversations with Maya Angelou|The kindnesses … I never forget them. And so they keep one from becoming bitter. They encourage you to be as strong, as volatile as necessary to make a well world. Those people who gave me so much, and still give me so much, have a passion about them. And they encourage the passion in me. I’m very blessed that I have a healthy temper. I can become quite angry and burning in anger, but I have never been bitter. Bitterness is a corrosive, terrible acid. It just eats you and makes you sick.
Lorrie Moore|From being a teacher and educator, I see the state of the music through the eyes of an 18-year-old coming on to the scene, and we want to make sure it stays intact. With my generation, it's our duty to do that.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When people smile at a rich man, they are smiling at his wallet.
Stormie Omartian, The Power of a Praying Woman|If you ever seem to be sliding back into the very thing you’ve already been set free of, don’t even waste time getting discouraged. Often what seems like the same old thing coming back again may be a new layer surfacing that needs to come off. You’re not going backwards—you are going deeper.
George Orwell, The Road to Wigan Pier|Since our technology is really just an extension of ourselves, we don’t have to have contempt for its manipulability in the way we might with actual people. It’s all one big endless loop. We like the mirror and the mirror likes us. To friend a person is merely to include the person in our private hall of flattering mirrors.
Kathryn Minshew|I don't believe in regretting - one should try to move on. My mum was good at that. She was deeply in love with my father, and he died when I was nine. She remarried, and her second husband died, too. I saw the grieving process she went through. My mother had this way of moving on. It was a fine trait.
Erica Jong, Fear of Flying|There is nothing fiercer than a failed artist. The energy remains, but having no outlet, it implodes in a great fart of rage which smokes up all the inner windows of the soul.
Peter Ackroyd|The imagination of our children is blunted on television, and their thinking is done for them.
James E. Faust|I haven't looked at marriage in the conventional sense, as far as settling down. I look at it as putting faith in another person, which has always been hard for me to do.
Anna Jeffrey, Sweet Water|This corn will teach to you, should you peel away the husk, and be willing to open your ears.
Anna Quindlen, How Reading Changed My Life|the joy of someone who had been a reader all her life, whose world had been immeasurably enlarged by the words of others.
Linda Warren, Texas Bluff|Yes. I really love you, Becky, and when you love someone that much, the pain and the pleasure is that much more intense. But forgiveness is a given.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Your attitudes, action, reactions and expectations are harboured in the power of your thoughts. Think positively and you will smile at the harvest time.
Sarah Todd Hammer|Everyone has adventures in their lives. Some good ones, some bad ones.
Álvaro de Campos|in exceptional circumstances — exceptional in that all circumstances in life are exceptional, especially those which are nothing in themselves and come to be everything in their results.
Robert South|I was raised - and still consider myself to be - Catholic, though I'm non-practicing and haven't fulfilled my Easter duty since sometime during the Nixon years. I'm assailed by all kinds of stimulating doubts, but I do believe in God.
Brent Runyon, The Burn Journals|You can't run from feelings, Charity. You have to face them. Otherwise your future will look just like your past.
Samuel Johnson|Know one knows whether death, which people fear to be the greatest evil, may not be the greatest good.
Germany Kent|Instead of hating someone, pray for that person. Don't forget to pray for yourself as well, that you may learn how to let go and forgive.
Robert Louis Stevenson|And then, all of a sudden, he stopped, and his jaw dropped as though he had remembered something."The score!" he burst out. "Three goes o' rum! Why, shiver my timbers, if I hadn't forgotten my score!"And, falling on a bench, he laughed until the tears ran down his cheeks. I could not help joining; and we laughed together, peal after peal, until the tavern rang again.
William Hemsworth, Faith and Reason: How the Two Work to Build a Dynamic Faith|There are many things in our society masquerading as faith. What many see as faith may actually be just force of habit, patriotism, stubbornness, family pride, intellectual laziness, childishness, gullibility, or the effects of being brainwashed. The problem is that faith is kept separate from intellect, whereas God wants every part of a Christian, including his mind.
Antimatter|All the faces on the photographs have changed,To not confuse it all, the names remain the same
Vadim Zeland, Reality transurfing. Steps I-V|Except Him, whatever understood,O Bedil~ love made me forget.
Sadghuru|How have you always felt?” he wondered.“Loved.” Her eyes opened and met his. “Wanted, happy, excited. A little sad.”He felt himself stiffen. “Why sad?”“Because it always feels like one lifetime with you just isn’t enough.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|We stand there for a moment, staring at each other, savoring it. And then all at once, we slam together. Mia's legs are off the ground, wrapped around my waist, her hands dipping in my hair, my hands tangled in hers. And our lips. There isn't enough skin, enough spit, enough time, for the lost years that our lips are trying to make up for as they find each other. We kiss. The electric current switches to high. The lights throughout all of Brooklyn must be surging.
David Rockefeller|I know that I will never find my father in any other man who comes into my life, because it is a void in my life that can only be filled by him.
George Kaiser|A lot of people are frightened by old age - by being around people who are, basically, on their way out - but I'm fascinated by it. It's an amazing thing to be around someone who has had a life well lived.
Aurora|I'm a huge sun baby. As soon as the sun comes out, my smile gets bigger, so I'm constantly smiling in L.A. It's a fantastic place to be.
A.G. Howard, Ensnared|I’d waited an eternity for this. I’d have waited all over again if I had to. I was meant to kiss this boy, designed to be held by him.
Jose Rizal|We all know we have a finite period of time. I just feel if I'm going to be alive, I want to be challenged - to be as immortal as possible. The path to that isn't an easy way, but it's a rewarding way.
Robert M. Price|The richness of the whole world reduced to a choice that was not a choice at all, but a sentence.
Richard Feynman, What Do You Care What Other People Think?|For instance, the scientific article may say, 'The radioactive phosphorus content of the cerebrum of the rat decreases to one- half in a period of two weeks.' Now what does that mean?It means that phosphorus that is in the brain of a rat—and also in mine, and yours—is not the same phosphorus as it was two weeks ago. It means the atoms that are in the brain are being replaced: the ones that were there before have gone away.So what is this mind of ours: what are these atoms with consciousness? Last week's potatoes! They now can remember what was going on in my mind a year ago—a mind which has long ago been replaced. To note that the thing I call my individuality is only a pattern or dance, that is what it means when one discovers how long it takes for the atoms of the brain to be replaced by other atoms. The atoms come into my brain, dance a dance, and then go out—there are always new atoms, but always doing the same dance, remembering what the dance was yesterday.
Wanda Buckner, Choosing Energy Therapy: A Practical Guide to Healing Options for People and Animals|Animals remind us that all beings who walk, stand, swim, crawl, or fly are radiant, mysterious, and unique expressions of the Source. Every species, every culture, has it’s own genius.
Landon I Taylor|What is the meaning of life?" asked man."Seek and ye shall find," said God. "That was my method."The man replied, "How might I do that?""Take a setting," instructed God. "Add some dirt and water, mold it into something likeable. Let there be light to break up the darkness. Plant some trees and fruit. Don't forget to put in a few animals. Then create a few wild things that are as curious in thought as you, and let them figure the damned thing out.
Anonymous, The Qur'an / القرآن الكريم|The Specters feast as vampires feast on blood, but the Specters’ food is attention. A conscious and informed interest in the world. The immaturity of children is less attractive to them.
Debasish Mridha|Even though life is finite, the universe created you with infinite love. Celebrate your birthday with infinite joy and create endless memories.
Anne Wojcicki|When I came to this country in 1958, to be a dying patient in a medical hospital was a nightmare. You were put in the last room, furthest away from the nurses' station. You were full of pain, but they wouldn't give you morphine. Nobody told you that you were full of cancer and that it was understandable that you had pain and needed medication.
Amir Shalaby|Your Dream is not a person when you feel broken and failure enough to say that your dream is dead .Revive it ! don't give up . it's the only thing that makes you not a robot , it's the only thing that makes your life got a meaning .
Sean Hannity, Let Freedom Ring: Winning the War of Liberty over Liberalism|New York is appalling, fantastically charmless and elaborately dire.
Nikolai Gogol, The Collected Tales of Nikolai Gogol|I think no matter where you go, you'll be happy as long as you know why you're there.
Susannah Clapp, A Card from Angela Carter|The crime rates would go right down, I think, if Americans stopped saying: 'Have a nice day,' to one another. At least it would stop me from contemplating violence; when people in shops & so on order me to have a nice day in this authoritarian way, I want to kill, kill, kill. When I mutter 'sod off' under my breath, they think it is a Russian Orthodox benediction.
Billy Graham|I want to do roles that take women a step farther. I don't want to be slotted into anything. But if I get a brilliant role which requires me to be a mother, then I will do it. But I want people to see that a woman could be anything at whatever age, even if she is married or has two kids.
Emily Greene Balch|Embryonic stem cell research will prolong life, improve life and give hope for life to millions of people.
Dennis Merritt Jones, The Art of Uncertainty: How to Live in the Mystery of Life and Love It|It can be very seductive to tell our story to others who will listen because, lets face it, who doesn't love to 'commiserate' (in this context, meaning to share their misery) with other likeminded people. It justifies our attachment to the drama. The interesting thing about telling our story over and over is that it becomes even more deeply ingrained in our minds each time we tell it, and the universe delights in keeping whatever we claim as our story alive.
David Gianadda, Everything You Say Is Goodbye|We too had branched off from the people who had come before us, a family that made the family that made us, and we were shining in the darkness and casting our light all around us.
Roger Penrose, The Road to Reality: A Complete Guide to the Laws of the Universe|We learn more when we hate than when we love, because hate is eternally awake, but love is everlastingly asleep.
Carla Reighard, Elle's Magical Shoes|The one who can smile without an outer reason is a mental case for many, but the one who cannot ‘needs mental therapy!
Victoria Stoklasa, Buddhism and Politics: Citizens, Politicians, and the Noble Eightfold Path|Christianity and Buddhism are very much alike, especially Buddhism.
Kirsty Logan, The Rental Heart and Other Fairytales|She’d found that holding on to him was the easiest and simplest thing to do, not thinking about the bomb, not thinking about the people it killed, not thinking about her family, and not thinking about whether or not she would die. Instead, she’d held tightly around his neck, burying her face in his shoulder. She’d thought the entire world was coming to an end and holding on to him seemed to be the only thing she wanted to acknowledge as real.
Omar Khayyám|(..)Fate has al­ways been a po­tent force in Rus­sia, where, for gen­er­ations, cit­izens have had lit­tle con­trol over their own des­tinies. Fate can be a bitch, but, as Za­it­sev, Dvornik, and Onofre­cuk had dis­cov­ered, it can al­so be a tiger.
Rae Earl, My Mad Fat Diary|And it makes you think. Even things that have been the same for years and years can change. Maybe I can change. I can bring my own wall down, and let people in.
Catherine Lowell, The Madwoman Upstairs|Usually, meaning tends to find you, in the middle of the night, and when you least expect it.
Charmaine Smith Ladd, Shake Hands with Yourself: A Peacemaker's Guide to Happiness & Inner Peace|Remember that a fresh breath of life follows every sigh of exasperation. Breathe in, breathe out, and ENJOY every moment. It is how everything begins and ends. - Charmainism
Debasish Mridha|Every new friend is a new journey, through a brand new road, toward a brand new mysterious heart.
Les Carter, Enough about You, Let's Talk about Me: How to Recognize and Manage the Narcissists in Your Life|Oh. Yes. There would be someone, wouldn't there? Of course there would be a person. Ask at the farmhouse did not mean that you addressed your questions to the front porch. She had not thought it through.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|Do not repeat after me words that you do not understand. Do not merely put on a mask of my ideas, for it will be an illusion and you will thereby deceive yourself.
Winona LaDuke|One of our people in the Native community said the difference between white people and Indians is that Indian people know they are oppressed but don’t feel powerless. White people don’t feel oppressed, but feel powerless. Deconstruct that disempowerment. Part of the mythology that they’ve been teaching you is that you have no power. Power is not brute force and money; power is in your spirit. Power is in your soul. It is what your ancestors, your old people gave you. Power is in the earth; it is in your relationship to the earth.
Ava Dellaira, Love Letters to the Dead|Say what is true, although it may be bitter and displeasing to people
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|The magic that turns dreams into reality is YOU! When you are inspired by a dream, create a good plan; that turns it into a goal. Then, live your life in a way that will bring that dream, that goal, to life. The magic is you.
Trina Paulus, Hope for the Flowers|Then we are living in a place abandoned by God," I said, disheartened."Have you found any places where God would have felt at home?" William asked me, looking down from his great height.
Micheline Jean Louis|Nisi flashed his charismatic, mysterious smile. “Now, with this in mind, are you ready to take the next step?”Despite Caleb’s attempts at caution—at circumspection and even suspicion—the man’s words stirred his blood. They teased the possibilities of the power within his reach, real power extending far beyond parlor tricks and personal protection to a place where the course of life itself could be changed.“I am.
Jerry Rice|The more important argument against grade curves is that they create an atmosphere that's toxic by pitting students against one another. At best, it creates a hypercompetitive culture, and at worst, it sends students the message that the world is a zero-sum game: Your success means my failure.
George Carlin|Men are from Earth, women are from Earth. Deal with it.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|But from that moment on, Hermione Granger became their friend. Because there are somethings you can't go through in life and become friends, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.
Leah Braemel|One day we fall in love with the one who makes us live intensely and laugh hard and heavy. And as hard as we love them, their friend loves us back equally and we just can’t be.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|As the sun rises first on mountain-tops and gilds them with his light, and presents one of the most charming sights to the eye of the traveller; so is it one of the most delightful contemplations in the world to mark the glow of the Spirit's light on the head of some saint, who has risen up in spiritual stature.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|Suffering, failure, loneliness, sorrow, discouragement, and death will be part of your journey, but the Kingdom of God will conquer all these horrors. No evil can resist grace forever.If you reject the ragamuffin gospel and turn your back on Christianity, do so because you find the answers of Jesus incredible, blasphemous, or hopelessly hopeful.
Louis C.K.|I’m bored’ is a useless thing to say. I mean, you live in a great, big, vast world that you’ve seen none percent of. Even the inside of your own mind is endless; it goes on forever, inwardly, do you understand? The fact that you’re alive is amazing, so you don’t get to say ‘I’m bored.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|I was the nicest person you'd ever want to know," Alex recalls, "but the world wasn't that way. The problem was that if you were just a nice person, you'd get crushed. I refused to live a life where people could do that stuff to me.
Ralph Nader|Young wives are the leading asset of corporate power. They want the suburbs, a house, a settled life, and respectability. They want society to see that they have exchanged themselves for something of value
|When you are a dreamer, so many people are not going to believe in the success of your dream. These people could include your close friends, relatives, parents, siblings, and other people around you. But don't be discouraged by them, because you only need the grace of God, believing in yourself, and consistent strategic actions to succeed in life.
Bradley B. Dalina|When love plays your life, and left you nothing but a memory of a broken heart,let the pain runs out in your eyes, it will make you feel better.Don't think you're strong when you're not, it will only makes you feel weaker.Be wise, accept, forgive and forget with no regret.
Robin Rumi|When I was little, my mother used to tell me that the universe was made in sparks. Would that mean that at the beginning, someone had clacked two cosmic stones together?.
Ted Kooser, Braided Creek|When she left me I stood out in the thunderstorm, hoping to be destroyed by lightning. It missed, first left, then right.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Humility is the fundamental principle that builds up greatness. Arrogance on the other hand never brings anything good. When you are humble, you’ll learn to become better.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Is it more important for you to know what happened in the First World War or to memorize other significant dates in history, or is it more important to learn the strategies they used for optimum leadership, success and joyful living? Don't you think schools need to teach the latter?
Elizabeth    Newton, Furry Friends|Oh you're one of those people are you? The people who ask God for something and when they get it, they tell God to forget about answering that particular prayer because it's just happened. That's one of my pet hates, I'm sorry.
Peter S. Beagle, A Fine and Private Place|I am so tired; all I want to do is sleep. I want to sleep all the day, from dawn until twilight that every evening comes a little earlier and a little more drearily. In the daytime, all I can think about is sleeping. But in the night I do is try to stay awake.
Denis Waitley|Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker. Failure is delay, not defeat. It is a temporary detour, not a dead end. Failure is something we can avoid only by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
Alan W. Hirshfeld, The Electric Life of Michael Faraday|If there was one overriding element to Faraday's character, it was humility. His 'conviction of deficiency,' as he called it, stemmed in part from his deep religiosity and affected practically every facet of his life. Thus Faraday approached both his science and his everyday conduct unhampered by ego, envy, or negative emotion. In his work, he assumed the inevitability of error and failure; whenever possible, he harnessed these as guides toward further investigation. Faraday adhered to no particular school of scientific thought. Nor did he flinch when a favored hypothesis fell to the rigors of experiment.
Mark Henwick, Hidden Trump|Only people you trust can ever really betray you, Amber.
Philip Levine, 7 Years from Somewhere: Poems|Let me begin again as a speckof dust caught in the night windssweeping out to sea. Let me beginthis time knowing the world issalt water and dark clouds, the worldis grinding and sighing all night, and dawncomes slowly, and changes nothing.
D. H. Lawrence|The White House is giving George W. Bush intelligence briefings. You know, some of these jokes just write themselves.
David Lubar|What are you, Zombie Slayer Barbie?" The big man in the back barked a laugh. "You'll pay for that one.
Patricia Robin Woodruff|Carry good cheer in the morning;Carry good cheer in the night.Effort is sweeter and living completer,If ever we walk in love's light.
Martin Luther|Free expression is the base of human rights, the root of human nature and the mother of truth. To kill free speech is to insult human rights, to stifle human nature and to suppress truth.
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|Strange clothes you wear, Child of the Dragon. Has the Wheel turned so far? Do the People of the Dragon return to the first Covenant? But you wear a sword. That is neither now nor then.
Sherry Thomas, Delicious|The night was fading. It was too early to be called dawn yet, but Taylor could just make out the outline of Will's weary, unshaven face. His deep blue eyes were the only color in the gray world of rain and shadows.Will leaned in, and his mouth covered Taylor's, rough but sweet, his tongue seeking Taylor's. Taylor opened willingly to that kiss, forgetting for a second his scratched, scraped hands and the rain running down the back of his neck. They kissed a lot these days, especially for men who had never been much for kissing. Taylor had become expert in all Will's kisses, from the hungry, lustful kisses that always made his own cock rise so fast it hurt, to the tender, almost cherishing kisses that Will generally saved for when he thought Taylor was sleeping. That dawn kiss beneath the pine trees rippled through him like an electric shock, a reminder that, tired, wet, and lost as they might be, so long as they were together, they were all right.
Michael Ondaatje, Coming Through Slaughter|If you want to be a genius, it's easy: All you gotta say is, "Everything stinks." Then, you're never wrong. That's how much of a genius I am! That's how I got to where I am today!
Unarine Ramaru|Cheating on self, is a paralysis of being.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|People exercise the freedom to present themselves from a vast array of precepts. The modern human mind can engage in reflective thought and selectively determine how to organize the elements of perception. We can consciously elect to depart from stereotypical behavior and transcend the heretofore-established biological behavioral preferences. People can elect to hold prejudices or not, can make rational or irrational decisions to engage in war or not, and can take deliberate steps to arrest destruction of the ecosystem or not. Holding ourselves in check by placing a brake upon the human propensity to strike out in instinctual behavior is a distinct human quality. Restraint from instant gratification of strong impulses represents a unique human behavior trait. By intentionally refraining from committing an instinctual action, humankind asserts its sovereignty from its biological constitution. Unbound from the limitations of its biological nature, a person can employ the mind to devise alternative behavioral choices and the results of numerous behavioral choices culminate to provide a person with a sophisticated definition of the self.
Sloane Crosley|Chronic Lyme causes arthritis, heart problems, stroke - even death.
Bill Owens|Traits acquired during one's lifetime - muscles built up in the gym, for example - cannot be passed on to the next generation. Now with technology, as it happens, we might indeed be able to transfer some of our acquired traits on to our selected offspring by genetic engineering.
Jillian Michaels|I think comedy is a good way to help people change their minds. I think that if you're laughing and getting a message across, it's a lot easier than when somebody is screaming in your face.
Marieke Stoop|I will find a way, or I will make one.
Ava Bloomfield, Honest|If you perceive a world where there are separate images and you still feel a charge about anything, that is the indicator that you want to ask for Help. Lord, help me today. I am determined to see. Help me to see. That is where the openness and the humility come in. If you feel a charge about something, you not only are not seeing clearly, you are not seeing at all.
James Qualls, A Gathering of Dreams|The sun was directly overhead, bright against the flower’s exterior. Warm blueish-purple silhouettes pirouetted and danced along interior walls.
Kay Wills Wyma, Cleaning House: A Mom's Twelve-Month Experiment to Rid Her Home of Youth Entitlement|Instead of communicating "I love you, so let me make life easy for you," I decided that my message needed to be something more along these lines: "I love you. I believe in you. I know what you're capable of. So I'm going to make you work.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|A Bombshell commands attention for her business with a strong culture, consistent branding, and simple, no-to-low cost marketing.
Vironika Tugaleva|What if we all stopped fighting to belong and realized that we already do? What if we acknowledged, in each interaction with ourselves and with others, the eternal, beautiful interconnected energy that flows between us? What if we recognized our equality and celebrated our differences? Imagine how the world could be.
Mahatma Gandhi|You Christians look after a document containing enough dynamite to blow all civilisation to pieces, turn the world upside down and bring peace to a battle-torn planet. But you treat it as though it is nothing more than a piece of literature.
Ann McElhinney, Gosnell: The Untold Story of America’s Most Prolific Serial Killer|Pennsylvania gave Gosnell carte blanche for the next seventeen years. With every license extension and slipshod inspection, state health regulators sent a message: do what you like, because no matter what you do, we won’t bother you, and we don’t care whom you kill or injure along the way.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|If your paramount concern in life is to make sure everyone likes and approves of you, I’m sorry to say you’re going to find yourself running in circles for the rest of your life.
Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate|As much as some people would like to believe, for their own peace of mind, that the appearance of evil in this world had a clean cause, the truth was never that simple.
Vinita Kinra|3 P’s are my soulmates: Pain, Prose and Poetry.
Savitri Devi, Pilgrimage|I worship impersonal Nature, which is neither "good" or "bad", and who knows neither love nor hatred. I worship Life; the Sun, Sustainer of life. I believe in the Law of everlasting struggle, which is the law of life, and in the duty of the best specimens of our race — the natural élite of mankind — to rule the earth, and evolve out of themselves a caste of supermen, a people 'like unto the Gods'.
Roseanne Barr|I would love to work with Marion Cotillard... and my sister! I've never worked with Dakota before in a movie. It'd be so cool to be on screen interacting with each other one day. It will happen, I'm just not sure when.
Charmaine J. Forde|Never grow weary of giving,Your small contribution can make someone else’s life worth living.
Skillet|May you see with eyes of light in everdark, may your mind walk free and unfettered amongst all, touching wisely and well, may you go in peace. But wait for me, beloved.
Kathy Ireland|There is a place in God's sun for the youth "farthest down" who has the vision  the determination  and the courage to reach it.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|And a lot of it will be wrong, but just enough of it will be right.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I am amazed that without any hesitation whatsoever I can completely believe myself to be on a grand journey of massive vistas and bold ascents, only to find that they are nothing more than a figment of a frightened imagination that needed a journey but could not admit to the fear of actually taking one.
Rodman Philbrick, The Last Book in the Universe|I used to belong to a family unit, with a foster mom and dad and my little sister, Bean, but that's over and I don't want to talk about what happened , or how unfair it was. Not yet. The less said about that the better, because if there's one thing I learned from Ryter it's that you can't always be looking backward or something will hit you from the front.
Sana Krasikov|My mother had been in the Soviet whirlpool for eleven years by this point. Enough time, I imagine, to unlearn the bourgeois habits of her native Brooklyn, to accustom herself to the farting and shouting of her neighbours, to doing her washing by hand in the collective tub, to keeping her dry food locked up in her wardrobe
Matshona Dhiliwayo|Know the limitations of your mind,and then excel them.Know the limitations of your heart,and then surpass them.Know the limitations of your soul,and then transcend them.
Carl Hiaasen|We went to a small lake, Bass Lake. It was beautiful. It was perfectly still when we got there in the morning. The fog was lifting off the water. It was just magical. And we did catch some fish, 13 fish.
Darrell Calkins|There’s a long tradition in many disciplines regarding the breath, so I’m certainly not the first to suggest its importance. Unfortunately, though, having so much tradition, that gives the sense to many that there’s nothing really new there, nothing extraordinary to discover. The traditions themselves in most cases haven’t really evolved and haven’t succeeded in compelling the general public. Everyone knows to “take a deep breath” when stressed, but the immediate impact is minimal at best (actually, a deep breath is not much help; a long, smooth, slow exhale is, however). And the idea of another obligation, studying or relearning how to breathe, lacks inspiration.
Quentin Crisp|Without an element of vulgarity, no man can be a work of art...I have to try and think what an artist is, apart from a hooligan who cannot live within his income of praise.
Samuel Goldwyn|I never think of yesterday. Can't do anything about it. I'm a positive guy. When you really deep down look at it, we go to bed every night, get up every morning, stay here for 70 or 80 years, and then we die.
Michael Ben Zehabe, Song of Songs The Book for Daughters|I was going to have to face the man who'd destroyed my kingdom, and the boy who was the reason.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Life starts when you live for someones other than you, and ends when you stop living in others’ hearts! Birth & death are simply incidental.
Audre Lorde, Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches|The failure of academic feminists to recognize difference as a crucial strength is a failure to reach beyond the first patriarchal lesson. In our world, divide and conquer must become define and empower.
N.B. Roberts, Halton Cray|Music from the party throbs and echoes off the basement walls. I’m not sure how I got here, and I’m certain I don’t know how Charlie ended up on the other side of the room with Guy In Touch With His Emotions. Raising a bottle to my lips, I watch as the guy uncrosses his long legs and recrosses them.His tampon must be killing him.
Alexander Schmemann|To be in Christ means to be like Him, to make ours the very movement of His life. And as He "ever liveth to make intercession: for all "that come unto God by him" (Heb 7:25), so we cannot help accepting His intercession as our own. The Church is not a society for escape—corporately or individually—from this world to taste of the mystical bliss of eternity. Communion is not a "mystical experience": we drink of the chalice of Christ, and He gave Himself for the life of the world. The bread on the paten and the wine in the chalice are to remind us of the incarnation of the Son of God, of the cross and death. And thus it is the very joy of the Kingdom that makes us remember the world and pray for it. It is the very communion with the Holy Spirit that enables us to love the world with the love of Christ. The Eucharist is the sacrament of unity and the moment of truth: here we see the world in Christ, as it really is, and not from our particular and therefore limited and partial points of view. Intercession begins here, in the glory of the messianic banquet, and this is the only true beginning for the Church's mission. It is when, "having put aside all earthly care," we seem to have left this world, that we, in fact, recover it in all its reality.
Kingsley Opuwari Manuel|Grace is all that God is free to do for you, in you, with you and through you only because of the finished work of Jesus Christ.
Richard Matheson, I Am Legend and Other Stories|Escape was not our goal since it was so unrealistic. What we wanted was to survive, to live long enough to tell the world what had happened in Buchenwald.
Steven Pressfield|An artist is a provincial who finds himself somewhere between a physical reality and a metaphysical one. It’s this in-between that I’m calling a province, this frontier country between the tangible world and the intangible one. That is the realm of the artist.
Brandon Sanderson, The Rithmatist|He twisted at the waist and stretched out on his side. “You’re a bit crazy. You throw apples in people’s faces when you’re angry. You go off half-cocked half the time. It entertains me to no end. So if you are irrational, I hope you stay that way. I love it.
Prince|To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer.
Munia Khan|The colour of fear is never dark or black; it has the colour of thunderbolt; usually white, but can appear in different hues depending on how the fear travels through to get inside your heart
Kelly Moran, Exposure|The guy next to you, is probably saying some kind a truth behind everything or just a peace of it. Nobody knows!...Now your hands bloody, new mysteries new secrets found and some people don't want you to know them. So they kill the person to which you get in contact.... (Blindspot Series!)
Shannon Hale, The Goose Girl|You survived as a child because others helped to maintain your life. It continues to be true today, even when you think you are abandoned, rejected, neglected, and unloved: the tomatoes you eat sustain you, the crossing guard stops the traffic so you can get to the other side of the street, the dinner offered to you on clean white plates nourishes you, the paper on which these words are printed informs you. Noticed or ignored, this web of others protects and holds you and makes it possible for you to make a difference: to take what came to you as seed and pass it on as blossom, and what came as blossom and ripen it to fruit.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|We'd just shared the last beer and slung the empty can out the window at a stop sign and were just waiting back to get the feel of the day, swimming in that kind of tasty drowsiness that comes over you after a day of going hard at something you enjoy doing -- half sunburned and half drunk and keeping awake only because you wanted to savor the taste as long as you could.
Poppet, Ryan|He should always wear jeans because they make him look hotter than a nebula. Black suits him too. It hugs to his muscular vales and swells, turning temptation into sexy man therapy.
Elizabeth Berrien, Creative Grieving: A Hip Chick's Path from Loss to Hope|It is true that the grief journey is very lonely, but it is also up to you to decide just how lonely you will make it.
Avery Flynn, Bang|Darlin', you are all female but not in the least little bit weak.
Cameron Jace, Mary Mary Quite Contrary|My love, I’d volunteer to live a thousand lives if I got to spend any part of them with you.
Bernard Schaffer|Always in your stomach and in your skin there was a sort of protest, a feeling that you had been cheated of something you had a right to.
E. Katherine Kottaras, The Best Possible Answer|There are so many unknowns, and so many possibilities. Sometimes there are things you can say, and talking makes it better. But sometimes, there are no words.
John Hutton|I claim that human mind or human society is not divided into watertight compartments called social, political and religious. All act and react upon one another.
Ana Claudia Antunes, How to Make a Book|He could not put down a word without suspecting that it might be the wrong one and that if he held back for another day the intermediate experience would provide the right one. There was no end to that, and Moon fearfully glimpsed himself as a pure writer who after a lifetime of absolutely no output whatsoever, would prepare on his deathbed the single sentence which was the distillation of everything he had saved up, and die before he was able to utter it.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|It is not theft, properly speaking, to take secretly and use another's property in a case of extreme need: because that which he takes for the support of his life becomes his own property by reason of that need
Stone Gossard|Talk to people in their own language. If you do it well, they'll say, 'God, he said exactly what I was thinking.' And when they begin to respect you, they'll follow you to the death.
Raymond Carver, Ultramarine: Poems|there isn't enough of anythingas long as we live. But at intervalsa sweetness appears and, given a chanceprevails.
Sanju Menon|If you're asking yourself who the content is for, it's already too late to make an impact.
Bow Wow|But I'm so slow on it because I find it terribly hard writing blind on computers. The computer speaks to me, but it's just so slow, I'm so terribly slow using it.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|My grandfather once told her if you couldn't read with cold feet, there wouldn't be a literate soul in the state of Maine.
_Roger Crawford|Winning is not just a moment of glory, it’s a journey of peaks and valleys.Perseverance Matters!Winning is a habit.Small wins matter!Winning is an attitude.Mindset Matters!Winning is a choice.Hard work matters!Winning is your responsibility.Winning matters!
Tuppence Middleton|The pro athlete is a sad tale. He signs a big contract and thinks he's set for life. I didn't think I was set for life, and I don't now. As athletes, we are important, celebrities, in demand and rich. Then we are out of the game and we are not important, not celebrities, not in demand and not rich.
Donna Lynn Hope|Yes, this is what I thought adulthood would be, a kind of long indian summer, a state of tranquility, of calm incuriousness, with nothing left of the barely bearable raw immediacy of childhood, all the things solved that had puzzled me when I was small, all mysteries settled, all questions answered, and the moments dripping away, unnoticed almost, drip by golden drip, toward the final, almost unnoticed, quietus.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|What moved me was the theme of the harmony which is born only of sacrifice, the twofold experience of love. It's not a question of mutual love: what nobody seems to understand is that love can only be one-sided, that no other love exists, that in any other form it is not love. If it involves less than total giving, it is not love. It is impotent; for the moment, it is nothing.
Robin Sacredfire|Blessed are the ones who offer coffee to writers, for they will get all the rewards mentioned in the Bible, the Quran, the Vedas, the Upanishads and the Bhagavad Gita.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|It is as simple as that. Birds fly because they have wings and so when you can’t grow the wings, you can’t be called a bird. Leaders make impacts because they create new ideas and so if you can’t think of any new innovative ideas, you can’t be a leader.
Beth Mikell, Hex upon Me|But there’s more. When I was on my way to the event today, Carolyn texted me and told me that Steve and Eve got married over break. Six months after he broke up with me, and after he kept telling me he didn’t see marriage inhis future! And did I tell you that he broke up with me at the school, during the Fitness Fun-a-Thon fundraising eventwe worked at?” Her face grew reflective. “I was handing out bottled water when he asked me to go behind the hydration station so he could talk to me privately. The whole time, Eve kept staring at us from the finish line of the three-legged race.She knew I was getting dumped before I did.
Jeannette Walls, The Glass Castle|I interviewed my dad on video in his final weeks. When I asked about his work and finding meaning through helping others, he responded, "I don't think you can be focused on, 'Oh gee, I want to make a difference.' It has to be spontaneous. If it's not...there's some kind of egotistical thing going on. That's a red flag. You hope you impact people on the deepest level you are capable of at the time. Sometimes you hit it, sometimes you don't. You're trying.
Maria SwifMess|How old you are has nothing to do with how wise, smart, or mature you've actually become.
Jennifer Echols, Dirty Little Secret|It's one thing to think you're worthless, and quite another for somebody else to tell you that you are.
Jonathan Wilson-Hartgrove, New Monasticism: What It Has to Say to Today's Church|The author tells a story wherein a missionary friend of his was invited by unbelievers on a train ride to play cards. The friend declined, saying that he did not bring his hands with him. He explained to the astonished group that the hands attached to what they saw as his body belonged to the Lord, and he was thereby able to explain the Gospel.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Wisdom is not counted in grammers, niether in fluency, but vividly shown in mannerism.
Shilpa Shetty|Every small business will give you an entrepreneurial way of looking at things. I guarantee you that for every plant that closes, if you gave it to one small-business person in that community, he or she would find a way to make it work. The small-business attitude is you always find a way to make it work.
Thomas W. Martin, Doctor William Crawford Gorgas Of Alabama And The Panama Canal|I am sorry for you tonight, Mr. President. You are facing one of the greatest decisions of your career. Upon what you decide depends on whether or not you are going to get your canal. If you fall back upon the old methods of sanitation you will fail, just as the French failed. If you back up Dr. Gorgas and his ideas, and you let him make his campaign against mosquitoes, then you get your canal. I can only give you my advice; you must decide for yourself. There is only one way of controlling yellow fever and malaria, and that is the eradication of the mosquitoes. But it is your canal; you must do the choosing and you must choose tonight whether you are going to build that canal.
Glazl Bugaoan|To let go is easy but hard to bury the memory itself. We trust, we love, we conquer to be happy. Love doesn't exist in one way but the other. We get hurt, we suffer. Believe that it happens for a reason and a purpose. Accept and let go of pain but keep the memory it reminds how strong we've gone so far.
M. F. K. Fisher|As long as there's pasta and Chinese food in the world, I'm okay.
Scarlet Wolfe, I'm Holding On|He caught her staring and waggled his eyebrows. Heat flooded her cheeks, and she worked to recover. “The minivan suits you. I think you should get one.”“Sweetheart, I already have to beat the ladies off me with a stick. If I get one of these bad boys, I might cause a riot.”“Do you ever stop?”“I can go all. Night. Long.
Marty Rubin|You know,” Rolf said, “you read stories when you're little, and you think it would be so amazing to have adventures happen to you. Then you actually go on one, and find out that it's awful. Nothing but bad food, sleeping cold on the hard ground, and treachery.
Frazier Glenn Miller, A White Man Speaks Out|I spent much of my prison time reading. I must have read over 200 large books, mostly fictional stories about the American pioneers, the Vikings, Mafia, etc. As long as I was engrossed in a book, I was not in prison. Reading was my escape.
L.M. Montgomery|And if you couldn't be loved, the next best thing was to be let alone.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Accompanied with good eye contact, a smile serves as an immediate icebreaker to warm up relations and turn a stranger into a friend.
Adam Rex, Fat Vampire: A Never Coming of Age Story|In international commerce, India is an ancient country-(19th October, 1899)
Ken Calvert|The sort of thinking at the time was, 'Well, we're giving you access to medical care which you wouldn't otherwise be able to get, so your payment is that we get to use you in research.'
Jacob Nordby|We wait, starving for moments of high magic to inspire us, but life is full of common enchantment waiting for our alchemists eyes to notice.
James Hilton, Lost Horizon|Then the whole range, much nearer now, paled into fresh splendor; a full moon rose, touching each peak in succession like some celestial lamplighter, until the long horizon glittered against a blue-black sky.
Susannah Sandlin, Black Diamond|What matters most right now, is what you do next.
Carrie Jones, Captivate|Losing people you love affects you. It is buried inside of you and becomes this big, deep hole of ache. It doesn't magically go away, even when you stop officially mourning.
Munindra Misra, Chants of Hindu Gods and Godesses in English Rhyme|संकट मोचन हनुमानाष्टकमत्तगयन्द छन्दबाल समय रबि भक्षि लियो तब तीनहुँ लोक भयो अँधियारो।ताहि सों त्रास भयो जग को यह संकट काहु सों जात न टारो।देवन आनि करी बिनती तब छाँड़ि दियो रबि कष्ट निवारो।को नहिं जानत है जग में कपि संकटमोचन नाम तिहारो॥१॥When as a child you lapped the sun, darkness on triple world fell,The worlds so got into trouble and a crisis that none could dispel,Gods then prayed to you to spare the sun and you did so quell,Who doesn’t know in this world your name `Problem Solver’ bells?- 294 -
Kenneth Eade, HOA Wire|The trick here is arbitrary word assignment: that is, any violence engaged in by ourselves or our friends is ipso facto retaliation and counter-terrorism; whatever the enemy does is terrorism, irrespective of facts.’10 We might say, then, that the golden rule of state violence is: terrorism is what they do, and counter-terrorism is what we do. As Orwell himself observed in his essay, ‘Notes on Nationalism’: ‘Actions are held to be good or bad, not on their own merits, but according to who does them, and there is almost no kind of outrage – torture, the use of hostages, forced labour, mass deportations, imprisonment without trial, forgery, assassination, the bombing of civilians – which does not change its moral colour when it is committed by “our” side.
Frank L. DeSilva|In Poems of Love and Light: The Light of The Sun…Our Breath as One, the tenor seems to have changed slightly, as the progression of Love and lovers is, in many cases (if not all) quixotic, dependent upon mutual understanding, the conditions of the moment, the awareness of the future, as well as the mundane life, in which we all must exist, embracing real life, as is the natural state, which sentient individuals traverse – illusion may help those in the ‘moment’, but does nothing for the long-term, except misdirect it.Poetry has always been a way to leave something for those who come after, a legacy of inspiration, methodology, spirit, love, emotion, historical sense and utility, depending upon the subject matter, intentions of the bard, and the situations, which frame the creation of that sense of experience, with which the Poet receives his Muse. Poems of Love and Light: In The Light of the Sun, Our Breath as One
|You are too blessed to be worrying about your imperfections. Your original self is perfect in God's eyes, and His opinions will always matter the most.
George W. Bush|Funny, for all surveillance, Osama bin Laden is still freeand we're not. Guess who's winning the "war on terror?
David Burr Gerrard, Short Century: A Novel|Men do everything that men do, from waging war to reading books, for one purpose only: to get laid.
Pat Conroy|In matters of good-lookingness, we writers are the ugliest of the bunch, and normally our appearance is akin to that of someone investigating a crime scene; though the women in American writing keep producing world-class beauty in droves, and there are many breathtaking writers among them.
Divyanka Tripathi|I would absolutely, definitely never sell my wedding pictures to a magazine. I'd like it to be a special day, not a photo shoot. And once you've done that, your marriage becomes everybody else's business.
Dean Koontz, Forever Odd|Sometimes it seems that to exit this world, they must go through my heart, leaving me scarred and sore.
Immanuel Kant|Seek not the favor of the multitude; it is seldom got by honest and lawful means. But seek the testimony of few; and number not voices, but weigh them.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There are many irritations in life. They become prime opportunities for Satan to lead us into evil passion. Keep anger clear of bitterness, spite, or hatred.
Bruce Crown, How Dim the Promised Land|Trust me. What a phrase. Is it a phrase or an idiom? I was never a wordsmith and I was too far along in life to even attempt to tackle a problem as complicated as words. Do writers struggle as much with words as a painter does with his paint and his brush?“Okay,” it is impossible not to trust a beautiful woman. Even macho noir anti-heroes who talk about staying out of trouble and doin’ nothin’ for nobody always get sucked into intricate snares set for them by beautiful women… I would not be an exception.
Winona Dimeo-Ediger, Closet Confidential: Style Secrets Learned the Hard Way|During the shoot in November 2003, I was vaguely aware of the stylist’s sulky demeanor and eye-rolling vibe, but I blocked her out. Some fashion people are snotty drama queens; this is not news. Whatever was going on with her, I was determined to be positive and not get infected by her energy. Later, Fiorella told me that the entire time I was in makeup, the stylist had been clomping up and down the hall, sputtering into her cell phone, “I can’t believe I have to style a FAT GIRL!”	Believe it, bitch. 
Book of Eli Movie|I walked to his bedside table next. Infinite Mayhem. the ninth sequel to The Prince of Dawn, lay atop the table next to his reading lamp, the corner of page 138 turned down. He'd never made it to the end of the book. 'Spoiler alert: Mayhem survives,' I said out loud to him, just in case he could hear me.
Samuel Johnson|It is better that some should be unhappy rather than that none should be happy, which would be the case in a general state of equality.
Leland Stanford|The South is brutalized to a degree not realized by its own inhabitants, and the very foundation of government, law and order, are imperilled.
Rick Riordan|Afterward, I had the last laugh. I made an air bubble at the bottom of the lake. Our friends kept waiting for us to come up, but hey-when you are the son of Poseidon, you don't have to hurry. And it was pretty much the best underwater kiss of all time.
Sam Whitehouse, The Prophecy of Three: The Keys of Time|What do you think we should do about Sampson?" I asked."I would have to say...stop him," Sam said."How?" I asked her."Someone who is as powerful and as smart and crazy as he is should do it.""Okay, but who?""Well...you should.""So you think I'm crazy?" I asked her.
Terry Brooks, The Elf Queen of Shannara|The problem with abstractions (like reports and documents) is that they create illusions of agreement. A hundred people can read the same words, but in their heads, they’re imagining a hundred different things.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|I thought about all of the things that everyone ever says to each other, and how everyone is going to die, whether it's in a millisecond, or days, or months, or 76.5 years, if you were just born. Everything that's born has to die, which means our lives are like skyscrapers. The smoke rises at different speeds, but they're all on fire, and we're all trapped.
Avery Flynn, Enemies on Tap|Though blue sky and the road’s yellow dust and the green of the nearing oasis were all snuffed out, he (newly converted Saul) did not miss them. Light suffused his blinded eyes, his mind.
matt Trevitz|Who knows what tomorrow bringsIn a world where everyone lies..."Tupac
Joyce Carol Oates|If words are not things, or maps are not the actual territory, then, obviously, the only possible link between the objective world and the linguistic world is found in structure, and structure alone.
Jeff Bridges|Technology is such a broad kind of term, it really applies to so many things, from the electric light to running cars on oil. All of these different things can be called technology. I have kind of a love-hate relationship with it, as I expect most people do. With the computer, I spend so many hours sitting in front of a computer.
Carroll Bryant|Knowledge may be power, but half of what I know I wish I could forget.
Hanya Yanagihara|I think for a lot of people, friendship is a relationship that gets devalued once they move on to what people consider to be more important relationships: once you find a partner or when you have kids.
Jennifer O'Neill, The Pursuit of Happiness: 21 Spiritual Rules to Sucess|The more we delve into quantum mechanics the stranger the world becomes; appreciating this strangeness of the world, whilst still operating in that which you now consider reality, will be the foundation for shifting the current trajectory of your life from ordinary to extraordinary. It is the Tao of mixing this cosmic weirdness with the practical and physical, which will allow you to move, moment by moment, through parallel worlds to achieve your dreams.
Zeina Kassem, Talal Kassem|I am from Lebanon, from Beirut and SaidaI am from the ground underneath my home I am from the trees, the cedar treeI come from Tabouleh and brown eyes, from Karim...Kassar and KassemI come from happiness and cultureFrom "Habibi" and "Hayete"I am from all religionsI am from the room beneath the stars.
Jodi Kantor|I do have the most adorable little Chihuahua mix. I adopted him about 3 1/2 years ago from Much Love pet adoption, and he has been the love of my life ever since. His name is Beau, or as my sister and I like to call him ' mushy mush' because he truly is just a pile of loving mush that just melts in your arms.
Erik Pevernagie|Art can blow us out of our pigeon hole. In deafness it may shout or scream, in blindness it may arrest our attention, in numbness it may shake up our mind. If we don’t sense anything at all and take everything for granted, art can kick us in the ass, give a conscience and make us aware. ("When is Art?")
R.B. Bernstein, Thomas Jefferson|As the nation divided into Federalists and Republicans, each group called the other the worst name possible: "party". Most Americans feared the idea of party; believing that a society should unite to achieve the public good, they denounced parties as groups of ambitious men selfishly competing for power. Worse, parties were danger signals for a republic; if parties dominated a republic's politics, its days were numbered.
Martha V. Parravano|Consider a small child sitting on his mother's lap while she reads him a picture book. The picture book opens to a width that effectively places the child at the center of a closed circle - that of mother's body, arms, and the picture book... That circle, so private and intimate, is a place apart form the demands and stresses of daily life, a sanctuary in and from which the child can explore the many worlds offered in picture books. Despite all of our society's technological advances, it still just takes one child, one book, and one reader, to create this unique space, to work this everyday magic.
Douglas Adams, Life, the Universe and Everything|We can't win against obsession. They care, we don't. They win.
Melina Marchetta, Froi of the Exiles|What does my smile look like now? Vivi wondered. Can you reclaim that free-girl smile, or is it like virginity- once you loose it, that's it?
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Imagination|Too many questions can cripple imagination, for how can you apply logical questions to something that is not real?
Tom Robbins|I think quite a bit of organized religion has become big business. Jesus Christ never sold the word of God. He never gave a sermon and then said, 'For $8.99, you can buy the CD.'
Susumu Katsumata, Red Snow|All children are born to grow, to develop, to live, to love, and to articulate their needs and feelings for their self-protection.
Ronald Geigle, The Woods|Across the world, the lack of accountability for the harm to the environment and public health caused by conflict and military activities undermines global efforts to help fragile countries recover from armed conflicts
Ilyas Kassam|To neglect ones own ability to laugh is the greatest form of Blasphemy, for to laugh is to pray.
Laura Bush|Libraries offer, for free, the wisdom of the ages--and sages--and, simply put, there's something for everyone inside.
Monique Roffey, Sun Dog|Travelling, he'd always thought, was where he'd meet his other self. Somewhere in a foreign place, he would bump into the bit of himself which was lost.
David B. Marshall, Secularizing The Faith: Canadian Protestant Clergy And The Crisis Of Belief, 1850 1940|Evolution,' proclaimed the Rev. Daniel Miner Gordon during his inaugural lecture at Presbyterian College in Halifax, 'with its concept of growth rather than mechanism, of life working from within rather than a power constructing from without, helps further illustrate the method of Him who is the life of all that lives.' Seen in this way, evolution gave evidence of God's existence and watchful Providence; it revealed that the Creator was omniscient and omnipresent. Christian evolution implied a God of immanence, a God who dwelled within and constantly guided the natural world. This contrasted sharply with the orthodox view of a transcendent God who ruled the world from afar and touched it only by the occasional intervention in nature or history - a miracle. It now seemed that God was within nature and history, and close to humankind. Moreover, God the harsh judge had been banished by scientific understanding. It was understood that God was an active benevolent spirit. Some of the mystery had been lifted. Evolution had cast new light upon nature, the destiny of humanity, and the ways of God. It seemed to have provided a more inspiring and certain Christian world-view. Ironically, the clergy could base their arguments regarding the existence and nature of God on science, the source of so much doubt regarding the truth of Christianity.
Aimee Bender, The Girl in the Flammable Skirt|Last day I saw him human, he was sad about the world.
Maeve Brennan|New York City is the most fatally fascinating thing in America. She sits like a great witch at the gate of the country, showing her alluring white face, and hiding her crooked hands and feet under the folds of her wide garments,--constantly enticing thousands from far within, and tempting those who come from across the seas to go no farther. And all these become the victims of her caprice. Some she at once crushes beneath her cruel feet; others she condemns to a fate like that of galley slaves; a few she favors and fondles, riding them high on the bubbles of fortune; then with a sudden breath she blows the bubbles out and laughs mockingly as she watches them fall.
Rick Riordan|Nothing lasts forever. But the thing is, you can reuse some. Use your mind. - Leo's Mother, The Lost Hero
Colin Beavan, No Impact Man|Do we work for and pay for all this convenience in order to live our lives, or do we live our lives in order to work for and pay for all this convenience?
San Juan de la Cruz, Dark Night of the Soul|Until sin be bitter, Christ will not be sweet.
Susan Griffin, A Chorus of Stones: The Private Life of War|What at one time one refuses to see never vanishes but returns, again and again, in many forms.
Evette Davis, Woman King|For a moment, I felt sorry for him. The pain and disappointment of his life hung about him like a cloak. It permeated the air, giving him a rank and bitter scent. This, I mused, was an example of human betrayal left festering, and I felt some compassion for the man whose life had been so disturbed by his wife's ambitions and dishonesty.
Kathryn Bigelow|In men's sports, people criticize coaches and managers all the time, call out teammates, too, and it's not that huge of a deal. Often, the guy speaking out is even lauded for having the courage to tell the truth. When it happens in women's sports, though, it always seems to be viewed as a nasty, claws-out cat fight.
Alyssa Day, Atlantis Unleashed|She’s alive, Alaric. She was wounded, but it was minor,” Alexios said, a rough compassion in his voice. A strange weakness raced through Alaric and he had to fight his own lungs to draw breath. Quinn was wounded. “How minor?” he snarled. “Tell me, now.
Robin S. Sharma|Time is neutral and does not change things. With courage and initiative, leaders change things.
Boris Kodjoe|Within orthodoxy, there is always a danger of faith collapsing into fear.
Kelly Oram, Being Jamie Baker|When life gives you lemons, do NOT make lemonade. Lemonade is for losers. Make orange juice instead.
Christopher Buckley|People say, 'You will be 30 years old; you're too old. You'll get your nose broke,' say dad's a pushy dad. You hear stupid things and put them out of your mind.
Thomas Pynchon, Gravity's Rainbow|Unwell? I was fine, as good as one might feel in such circumstances. No, my friend, I merely pretended to faint. I'm a good actress. Actually, a thought had come into my mind: if a terrorist, I said to myself, were to blow up this church with all of us inside, at least one-tenth of all the hypocrisy in the world would disappear with us. So I had myself escorted out.
P.J. O'Rourke|I can see patterns in events, and behaviors; in mathematics, I follow slower
Christian D. Larson|God helps them that help themselves.” When you begin to help yourself, which means to make the best of what is in yourself, you begin to attract to yourself more and more of those helpful things that may exist all about you. In other words, constructive forces attract constructive forces; positive forces attract positive forces. A growing mind attracts elements and forces that help to promote growth, and people who are determined to make more and more of themselves, are drawn more and more into circumstances through which they will find the opportunity to make more of themselves. And this law works not only in connection with the external world, but also the internal world. When you begin to make a positive determined use of those powers in yourself that are already in positive action, you draw forth into action powers within you that have been dormant, and as this process continues, you will find that you will accumulate volume, capacity and power in your mental world, until you finally become a mental giant.
Ane Krstevska|There is a basic truth about life, It is what you make of it, and whether by mistake or not, you’re going to mess up things once in awhile, but the good part is, you get to choose how to mess it up. You will have friends, some real, some fake. The ones that stand beside you through it all are the real ones. Don’t let go of them. Also remember, Your friends are everything you can wish for. As for lovers, they’ll come and go. And I hate to admit it to you, but the truth is, most of them will break your heart, but that doesn‘t mean you should give up on love, because if you do, then you’ve lost it all. You'll never find that person that completes you. If you tried and you failed doesn’t mean you should stop trying. Keep trying, never give up, and never stop to believe in yourself. Because if you don’t, nobody else will. So never lose focus, believe you will make it and most importantly, always smile, because life’s a beautiful thing and there is so much to smile about in life.
Kari Aguila, Women's Work|Kate stops grinding the knife and begins to pass it over the length of the stone. Turning her wrist, she pulls the blade, swiping one side after the other, honing it to a fine edge. She wipes it dry with an old cloth and picks up a long piece of dark leather. One end of the strop she ties to the knob on the back of her chair, then holds it taught with her left hand. She counts in her head as she passes the blade over the length of the leather, flipping it at the bottom and the top of each pass. When she gets to twenty, she releases her hold on the strop and looks closely at the knife blade. Even in the dim light of the room, it shines.
Unarine Ramaru|Terriers are problem solvers. They'll do what you tell them, but only if it happens to be in line with what they wanted to do anyway.
Loren Weisman|In an age of constant live connections, the central question of self-examination is drifting from ‘Who are you?’ towards ‘What are you doing?
Jeff Abbott, Trust Me|All seek perfection from our parents … Just wait till your parents start depending on you, that is when your own perfection, or lack thereof, will be apparent.
Diplo|Selling MP3s or physical copies, it's still cool, but I think it's slowly becoming outdated to where people just want to build a culture.
Chelsea Handler, My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands|I can't," I said. "I threw my back out masturbating.
Daniel Black, Perfect Peace|When I consider Life, 'tis all a cheat;Yet, fooled with hope, men favour the deceit;Trust on, and think to-morrow will repay:To-morrow's falser than the former day;Lies worse; and while it says, we shall be blestWith some new joys, cuts off what we possesst.
D.J. MacHale, The Light|I'm not sure why that story came back to me while I sat huddled in Sydney's car on the way to the lake. It happened so long ago. I guess maybe it was because it gave me the assurance that when things got bad, there were certain people you could always count on.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|Failing is great! Isn't it? I mean, it sets you free and, after all, failures are the pillars of success. So, you must fail!
Hanya Yanagihara|Essentially, I'm untrained, so I just go with my imagination and try to put myself as solidly as I can into the shoes of whatever person I'm going to be playing.
Bone Thugs and Harmony|And we pray, and we pray and we pray and we pray.Everyday, everyday, everyday, everyday…
Edmund Burke|We can never sneer at the stars, mock the dawn, or scoff at the totality of being.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|He thought back to everything that happened the night before: the hooded men, the chase, his tired heart and weak legs. The very moment in which Mathias realized it was over, when he'd decided to sacrifice his own life in order to save the young man by his side, the monk had found something fundamental inside himself. Deep in his soul, in that hidden place that can only be discovered when a person finds himself poised on the edge of the abyss, gasping what he thought was his last breath, he'd suddenly seen it. Only then did he realize what he held dearest in his heart. Because the last thing to cross his mind, what he'd thought about the moment he'd spun around, prepared to impale himself on the blade, had been a face. No thoughts of God or faith or any other saint. A face. That's when everything became clear.
Corrie ten Boom, The Hiding Place: The Triumphant True Story of Corrie Ten Boom|All through the short afternoon they kept coming, the people who counted themselves Father's friends. Young and old, poor and rich, scholarly gentlemen and illiterate servant girls—only to Father did it seem that they were all alike. That was Father's secret: not that he overlooked the differences in people; that he didn't know they were there.
Jolie Booth, The Girl Who'll Rule the World|My body is not a temple. It’s a skip,
T. E. Hulme|For me, conferences are like little mental vacations: a chance to go visit an interesting place for a couple of days, and come back rested and refreshed with new ideas and perspectives.
Plutarch|The questions we ask ourselves, in our head, determine where we focus, how we think, how we feel, and what we decide and do.
W. Edwards Deming|For most inhabitants of the Arab world, the prevailing cultural attitude toward women - fed and encouraged by Wahhabi doctrine, which is based on Bedouin social norms rather than Islamic jurisprudence - often trumps the rights accorded to women by Islam.
Maya Angelou|You have setbacks in your life, and adversity. You can be discouraged about it or have courage to get through it and be better.
Robert Tew|Until you see fear as an opportunity for growth, you won't grow beyond your current self.
Confucius|Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses.
Leopold von Sacher-Masoch, Venus in Furs|In general, the more dysfunctional the family the more inappropriate their response to disclosure. Never expect a sane response from an insane system.
John G. Stackhouse Jr., Making the Best of It: Following Christ in the Real World|Human" is a kind of midway creature, reflecting God into the world, and reflecting the world back to God.
Rosamund Hodge, Crimson Bound|Do you think he would dare half as much for your love as I have?”“No,” she said. “He never could. That’s why I love him.”“You were desperate for me.”“Desperate. Not happy.” For the first time in all the years she had known him, she truly pitied him. “You can never, ever make me happy. My heart will never rest in you.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Faye, if you got eaten by another shark, would you please at least have the decency to say so? My time is kind of limited, if you know what I’m sayin’.
Henning Mankell|My daughter has a vivid imagination, and so does my son.
DeAnna Kinney|I was crying on the back-porch swing. You came out with a corsage of fresh forget-me-nots and roses, and a handkerchief. You told me any guy worth my time would always come to me with flowers and a handkerchief. One to make me smile, and the other to dry my tears, because a smart guy knows women need to cry as much as they need to laugh.
Anita B. Sulser PhD, We Are One|Women that speak against Islam are being labelled as islamophobic, as though our right to free speech is disregarded, when it comes down to an oppressive regime, which does not even recognise women as human...
Lisa McKnight, The Tax Protest Love Romp in London: when complaining REALLY pays off|Her insides began to roar with a ferocious explosion of sensation and entitlement. For a moment, her thinking mind know this was what male and females were put on earth to do.
Christian Dior|Aviation offered such fun as crossing the continent in planes large and small, trying the whirling rotors of an autogiro, making record flights. With these activities came opportunity to know women everywhere who shared my conviction that there is so much women can do in the modern world and should be permitted to do irrespective of their sex.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|If you learn from every mistake, you never fail at anything.
Peter F. Hamilton, Great North Road|Eve: "Where's Mister Scary?"Roarke: "Summerset has the night off."Eve: "You mean the house is Summerset-free? Damn shame we have to waste it with work.
Caitlyn Paige|The seventh reader interrupts you: "Do you believe that every story must have a beginning and an end? In ancient times a story could only end in two ways: having passed all the tests, the hero and heroine married, or else they died. The ultimate meaning to which all stories refer has two faces: the continuity of life, the inevitability of death."You stop for a moment to reflect on these words. Then, in a flash, you decide you want to marry Ludmilla.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Heart of the Buddha's Teaching: Transforming Suffering into Peace, Joy, and Liberation|O Brahmana, it is just like a mountain river, flowing far and swift, taking everything along with it; there is no moment, no instant, no second when it stops flowing, but goes on flowing and continuing. So Brahmana, is human life, like a mountain river." As Buddha told Ratthpala : "The world is a continuous flux and is impermanent.
Abhijit Naskar|Once you reach the brink of your will power, you have two options - either give up, or keep going. That decision decides whether you'll reach your goal.
Ramana Pemmaraju|We donot qualify as humans going by our acts, but we surely prove through our vulnerability and sufferings!
Christopher T. Garry|Write down what your reader needs, no more, no less. Reading should be textured, but not obscure. Henry James could make an entire paragraph out of a single sentence. The reader is completely sensory deprived of the story until the words show the way. If a reader were practiced, then James’ prose could be followed and appreciated for its economy and elegance.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|People think kindness is a soft, weak, submissive influence when in reality it is the most potent, persuasive force in existence.
Debasish Mridha|Love is a strong seed, planted in my soul of kindness to grow the plants compassion and flowers of happiness.
C.J. Anderson, Enter Ruinland|Just say it, she thought. Say what everyone in this bunker is thinking. Say what we all know to be true. The truth that we are all going to die down here, and death is the end. Nobody wakes up to a heaven or paradise. Your life will be gone. You will be gone. Forever. Uncover the truth. Tear off the bandages of delusion. Open your hearts and minds to the real world. We were doomed the day we were born. We lived and we will die and the only immortals are the people who did something worth remembering while they lived. My genetics are prime. I am pleasing to the eyes of man and machine. A dripping fountain of pleasure. Their organic sanctuary. And in time? Aging. Fading. Graying. What am I? Who am I? What makes me human? Emotions? My conscience? The soul is an old testament myth. No one shall ascend anywhere except into annihilation. The dust of earth and stars are the only eternals, she said.
Kate Northrup, Money, A Love Story: Untangling Your Finances, Creating the Life You Really Want, and Living Your Purpose|Many of those who elected to remain might have escaped. 'Chivalry' is a mild appellation for their conduct. Some of the vaunted knights of old were desperate cowards by comparison. A fight in the open field, or jousting in the tournament, did not call out the manhood in a man as did the waiting till the great ship took the final plunge, in the knowledge that the seas round about were covered with loving and yearning witnesses whose own salvation was not assured.
Debasish Mridha|Opportunity will not only knock on the door when you are ready, it will stand just next to the door to open it.
Sol Luckman, Beginner's Luke|Over the years most of my peers had come to hate me—I never understood why. I guess I was just different and, like dogs, they could smell it. So I never had many friends.
John Green|Socrates insisted that there's a strong connection between your philosophy (how you interpret the world, what you think is important in life) and your mental and physical health. Different beliefs lead to different emotional states...
Elon Musk|Geography has made us neighbors. History has made us friends. Economics has made us partners, and necessity has made us allies. Those whom God has so joined together, let no man put asunder.
Toni Sorenson|In God's economy, nothing is slag, nothing is wasted. Every relationship we build is a teacher, every experience we have is a coach. In every scar there is a lesson. In every memory there lives potential to make more.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|When you run up against someone else’s shamelessness, ask yourself this: Is a world without shamelessness possible?No. Then don’t ask the impossible. There have to be shameless people in the world. This is one of them. The same for someone vicious or untrustworthy, or with any other defect. Remembering that the whole world class has to exist will make you more tolerant of its members.
Lisa Kleypas, Dreaming of You|I didn't want to give you the one last part of myself that I couldn't take back. And then you were gone... And I realized it was already yours. It had been since the beginning. Except that I hadn't told you. It drove me mad, the thought that you would never know.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new.
Beth Nimmo, Rachel's Tears: The Spiritual Journey of Columbine Martyr Rachel Scott|A friend is someone who can brighten your day with a simple smile, when others try to do it with a thousand words.
John F. Kennedy|Motherhood has taught me the meaning of living in the moment and being at peace. Children don't think about yesterday, and they don't think about tomorrow. They just exist in the moment.
Elizabeth Smart, By Grand Central Station I Sat Down and Wept|Only remember: I am not the ease, but the end.I am not to blind you, but to find you.What you think is the sirens singing to lure you to your doom is only the voice of the inevitable, welcoming you after so long a wait. I was made only for you.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|Using words to talk of words is like using a pencil to draw a picture of itself, on itself. Impossible. Confusing. Frustrating ... but there are other ways to understanding.
G.K. Chesterton, The Everlasting Man|When a library is open, no matter its size or shape, democracy is open, too.
François-René de Chateaubriand, René|Le passé et le présent sont deux statues incomplètes: l'une a été retirée toute mutilée du débris des âges, l'autre n'a pas encore reçu sa perfection de l'avenir.
Frank Herbert, Children of Dune|I realize that humans cannot bear very much reality. Most lives are a flight from selfhood. Most prefer the truths of the stable. You stick your heads into the stanchions and munch contentedly until you die. Others use you for their purposes. Not once do you live outside the stable to lift your head and be your own creature. Muad'Dib came to tell you about that. Without understanding his message, you cannot revere him!
Debra Fileta, True Love Dates: Your Indispensable Guide to Finding the Love of your Life|Once you've charmed a girl and prove how mature and independent you are, just ask her out.
Debra Anastasia|Don't put off happiness you can have today. Tomorrow is a hope, not a promise
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Discourse on the Origin of Inequality|Now-a-days, men wear a fool's cap, and call it a liberty cap.
Jim Norton, I Hate Your Guts|While There may be power in forgiveness, there is even more power in lobbing a Molotov cocktail through someone's dining room window.
Elizabeth Peters, Lion in the Valley|I was beginning to fear that you had turned into one of those boring females who can only say 'Yes, my dear' ... You know very well, Peabody, that our little discussions are the spice of life -- 'The pepper in the soup of marriage' -- Very aptly put, Peabody. If you become meek and acquiescent, I will put an advertisement in the Times telling Sethos to drop by and collect you. Promise me you will never stop scolding...
Jim Harrison, The Man Who Gave Up His Name|Perhaps swimming was dancing under the water, he thought. To swim under lily pads seeing their green slender stalks wavering as you passed, to swim under upraised logs past schools of sunfish and bluegills, to swim through reed beds past wriggling water snakes and miniature turtles, to swim in small lakes, big lakes, Lake Michigan, to swim in small farm ponds, creeks, rivers, giant rivers where one was swept along easefully by the current, to swim naked alone at night when you were nineteen and so alone you felt like you were choking every waking moment, having left home for reasons more hormonal than rational; reasons having to do with the abstraction of the future and one's questionable place in the world of the future, an absurdity not the less harsh for being so widespread.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|Oh, I'm not saying that alcohol is perfect. It has caused its share of problems. Russia is only one example.
Rachel Hawkins, Demonglass|Concealing himself from his father's wrath, behind the barn with wick turned low and his face two inches from the rough sawtooth page, Young Crawford had read of these atrocities in Beadle's Dime Library and fantasized about "calling out" the brutal old man who had sired him, "throwing down" on him with the "hogleg" he wore high on his hip, and blasting him into hell; after which he would go "on the scout," separating high-interest banks and arrogant railroad barons from their soiled coin and distributing it among their victims, or failing that into his own pockets and saddle pouches and living the "high Life" in saloons and "dance halls" where beautiful women in brief costumes admired his straight legs and square jaw and told him of the men who had "ruined" them (he knew not just how, only that the act was disgraceful and its effects permanent), whereupon he sought the blackguards out and deprived them of their lives. There was usually profit involved; invariably the men were thieves who lived in close proximity to their "ill-gotten booty," and didn't it say somewhere in Scripture that robbing a thief was no sin? If it didn't, it should have.
Magic Johnson|Music has done a lot to enhance the emotions of sports. It's played in arenas. Whenever there is footage cut together they're always using music. And it goes together, you know.
Michelle Franklin, I Hate Summer: My tribulations with seasonal depression, anxiety, plumbers, spiders, neighbours, and the world.|It is 32c today, and the only thing keeping me from hanging myself is the small sense of relief I glean from attaching my body to the vents of my delicious cooling piece. It is a stunning unit, exquisite in all its forms, exceptional in its application, and effective in all its functions. I would marry it, if only I knew it would not die on me sometime within the next five years. Appliances, like obedient children or silent extroverts, cannot last forever, and while my unbidden affection kept my other air conditioner alive for the better part of ten years, not all inanimate objects can be fueled by my love.
Shannon L. Alder|You will never change, unless you are honest with yourself or you are forced to be authentic by someone that was honest with him or herself.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|There are many hypotheses in physics of almost comparable brilliance and elegance that have beenrejected because they did not survive such a confrontation with experiment. In my view, the human condition would be greatly improved if such confrontations and willingness to reject hypotheses were a regular part of our social, political, economic, religious and cultural lives.
Roger Allam, Players of Shakespeare 2: Further Essays in Shakespearean Performance by Players with the Royal Shakespeare Company|[Measure for Measure] leaves me with the sense that life is all there is, so we might as well live it as best we can; that being human is not a given something we have to strive for. That the reason we are here is to live and that this involves making many difficult judgements.
Joe Abercrombie, Best Served Cold|2 + 2 equal 4... so far I don't think it will change to 5 or 6, it's near to fact, but the probability of the ability... equals not a fact!
Maile Meloy, Do Not Become Alarmed|They had started one of those wish-fulfillment kids’ adventure books, where the boy hero has exactly the qualities he needs to triumph, at every moment… She’d been bored and annoyed, and at one point she tried to explain to Sebastian why it wasn’t her favor-ite of his books. But Sebastian had loved the book unreservedly. Why hadn’t she just read the fucking thing with gusto and relished every moment with her son? Why had she brought her adult judgment and professional story opinions to a book her kid loved? Of course the child hero should always triumph! Who wanted a kids’ book to feel like real life? Real life was fucking intolerable.
Herbert Lockyer|Prayer, to the patriarchs and prophets, was more than the recital of well-known and well-worn phrases. It was the outpouring of the heart. Beset by perils, persecutions, pain and privations, they naturally turned to God in their need, believing that He was able to redeem them out of their troubles.
William Bernbach|Wikipedia was a big help for science, especially science communication, and it shows no sign of diminishing in importance.
Lysette Anthony|A drone is a high-tech version of an old army and a musket. It ought to be used in Somalia to hunt bad guys, but not in America. I don't want to see it hovering over anybody's home.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Rises|Leaving what is safe so you can be more, Derek said. The cage is what the bird knows; the sky is all the things he still wants to do even if it's a risk.
J.R. Scott, Tales of High-Tech Female Dominance Volume II: Nanobots|I came to therapy thinking that my sexuality didn’t matter, but it turned out that every part of my personality was intimately connected. Cutting one piece damaged the rest.
Thomas a Kempis|When finally I mustered the courage to tell a novelist friend that I was talking to editors about a biography, her reply was, 'Oh, that's okay. That's not a real book.'
Jeanette LeBlanc|Nothing big ever happens, good or bad, unless the floor falls out first.Let your longing wind you down through that spiral. And know that falling can be the most wickedly awesome and totally safe thing you’ve ever done. Down, down, down, because when you hit that solid ground you’ll know.You might touch down softly, or you might land in an ungraceful thud. But land you will and when you’re ready, you can stretch your shaky legs, dust yourself off tossing your head back to the heavens and proclaim ‘Here I am! All that I am, and all that I will be.”And your heart will still love what it loves. And you will remember that was good in you, and in her. And these memories will comfort and will serve you as you move through life, open to love – wherever and whenever it finds you.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Were a million people to believe in bullshit, it yet is just bull crap.
Anne Bradstreet|There is, we are aware, a philosophy that denies the infinite. There is also a philosophy, classified as pathologic, that denies the sun; this philosophy is called blindness. To set up a theory that lacks a source of truth is an excellent example of blind assurance. And the odd part of it is the haughty air of superiority and compassion assumed toward the philosophy that sees God, by this philosophy that has to grope its way. It makes one think of a mole exclaiming, "How I pity them with their sun!" There are, we know, illustrious and powerful atheists; with them, the matter is nothing but a question of definitions, and at all events, even if they do not believe in God, they prove God, because they are great minds. We hail, in them, the philosophers, while, at the same time, inexorably disputing their philosophy.
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|Almost any established decision procedure is better than a resort to force; for when force is used, people get hurt and the desire for retaliation is likely to lead to more violence. Moreover, most decision procedures produce results at least as beneficial and just as a resort to force.
George Washington|Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you want your dream to come true, you must do a lot of work.
Elle Pierson, Artistic License|I’m a man of words, yet you rob me of them every single time.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A bird in a nest is secure, but that is not why God gave it wings.
Jenny Han, P.S. I Still Love You|Instead I just stand there, tears running down my cheeks in nameless emotion that tastes of joy and of grief. Joy for the being of the shimmering world and grief for what we have lost. The grasses remember the nights they were consumed by fire, lighting the way back with a conflagration of love between species. Who today even knows what that means? I drop to my knees in the grass and I can hear the sadness, as if the land itself was crying for its people: Come home. Come home.There are often other walkers here. I suppose that’s what it means when they put down the camera and stand on the headland, straining to hear above the wind with that wistful look, the gaze out to sea. They look like they’re trying to remember what it would be like to love the world.
Stephen Graham, The Gentle Art of Tramping|...Nature becomes your teacher, and from her you will learn what is beautiful and who you are and what is your special quest in life and whither you should go...You live on manna vouchsafed to you daily, miraculously. You stretch out arms for hidden gifts, you year toward the moonbeams and the stars, you listen with new ears to bird's songs and the murmurs of trees and streams....From day to day you keep your log, your day-book of the soul, and you may think at first that it is a mere record of travel and of facts; but something else will be entering into it, poetry, the new poetry of your life, and it will be evident to a seeing eye that you are gradually becoming an artist in life, you are learning the gentle art of tramping, and it is giving you an artist's joy in creation.
Karin Slaughter|When I was about 12 years old back in Houston, my Dad used to take us to the driving range.
Dharma Publishing, Ways of Enlightenment|There is only one power which can from within undermine egoism at the root, and really does undermine it, namely love, and chiefly sexual love. The falsehood and evil of egoism consists in the exclusive acknowledgement of absolute significance for oneself and in the denial of it for others. Reason shows us that this is unfounded and unjust, but simply by the facts love directly abrogates such an unjust relation, compelling us not by abstract consciousness, but by an internal emotion and the will of life to recognize for ourselves the absolute significance of another. Recognizing in love the truth of another, not abstractly, but essentially, transferring in deed the centre of our life beyond the limits of our empirical personality, we by so doing reveal and realize our own real truth, our own absolute significance, which consists just in our capacity to transcend the borders of our factual phenomenal being, in our capacity to live not only in ourselves, but also in another.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Roses," she thought sardonically, "All trash, m’dear.
Alexandra Paul|As we have seen, the wireless and the airplane have made the world so small and nations so dependent on each other that the only alternative to war is the United States of the World.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|[R]emain open to not knowing, perhaps allowing yourself to come to the point of admitting, "I don't know," and then experimenting with relaxing a bit into this not knowing instead of condemning yourself for it. After all, in this moment, it may be an accurate statement of how things are for you.
Shane Phillips|I dont care if you have the smallest part to do with my life or the largest, I love everyone I've ever met, and if you don't like me i still respect you as a person rather than hate you for what you believe in.
TheKatAttack|English teachers, workshops, and myths try to make writers slow down. We are the ONLY ART on the planet that tells young artists to not practice and do less to get better. Head-shaking in its stupidity. And new writers buy into that.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|You cannot hinder someone’s free will, that’s the first law of the Universe, no matter what the decision.
Rachel Roy|I've always wanted to design a home collection line because growing up, I was obsessed with reorganizing my room.
Dorothy Parker, While Rome Burns|If all the girls attending [the Yale prom] were laid end to end, I wouldn't be at all surprised.
Cristin Harber|Oh, a grenade. But where is the bamboo bazooka?
Nancy Glynn, Lana's Calling|Are you both drunk?” I headed up the ladder and propped myself on a swing with no problem. “Correction, dear brother.” Hex held one finger in the air. “We’re exquisitely tipsy.
Pope John Paul I, Illustrissimi: Letters from Pope John Paul I|There was no fear of sandpaper earth, no sense of danger from a bare-skinned spill, for the boy was a child—a six-foot, one-inch growing child who knew nothing of accident, injury, dismemberment, death—who would study those lessons tomorrow, thank you, but not today. Today, it would be sufficient to be wild and free.
Albert Camus, Notebooks 1935-1942|Every time a man (myself) gives way to vanity, every time he thinks and lives in order to show off, this is a betrayal. Every time, it has always been the great misfortune of wanting to show off which has lessened me in the presence of the truth. We do not need to reveal ourselves to others, but only to those we love. For then we are no longer revealing ourselves in order to seem but in order to give. There is much more strength in a man who reveals himself only when it is necessary. I have suffered from being alone, but because I have been able to keep my secret I have overcome the suffering of loneliness. To go right to the end implies knowing how to keep one’s secret. And, today, there is no greater joy than to live alone and unknown.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are.
Al Jarreau|That's what Kiss is all about - not just music, but entertainment, y'know? We're there to take you away from your problems, and rock and roll all night and party every day for those two hours you're at the concert.
John le Carré, The Constant Gardener|Tessa distinguished absolutely between pain observed and pain shared. Pain observed is journalistic pain. It’s diplomatic pain. It’s television pain, over as soon as you switch off your beastly set. Those who watch suffering and do nothing about it, in her book, were little better than those who inflicted it. They were the bad Samaritans.
Brock Clarke, An Arsonist's Guide to Writers' Homes in New England|Because this is another thing your average American man in crisis does: he tries to go home, forgetting, momentarily, that he is the reason he left home in the first place, that the home is not his anymore, and that the crisis is him.
John Ajvide Lindqvist, Let the Right One In|He couldn't have pulled back the lock, they couldn't simply have climbed over the sides of the stall in all of three seconds, because those weren't the rules of the game.Theirs was the intoxication of the hunter, his the terror of the prey. Once they had actually captured him the fun was over and the punishment more of a duty that had to be carried out. If he gave up too early there was a chance they would put more of their energy into the punishment instead of the hunt.
Maxim Gorky|Our existence has always and everywhere been tragic, but man has converted these numberless tragedies into works of art. I know of nothing more astonishing or more wonderful than this transformation.
Guy de Maupassant|For thought is a bird of space, that in a cage of words may indeed unfold its wings but cannot fly.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|You must be willing to be disciplined as well as make personal sacrifices. It takes discipline to go through rigorous training and study programs. You need a coach or coaches and sometimes mates to help you stick to your planned program in execution of your responsibilities. To be excellent and effective, the non-essentials must give up time and space in your life – some sacrifices have to be made. Work hard and work smart.
Alan Dershowitz|The fact is that people are good, Give people affection and security, and they will give affection and be secure in their feelings and their behavior.
Neal Shusterman|People always have choices. They might not always have options, but they do have choices.
Émile Zola, Nana|The law, instead of cleansing the heart from sin, doth revive it, put strength into, and increase it in the soul, even as it doth discover and forbid it, for it doth not give power to subdue.
Mahatma Gandhi|When I was 14 or 15, our teacher introduced us to Dickens' 'A Tale of Two Cities.' It was just for entertainment - we read it aloud - and all of a sudden it became a treasure.
Jessica Anya Blau, Drinking Closer to Home|She understands suddenly that the stuff that fills her up is not the love or attention she might get from other people; it is the love she herself has for other people. We are, Portia decides, the people we love
Lewis Carroll|Everything that happens, happens at the only possible time it can happen, and it is always at exactly the right time. We cannot get to an appointment before we arrive—or after. It is only at the instant of our arrival that we can arrive, and that is always at exactly the right moment, the perfect moment, the only possible moment.
Jamie Dimon|We are involved in technology development for, you know, missions that we hope to plan that would take us to an asteroid and eventually to Mars.
Cherie Colyer, Hold Tight|If my sister were a character in a Victorian drama, she would be the snobbish rich girl with a penchant for talking shit about everyone behind their fan.
Joan Rivers|Obviously, there's a part of me that takes the world of violence and death very seriously. However, when it comes to protection, or when it comes to just the skill of shooting... I've gone to the range with sniper rifles and things like that.
Hermann Hesse, Knulp|Sleeping is terrifying.When you close your eyes and surrender your consciousness to the void, you lose yourself—voluntarily—and you're trustingly assuming you'll find yourself back out of the labyrinth again.Usually you do.But sometimes you don't.It's that uncertainty, more than anything, which kills me. That I might not wake up, and wouldn't know it.That I could be dead, dreaming I'm alive.
Mindee Arnett, The Nightmare Charade|The future is never fixed, but always in flux until the moment it meets with the present.
Marlen Komar, Ugly People Beautiful Hearts|And me, standing under the splintered night, catching fractured glimpses into the black behind the black, hearing the prayers of stars, the angry whispers of the dark summer night.Its voice cracks,on your name.My eyes close,on your name.
Doug Aitken|I don't think that VR is going to lead to humanity being enslaved in the matrix or letting the world crumble around us. I think it's going to end up being a great technology that brings closer people together, that allows for better communication, that reduces a lot of environmental waste that we're currently doing in the real world.
Emanuel Swedenborg|What better is there to sigh for than happiness, yesterday's or tomorrow's.
M.F. Moonzajer|Arrogance and selfishness are not the only reasons behind our loneliness, but most often we used to be alone because of them.
Bohdi Sanders, Modern Bushido: Living a Life of Excellence|For things to be right on the outside, they first have to be right on the inside.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|Without God’s help and His grace, it is impossible for a country to be transformed
Lisa Henry, Dark Space|Don’t go near that elevator—that’s just what they want us to do…trap us in a steel box and take us down to the basement!” − Raoul Duke, Fear & Loathing in Las Vegas“Please, please I don’t want my soul tethered to the Net, my mind impregnated by the Data Stream, or my body enslaved by the Grid. I am a Homo Sapiens, dammit, and I can be a Trog and live in the soup if I want to!” − Pagan Paul
Bil Keane|It is the ability to take a joke, not make one, that proves you have a sense of humor.
Michael Schumacher|I think there's something really freeing about improv, that it's a collective, creative, in-the-moment piece. That's really exciting and really frustrating, because it's there and gone. There's an amazing interaction with the audience that happens because they are very much another scene partner.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|Humans are funny. The more someone doesn’t want someone, the more that someone wants that someone. The time came when she started pulling away. She had developed a tendency to focus on the things that she didn’t respect in him and eventually that’s all she saw.
Thomas Pynchon, Gravity's Rainbow|Even the proud in all their boasting, must fall silent before the wise.
Ruby Rose|I'm a really bad liar. My mom finds out every time, especially now that she's got Facebook.
anonymous, from "The Anthenaeum", 1877, in review of Thoreau|With…love of wind, there is no surer test of genuine Nature instinct that this. Any body can love sunshine.
Monica Alexander, Just Watch the Fireworks|Allow me to spell it out for you,” I said calmly. “I am still absolutely terrified of marriage, but I would marry you tonight if it was a way for me to prove how much I believe that you’re the guy for me.
Marcel Proust|I think that life would suddenly seem wonderful to us if we were threatened to die as you say. Just think of how many projects, travels, love affairs, studies, it–our life–hides from us, made invisible by our laziness which, certain of a future, delays them incessantly.‘But let all this threaten to become impossible for ever, how beautiful it would become again! Ah! If only the cataclysm doesn’t happen this time, we won’t miss visiting the new galleries of the Louvre, throwing ourselves at the feet of Miss X, making a trip to India.‘The cataclysm doesn’t happen, we don’t do any of it, because we find ourselves back in the heart of normal life, where negligence deadens desire. And yet we shouldn’t have needed the cataclysm to love life today. It would have been enough to think that we are humans, and that death may come this evening.
John Kenneth Galbraith, The Age of Uncertainty|Man, at least when educated, is a pessimist. He believes it safer not to reflect on his achievements; Jove is known to strike such people down.
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|All he really knew was that if he stayed here he would soon be the property of things that buzzed and snorted and hissed, that gave off fumes or stenches. In six months, he would be the owner of a large pink, trained ulcer, a blood pressure of algebraic dimensions, a myopia this side of blindness, and nightmares as deep as oceans and infested with improbable lengths of dream intestines through which he must violently force his way each night.
Michael Hayden|My work requires acting at its most committed - it demands actors of enormous resilience, but also intelligence and wit. It doesn't work for narcissistic or selfish actors.
James Nestor, Deep: Freediving, Renegade Science, and What the Ocean Tells Us about Ourselves|It is as if we find ourselves on a ship in the middle of the ocean, with the captain making the point that we are free to leave.
Maz Jobrani|Change is always tough. Even for those who see themselves as agents of change, the process of starting a new thing can cause times of disorientation, uncertainty and insecurity.
Evy Michaels|I could feel her heart break from a thousand miles away, I cried her tears, I mourned her loss. I saw the pain beneath that smile, the strength behind those eyes. Our silence spoke about our presence...What a conniving double edged sword pain is, breaking and binding us concurrently. Such a profound thing love is, that someone once a stranger I now call mother
Edward Torvalds|So in my uncertainty, I went to graduate school and there it all happened
Ogden Nash|Some pains are physical, and some pains are mental, but the one that's both is dental.
Steve Almond|But the real life of a writer resides in showing up at the keyboard every day, with the necessary patience and mercy, and making the best decisions you can on behalf of your people. It’s a slow process. It often feels hopeless, more like an affliction than an art form.Most of us will have to find our readers one by one, in other words, and against considerable resistance. If anything qualifies us as heroic, it’s that private perpetual struggle.Put down the magazine, soldier. Forget about the other guy. Remember who you are.
Mary Norris, Between You  Me: Confessions of a Comma Queen|For me, art in our time is strongest when it is aware of science, includes science, is inspired by science, or is about science. On the linguistic level, the new words coined by scientists to describe their new discoveries form a giant growing lexicon that means English is simply bursting with new possibilities, resembling the Elizabethan age in that respect. Then conceptually, science is creating new stories to tell, by deluging us with new information and potentialities. In this deluge we need art to do its usual job of sorting things out, by giving things their human dimension and by exploring how they might feel and what they might mean. So to me the arts and the sciences are completely intertwined. Maybe that's always been true, but now more than ever.
Quetzal|I was taught to follow the light, but the light got me lost, I was taught to see the light, but the light blinded my sight.It was the light who gave me judgment, and the judge was cruel and sick,I was taught to love the light, but darkness woke me up, and I was free.
Elizabeth Berg|He grunted and stirred, withdrawing from her. She only had a moment to be disappointed and then he flipped her to her back and rose over her, powerful and male. He casually parted her legs with his knees and thrust into her again, hot and hard.She gasped at the swift invasion, the lovely feeling, and then his face was next to hers, his big palms cradling her cheeks.“What I want,” he drawled, “is ye. Nothin’ else.
Thomas Dukes, Baptist Confidential|Now I stand before houses seton our secret trail, the haunt of arrowheadsand lost Indians the color of small plums,rooms in which the new boys play, tamedby computers and a summer waste of games,where once, in these woods, we tasted wild fruit.
Kate Forsyth, The Beast's Garden|I'm not brave,' Ava replied huskily. 'If you only knew how afraid I really am. Sometimes I think I am afraid of everything.' 'But isn't that what being brave is all about? Being afraid, but doing it anyway?
C. JoyBell C.|I think that, generally, people of the world typify a "free and wild" person as someone who's uprooted, detached and uninhibited. But I don't believe in that kind of freedom. I think that's an infantile concept. Freedom means something when it has escaped something! Those people who escaped things— their inner cages, cages set by others around them— when those people are able to roam free and say, "This is who I am because this is who I choose to be", THAT is freedom. Freedom isn't being stupid; freedom is being so smart that you develop a strength strong enough to break free and become your own person. A better person than what your circumstances would like to define you as.
Adam Bryant, The Corner Office: Indispensable and Unexpected Lessons from CEOs on How to Lead and Succeed|People leave companies for two reasons. One, they don't feel appreciated. And two, they don't get along with their boss.
Kahlil Gibran|And my heart bled within me; for you can only be free when even the desire of seeking freedom becomes a harness to you, and when you cease to speak of freedom as a goal and a fullfilment. you should be free indeed when your days are not without care nor your nights without a word and a grief, but rather when these things girdle your life and yet you rise above them naked unbound.
Anthony Liccione|They have their opinions, but we have the answers.
Joan Crawford|I lost money, coaching jobs, a shot at the Hall of Fame.
J.R. Ward, The King|... go down to the country, take a house, get interested in local politics, in local scandal, in village gossip. Take an inquisitive and violent interest in your neighbours.
Peter L. Berger|For when we talk about the spreading power and influence of globalization, aren't we really referring to the spreading economic and military might of the US?
Roshan Sharma|The journey towards God has to be travel on your own. All the fear, setbacks, motivation, inspiration has to be pulled from inside.
Julian Huxley, Man in the Modern World|But if God and immortality be repudiated, what is left? That is the question usually thrown at the atheist's head. The orthodox believer likes to think that nothing is left. That, however, is because he has only been accustomed to think in terms of his orthodoxy. In point of fact, a great deal is left.That is immediately obvious from the fact that many men and women have led active, or self-sacrificing, or noble, or devoted lives without any belief in God or immortality. Buddhism in its uncorrupted form has no such belief; nor did the great nineteenth-century agnostics; nor do the orthodox Russian Communists; nor did the Stoics. Of course, the unbelievers have often been guilty of selfish or wicked actions; but so have the believers. And in any case that is not the fundamental point. The point: is that without these beliefs men and women may yet possess the mainspring of full and purposive living, and just as strong a sense that existence can be worth while as is possible to the most devout believers.
H. P. Lovecraft|There's a fun, nostalgic aspect to Legos - people connect to the art on a different level. But it's also a medium that lets me design anything I can imagine. I especially enjoy creating curvy forms using rectangular pieces. Up close, you notice the sharp angles, but when you back away, the corners blend into curves.
Donald Trump|There's no such thing as going to a soapbox and saying, 'The government's corrupt,' and not having the intelligence service see your face. In the digital world, that can be done.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|A crimson fire that vanquishes the stars;A pungent odor from the dusty sage;A sudden stirring of the huddled herds;A breaking of the distant table-landsThrough purple mists ascending, and the flareOf water ditches silver in the light;A swift, bright lance hurled low across the world;A sudden sickness for the hills of home.
Sebastian Pole, Discovering the True You with Ayurveda: How to Nourish, Rejuvenate, and Transform Your Life|Humanity shares a common ancestry with all living things on Earth. We often share especially close intimacies with the microbial world. In fact, only a small percentage of the cells in the human body are human at all. Yet, the common biology and biochemistry that unites us also makes us susceptible to contracting and transmitting infectious disease.
Iris Murdoch|You desire the end but close your eyes to the means. You want the garden to be beautiful, provided that the smell of manure is kept well away from your fastidious nose.
Jasmine Ann Cooray|The fear of meeting the opposition of envy, or the illiberality of ignorance is, no doubt, the frequent cause of preventing many ingenious men from ushering opinions into the world which deviate from common practice. Hence for want of energy, the young idea is shackled with timidity and a useful thought is buried in the impenetrable gloom of eternal oblivion.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|When you know the impact of little expenses, you will realise that there is nothing little in this world.
Debasish Mridha|Be a person who radiates love, compassion, kindness, tranquility, serenity, peace and joy to burn and purify everything around you.
Samuel Johnson|The standardization of world culture, with local popular or traditional forms driven out or dumbed down to make way for American television, American music, food, clothes and films, has been seen by many as the very heart of globalization.
Andrew Cohen, Evolutionary Enlightenment: A New Path to Spiritual Awakening|But sometimes, by the deserving and the fortunate, even that task is accomplished. And when it is accomplished— behold!— all the truth of life is there: a moment of vision, a sigh, a smile— and the return to an eternal rest.
Mark Morford|But in any case, validity, offender self-reports have dubious validity, especially when the offender's self-interest is at stake. The only rule for deception in sex offenders I have ever found is this: If it is in the offender's best interests to lie, and if he can do it and not get caught, he will lie. Being victimized as a child has become a ready excuse for perpetrating child molestation. The offender who claims he himself was victimized gets seen as less of a "monster" than one who wasn't a victim, and he gains much more empathy and support. It is hard to trust self-reports of sex offenders about abuse in their past when such reports are in their best interest.Only a few studies on this topic have used objective measures, and they have found very different results.[102]
Albert Camus, Notebooks, 1935-1951|It is not humiliating to be unhappy. Physical suffering is sometimes humiliating, but the suffering of being cannot be, it is life.
Rachel Caine, Last Breath|Does it hurt?”He bent his head and lightly kissed her forehead. “Only when I laugh.”“I’ll try not to be funny.”“Epic fail, beautiful.
Georgina Chapman|I felt very unstressed on my wedding day. I'm very grateful for that... spending the day on my own, being super quiet and happy and just puttering around doing my own thing.
James Wood|He cannot recall just when that initial feeling of oneness faded, subordinated to the everyday activities of daily living. He is disappointed to realize he can no longer expect to find her up and awaiting his return. Discard 2
Vanessa Hudgens|I think a generation ago, dads went to work, they came home, and they had their dinner, had a drink, and then went to bed. I don't know what it was like in your house, but that is how it was in mine. I think it is cool to have the dads in the trenches and doing the real parenting work.
Sue Grafton, T is for Trespass|You can’t save others from themselves because those who make a perpetual muddle of their lives don’t appreciate your interfering with the drama they’ve created. They want your poor-sweet-baby sympathy, but they don’t want to change.
J. Kowallis, Afterimage|Three men sat around a table. All were muscled and similarly greasy and easily identifiable as scum. As he breached the entrance all three were moving, drawing their own guns in surprise.Only one got off a shot.
Daniel Smith, Monkey Mind: A Memoir of Anxiety|As a young girl, and still to this day, I struggle with trying to figure everything out. Figure out why things happen, what they mean, and how they all work together. It sometimes drives me crazy. Not literally, but I do sometimes feel different. Like maybe I think too much.
Soren Kierkegaard|Just as I shall select my ship when I am about to go on a voyage, or my house when I propose to take a residence, so I shall choose my death when I am about to depart from life.
Jeff Hobbs, The Short and Tragic Life of Robert Peace: A Brilliant Young Man Who Left Newark for the Ivy League|Now students all seem to be converging on the same self, the successful upper-middle-class professional, impersonating the adult they've already decided they want to become.
Katie Reus, It's Me Again, Baby|Right now, all he wanted --- almost more than his next breath --- was to have Darcy in his bed.	Under him.
Tony Hendra, Father Joe: The Man Who Saved My Soul|The instinct of worship is still so strong upon us that, having nearly worn out our capacity for treating kings and such kind of persons as sacred, we are ready to invest a majority of our own selves with the same kind of reverence.
Rebecca Goldstein, 36 Arguments for the Existence of God: A Work of Fiction|What, then, are some of the shifts that have happened in our understanding of the composing process that make a focus on digital writing in the writing workshop that much more compelling?
Isobel Irons, Promiscuous|She really liked you, Noah,''Yeah, well, maybe I'm just an asshole.'I realize my hand is still in his hair and I retract it quickly. He grabs it, holds it against him. You're not an asshole I'm thinking, but for some reason I can't say it. It would be like admitting something else; like the fact that he's an asshole to every girl who likes him, but never to me. And then I'd have to really think about why that is and that's not something I'll ever be comfortable with at all, even though his eyes are like maps and his words are like anchors and his songs are like personal messages and I love all that.- Chloe
John Polkinghorne|Back when I was a senior in high school in Haughton, LA, I had a chance to go to LSU. Everyone I grew up with adored LSU, including my mom. But I chose to come to Mississippi State because I wanted to start a new tradition instead of perpetuating an established one.
Anaïs Nin|I believe that men are generally still a little afraid of the dark though the witches are all hung, and Christianity and candles have been introduced.
Cherise Sinclair|Oh, Jatel, I am so used. Would you rid yourself of me?" the knight started to cry.Jatel slowly kissed the woman upon her forehead. To the Gods! how he loved her so.Not for the world entire, sire.
Elbert Hubbard|People think celebrities don't have to worry about human things like sickness and death and rent. It's like you've traveled to this Land of Celebrity, this other country.
Tony Jones|The man nodded and brought a bottle from the glass-fronted fridge,
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you move faster than the music, it will look strange; if you move slower than the music, it will look strange! Be like autumn leaves which follow exactly the rhythm of the wind!
David Mitchell, Black Swan Green|The art teacher's scarlet book was called Story of the Eye by Georges Bataille. 'As the title suggests,' Mr Dunwoody saw the book'd caught my attention, 'it's about the history of opticians. What are you about?
James Lankford|I just trust in God, work hard, and focus on executing.
Joe Loya, The Man Who Outgrew His Prison Cell: Confessions of a Bank Robber|The onset of adulthood is an organic, creeping process. No one wakes up one day and decides, "Lo, on this day I shall forever put away childish things and begin clipping coupons to go to Wal-Mart.
Paul Christensen, Reveries of the Dreamking|He was eager to tell me about his latest work, which consisted of him vomiting on a footpath, then cordoning it off. Each artwork lasted until the first ‘philistine’ thought to take the rope down.‘In that way, the philistine is drawn – whether he likes it or not – into my art. He becomes part of it…and the vomit part of him. Essentially, it is the cosmic vomit. We all spew it. It blurs the boundaries, subverts the liminal…
Brandy Nacole, Sacrifice: A New Dawn|She clenches the crystal necklace that Dagna gave me, the one I always wear. “Never lose this, Harmony. It is a symbol of the beginning. The power that still lingers inside it will help you, but even as it fades, the memory of everything until now will carry you as if it were still strong.
Susan Hill, Mrs de Winter|Where did it go, the moderate opine? I can't find it here nor there!'Perhaps then it's twixt the false dichotomy?
Polly Toynbee|When you read a holy book, you emphasize that God exists.When you see people, you sympathize their existence.
Vladimir Nabokov|The (capital punishment) controversy passes the anarch by. For him, the linking of death and punishment is absurd. In this respect, he is closer to the wrongdoer than to the judge, for the high-ranking culprit who is condemned to death is not prepared to acknowledge his sentence as atonement; rather, he sees his guilt in his own inadequacy. Thus, he recognizes himself not as a moral but as a tragic person.
Jennifer Paynter, Mary Bennet|Perfect crime,' he said softly. 'Yes?' 'Persuade an innocent, idealistic young girl that the future of the human race depends on her sacrificing her own life. She will come into hospital as trustingly as a lamb to the slaughter. She will welcome the implantation of a baby that will kill her. She'll lie there while her brain is destroyed for nine whole months, and no police will arrest you, no court will judge you, you'll get away scot free. At the end of nine months she'll be taken off life support and she'll be completely dead. And no one will be blamed.
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum|A peace talk is always difficult, always complicated.
Paul Auster|And that's why books are never going to die. It's impossible. It's the only time we really go into the mind of a stranger, and we find our common humanity doing this. So the book doesn't only belong to the writer, it belongs to the reader as well, and then together you make it what it is.
Savitri Devi|If there is a single fact which anyone who seriously studies the history of Christianity cannot help but be struck by, it is the almost complete absence of documents regarding the man whose name this great international religion bears -- Jesus Christ. We know of him only what is told to us in the New Testament gospels, that is, practically nothing.
Alejandra Pizarnik|But, who is Death? A figure that harrows and wastes wherever and however it pleases. This is also a possible description of the Countess Bathory. Never did anyone wish so hard not to grow old; I mean, to die. That is why, perhaps, she acted and played the role of Death. Because, how can Death possibly die?
Peg Streep, Mean Mothers: Overcoming the Legacy of Hurt|As Louis Cozolino Ph. D., observes, a consistent theme of adult psychotherapy clients is that they had parents who were not curious about who they were but, instead, told them who they should be. What Cozolino explains, is that the child creates a "persona" for her parents but doesn't learn to know herself. What happens is that "the authentic self"--the part of us open to feelings, experinces, and intimicy--remains underdeveloped.
Rebecca Solnit|As intelligent and responsible filmmakers, working in a free society, we have a duty to ensure that our chosen medium is a force for good. Especially in this ever-more complex and difficult world.
Maureen Corrigan|Luckily, my job demands constant reading, otherwise I'd have to figure out some other excuse.
G.K. Chesterton|In a utilitarian age, of all other times, it is a matter of grave importance that fairy tales should be respe
Kahlil Gibran|But you who walk facing the sun, what images drawn on the earth can hold you? You who travel with the wind, what weathervane shall direct your course? What man's law shall bind you if you break your yoke but upon no man's prison door? What laws shall you fear if you dance but stumble against no man's iron chains? And who is he that shall bring you to judgment if you tear off your garment yet leave it in no man's path? People of Orphalese, you can muffle the drum, and you can loosen the strings of the lyre, but who shall command the skylark not to sing?
Barry Lyga, I Hunt Killers|The flirty old moon eased his way across the warped and sooty floorboards and kissed my bare toes, turning my feet as luminous as the skin of cinema stars.
Ian Sanders, Mash-up!: How to Use Your Multiple Skills to Give You an Edge, Make Money and Be Happier|A friend’s 14-year-old niece was asked by her teacher what she wanted to be when she finished school. The teacher asked her to think hard about it and then get back to him with an answer. She didn’t know what to say to her teacher. A friend, on hearing the girl’s predicament, said: ‘Tell your teacher that, perhaps, the thing you want to be when you leave school hasn’t been invented yet.
Hubert Martin|Our bodies are made of supernova dust, the epitome of ultimate destruction and shatter. And though we are whole, beings with bodies and souls, with cosmos in our eyes and black heart holes, we love as fiercely as the force of creation.
Anthony Bourdain|Peace, above all things, is to be desired, but blood must sometimes be spilled to obtain it on equable and lasting terms.
Joyce Meyer|Rebellion is what you make of it. When you've been on a tour bus for two months straight, and then you get in your car and drive wherever you want, that can feel rebellious.
Feather Stone, The Guardian's Wildchild|If you're in a fair fight, you didn't plan it properly.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Shoot all the blue jays you want, if you can hit ‘em, but remember it’s a sin to kill a mockingbird.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Dragonbane|Bureaucracies, I've suggested, are not themselves forms of stupidity so much as they are ways of organizing stupidity--of managing relationships that are already characterized by extremely unequal structures of imagination, which exist because of the existence of structural violence.
Malcolm Bradbury, Eating People is Wrong|Oh, it must be wonderful to be educated. What does it feel like?''It's like having an operation,' said Treece. 'You don't know you've had it until long after it's over.
D.H. Lawrence|The whole interest of my reason, whether speculative or practical, is concentrated in the three following questions: What can I know? What should I do? What may I hope? (Critique of Pure Reason
Ava, You Are Safe Here.|you wanted it all to make senseand you wanted the most complicated answer, but the answer is simple.just be.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|When you're young, you think everything you do is disposable. You move from now to now, crumpling time up in your hands, tossing it away. You're your own speeding car. You think you can get rid of things, and people too—leave them behind. You don't yet know about the habit they have, of coming back.Time in dreams is frozen. You can never get away from where you've been.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Express Your Appreciation To Your Employees. Do Not Think They Already Know, Cause They Don't
pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You|True love cannot be found where it does not exist, nor can it be denied where it does
Audrey Hepburn|I find the concept of Hell to be more honest than that of everyday life. In Hell, no one can lie to you, because you already know what to expect for the rest of eternity. Nothing more and nothing less.
Ayrton Senna|It was ridiculous really. I had just won a major race despite not being in top form, yet I was going to dope.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Thief of Shadows|But you must be awash in a sea of compliments, my lady. Every gentleman you meet must voice his admiration, his wish to make love to you. And those are only the ones who may voice such thoughts. All about you are men who cannot speak their admiration, who must remain mute from lack of social standing or fear of offending you. Only their thoughts light the air about you, following you like a trail of perfume, heady but invisible. (Winter Makepeace)
Oliver Tambo|Men in authority will always think that criticism of their policies is dangerous. They will always equate their policies with patriotism, and find criticism subversive.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|If I had the remaking of man, he wouldn't have any conscience. It is one of the most disagreeable things connected with a person; and although it certainly does a great deal of good, it cannot be said to pay, in the long run; it would be much better to have less good and more comfort.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Being Peace|Every day we are engaged in a miracle which we don't even recognize: a blue sky, white clouds, green leaves, the black, curious eyes of a child - our own two eyes. All is a miracle.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best.
Terry McDonell, The Accidental Life: An Editor's Notes on Writing and Writers|The obscure, unexplainable aspect of the writing process is about how some rhymes appear in your head. It often feels more like tuning in to some kind of channel than composing words in your mind.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|We tend to perseverate on the fact that as far as we might have fallen, there’s always another bottom underneath the one we’re laying on. Yet, for every bottom underneath us, there’s always endless opportunity above us.
Immanuel Kant, Critique of Pure Reason|Skepticism is thus a resting-place for human reason, where it can reflect upon its dogmatic wanderings and make survey of the region in which it finds itself, so that for the future it may be able to choose its path with more certainty. But it is no dwelling-place for permanent settlement. Such can be obtained only through perfect certainty in our knowledge, alike of the objects themselves and of the limits within which all our knowledge of objects is enclosed.
Lorna Landvik, Angry Housewives Eating Bon Bons|Sister Ignatius taught me in Sunday School that "in the beginning there was light," but to me, it was always an incomplete sentence, which God should have known to ammend: in the beginning God created light...to read by.
Roman Payne, Crepuscule|I don’t regret for a single moment having lived for pleasure. I did it to the full, as one should do everything that one does. There was no pleasure I did not experience.
Fannie Flagg|Buy Men’s & Women’s Sandals on wecart, Branded Slippers online Shopping Destinations in India. Huge range of comfortable sandals that can be he make one of the most Trendy Product ever. Wecart.in Offering Men’s casual shoes &Women’s Casual Sandals. Online Mobile Accessories store in India.
Natalie Zea|You can't change anyone else, but people do change in relationship to your change.
Nelson Algren, The Neon Wilderness|It's raining.the kind of rain that comes down so heavy it sounds like the shower's running, even when you've turned it off. The kind of rain that makes you think of dams and flash floods, arks. The kind of rain that tells you to crawl back into bed, where the sheets haven't lost your body heat, to pretend that the clock is five minutes earlier than it really is.Ask any kid who's made it past fourth grade and they can tell you: water never stops moving. Rain falls, and runs down a mountain into a river. The river finds it way to the ocean. It evaporates, like a soul, into the clouds. And then, like everything else, it starts all over again.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|The kingdoms of kings are confined, either by mountains or rivers, or by a change in customs or by a difference of language; but my kingdom is as great as the world, because I am neither Italian, nor French, nor Hindu, nor American, nor a Spaniard; I am a cosmopolitan. No country can claim to be my birthplace, God alone knows in which region I shall die. I adopt every custom, I speak every tongue [... ] In this way, you see, being of no country, asking for the protection of no goverment and acknowledging no man as my brother, I am not restrained or hampered by a single one of the scruples that tie the hands of the powerful or the obstacles that block the path of the weak.
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|Readers, censors know, are defined by the books they read.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When people leave you, identify why they left and think about what is left
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|we were not born the same and we are all not born with the same abilities and capabilities, but no matter what seed God has given to us, be it small or big, He expects a good returns from us in the end and we must endeavor to be good stewards and managers of our abilities and capabilities regardless of where we live and the challenges we face!
Patrick deWitt|Adharmenaidhate tabat, tato bhadrani pashyati, tatah sapatnan jayati, - samulastu vinashyati. In unrightousness they prosper, in it they find their good, through it they defeat their enemies, - but they perish at the root.
Alyson Stoner|There are similarities between business and sport, in the pressures involved and in the fitness aspect too.
Gustav Klimt|When I wake up every morning, I smile and say, 'Thank you.' Because out of my window I can see the mountains, then go hiking with my dog and share her bounding joy in the world.
Colum McCann, Let the Great World Spin|Pain's nothing. Pains what you give, not what you get.
Christopher Hitchens|Among the privileges of being a superpower, the right and the ability to make a local quarrel into a global one ranks very high.
Janet Frame|...we could think or feel as we wished toward the characters, or as the poet, discounting history, invited us to; we were the poet's guest, his world was his own kingdom, reached, as one of the poems told us, through the 'Ring of Words'...
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature|Monsieur, innocence is its own crown! Innocence has only to act to be noble! She is as august in rags as fleur de lys.
James Nesbitt|I knew from the first episode that 'Longmire' was something special - I met the writers/exec producers, read the script, and knew it was special, so to have the network and the studio and the fans get behind it in the way that they have has been really amazing.
John Updike, In the Beauty of the Lilies|In the purifying sweep of atheism human beings lost all special value. The numb misery of the horse was matched by that of the farmer; the once-green ferny lives crushed into coal's fossiliferous strata were no more anonymous and obliterated than Clarence's own life would soon be, in a wink of earth's tremendous time. Without Biblical blessing the physical universe became sherry horrible and disgusting. All fleshy acts became vile, rather than merely some. The reality of men slaying lambs and cattle, fish and fowl to sustain their own bodies took on an aspect of grisly comedy--the blood-soaked selfishness of a cosmic mayhem.
Monty Roberts, The Horses in My Life|I had been riding horses before my memory kicked in, so my life with horses had no beginning. It simply appeared from the fog of infancy. I survived a difficult childhood by traveling on the backs of horses, and in adulthood the pattern didn't change.
Calvin Coolidge|Marvelous is the power which can be exercised, almost unconsciously, over a company, or an individual, or even upon a crowd by one person gifted with good temper, good digestion, good intellects, and good looks.
Ernest Hemingway, The Sun Also Rises|Create a sacred space to learn more about your body and mind, go on a date with yourself and explore emotions, sensation, desires, dreams, and accept yourself as you are. By spending some time getting to know yourself better, you will know what you have to offer and, it will be easier to ask for what you want.
Vivian Arend, Wolf Line|Seriously. Poor little me can deal with having mated a millionaire.”“Oh, you found someone else? With less money?
Jacqueline Winspear, Maisie Dobbs|Though there had yet to be a victor in this great war that had begun almost three years ago, Maurice had written to her that they had, all of them, on all sides, lost their freedom. Freedom to think hopefully of the future.
K. Lee Lerner|Objectivity is a peculiar demand to make of institutions which, as business corporations, are dedicated first of all to economic survival. It is a peculiar demand to make of institutions which often, by tradition or explicit credo, are political organs. It is a peculiar demand to make of editors and reporters who have none of the professional apparatus which, for doctors or lawyers or scientists, is supposed to guarantee objectivity.
Anne Lamott, Help Thanks Wow: The Three Essential Prayers|Gratitude begins in our hearts and then dovetails into behavior. It almost always makes you willing to be of service, which is where the joy resides. It means that you are willing to stop being such a jerk. When you are aware of all that has been given to you, in your lifetime and the past few days, it is hard not to be humbled, and pleased to give back.
Harold S. Geneen|Dad could talk about peace and love out loud to the world, but he could never show it to the people who supposedly meant the most to him: his wife and son. How can you talk about peace and love and have a family in bits and pieces - no communication, adultery, divorce? You can't do it, not if you're being true and honest with yourself.
Amit Kalantri|Traditional ways to deal with information--reading, listening, writing, talking--are painfully slow in comparison to "viewing the big picture." Those who survive information overload will be those who search for information with broadband thinking but apply it with a single-minded focus.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|Guilt is like tarnish on a piece of silver. It effectively obscures beauty and radiance, but can never lessen its true value. Just as the true beauty and value of silver is revealed with a little bit of polish, your true worth will shine with regular spiritual practice.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Heroes Are My Weakness|His writer's words poured over her like poetry, and she couldn't find a single wisecrack to put up between them.
Sal Albanese|Often, when people ask me what I read as a young girl, I lie. Or, I should say, I lie by omission. I tell them about my brilliant fourth-grade teacher, Miss Artis, who assigned us 'Johnny Tremain' and 'Where the Red Fern Grows' and 'Tuck Everlasting,' all books that made an impression on me. And people nod in approval.
Christopher Hitchens, Love, Poverty, and War: Journeys and Essays|Part of the function of memory is to forget; the omni-retentive mind will break down and produce at best an idiot savant who can recite a telephone book, and at worst a person to whom every grudge and slight is as yesterday's.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When I live each day so well, I will have no regrets when tomorrow never comes.
Sting|It's all about music, because music is basically what's... been my avenue out of maybe being involved in things I shouldn't be.
Zygmunt Bauman, Collateral Damage: Social Inequalities in a Global Age|[Public housing projects] are not lacking in natural leaders,' [Ellen Lurie, a social worker in East Harlem] says. 'They contain people with real ability, wonderful people many of them, but the typical sequence is that in the course of organization leaders have found each other, gotten all involved in each others' social lives, and have ended up talking to nobody but each other. They have not found their followers. Everything tends to degenerate into ineffective cliques, as a natural course. There is no normal public life. Just the mechanics of people learning what s going on is so difficult. It all makes the simplest social gain extra hard for these people.
Tania Gardana|REBELby Tatyana DiasI have the might of separating the fight between darkness and light.With ashes that surpasses my sight, crime in time slashes, isolating my rights.I speak with my eyes, and visualize with my mind.I'm on a quest that has left me possessed and stressed 'cause I envy the blessed and pity the depressed.You can whip me, strip me, crucify me to a cross; my imagination within my deepest destination will not fall!
Marie Lu, Champion|What Zayd had said to her was hurtful. The words speared across the most sensitive part of her heart like how a gardening spear cut along the leaves, leaving the top part of the bushes bare and lost.
Charles Frazier, Nightwoods|I wish they'd conduct a national poll to find out who feels out of place and who doesn't. Just to get the numbers, you know? To get a feel for how many of us there are. Sometimes at work I get the feeling that it's got to be right up against 100%. I’ll head out to the register to help out during the lunch rush and the new cashier will look so confused and lost, and then I’ll look at the customers she’s supposed to be helping, and they’ll look lost, too, and then when I sneak a glance toward the tables there’ll be all these people staring at their food or at each other with blank looks in their eyes. And I’ll think: Is this just me? Is everybody else actually fine, and I’m just trying to imagine that they’re like me? But I don’t think so. I’ve thought about this a lot, and I’m pretty sure that some ridiculous percentage of the population is walking around feeling like aliens.	I think teenagers feel that all the time...
Lailah Gifty Akita|In deep suffering, I got to know divinity within my soul.
Jodie Sweetin|This year he'd been caught up in a whirlwind called Jaenelle Angelline-as impossible to deflect as she was to stop-and he had become an accomplice in all sorts of schemes that, even in their innocence, had been thrilling
Vasso Charalambous|I'm not feeling sorry cause you let me down,I'm feeling sorry cause there is no way back.
Adam West|My paintings capture the humor, zaniness, and depth of the Batman villains as well as the Freudian motivations of Batman as an all-too-human, venerable, and funny vigilante superhero.
Tarn dipp|I am an immortal Experiencer. Does that changed my life,no but it changed the way I Experience life.
Becky Albertalli, Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda|And so we see the paradox that evolution has handed us. If man is the only animal whose consciousness of self gives him an unusual dignity in the animal kingdom, he also pays a tragic price for it. The fact that the child has to identify -first- means that his very first identity is a social product. His habitation of his own body is built from the outside in; not from the inside out. He doesn't unfold into the world, the world unfolds into him. As the child responds to the vocal symbols learned from his object, he often gives the pathetic impression of being a true social puppet, jerked by alien symbols and sounds. What sensitive parent does not have his satisfaction tinged with sadness as the child repeats with such vital earnestness the little symbols that are taught him?
Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture|It is always worth itemising happiness, there is so much of the other thing in a life, you had better put down the markers for happiness while you can.
Michel Foucault, The History of Sexuality, Volume 1: An Introduction|Where there is power, there is resistance.
Mahatma Gandhi|If I were a dictator, religion and state would be separate. I swear by my religion. I will die for it. But it is my personal affair. The state has nothing to do with it. The state would look after your secular welfare, health, communications, foreign relations, currency and so on, but not your or my religion. That is everybody's personal concern!
Nirja|Everyone loves it, everyone wants it, But someone who has enough guts to take it are considered as sluts...Why? Why does world has to be full of double-faced hypocrites?
Kerry Washington|God has already done everything He's going to do. The ball is now in your court. If you want success, if you want wisdom, if you want to be prosperous and healthy, you're going to have to do more than meditate and believe; you must boldly declare words of faith and victory over yourself and your family.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mama: Dispatches from the Frontline of Love|It is only through my daughter that I have come to realise that a life without femininity – devoid of mystery, emotion, gentleness and the unerring power of a woman’s love – is no life at all.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We have some of the finest civil rights laws in the world, but they have not solved our racial problems. Why? Because we need a change of heart and attitude, Jesus said, “You must be born again” [John 3:7].
Shirley A. Moore|If you have WANNA, you can do ANYTHING!! - The Caterpillar That Wouldn't Change
K.B. Spangler, Maker Space|We should do this on computer," she said, chalking it carefully for the eighty-ninth time. "With a drawing pad.""Nonsense. You're lucky I don't make you inscribe it with a stylus on a wax tablet, like the old days," Myrnin snorted. "Children. Spoiled children, always playing with the shinest toy.""Computers are more efficient!""I can perform calculations on that abacus faster than you can solve them on your computer," Myrnin sneered.Okay, now he was pissing her off. "Prove it!""What?""Prove it." She backed off on her tone, but Myrnin wasn't looking angry; he was looking strangely interested. He stared at her for a second in silence, and then he got the biggest, oddest smile she'd ever seen on the face of a vampire."All right," he said. "A contest. Computer versus abacus."She wasn't at all sure now that was a good idea, even if it had been her idea, essentially. "Um -- what do I win?" More importantly, what do I lose? Making bargains was a way of life in Morganville, and it was a lot like making deals with man-eating fairies. Better be careful what you ask for."Your freedom," he said solemnly. His eyes were wide and guileless, his too-young face shining with honesty. "I will tell Amelie you were not suited to the work. She'll let you go about your life, such as it is."Good prize. Too good. Claire swallowed hard. "And if I lose?""Then I eat you," Myrnin said.
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi|The relationships flourish with exchanged respect, and not by pretending or beggary, as that expressing the opinions is the shortest way to build the bridges of confidence and expanding the circle of special relationships.
Alicia Keys|If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?
Lewis Bryan|I have caressed a small child’s hair, and in doing so, know there is a God.
Isabelle Huppert|I really admire people who don’t need to live surrounded by lots of stuff. My bedroom is piled up with clothes and books, papers and photographs. I like to collect things, anything I can grab from wherever I’m travelling. I think it’s the sign of slight anxiety to always want something around you to represent a good moment you had, to hang on to the leftovers. But then they’re a pleasure to look at too, so it’s not all negative.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Would Christ feel comfortable in an environment where men and women are consuming alcoholic beverages, gambling away their money, and engaging in conversation that is often filled with the baser things of life? It is a relevant question. As a Christian, Christ lives in you and you carry Him wherever you go. The Bible tells us to “come out from them and be separate” [2 Corinthians 6:17 NIV].
Roger Schank|Teachers are often rightly praised for all they do for our children. But there are others out there who are working to make the youth of today a happy and productive generation of tomorrow. And I'm proud to say I'm one of these "others" providing a positive environment for many wonderful children who are full of promise.
Terry Hayes, I Am Pilgrim|There are days I long to disappear in the wild, go back to the predator life I was meant to have. Kill the prey or be killed: it’s in my genes.A chimera, that's what I am. And this is my story.
Eugene H. Peterson|It is not easy to convey a sense of wonder, let alone resurrection wonder, to another. It’s the very nature of wonder to catch us off guard, to circumvent expectations and assumptions. Wonder can’t be packaged, and it can’t be worked up. It requires some sense of being there and some sense of engagement.
Sara Niles|America. The enemy. The rival. The land of jeans and rock and roll, of crime and capitalism, of poverty and oppression. Of home and freedom.
Siri Hustvedt, The Sorrows of an American|Old places fire the internal weather of our pasts. The mild winds, aching calms, and hard storms of forgotten emotions return to us when we return to the spots where they happened.
Kate Hudson|People that I care about, that I consider being friends of mine, most of the things I discuss with them I wouldn't discuss in public because it's a real relationship. It's not a relationship for the public, you know?
Al Yankovic|Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.
Kris Kidd, Down for Whatever|Plato forbids children wine till eighteen years of age, and to get drunk till forty; but, after forty, gives them leave to please themselves, and to mix a little liberally in their feasts the influence of Dionysos, that good deity who restores to younger men their gaiety and to old men their youth...fit to inspire old men with mettle to divert themselves in dancing and music; things of great use, and that they dare not attempt when sober.
Erin Moore, That's Not English: Britishisms, Americanisms and What Our English Says About Us|There was a bag of coffee beans beneath a harpoon gun and a frozen hunk of spinach, but there was no way to grind the beans into tiny pieces to make coffee. Near a picnic basket and a large bag of mushrooms was a jug of orange juice, but it had been close to one of the bullet holes in the trunk, and so had frozen completely solid in the cold. And after Sunny moved aside three chunks of cold cheese, a large can of water chestnuts, and an eggplant as big as herself, she finally found a small jar of boysenberry jam, and a loaf of bread she could use to make toast, although it was so cold it felt more like a log than a breakfast ingredient.
Michael A. Singer, The Untethered Soul: The Journey Beyond Yourself|Instead of being encouraged to feel completely protected, loved, honored, and respected by the Divine Force, you've been taught that you're being judged. Because you've been taught that, you feel guilt and fear. But guilt and fear do not open you connection to the Divine; they only serve to close your heart. The reality is that God's way is love, and you can see this for yourself.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|What is it to succeed in yoga? Success in yoga means finding the smile buried deep beneath the pain and discomfort of any moment. Success in yoga is knowing that others were able to find a smile beneath their pain and discomfort because you were near. Success in yoga is speaking to yourself and others with compassion and kindness, even when you want to wield your words as weapons. Success in yoga is to listen more than you speak. Success in yoga is when mindfulness celebrates the joyful moments andbecomes a refuge for the painful ones. Success in yoga is to be grateful even for your pain, suffering, and challenges. Success in yoga is willingly taking the time to put the needs of another ahead of your own. Success in yoga is feeling fear rattle your bones and then doing it anyway. Success in yoga is not only finding your purpose in life, but also finding the courage and passion to live that purpose. Success in yoga is remembering that it was never about the number of times you fell but rather the number of times you got back up.
F.K. Preston|Live this life as gently as you would breathe in the seaside air. Then release all those dreams and wonders to the water. Keep breathing until you’re inches from where you wish to be. Then exhale, remembering that gentle life you grew up from.
Courtney Kirchoff, Jaden Baker|The days draw out, the weather gets warmer, and it's what we call summer, with a bitter laugh when we've said it.
John McCain|The Global Financial Crisis and Great Recession posed daunting new challenges for central banks around the world and spurred innovations in the design, implementation, and communication of monetary policy.
Miroslav Volf|For Christian faith not to be idle in the world, the work of doctors and garbage collectors, business executives and artists, stay-at-home moms or dads and scientists needs to be inserted into God's story with the world. That story needs to provide the most basic rules by which the game in all these spheres is played.
Hailee Steinfeld|My mother used to tell me man gives the award, God gives the reward. I don't need another plaque.
Tom Waits|God made you a masterpiece - be blessed, secure, disciplined and equipped.
Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand|...I tell myself it does not matter what one reads--favorite authors, particular themes--as long as we read something. It is not even important to own the books.
Wally Lamb, She's Come Undone|That time we separated was my idea. I thought, well, I'm fifty years old and there might be someone else out there. People waste their happiness - that's what makes me sad. Everyone's so scared to be happy.
Jean-André de Luc|Christian missions to India imply that India is a land of heathens, and, therefore, stands on the same level with the Andaman or the Fiji Islands. That a country which has been recognised in all ages the world over as the mother of all religions and the cradle of civilisation should be considered as pagan, shows how much ignorance prevails in Christendom. Since the Parliament of Religions, I have been studying Christian institutions, and I have also studied the way in which the Christian ministers and the missionaries are manufactured in this country, and have learned to pity them. We must not blame them too severely, because their education is too narrow to make them broad-minded. I grant that they are good-hearted, that they are good husbands and often fathers of large families, but generally they are very ignorant, especially of the history of civilisation and of the philosophy of religion of India. Most of them do not even know the history of ancient India.We know that in this age of competition, centralisation, and monopoly, very many people are forced out of business. The English say, 'The fool of the family goes into the Church'; so that when a youth is unable to make a living, he takes to missionary work, goes to India, and helps to introduce among the Hindus the doctrines of his church, which have long since been exploded by science.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Practice makes better and prayer makes perfect. The more we do, the easier it gets, and all the while praying perfects us in the art.
Leslye Walton, The Strange and Beautiful Sorrows of Ava Lavender|The days she was finally brought out of the house would later be remembered as a day when shadows seemed blacker, as if something more lingered in those darkened spaces.
Confucius|If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future.
Beryl Markham, West with the Night|We can end this before anyone gets hurt." William held his hands out to sides as if to show her he was unarmed. "You don't want to hurt people, do you? You will if you don't come away with me. You know that.""I'm not bad," Daisha whispered."I believe you." He held out a hand to her. He curled his fingers toward him in a beckoning gesture. "You can do the right thing here. Just come with me. We'll go meet some people who can help us.""Her. The new Graveminder.""No, not her. You and I can fix this all on our own.
Tawna Fenske, Protector for Hire|I'm not leaving until you stop crying" he stated pulling me down so we were now laying on my bed facing each other
Milton Berle|We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.
Nick Cave, The Death of Bunny Munro|When you're younger you're so happy to get some good loving you convince yourself you're in love, can't live with out it, and chase the dick like a crack addict after the pipe, or chase the bad sex hoping something happened to the man over night and the next time it'll be good.
Julie Ann Walker, Devil and the Deep|I think I've proved that I'm not to be trusted," he said."Then why do I feel safer now that I have in my entire life?""Because you're just as screwed up as me.
Jim Lee|One has a responsibility to clean up one's space and make it livable as far as one's own resources go. That includes not only material resources, but psychological resources: the commitment of time and a portion of your mind to something when you'd rather be doing something else.
Tove Jansson, Finn Family Moomintroll|This world is too fast and the people are so busy they may never get the time to stop and admire you when they pass you by; and I'm afraid this will slowly make you forget how very beautiful you are. Never forget that, love. You're an angel. The most beautiful of all angels.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|For eight years I dreamed of fire. Trees ignited as I passed them; oceansburned. The sugary smoke settled in my hair as I slept, the scent like a cloud left on my pillow as I rose. Even so, the moment my mattress started to burn, I bolted awake. The sharp, chemical smell was nothing like the hazy syrup of my dreams; the two were as different as Carolina and Indian jasmine, separation and attachment. They could not be confused.	Standing in the middle of the room, I located the source of the fire. A neat row of wooden matches lined the foot of the bed. They ignited, one after the next, a glowing picket fence across the piped edging. Watching them light, I felt a terror unequal to the size of the flickering flames, and for a paralyzing moment I was ten years old again, desperate and hopeful in a way I had never been before and never would be again.	But the bare synthetic mattress did not ignite like the thistle had in late October. It smoldered, and then the fire went out.	It was my eighteenth birthday.
Howard Zinn|...I've been ripped off, lied to, slandered, gossiped about slapped, falsely accused, and had my truths not believed. I've had my heart broken, had my pride stomped on, witnessed unforgivable acts, and heard words that hurt so much I withed that they would not replay in my head, but they did. In all these moments--some tear-soaked, some life-defining, but all character-building moments--I have felt vulnerable. And I believe these feelings of vulnerability--when a person feels scared and alone and overwhelmed and pissed off, wen the sting of unfairness bites deep--while miserable to live through, are the basis for writing compelling fiction.
R.T. Kendall, Holy Fire: A Balanced, Biblical Look at the Holy Spirit's Work in Our Lives|Martin Luther spent two hours a day in prayer. John Wesley spent two hours a day in prayer. According to a recent poll taken on both sides of the Atlantic, the average church leader, pastor, priest, evangelist, teacher today spends four minutes a day in prayer and you wonder why the church is powerless.
Kathi Appelt|The last game I played in college was in the NIT against St. Mary's. That was the first time I had come to the Oakland area. So, the last game I played in college and the first game of my NBA career were out here in the Bay Area. It's pretty cool.
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|Beloved,it's impossible to sprint into the providential arms of what is ahead...if we continue to trip on what is behind.
Stan Turner|He did not recognize himself either. He was a totally new being, bald, covered with grease and blood, pink and blue eyed: he was his own baby...He was a great fat chuckling baby, and he shat and peed in his filthy trousers and kept driving.
John Keats, Selected Letters|Lew had never seen a dead man before. He just stood there, and looked and looked. Then he went a step closer, and looked some more. 'So that's what it's like!' he murmured inaudibly. Finally Lew reached out slowly and touched him on the face, and cringed as he met the clammy feel of it, pulled his hand back and whipped it down, as though to get something off it.The flesh was still warm and Lew knew suddenly he had no time alibi.He threw something over that face and that got rid of the awful feeling of being watched by something from the other world. After that Lew wasn't afraid to go near him; he just looked like a bundle of old clothes. The dead man was on his side, and Lew fiddled with the knife-hilt, trying to get it out. It was caught fast, so he let it alone after grabbing it with his fingers from a couple of different directions.Next he went through his pockets, thinking he'd be helping to identify him.The man was Luther Kemp, forty-two, and he lived on 79th Street. But none of that was really true any more, Lew thought, mystified; he'd left it all behind. His clothes and his home and his name and his body and the show he'd paid to see were here. But where the hell had he gone to, anyway? Again that weird feeling came over Lew momentarily, but he brushed it aside. It was just that one of the commonest things in life - death - was still strange to him. But after strangeness comes familiarity, after familiarity, contempt. ("Dusk To Dawn")
Michael Connelly, The Black Ice|All his life Bosch had lived and worked in society’s institutions. But he hope he had escaped institutional thinking, that he made his own decisions.
Joan Lowery Nixon, In The Face of Danger|If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience.
Elizabeth Bowen, The Last September|If they should only be ill,' she said, 'there would be so many little things we could do for them. It does seem in a kind of a way an opportunity. I often think it is only when a man is ill that he understands what a woman means in his life.
Liya Kebede|I am a hopeless romantic, and so is my wife.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|Sometimes what we seek to gain through "winning" a conflict is not worth what we're refusing to sacrifice. And true compromise often involves sacrifice: As on the path between Scylla and Charybdis, the monsters of Greek mythology who lie on either side of a narrow strait to devour sailors and ships, either way you go there will be losses. Through life experience we gradually learn to differentiate between the ideals, values and principles which can, and those which cannot, be compromised.
Sophie Oak, Siren Beloved|What’s up with all these guys not realizing they’re bisexual? Here’s the clue, buddy, when you’re around another dude and you get a hard-on, you might be bi.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The clearing is often only happening for us, and those who love us most cannot see or believe in our nascent visions.
Saul Bellow|I see that I've become a really bad correspondent. It's not that I don't think of you. You come into my thoughts often. But when you do it appears to me that I owe you a particularly grand letter. And so you end in the "warehouse of good intentions": "Can't do it now." "Then put it on hold." This is one's strategy for coping with old age, and with death--because one can't die with so many obligations in storage. Our clever species, so fertile and resourceful in denying its weaknesses.
Paul C. Nagel, John Quincy Adams: A Public Life, a Private Life|Rather than pound or a national mind that he believed had been closed by his critics, John Quincy Adams decided to seek a place in the is the esteem of future generations.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|I was angry because young men in politics were treated like rising stars and young women were treated like - well - young women. {...}I was angry about the human talent that was lost just because it was born into a female body, and the mediocrity that was rewarded because it was born into a male one.
Steven Aitchison|Most people know the physical senses, but a lot of people don’t know the soul’s senses: empathy, trust, intuition, love and harmony
Chris Mentillo|It’s Not About How Much Money You Make, Instead It’s About What You Do With The Money That You Do Make.
Paul Adam Levy, Skive|Love conquers all," murmured Kim. "I heard it in a song, so it must be true.
Faruk DML|I keep thinking and worry about life, he says...I asked him: can you change yesterday?he said: no..I asked him: do you know what will happen tomorrow?he said: no..If you do not know what will happen in the future?and if you can not change the past?that means you only have today.Start living Life while you have it.Today.
Anthony  Ryan, Queen of Fire|Lust? I have no desire to incite lust in anyone."Veliss turned to her with a quizzical expression, her smile suddenly genuine. "Then I'm afraid you're in for a lifetime of disappointment.
C.J. Heck|At this stage of my life, I've finally come to realize I've learned more from my children than they ever learned from me.
Charles Dickens|Because loners are born everywhere, we end up living everywhere. We do not, have not, tended to single ourselves out as special, elite, requiring rarefied environments. Too often we have done the opposite; lived where we lived because our jobs were there, or families, or because we'd heard the schools were good there, or that we would love a place with changing seasons. Then, no matter what, we put our noses to the grindstone. We take living there as a fait accompli, a fact. Too often we are miserable somewhere without realizing why. We blame ourselves for not buckling down, settling in, fitting in. The problem is the place, but too often we do not see this, we will not allow ourselves to see this. It's the same old thing: This is a friendly town, so what's your problem?...To the non-loner, or the self-reproaching loner, the fact of being a loner is not comparable to those other determinants. It is not a matter of life and death, we tell ourselves. It its not a matter of breathing or of execution by stoning. But home is the crucible of living...So how can living not be a matter of life and death?
Peter Uihlein|Rather than writing about my experiences with other people, 'Ugly Cherries' is the first song I've ever written about myself. It's a confrontation: an attempt to unpack my own queerness with humor and self care.
J. Jack Halberstam|When modern sociologists talk of the necessity of accommodating one's self to the trend of the time, they forget that the trend of the time at its best consists entirely of people who will not accommodate themselves to anything. At its worst it consists of many millions of frightened creatures all accommodating themselves to a trend that is not there. And that is becoming more and more the situation...Every man speaks of public opinion, and means by public opinion, public opinion minus his opinion.
Thomas Aquinas, Summa Theologiae: A Concise Translation|What causes love, since it is a passion, is its object; and since it is a sort of affinity or agreement with the object, what causes love is the goodness or agreeableness of that object. Evil can only be loved because it seems good, because being partially good it is perceived as wholly so. And the beautiful is a form of the good: if something is agreeable in general we call it good, and if the perception of it is agreeable we call it beautiful. But goodness must be known before it can become the object of love, so knowledge itself can be said to cause love. Knowing is an activity of reason, which abstracts from things and then makes connections between them, needing to know each part and property and power of things if it is to know them perfectly. But loving is an appetite for things as they stand, and to love perfectly we need only love them as they are perceived to exist in themselves.
Tilman J. Fertitta|Yahoo is in everything from pets to old people to finance to communications to e-commerce and more, and I really thrive on that.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Mind makes you happy, mind makes you unhappy. When you are unhappy, the solution is there, in your mind, not in somewhere else!
Idries Shah, Seeker After Truth|It is experience which teaches, not controversy based on supposed logic and assumptions of what is likely to be true.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|English children have lost their innocence, for their first lessons have been in the exploitation of their adult slave. A sterilized parent is a eunuch in his children's haremm. to be sure, I recognize that efficient contraception is necessary for sexual pleasure, and that sexual pleasure is necessary, but contraception for economic reasons is another matter. 'We can only afford two children' is a squalid argument, but more acceptable in our society than 'we don't like children'. A sterilized parent is forever bound to those children he has, more than ever immobile and predictable, and those children are more securely bound to him. 'We can only afford two children' really means, 'We only like clean, well-discipline middle-class children who grow up to be professionals', for children manage to use up all the capital that is made available for that purpose, whatever proportion it may be of the family's whole income, just as housework expands to fill the time available. The sterilized parent is the ultimate domestic animal.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush|Nothing is sweeter than being unapologetically you. Don't live your life just to impress others. Reveal your truth, Express your love, Live your dreams.
Ian Gardiner, In the Service of the Sultan: A First Hand Account of the Dhofar Insurgency|How does one measure bravery? I suppose one starts by looking at the difference between what you are naturally inclined to do, and what your sense of duty tells you you should do. Courage is what it costs you to cover the deficiency.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With grace, we find the strength to reach the goal.
Oscar Wilde, The Critic as Artist|Let me be clear. Last I was aware you were neither my husband nor my father nor my King. Therefore, any control you may imagine you hold over me is just that- imaginary
Darren Shan, A Living Nightmare|Well, yeah, you listen to a talking snake and there's gonna be trouble.
Zoo.ly|When we make the unfamiliar familiar,make the unknown known,make the uncomfortable comfortable,and believe the unbelievable, we can then expect the unexpected.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|You know what I think? Fate! That's what it is fate! There's a thing that comes after a fellow:got a name,but I forgot what it is. Creeps up behind him, and puts him in the basket when he ain't expecting it.
Thomas a Kempis|If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace.
Wendy Buonaventura, Midnight Rose: a life of Maud Allan|It's a pelvis thrust, not a pelvic wiggle.
Julia Serano, Excluded: Making Feminist and Queer Movements More Inclusive|It reached a point where the paranoia was getting to me. Everywhere I looked, it seemed like people were hanging out, wanting to date, hooking up, wanting to hook up—it was relationships, relationships, relationships everywhere. Guys checking out girls, girls checking out guys. Dudes checking out dudes, chicks checking out chicks. Fuck! That’s what being a teenager was all about.
Vito Russo, The Celluloid Closet: Homosexuality in the Movies|All right, I figure I got a beating coming. Let's get at it.""That's not why I came.""Why did you then?""To find out why you did it."Jeff looked at the floor. "I don't know.""Want to do it again?
Darin Strauss|I'm a fan of daytime drama; I totally get it. When we are doing scenes that are romantic or will get the audience riled up, I feel like I'm a fan in the room going, 'People are going to be so mad right now!'
James Thomson|The Artist is he who detects and applies the law from observation of the works of Genius, whether of man or Nature. The Artisan is he who merely applies the rules which others have detected.
John Angell James, The Family Monitor, Or, a Help to Domestic Happiness|Every family has in fact a sacred character belonging to it, which may indeed be forgotten or disdained; but the family is constituted, and ought therefore to be conducted, with the prospect of the rising generation following that which precedes it, not only to the grave, but to eternity"(Christopher Anderson). Every member of every household is an immortal creature; every one that leaves the circle by death, goes into an eternity of torment or bliss. And, since all the ordinances of God look to another world as their chief and ultimate reference, surely, surely, that institute which is the most powerful of all in the formation of character, must be considered as set up with a special intention to prepare the subjects of it for "glory, honour, immortality, and eternal life.
Pushkar Saraf|I always thought high school was supposed to be a time for finding yourself, but I guess that's only if you fit into the mold people have made for you.
Aristotle|Hey, Tracy you army brat, I think it’s for you!
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Beware of smile, for it is a double edged sword; it cuts the helmet of tension from others head and backfires the peace to yours.
Rin and Len Kagamine|I drew a chair up beside her and sang. All I do is dream of you the whole night through . . . It was a horrible rendition, and I quite enjoyed attempting it, setting the notes free from the song as each one went farther and farther astray.
Arthur Schopenhauer|We still carry this old caveman-imprint idea that we're small, nature's big, and it's everything we can manage to hang on and survive. When big geophysical events happen - a huge earthquake, tsunami, or volcanic eruption - we're reminded of that.
Charles Kuralt|When I get a chance to power jump off both legs, I can lean, twist, change directions and decide whether to dunk the ball or pass it to an open man. In other words, I may be committed to the air, but I still have some control over it.
Etienne de L'Amour, Time and Time Again|Never place your punch at the beginning of a column nor at the end. Sneak it in where it's least expected. Fill a whole column with drivel, just to get in that one important line.
Noah Feldman|No matter what political reasons are given for war, the underlying reason is always economic.
James Rollins, The Eye of God|I do not want to sound cynical or condescending, but your lips are moving, your mind unbending.
Jonathan Tropper, How to Talk to a Widower|The tears come to my eyes so fast, there's just no way to stop them.
Nikki Rowe|I urge you to sit with yourself for 5 minutes and pour your heart out, ask yourself the serious questions ~ not the day to day duties we get caught up in. I can assure you, the 5 minutes spent reflecting on the life you have lived and how much more you're yet to achieve will spark something in you that we all forgot we have.
Donna MacMeans, The Education of Mrs. Brimley|William: My brother has an appreciation of art, so I imagine the woman he chooses must be beautiful beyond the pale. Once he outgrows his current predilection with painting and accepts his family responsibilities, he'll need a wife who can move throughout society. She must have proper carriage and be a witty conversationalist. She should have excellent bloodlines as well, in the event of offspring.Emma: With the possible exception of a witty conversationalist, I believe you've described all the attributes of a racehorse.
Marcus J. Borg, The God We Never Knew: Beyond Dogmatic Religion to a More Authentic Contemporary Faith|Our central problem is not sin and guilt, as it is within the monarchical model. For the Spirit model, our central problem is “estrangement,” whose specific meaning of “separated from that to which one belongs” is most appropriate. ... For the monarchical model, sin is primarily disloyalty to the king, seen especially as disobedience to his laws. The metaphors used to express the Spirit model suggest something else. For the metaphor of God as lover, sin is unfaithfulness—that is, sin is going after other lovers.
Calvin W. Allison, Standing at the Top of the Hill|He didn’t care if I hated him, only that I did as I was told.
Thomas Edward Thorpe, History of Chemistry|[About Pierre de Fermat] It cannot be denied that he has had many exceptional ideas, and that he is a highly intelligent man. For my part, however, I have always been taught to take a broad overview of things, in order to be able to deduce from them general rules, which might be applicable elsewhere.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Bleeds|Im's offspring stare at stars and make clocks that calculate useless happenings like the angle of a hawk's claws as it strikes its prey. They demonstrate their contraptions and everyone marvels. My children get drunk, confuse a herd of cows with an enemy regiment, and slaughter the lot, screaming like lunatics until the entire army panics.
Dick Francis|I stood on the outside of disaster, looking in.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Freedom from the Known|To understand ourselves needs no authority either of yesterday or of a thousand years because we are living things, always moving, flowing, never resting.
Haresh Sippy|You must build castles in the air, how else will you learn to build?
H. L. Mencken|I can't prove it scientifically, that there's a God, but I believe.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Performing magic in the live show thrills me. Just get me a deck of cards and some attentive audience, and I have made my day and theirs too
Isaac Asimov|The only real security that a man can have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience and ability.
Kim Socha, Confronting Animal Exploitation: Grassroots Essays on Liberation and Veganism|Freedman and Barnouin reveal the truth in Skinny Bitch, but they encase the truth in lies--women must be skinny to be attractive and being attractive should be a priority--via the typical verbiage of female disempowerment.
Gary Vaynerchuk|I want to be safe in the knowledge that I can tour and play festivals for a long time. The main thing is that I want a good reputation as a live performer. If I have that, I'd be so happy.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together: The Classic Exploration of Christian Community|A Christian fellowship lives and exists by the intercession of its members for one another, or it collapses. I can no longer condemn or hate a brother for whom I pray, no matter how much trouble he causes me. His face, that hitherto may have been strange and intolerable to me, is transformed in intercession into the countenance of a brother for whom Christ died, the face of a forgiven sinner.
Kelly Bishop|I've played villains on stage - you know, the Iagos and so on - but I think of myself as a funny person. I mostly did comedies before I did TV work.
Paulo Coelho, The Fifth Mountain|Where are they written?" "In the world around us. Merely be attentive to what happens in your life, and you will discover where, every moment of the day, He hides His words and His will. Seek to do as He asks: this alone is the reason you are in the world." "If I discover it, I'll write it on clay tablets.""Do so. But write them, above all, in your heart; there they can neither burned nor destroyed, and you will take them wherever you go.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|You may be thinking that your company has a human resources person who will keep you out of trouble. This is a dangerous misconception. Whether your company has a massive Human Resources Department with hundreds of representatives or a small office with just a single representative, these HR reps are not your advocates. They work for the company, not for you.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Everybody is a champion! Everybody has conquered something in life before! You have achieved something great before: your first time of walking. Remember how life would have been should you have failed to challenge and overcome that challenge, even as an infant! If you could do that as an infant, you can conquer great challenges now to leave great and indelible mark before you go! He who thinks failure has a super power over him should remember the first day he took the first step to walk! He who wants to end it all because of failure must think of why he never ended the journey of life just because he tried walking the first time ever and fell, but stood up and tried over and over until he could walk without a fall! Take your courage and be a champion! Dare to conquer life!
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You should actually be fighting to have a time of solitude because through it, you can make yourself great.
Omer Abazi|If you always look at the sky, you miss the good things on the ground; if you always look at the ground, you miss the good things in the sky!
Glenn Beck, Cowards: What Politicians, Radicals, and the Media Refuse to Say|If we want to be endowed with rights – real human rights, we have to act with responsibility. We must not be comfortable with rights. We must be comfortable with responsibility.
George S. Patton Jr.|Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.
Roger Zelazny, Lord of Light|Then every man would be as a god, you see. The result of this, of course, would be that there would no longer be any gods, only men. We would give them knowledge of the sciences and the arts, which we possess, and in so doing we would destroy their simple faith and remove all basis for their hoping that things will be better—for the best way to destroy faith or hope is to let it be realized.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The promise of any artwork is that it can hold us - viewer and maker - in a conflicted or contestable space, without real-world injury or loss.
Paul Auster, The New York Trilogy|What a wee little part of a person's life are his acts and his words! His real life is led in his head, and is known to none but himself. All day long, the mill of his brain is grinding, and his thoughts, not those of other things, are his history. These are his life, and they are not written. Everyday would make a whole book of 80,000 words -- 365 books a year. Biographies are but the clothes and buttons of the man -- the biography of the man himself cannot be written.
Michelle    Moore, Selling Simplified|Either find a way, or make one....You can bend but you can never break if you want to achieve excellence.
Julie Klausner, I Don't Care About Your Band: Lessons Learned from Indie Rockers, Trust Funders, Pornographers, Felons, Faux-Sensitive Hipsters, and Other Guys I've Dated|I've always found the Irish really attractive-they make wonderful writers and sexy firefighters, and if they didn't like the Red Socks they'd be perfect.
Auliq-Ice|Death is the principal limitator of opportunities, progress & life.
Trevor Byrne, Ghosts & Lightning|There we go, that word again: faith. Pajo fuckin loves it. I fuckin hate it. I hate it cos there's no way o trickin yerself into it, no amount o thinkin about it can get yeh there - yeh have it or yeh don't. And I don't.
Paulo Coelho|Many people are good at talking about what they are doing, but in fact do little. Others do a lot but don't talk about it; they are the ones who make a community live.
Elena Satine|To handle that stardom, the red carpets, the photo shoots, people all of a sudden recognizing you and following you in everyday life, it's a bit weird. It's strange, and it can have funny effects on you in terms of do you like it or don't you like it. Some people run away from it, some people embrace it; I found a good middle ground.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|Then the prophecies of the old songs have turned out to be true, after a fashion!” said Bilbo. “Of course!” said Gandalf. “And why should not they prove true? Surely you don’t disbelieve the prophecies, because you had a hand in bringing them about yourself? You don't really suppose, do you, that all your adventures and escapes were managed by mere luck, just for your sole benefit? You are a very fine person, Mr. Baggins, and I am very fond of you; but you are only quite a little fellow in a whole wide world after all!
Milos Forman|Cervantes is the most important Spanish writer. But he is not the most representative of the Spanish. His irony, his sense of humor - they are too subtle to seem Spanish.
Lisa McMann, Gone|I think you’re my hero,' she said. Only half-kidding.He stared at her, the picture of incredulity. 'Most people,' he said, 'think I am a very bad man.'She studied his eyes to try to find out if that bothered him. He didn’t seem bothered by them. He seemed discomfited by her. 'Well,' she said at last, 'maybe you’re a very good dragon.
T.H. White, Ghostly, Grim and Gruesome|Jesus Christ-" "Is Not here right now," the man in black replied,"and even if he were, he could not save you.
Albert O. Hirschman|Creativity always comes as a surprise to us; therefore we can never count on it and we dare not believe in it until it has happened... Hence, the only way in which we can bring our creative resources fully into play is by misjudging the nature of the task, by presenting it to ourselves as more routine, simple, undemanding of genuine creativity than it will turn out to be... We are apparently on the trail here of some sort of invisible or hidden hand that beneficially hides difficulties from us.
Jeremy Taylor|Sometimes I feel very alone. I am a bit of a nomad. Many people in sort of emerging countries, emerging economies, find themselves displaced. So there is that sense, and so I'm part of a whole, I think, group of displaced people.
Imam Ahmad|If you want Allah to be persistent in granting you the thing you love, then be persistent in doing the things he loves.
C.J. Redwine, Deception|Tears aren't for the people we've lost. They're for us. So we can remember, and celebrate, and miss them, and feel human.
Maurice Hinchey|The so-called 'materialistic conception of history,' with the crude elements of genius of the early form which appeared, for instance, in the 'Communist Manifesto,' still prevails only in the minds of laymen and dilettantes.
Yusef Komunyakaa, The Chameleon Couch|… MOM!” Martha finally screamed. “Mom, you’ve got to see these!”“Is it about Hermione?” She exclaimed, rushing into the middle of the room. Her mouth dropped open in horror when she noticed Hermione’s walls.“I can’t find any… polite… photos of her, mom.”“Why are there ones of her eating out of dumpsters and giving seniors the finger?”“No idea,” Martha replied.“Oh god… I’ll get one out of my wallet,” Her mom decided, hurrying out of the room frantically. ...It’s funny how when one thing happens, it can make you forget about something else.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|To meditate, only you must smile. Smile with face, smile with mind, and good energy will come to you and clean away dirty energy.
John O'Donohue, Beauty: The Invisible Embrace|When our eyes are graced with wonder, the world reveals its wonders to us. There are people who see only dullness in the world and that is because their eyes have already been dulled. So much depends on how we look at things. The quality of our looking determines what we come to see.
Ayn Rand|Haven't I? - he thought. Haven't I thought of it since the first time I saw you? Haven't I thought of nothing else for two years? ...He sat motionless, looking at her. He heard the words he had never allowed himself to form, the words he had felt, known, yet had not faced, had hoped to destroy by never letting them be said within his own mind. Now it was as sudden and shocking as if he were saying it to her ...Since the first time I saw you ...Nothing but your body, that mouth of yours, and the way your eyes would look at me, if ...Through every sentence I ever said to you, through every conference you thought so safe, through the importance of all the issues we discussed ...You trusted me, didn't you? To recognize your greatness? To think of you as you deserved - as if you were a man? ...Don't you suppose I know how much I've betrayed? The only bright encounter of my life - the only person I respected - the best business man I know - my ally - my partner in a desperate battle ...The lowest of all desires - as my answer to the highest I've met ...Do you know what I am? I thought of it, because it should have been unthinkable. For that degrading need, which would never touch you, I have never wanted anyone but you ...I hadn't known what it was like, to want it, until I saw you for the first time. I had thought : Not I, I couldn't be broken by it ...Since then ...For two years ...With not a moments respite ...Do you know what it's like, to want it? Would you wish to hear what I thought when I looked at you ...When I lay awake at night ...When I hear your voice over a telephone wire ...When I worked, but could not drive it away? ...To bring you down to things you cant conceive - and to know that it's I who have done it. To reduce you to a body, to teach you an animal's pleasure, to see you need it, to see you asking me for it, to see your wonderful spirit dependent on the upon the obscenity of your need. To watch you as you are, as you face the world with your clean, proud strength - then to see you, in my bed, submitting to any infamous whim I may devise, to any act which I'll preform for the sole purpose of watching your dishonor and to which you'll submit for the sake of an unspeakable sensation ...I want you - and may I be damned for it!
Hans Christian Andersen, The Ugly Duckling|His own image; no longer a dark, gray bird, ugly and disagreeable to look at, but a graceful and beautiful swan. To be born in a duck's nest, in a farmyard, is of no consequence to a bird, if it is hatched from a swan's egg.
Rikki Ducornet, The Fan-Maker's Inquisition: A Novel of the Marquis de Sade|Deep down, she's a good person, Diana is," Caine said, and sighed. "Deep down, I'm not. But she is.
Robyn Carr, Wild Man Creek|Did you miss me?’“A little bit,” she said with a shrug.“You have tears running down your cheeks,” he said with a grin. “I think you missed me more than a little.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|By revealing to Tomas her dream about jabbing needles under her fingernails, Tereza unwittingly revealed that she had gone through his desk. If Tereza had been any other woman, Tomas would never have spoken to her again. Aware of that, Tereza said to him, Throw me out! But instead of throwing her out, he seized her hand and kissed the tips of her fingers, because at that moment he himself felt the pain under her fingernails as surely as if the nerves of her fingers led straight to his own brain.Anyone who has failed to benefit from the Devil’s gift of compassion (co-feeling) will condemn Tereza coldly for her deed, because privacy is sacred and drawers containing intimate correspondence are not to be opened. But because compassion was Tomas’s fate (or curse), he felt that he himself had knelt before the open desk drawer, unable to tear his eyes from Sabina’s letter. He understood Tereza, and not only was he incapable of being angry with her, he loved her all the more.
Lizzy Ford, Kiera's Moon|Think people really want to know what's out there?""Probably not. People don't know what they want, Evelyn, or life wouldn't suck
Eugene Ionesco|Corporate America limits the world to consumerism. Science can limit it to the material world. Even religion limits it to a lot of theories that can explain everything. I think we need cinema to break that apart and remind us that we're not in control, and we don't understand as much as we think do.
Christina Scalise, Are We Normal? Funny True Stories from an Everyday Family|Life is way too short, so try to enjoy every minute of it with a sense of humor!
Akira Mizuta Lippit, Atomic Light|For Merleau-Ponty, the phenomenology of the human body, the very phenomenon of the human body, is intimately linked to "the problems of painting": "Things have an internal equivalent in me; they arouse in me a carnal formula of their presence. Why shouldn't these [correspondences] in turn give rise to some [external] visible shape in which anyone else would recognize those motifs which support his own inspection of the world?" Painting brings forth a carnal visuality, an embodied and incarnate image, by establishing the internal equivalent ("in me") of the outside world, which is made of the "same stuff." I am an extension of the world, but the world extends, intensifies, forms a "line of intensity," to use Gilles Deleuze's idiom, inside me. The world forms a "strange system of exchanges" with me; I am constituted in an exchange with the world. Painting makes this continuity visible, is itself the visualization of this continuity, of this blending of the inside and out. Images—"designs" and "paintings"—says Merleau-Ponty, are "the inside of the outside and the outside of the inside, which the duplicity of feeling makes possible and without which we would never understand the quasi presence and imminent visibility which make up the whole problem of the imaginary.
Debasish Mridha|True love is when you love someone without hesitation, without expectations, and without judgment.
Roald Dahl, The BFG|The matter with human beans," the BFG went on, "is that they is absolutely refusing to believe in anything unless they is actually seeing it right in front of their own schnozzles.
Augusten Burroughs, Magical Thinking|You have your way. I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist.
Hark Herald Sarmiento|Most of the luxuries, and many of the so called comforts of life, are not only indispensable, but positive hinderances to the elevation of mankind. With respect to luxuries and comforts, the wisest have ever lived a more simple and meagre life than the poor.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Dear 2016,If I had any defeats in your team, I am glad they were on my terms.Love, Defeated Winner
Christine Feehan, Oceans of Fire|I've decided that I'm going to collect as many spiders in a jar as I can and then pour them all over you, William Flecter. Seeing as how it's good to face your fears.
Jennifer Granholm|My mother moved abroad when I was 11, my dad wasn't around from the time that I was a baby, so I was not the product of a family, but a product of observation - of watching what went on around me, of watching who I liked, what I didn't like, what I thought was good behavior and what I thought was bad behavior and tailoring myself accordingly.
Arthur Conan Doyle|It's Halloween,The night we all play,Trick or treat,We won't go away.Be we ghoul or goblin, ghost,We'll knock on your door,To see who scares you the most.But cringe not in fear,Or cry out in pain,Cause it's only a game,Oh, what a shame.But don't despair,In the cold night air,Because we'll be back,And then you'll be scared!But not just one,Or even two.And so we bid you,A sweet adieu.
Jeanne McElvaney, Time Slipping|Intuition is our knight in white, shining armor, there to help us claim our kingdom in the bold time of life.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The teacher can only provide the lessons, but the student ultimately decides what to learn.
Janet Evanovich, Three to Get Deadly|Mr. Benedict: "After I woke up and composed myself, however, I realized the flowers must certainly be yours, Constance, to do with as you please. At any rate -- " Mr.Benedict broke off, for just then Constance jumped to her feet, snatched the bouquet from his desk, and hurled it into the wastebasket with all the force she could muster -- so hard that flower petals flew up out of the wastebasket like tiny pink butterflies. Then placing her hands against the wall to steady herself, she stomped one foot repeatedly into the wastebasket as if trying to put out a fire. "I see we are of the same opinion," said Mr. Benedict as Constance returned to her seat, and the others congratulated her on her judgment.
Silvia Hartmann|It doesn’t matter what you think, what you believe or what you feel the only thing that ultimately matters is what you do.
Andrew James Pritchard|While I told myself that each win was a small deposit on the ultimate ownership of the world welterweight crown, the enormous need in me to win touched a whole heap of other responses a fourteen years old can't really work out. It had something to do with rejecting the Lord, with my mother, the Judge, being surrounded by guys who came from wealthy homes, even my headless snake. While I didn't think of it as camouflage, I now know that it was, that I kept myself protected by being out in front. Too far in front to be an easy mark.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|Journey to Excellence involve identifying the right things, at the right time, and to act upon them with the right way to achieve desired measurable outcome.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Naturally, everyone is expected to enter the future only once, but by the transport medium of dreams, great people enjoy the future twice! They pay a visit into the future by dreaming, and they relocate to settle in it by their purposeful actions!
Diane Hendricks|My films are always concerned with family, friendship, honor, and patriotism.
Hank Bracker|But against sandfly fever one could be inoculated, and I have another, hideously vivid picture of a great menacing brute of a doctor sticking a Thing that ended in a vicious needle into my mother's arm. Mad to defend my own, I scrambled off my father's knee, and flew to her rescue. I fixed my teeth in the doctor's horrible hairy wrist and hung on like a terrier, until my father succeeded in prising me away. Afterwards, everybody said how wonderful the doctor had been, because he continued calmly giving the inoculation while I was prised off him, instead of breaking the needle in my mother's arm. But nobody said how brave it was of me, only three years old, when all is said and done, and gone in the legs at that, to take on such fearful odds for the sake of love.
Harshit Vaishnav|In the infinity and chaos that swirls around them, they have fulfilled their purposes: to live their lives with less suffering, to further humanity's forays into the inhospitable void, to love one another unconditionally, endlessly.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Great robber though he was, Kandata could only trash about like a dying frog as he choked on the blood of the pond.
Ernesto Mora, A Walk Among the Black Brambles|For hearts gone by in times past, unassuming, with not even a glance. In another lifetime, perhaps
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|All malice, real and imagined, Ralegh's and the KIng's, will die upon the instant stroke of an axe. Be buried with him. His faith, then? Whatever remains will be parted. Some will go with the head and some with the headless body. Let them look for each other on Judgment Day. Perhaps on that day, in the haste of it, the bodies of traitors will have to settle for heads other than their own. Some inevitable mismatching of villians and rogues will take place. And one fine bony fellow will spy his skull upon another's body. Then another. And then maybe we shall be witness to the brawl and battle of the bones...
ShahenshahHK|If you wish to cook, the recipe for success is to follow a good chef, follow his approach & ingredients.Avoid the situation where you get convinced by the taste, but not by the approach or ingredients used; and you start adding own approach & ingredients. The starting point of getting the success is to be a student in order to master the craft and once you have mastered the craft than improvise to become the master.
Henry Ducard|Now you must journey inwards to what you really fear it's inside you... there is no turning back. Your training is nothing. The will is everything. The will to act. If you make yourself more than just a man, if you devote yourself to an ideal, you become something else entirely. Are you ready to begin? - Batman Begins
Sheila Rowbotham, Women, Resistance and Revolution: A History of Women and Revolution in the Modern World|It is only when women start to organize in large numbers that we become a political force, and begin to move towards the possibility of a truly democratic society in which every human being can be brave, responsible, thinking and diligent in the struggle to live at once freely and unselfishly. Such a democracy would be communism, and is beyond our present imagining.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Oh, it’s mysterious lamplit evenings, here in the galaxy, one after the other. It’s one of those nights when I wander from window to window, looking for a sign. But I can’t see. Terror and a beauty insoluble are a ribband of blue woven into the fringes of garments of things both great and small. No culture explains, no bivouac offers real haven or rest. But it could be that we are not seeing something. Galileo thought that comets were an optical illusion. This is fertile ground: since we are certain that they’re not, we can look at what scientists are saying with fresh hope. What if there are really gleaming castellated cities hung upside-down over the desert sand? What limpid lakes and cool date palms have our caravans passed untried? Until, one by one, by the blindest of leaps, we light on the road to these places, we must stumble in darkness and hunger.
Bertrand Russell, Sceptical Essays|An ideology can provide a satisfying narrative that explains chaotic events and collective misfortunes in a way that flatters the virtue and competence of believers, while being vague or conspiratorial enough to withstand skeptical scrutiny.
Christian F. Burton, Energy Dependence Day|You can tell Allah that when he judges you. Explain how you helped them build their obscene wealth. Explain how you helped them dole out scraps to the general population in order to keep it in check. Explain how you looked the other way while your employers raped the holy land for their own benefit and enjoyment. And why did you look the other way? So you could keep your modest civil servant post. Take the money,” Siraj insisted as he pushed it across the table. “You've done more to earn it than I have.
Stephen R. Lawhead, The Shadow Lamp|-the future is a most marvellous creation. For in it lies all the mystery of raw potentiality-a boundless reservoir of all that could be-formed by the illimitable interactions of conscious human beings with their individual environments, circumstances, and conditions, and in concert with their fellow humans.
Loretta Nyhan, Empire Girls|It occurred to me that grief is like a tunnel. You enter it without a choice because you must get to the other side. The darkness of it plays tricks on you and sometimes you can even forget where you are or what your purpose is. I believe that people, now and again, get lost or stuck in that tunnel and never find their way out.
Gavin MacLeod, This Is Your Captain Speaking: My Fantastic Voyage Through Hollywood, Faith and Life|I had enough of a story churning in my head that combined all the elements of the day—the interview, the concert, the after-party’s private session—when he put his guitar away and asked me if I had ever experimented with homosexuality. Talk about unexpected segues. Letting him know that I had not and wasn’t about to, I successfully changed the subject by asking him to give me a condensed account about traveling to Mississippi in search of Bukka White.
ANIKOR Daniel|The greatest enemy of man is not sin, the enemy of man is not Satan, the greatest enemy is ignorance.
Mike  Norton, White Mountain|The true measure of a man is not what he dreams, but what he aspires to be; a dream is nothing without action. Whether one fails or succeeds is irrelevant; all that matters is that there was motion in his life. That alone affects the world.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|Give your time to people who will appreciate it because if you don't you will soon feel alone and empty. Fill yourself with love wherever you can even it it's your own because if you don't love you, you will not realize when someone else does.
Brian E. Boyd Sr., Social Media for the Executive|It is far better to have 10,000 Facebook friends who are in the same category or aligned with your values or a common inter- est than 100,000 random robot followers from around the world.
Heather Day Gilbert, Miranda Warning|He tried to soften his mouth against hers, tried to tell her he was sorry, but she stayed frozen in his arms, as if she couldn't believe, after everything that had happened, that he thought he could break her heart and take a kiss too.
G.M. Ford, Who in Hell Is Wanda Fuca?|Where’s Nadine?” “She went out for a walk the other day and didn’t come back.” “Really.” I tried to sound surprised. “No sweat,” he said. “Pussy may well be the only true renewable resource, Leo. I’ve got another one lined up for when I get back.” I had to admire a man with that kind of insight and planning.
Yasmina Khadra|Our gifts are very pleasant to Him. He loves to see us lay our time, our talents, our substance on the altar not for the value of what we give, but for the sake of the motive from which the gift springs.
Emma Thompson, The Sense and Sensibility Screenplay and Diaries: Bringing Jane Austen's Novel to Film|It was personal to me." ~Kathleen Kelly (Meg Ryan) in You've Got Mail
Walter Scott, The Lady of the Lake|My hope, my heaven, my trust must be,My gentle guide, in following thee.
Quentin R. Bufogle|We're surrounded by people who don’t make that distinction. If you say to them ‘there’s a monster living in my closet, you can’t see him, but you gotta have faith that he’s there’ people would say ‘well that’s ridiculous, you’re out of you’re mind, you should be locked up’ but the same thing does not apply to a guy living on a cloud... We suspend our powers of logic.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|Oliver laughed - actually laughed."I like this new Claire," he said. "You should work her this hard all the time, Myrnin. She's interesting when she's forthright."Claire, possessed by the spirit of Eve, shot him the finger. Which made him laugh again, shake his head, and walk up the steps.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|I was halfway across America, at the dividing line between the East of my youth and the West of my future.
Ashley Earley, The Darkest Light|My mind screams for me to run, but my feet are planted where they are. This can’t be happening. This can’t be real. There’s no way this is real!
Thomas Henry Huxley, The Advance of Science in the Last Half-Century|It is my greatest wish that victims of paranormal attack are treated with the respect and compassion they deserve, and that by writing this book, it will encourage others to come forward and share their stories also.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|I say, `Woe to them that have a nose, a real nose,and come to look round the torture-chamber! Aha, aha, aha!
Anna Quindlen|Being a mother must be the saddest yet the most hopeful thing in the world, falling into a love that, once started, would never end.
Janette Rallison, Just One Wish|I keep on going with this sad and hungry and sordid, this limping and mutilated story, because after all I want you to hear it….By telling you anything at all I’m at least believing in you….Because I’m telling you this story I will your existence. I tell, therefore you are.
James Mark Baldwin|I think there's an awful lot of noise about the Church being persecuted but there is a more real issue that the conventional churches face - that the people who are really driving their revival and success believe in an old-time religion which, in my view, is incompatible with a modern, multi-ethnic, multicultural society.
Rebekkah Ford, Dark Spirits|P-p-p-please, don’t cast me out
Sadashivan Nair|As many Chinas as there were, there were that many Charleses as well. Every immigrant is the person he might have been and the person he is, and his homeland is at once the place it would have been to him from the inside and the place it must be to him from the outside.
Vladimir Nabokov, Speak, Memory|I journeyed alone for almost ten years before I found home. Adoptions are like very delicate gardening with transplants and grafts. Mine took hold, rooted, and bloomed, even though there were inevitable adjustments to the new soil and climate. Yet I have not forgotten where my roots started.
Henry Johnson Jr|Once, we were a mighty nation Our people came from strong foundation Until cursed with darker days A dragon red came from skies blue Came and stole the things we once knew Making us humble, unknown But we were told one day of old That we’d give our throne of ancient gold To a prince and dragon slayer’s son For us to regain the ancient throne He will fight and bleed for our mountain home This dragon prince of Bowen’s line He will kill the drake that broke us He will remove the Witch who cursed us And become our King some glad day So now we wait ever patiently We wait for the one promised to make us free We wait for this prince to come
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|For the rest, they shall represent the other Free Peoples of the World: Elves, Dwarves, and Men, Legolas shall be for the Elves; and Gimli son of Gloin for the Dwarves. They are willing to go at least to the passes of the Mountains, and maybe beyond. For Men you shall have Aragorn son of Arathorn, for the Ring of Isildur concerns him closely
Kelsey Miller, Big Girl: How I Gave Up Dieting and Got a Life|We don't get montages or grand finales. We just eat dinner and do the dishes, and absolutely no one's going to clap their hands about it.
Richie Norton|What are you will to sacrifice for success? Whatever it is, don't sacrifice your values, your morals, your principles. Not worth it.
Katherine Paterson|The wonderful thing about books is that they allow us to enter imaginatively into someone else’s life. And when we do that, we learn to sympathize with other people. But the real surprise is that we also learn truths about ourselves, about our own lives, that somehow we hadn’t been able to see before.
Sunday Adelaja|Discipline is when we limit ourselves, put borders around ourselves.
Holly Cupala, Don't Breathe a Word|Time itself is a thing, so it seems to me, that stands solidly like a fence of iron palings with its endless row of years; and we flow past like Gyoll, on our way to a sea from which we shall return only as rain.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|I have a good life, I remind myself. There are plenty of people who love me. They're just not around at the moment.
Jerry A. Coyne, Why Evolution Is True|Given enough time, even evolution evolves.
Leonard Cohen, Book of Mercy|Unlike the bough that shook off her dead leaves violentlylike a wet terrier,unlike the beating of the butterfly, her wings, against the cocoon, some dreams never made a move.
Danielle Steel, Big Girl|I would be the best of us, the highest of the lows.
Jayde Scott|I was stirred only like a leaf in the wind, that is all. . .
Michael Bay|I make movies that audiences like, that I'd want to see. That's all.
Ian McEwan|Either I've always spoken to her from the heart in times like this, or I never have and I don't know what it means.
Drew  Hayes, The Utterly Uninteresting and Unadventurous Tales of Fred, the Vampire Accountant|I need to know why I’m so broken, so I can fix myself. One way or another. Maybe this place can help me do that, and then I can finally look forward to my future. Because I’m starting to realize there’s something worse than stepping up and facing your fears – and that’s living as if you’re already dead.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|Seriously, people have never called or told me that I was an unproposed guy or the lame loader or the douchebag’s dude, but it was me who felt it safe and secure after I named to myself, wondering what negatives I would feel if people name it. Same thing happens with us everywhere in life.
Dorothy Koomson, The Woman He Loved Before|Elliot and I were more 'adult' about it all. We'd kiss hello and goodbye and we'd kiss as part of foreplay, but we wouldn't kiss just for the sake of it. not when we got together properly.I would love to snog Jack Britcham. I would love to inhale the smell of him, feast in the scent of him, become intoxicated by him. And of course there is nothing wrong with looking at him. I would love to run my fingers over the lines of his body, touch him and see if I could absorb him through the pads of my fingers, have him enter my bloodstream and race through my veins. I would love to taste him. See if he tastes as good as he looks.I don't know why he's got so far under my skin, but he has. And that's not a bad thing, I didn't think. It gives me something to look forward to, I suppose.Loved-up saddo
Rosemary Sutcliff, The Eagle of the Ninth|Esca tossed the slender papyrus roll onto the cot, and set his own hands over Marcus's. "I have not served the Centurion because I was his slave," he said, dropping unconsciously into the speech of his own people. "I have served Marcus, and it was not slave-service...my stomach will be glad when we start on this hunting trail.
Naomi Wolf|For I conclude that the enemy is not lipstick, but guilt itself; that we deserve lipstick, if we want it, AND free speech; we deserve to be sexual AND serious--or whatever we please; we are entitled to wear cowboy boots to our own revolution.
Ricky Martin|The work of community, love, reconciliation, restoration is the work we cannot leave up to politicians. This is the work we are all called to do.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|With God, anything that stands against you will always be inferior to what resides within you.
Anna Funder, Stasiland: Stories from Behind the Berlin Wall|No excellent soul is exempt from a mixture of madness.- Aristotle (Attributed by Seneca in Moral Essays, "De Tranquillitate Animi" On Tranquility of Mind, sct. 17, subsct. 10.)
Lemony Snicket, Shouldn't You Be in School?|To every whisper if you listen carefully, you will hear or fail to hear something.
Daniel Boulud|The visionary starts with a clean sheet of paper, and re-imagines the world.
Nash|It doesn't matter how many friends you have on Facebook or twitter, if you have no real friends means you have nothing in your life.
John Blaine, The Phantom Shark|Perhaps that was just a hunch."Barbee shivered again. He knew that he himself possessed what he called the "nose for news" - an intuitive perception of human motivations and the impending events that would spring from them. It wasn't a faculty he could analyze or account for, but he knew that it wasn't unusual. Most successful reporters possessed it, he believed - even though, in an age of skepticism for everything except mechanistic materialism, they wisely denied it.That dim sense had been useful to him - on those summer field trips, before Mendrick turned him out, it had led him to more than one promising prehistoric site, simply because he somehow knew where a band of wild hunters would prefer to camp, or to dig a comrade's grave.Commonly, however, that uncontrolled faculty had been more curse than blessing. It made him too keenly aware of all that people thought and did around him, kept him troubled with an uneasy alertness. Except when he was drunk. He drank too much, and knew that many other newsmen did. That vague sensitivity, he believed; was half the reason.
Jonathan Martin|IT is only when we are no longer in control--because of sickness, death, or our own bad choices--that we no longer cling. The path to salvation is the path of humiliation.
Ben Nicholson|If you're into architecture and you're from the West, everything is hors d'oeuvres for working to rebuild the Temple. Ultimately you're led there. You can't escape it.
Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City|There is your car and the open road, the fabled lure of random adventure. You stand at the verge, and you could become anything. Your future shifts and warps with your smallest step, your shitty little whims. The man you will become is at your mercy.
Matt Haig, Reasons to Stay Alive|Mary was my first encounter with dissociative identity disorder (DID), which at that time was called multiple personality disorder. As dramatic as its symptoms are, the internal splitting and emergence of distinct identities experienced in DID represent only the extreme end of the spectrum of mental life.
Voltaire, Jeannot et Colin|All our ancient history, as one of our wits remarked, is no more than accepted fiction.
Shakira|The irony is that the more we fight age, the more it shows. Paint on a 50-year-old face brings to mind a Gilbert and Sullivan comic figure. Smooth the cheeks, and suddenly the ear lobes and hands look out of place. Do we run around in October, painting the gold leaves green?
Pearl Zhu, Digital Gaps: Bridging Multiple Gaps to Run Cohesive Digital Business|From a leadership perspective, the liking has to be qualified and be able to garner respect.
Mike Corbett, Laughter of the Damned|Lord Foulgrin: "You must not let him see Charis as a place of learning, exploration, duties, travel, companionship, banquets, celebrations, and productive work. A low view of heaven is our ace in the hole." (conspiring to bring Fletcher down after salvation)
Gwen Hayes, So Over You|You sure are a sweet girl, Scout. I'm half tempted to keep you.""Ummm... Thanks?" Knowing she was a potential Alpha I worried about what "keeping me" might entail. Probably chains. And whips. And maybe a dog collar.And now I was going to have to live with scary Fifty Shades Aunt Rachel pictures living in my head for all time.
Ryszard Kapuściński, Travels with Herodotus|A journey, after all, neither begins in the instant we set out, nor ends when we have reached our door step once again. It starts much earlier and is really never over, because the film of memory continues running on inside of us long after we have come to a physical standstill. Indeed, there exists something like a contagion of travel, and the disease is essentially incurable.
Anne Rouen, Master of Illusion|Beware, lion’s lady, for your predator is hungry tonight. He may not wait long before devouring you.” “Devouring me?” she asked, challenge gleaming in her eyes. “What if I devour him first?
Piero Gheddo|Why are...poor people more ready to share their goods than rich people? The answer is easy: The poor have little to lose; the rich have more to lose and they are more attached to their possessions. Poverty provides a deeper motivation for understanding your neighbors, welcoming others and attending to those who are suffering. I would go so far as to say that poverty helps you understand what happiness is, what serenity is in life.
Dee  Williams, The Big Tiny: A Built-It-Myself Memoir|Simplicity, is the best city to live in...
Soke Behzad Ahmadi|If you wish to break with tradition, learn your craft well, and embrace adversity
Mehmet Murat ildan|In any situation you have the choice to stay positive and embrace it with courage, faith, and hope.
Miguel Syjuco|Our young people have come to look upon war as a kind of beneficent deity, which not only adds to the national honor but uplifts a nation and develops patriotism and courage.
Aaron Allston, Starfighters of Adumar|No, General. I'm not your subordinate. And what I'm coming dangerously close to is violence.-General Wedge Antilles
Matthew Arnold|He who looks the higher is the more highly distinguished, and turning over the great book of nature (which is the proper object of philosophy) is the way to elevate one's gaze.
Catherine Coulter|She'd be dead before the memories and pain were finally gone; she knew it, accepted it, and dealt with it.
Max Barry, Jennifer Government|LEARN FROM THE MASTERS: Mark Twain once said, “Show, don’t tell.” This is an incredibly important lesson for writers to remember; never get such a giant head that you feel entitled to throw around obscure phrases like “Show, don’t tell.” Thanks for nothing, Mr. Cryptic.
Brunello Cucinelli|There are good intentions behind many people's conversion to veganism, including an admirable devotion to the well-being of animals and a justified skepticism about the crap the USDA allows manufacturers to put in our food. But it's hard to ignore the often sanctimonious nature of what some nutritionists view as an 'extremist' way of eating.
Thomas Paine, Common Sense|But there is another and greater distinction for which no truly natural or religious reason can be assigned, and that is the distinction of men into kings and subjects. Male and female are the distinctions of nature, good and band, the distinctions of heaven; but how a race of men came into the world so exalted above the rest, and distinguished like some new species, is worth inquiring into, and whether they are the means of happiness or of misery to mankind.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Disciples of Fortune|Remember these, Sons! Truth presented with tenderness enriches the soul of man and enhances humanity in the process. A Franco-Cameroonian relation based on truth and nurtured with tenderness will be to the benefit not only of Kamerun and France, but also of mankind as a whole.
George Orwell, Down and Out in Paris and London|If the world were full of the self-seeking individuals found in economics textbooks, it would grind to a halt because we would be spending most of our time cheating, trying to catch the cheaters, and punishing the caught. The world works as it does only because people are not the totally self seeking agents that free-market economics believes them to be. We need to design an economic system that, while acknowledging that people are often selfish, exploits other human motives to the full and gets the best out of people. The likelihood is that, if we assume the worst about people, we will get the worst out of them.
Elon Musk|I have a unique history. There's no way to ever separate what your life would have been like if you had taken a different path. You have to embrace what is yours, and if you don't like it, you have to decide to change it.
Tracee Ellis Ross|If we drive down the cost of transportation in space, we can do great things.
Thomas McGuane|We both liked children; we just didn't want any ourselves. There were children everywhere, and we saw no reason to start our own brand. Young couples plunge into parenthood and about half the time they end up with some ghastly problem on their hands. We thought we'd leave that to others.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I often ask to what place I am running, for if I am unable to identify that place it is likely that I am running in a circle of the most circular sort.
Jonathan Watts, Unsavory Elements: Stories of Foreigners on the Loose in China|Differences don’t necessarily mean conflict, diversity is beautiful!
John Mason Brown|The purpose of writing is to hold a mirror to nature, but too much today is written from small mirrors in vanity cases.
Denis Guedj|Where would you be without etymology'? Lea asked sarcastically.'I think I might find words a little less interesting,' said Mr Ruche.
Jeaniene Frost, Magic Graves|I am a beautiful thing, shaped for fighting.
W. Daniel Hillis|People are mostly focused on defending the computers on the Internet, and there's been surprisingly little attention to defending the Internet itself as a communications medium.
Dipak Mukhopadhyay|--perhaps a soul is what you have spent your life making, not a piece of metaphysical equipment shipped ready-made from the factory, another myth like original sin, which you were outfitted with at birth and could somehow lose, like men high and low sometimes lost their humanity--
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Pain is a crucial part of our reality; it awakens a person from a mental stupor. A person must never be afraid to discover where their pain originates, follow pain to where it emanates from, learn from its messages, and reject the mindless business and busyness of contemporary culture in order to fuel an artistic vision of the self.
S. Kelley Harrell, Gift of the Dreamtime - Reader's Companion|We don't heal in isolation, but in community.
Samuel Johnson|Mankind have a great aversion to intellectual labor; but even supposing knowledge to be easily attainable, more people would be content to be ignorant than would take even a little trouble to acquire it.
Alexei Maxim Russell, Forgotten Lore: Volume I|And if I see you step foot on my property again, I’ll do more than make a phone call,” he says, waving the baseball bat around menacingly.
Cassandra Clare, The Lost Herondale|Think a hundred times before you take a decision, but once that decision is taken, stand by it as one man.
Meister Eckhart|God doesn't want us to have rigid rituals with Him. In the new covenant, He is more interested in having a relationship with us.
Dawn Sister, See You Smile|Just don't be surprised if while you are looking to the heavens, I am looking to you. You, my dear Mrs. Hastings,are all the beauty, guidance, and light I will ever need.
Paul   Terry|Whenever I feel the need to exercise, I lie down until it goes away.
Mark Twain, Speeches|I was sorry to have my name mentioned as one of the great authors, because they have a sad habit of dying off. Chaucer is dead, Spencer is dead, so is Milton, so is Shakespeare, and I’m not feeling so well myself.
Josephine Baker|I never saw, heard, nor read, that the clergy were beloved in any nation where Christianity was the religion of the country. Nothing can render them popular, but some degree of persecution.
Suzanne Collins, Gregor and the Code of Claw|If you hit bottom, there's a whole lot of people here to help you up
Matt Patterson|I hate to admit this, but some days hearing about other people's problems actually cheers me up.
Shannon Hale, Enna Burning|Write about us,” Robinson urged. “Tell our story.” And I did it; I told our story. You hold it in your hands.
Tariq Ali|I'm a really hectic dreamer; I never wake up not out of a dream, and there's loads going on, lots of action, big blockbuster dreams, they're all major enterprises.
ali almajid|And, after all, you’ve got to live.”“Not that way,” said Roark.
Stephanie Beatriz|And then when all around grows dark, when we feel utterly alone, when all men right and left pass us by and know us not, a forgotten feeling rises in the breast.
Kazuo Ishiguro, The Remains of the Day|If you are under the impression you have already perfected yourself, you will never rise to the heights you are no doubt capable of.
Albert Dietrich, Army GI, Pacifist CO: The World War II Letters of Frank and Albert Dietrich|There are perhaps many causes worth dying for, but to me, certainly, there are none worth killing for.
Charles Dickens|The mother who lay in the grave, was the mother of my infancy; the little creature in her arms, was myself, as I had once been, hushed for ever on her bosom.
John Gerzema|You can turn painful situations around through laughter. If you can find humor in anything, even poverty, you can survive it.
Sam Elliott|When I performed at 'Open Mic U.K.' I had this connection with the audience that I'd never felt before, and I loved it. It was my first big thing, and looking out into the crowd... was just amazing.
Edith Wharton, The Custom of the Country|If you're as detached as that, why does the obsolete institution of marriage survive with you?"Oh, it still has its uses. One couldn't be divorced without it.
Akshay Vasu|In the road of right and wrong, trust me and hold my hand. Let's walk into the cave none has ever strayed into, where nothing matters except us. With the light, you hold in your eyes, let me destroy all the darkness in there.
Danny L.  Deaubé|The uninitiated might say that I am lost in my books, but I know I am more found than lost.
Bertrand De Jouvenel, Sovereignty|Rejoicing in his absolute authority, the single egoist will exploit it methodically, whereas a mêlée of egoists will bring about a ruinous disorder and a disastrous cleavage, because the contrariety of the appetites to be satisfied will prevent the satisfaction of any single one. Clearly, then, the effect of the pursuit of private ends under cover of the public good will be worse if there are many with a hand in power than if there is only one.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|He may have as strong a sense of what would be right, as you can have, without being so equal under particular circumstances to act up to it.""Then, it would not be so strong a sense. If it failed to produce equal exertion, it could not be an equal conviction.
Avijeet Das|She: Why do I miss you?He: You miss the concept of 'me.'She: What do you mean?He: I reside in an abode where your thoughts imagine me.She: And what about me?He: You reside in my heart where the ventricles camouflage my longing.~ Conversations, Avijeet Musafir Das
Lena Dunham|When you act, you've got to be like a poet or a musician. It's not about evidence before court. It's not a forensic subject. It's poetry; it's a completely different place.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|The tiny space, the toilet, two hundred strangers just a few inches away, it's so exciting, the lack of room to maneuver, it helps if you're double-jointed. Use your imagination. Some creativity and a few simple stretching exercises and you can be knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door. You'll be amazed how time flies.
Stormie Omartian, Stormie: A Story of Forgiveness and Healing|My dreams had to be His dreams, the ones He placed in my heart. They couldn't be the ones I thought I should have, or needed for the purpose of making other people like me.
Narissa Doumani, A Spacious Life: Memoir of a Meditator|It starts with a single breath and the present moment, but where it takes you is into the vast radiance of your true nature, into a magical, spacious life.
Harry Blamires, The Christian Mind: How Should a Christian Think?|Ramadi’s sky was generously filled with stars. Celestial ornaments set against a banner of a deep blue velvet sky. It was a place where hell, death, and heaven were so clear and the closest I’ve felt to all three in my life.
Rudolf Carnap|What is tolerance? It is a necessary consequence of humanity. We are all fallible, let us then pardon each other's follies. This is the first principle of natural right.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|mankind have a little corrupted nature, for they were not born wolves, and they have become wolves; God has given them neither cannon of four-and-twenty pounders, nor bayonets; and yet they have made cannon and bayonets to destroy one another.
Ness Kingsley, The Curse of Cackling Meadows|I hope so,” grumbled Ian. “I’m going to look for another one of ‘em winged dogs for Mabel.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|DICK’S DESIREDick's eyes-Soft, cold, and blue-Meet Devonshire's-Dark, sexy, and yearning.Turning away-Dick grabs two packets of sugar-While Devonshire's eyes-Are still upon him-Pondering his every move.Is Dick a playboy,A ladies' man,A mans' man,Or a killer?Does his sex long for,Something hard-Or something soft?Does he need cream in his coffee-The screaming splash of a man,Or the sweet flow of a woman?Finishing up at the bar-Dick turns to leave-Meets Devonshire's gaze again-Hot, thirsty, and longing-But full of trepidation.Following the flow of etiquette-Dick shoots out of the cafe,Past Devonshire,And into a world of dashed hopes,And regrets.But Devonshire-No longer of two worlds-Rises in pursuit-Goes after Dick,And taps him on the shoulder.Dick gives a turn,Raises his shoulders,And smiles with interest-Taking Devonshire's hand,And asking his name.Devonshire answers-Desire.Dick invites Devonshire to dinner,Where he eats everything,Swallowing Dick's life stories,And devouring his misgivings.For dessert,Devonshire takes Dick home,Into his bed,Against his flesh,And gives Dick all of him-His deepest desires,The love in his eyes,And the fire in his soul.
Deepak Chopra|Typically, only about 2 percent of the American populace tunes in to PBS's 'Nova' series - the most successful science show on the tube. 'Survivor' and 'X Factor' get twice the ratings.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|Today a woman must ignore her reflection in the eyes of her lover, since he might admire her, and seek it in the gaze of the God of Beauty, in whose perception she is never complete.
Bobbie Kinkead, Rhyonna's Fright, A Faery's Challenge to Save Her Realm|Never, Never give up, no matter what is you age, magick always is there. Use it!
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Inside her, great castles of comprehension, models of the world as she had understood it, shivered. She could not decide whether to let them crumble or to try desperately to save them.
Mayank Kashyap, The Forbidden Line|God is like a lover. Sometimes he gives you so much pain that staying alive seems like a punishment but in the next moment he shows you so much love, affection and care that you forget all your pains. Yes, the wounds can’t be healed completely but god compensates it with other happiness.
Catherine Breillat, Romance|I am eternally, devastatingly romantic, and I thought people would see it because 'romantic' doesn't mean 'sugary.' It's dark and tormented — the furor of passion, the despair of an idealism that you can't attain.
Kyung-Sook Shin, Please Look After Mom|No matter how much time passes, no matter what takes place in the interim, there are some things we can never assign to oblivion, memories we can never rub away.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Here's a funny question:What is your favorite word?Think about it—maybe it's a word that makes you absolutely happy, or a word that sounds gloriously beautiful, or a word that evokes awe and wonder. Maybe you are reminded of a great time when you hear it, or maybe it represents your life's dream.So, what is it? What is your favorite word of all words?Thought about it yet?Good..
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Fire and Ice Legend|The basis of love that most people share is the intimacy they developed with their partners, the intensity of their attraction, or the similarity of their thought patterns.
Larry Crabb, Inside Out: Real Change Is Possible If You're Willing to Start from The...|Change from the inside out involves a steadfast gaze upon our Lord that's life changing because it reflects a deep turning from a commitment to self-sufficiency. Without repentance, a look at Christ provides only the illusion of comfort.
Kasi Kaye Iliopoulos, Living in Light, Love & Truth: You Can Positively Change Your Life by Living in Light, Love, & Truth-Awareness + Reflection + Learning + Application|Learning means bringing forth the physical, emotional, mental and spiritual knowledge, skills and values, that are already within us. Our learning starts as soon as we are born.
Eric Andre|It is funny to me that because I can run, because I'm athletic, people tend to see that as my only asset.
George Monbiot|That's the problem with this whole country. Fucking vast prosperity. No one has any real problems anymore. Ninety percent of the damn politicians in this town either think there's no war on terror, or if we'd just be nice to these zealots they'll leave us alone. Well, that ain't going to fucking happen. The Huns are circling, and we're sitting around arguing about gay rights and prayer and guns and global warming and all kinds of bullshit. These idiots will eventually wake up to the threat, but by then it might be too late. (Stan Hurley)
Paul Johnson|Trying to change someone, and their views, is like throwing paper into a fire.
Auliq Ice|To achieve in life is A hard story, But that shouldn’t scare you.
Mark John Isola|If erotic writing is the objectification of sex, then reading is its subjectification.
Rick Yancey, The Last Star|The experience was like running into someone you hadn't seen since middle school - you recognize them, but what you really notice is the ways they've changed. They don't match your memory of how they should look and for a second you're thrown off, because your memory of them IS them.
Kim Beasley, The Creative Introverted Entrepreneur: Learn To Be SEEN So That You Can SELL Online To Your Target Customers|When I was bartering to gain clients, I was self-sabotaging my business. I wasn’t making money, and the promised “exchange of advertising” wasn’t helping to grow my business.
Sarah Rees Brennan, Team Human|You would more probably have gone to the guillotine,' replied Sir Tristram, depressingly matter of
Harry Truman|Fame is a vapor, popularity is an accident, riches take wings, those who cheer today may curse tomorrow and only one thing endures - character.
Catherine Robinson-Walker, Leading Valiantly in Healthcare: Four Steps to Sustainable Success|Having a Great Ambition is also a Meditation. When our efforts are focussed sincerely, even during sleep, our brains will work on it, in the form of Dreams.
Marc Chagall|Trees were not hard, irritable things, but discreetly orgasmic beings moaning at a level too deep for our brutish ears. And flowers were quick explosive orgasms, like making love in the shower.
Ayman Odeh|The struggle for equality is really a struggle for democracy, and that's why it's a struggle for all the population.
M. Russell Ballard|We need to let our family and our friends know this truth—God is love, “and he inviteth them all to come unto him and partake of his goodness; and he denieth none that come unto him. —2 Nephi 26:33
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Fate isn't a straight road," I said, becoming the oracle that earlier in the day I had declined to be for her. "There are forks in it, many different routes to different ends. We have the free will to choose the path.
Israelmore Ayivor|Your title is what you are; your visions are who you are. When you know who you are, then you will know where you can be useful most.
Agatha Christie, Towards Zero|You are not the happy, unthinking child you have always appeared to be, accepting everything at its face value. You are not just one of the women of the household. You are Renisenb who wants to think for herself, who wonders about other people.
Debasish Mridha|Everyone who keeps a secret, itches to tell it.
Kerrelyn Sparks, How to Marry a Millionaire Vampire|Stay away from her.""Okay.""Keep your hands off her.""I'll try."He scowled at me."I will," I said.
Valeria Luiselli, The Story of My Teeth|He fell into a solemn silence, which he only eventually broke to say, “I think I’ve become a terrible person. In fact, I’ve become a reptile. Do you know that reptiles are stupid because almost their entire brain capacity is used to feel fear?
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Me, Tarzan. You, Jane. I kill bad guy. Beat chest. Tarzan howl.
Anna C. Salter, Predators: Pedophiles, Rapists, And Other Sex Offenders|We live in a world in which women are battered and are unable to flee from the men who beat them, although their door is theoretically standing wide open. One out of every four women becomes a victim of severe violence. One out of every two will be confronted by sexual harassment over her lifetime. These crimes are everywhere and can take place behind any front door in the country, every day, and barely elicit much more than a shrug of the shoulders and superficial dismay.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Happiness is gleaned from a source, which can be attributed to all experiences; it can be found wherever the individual does not mind forfeiting the option, for some sense of control.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|If the wishes came true, they came true in terrible ways. Wishes were dangerous things. That was the idea you got from fairy tales.
Stephen Clarke, A Year in the Merde|I was also sick of my neighbors, as most Parisians are. I now knew every second of the morning routine of the family upstairs. At 7:00 am alarm goes off, boom, Madame gets out of bed, puts on her deep-sea divers’ boots, and stomps across my ceiling to megaphone the kids awake. The kids drop bags of cannonballs onto the floor, then, apparently dragging several sledgehammers each, stampede into the kitchen. They grab their chunks of baguette and go and sit in front of the TV, which is always showing a cartoon about people who do nothing but scream at each other and explode. Every minute, one of the kids cartwheels (while bouncing cannonballs) back into the kitchen for seconds, then returns (bringing with it a family of excitable kangaroos) to the TV. Meanwhile the toilet is flushed, on average, fifty times per drop of urine expelled. Finally, there is a ten-minute period of intensive yelling, and at 8:15 on the dot they all howl and crash their way out of the apartment to school.” (p.137)
Janna Cachola|Don't compete with other girls, complete goals.
Idries Shah|Perception is the lens through which we interpret experiences,and when we change the lens we change how we experience.
Dorothy Parker|Money cannot buy health, but I'd settle for a diamond-studdedwheelchair.
Steve Almond, Candyfreak: A Journey through the Chocolate Underbelly of America|Art arises from loss. I wish this weren't the case. I wish that every time I met a new woman and she rocked my world, I was inspired to write my ass off. But that is not what happens. What happens is we lie around in bed eating chocolate and screwing. Art is what happens when things don't work out, when you're licking your wounds. Art is, to a larger extent than people would like to think, a productive licking of the wounds.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|Listen Anna, if we don’t believe the things we put on our agendas will come true for us, then there’s no hope for us. We’re going to be saved by what we seriously put on our agendas.
Bryce Harper|I have a rule on my team: when we talk to one another, we look each other right in the eye, because I think it's tough to lie to somebody. You give respect to somebody.
R. Buckminster Fuller|We are in an age that assumes the narrowing trends of specialization to be logical, natural, and desirable. Consequently, society expects all earnestly responsible communication to be crisply brief. Advancing science has now discovered that all the known cases of biological extinction have been caused by overspecialization, whose concentration of only selected genes sacrifices general adaptability. Thus the specialist’s brief for pinpointing brevity is dubious. In the meantime, humanity has been deprived of comprehensive understanding. Specialization has bred feelings of isolation, futility, and confusion in individuals. It has also resulted in the individual’s leaving responsibility for thinking and social action to others. Specialization breeds biases that ultimately aggregate as international and ideological discord, which in turn leads to war.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|Failing sucks. But it's better than the alternative.""Which is?""Not even trying." Now he did look at me, straight on. "Life's short, you know?
Jean Ray, The Horrifying Presence and Other Tales|We have to be careful that in throwing out the devil, we don't throw out the best part of ourselves.
Réné Gaudette|Learn to say no, know when to say yes, and use the words ‘I choose.’ It is the key that will open you to limitless manifestation of your beingness.
Meg Cabot, Being Nikki|He once told me, Instead of scoring thirty goals a season, why don't you score twenty-five and help someone else to score fifteen? That way the team's ten goals better off.
Emily Dickinson|And I, could I stand byAnd see you freeze,Without my right of frost, Death's privilege?
John Green, Paper Towns|Inside the building, the sun lights up segments of the rotting wooden floor through the many holes in the roof. As I look for her, I register things: the soggy floorboards. The smell of almonds, like her. An old claw-footed bathtub in a corner. So many holes everywhere that this place is simultaneously inside and outside.
Rachel Hawkins, Spell Bound|Fools that will laugh on earth, most weep in hell.
Ellen Kushner, The Privilege of the Sword|He said, 'They're only whores,' as though their very availability rendered them worthless.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When God gives you a dream, He will grant you the grace to fulfil it.
Katie J. Davis, Kisses from Katie: A Story of Relentless Love and Redemption|One of the questions that surprised me most was this: “Mommy, if Jesus comes to live inside my heart, will I explode?”“No!” I proclaimed as the children and I headed to the Nile River for a few of them to be baptized that day.Then I thought about the question a bit more.“Yes, if Jesus comes to live in your heart, you will explode.” That is exactly what we should do if Jesus comes to live inside our hearts. We will explode with love, with compassion, with hurt for those who are hurting, and with joy for those who rejoice. We will explode with a desire to be more, to be better, to be close to the One who made us.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|It’s a tricky art, working with them in their purest form,” she mused. “Simultaneously simple yet infinitely complex.” It sounded like my relationship with Adrian.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Everyone on earth is afraid of losing his/her life, and only a few are afraid of losing their time.
Hạo Nguyên|There might be nowhere I would be at home. I might always be straddling two worlds, and finding solace in neither.
Olive Ann Burns, Cold Sassy Tree|When Jesus said ast and you’ll get it, He meant things of the spirit, not the flesh. Grandpa said Jesus meant us to ast for hope, forgiveness, and all like that. Ast ‘Hep us not be scared, hep us not be greedy, give us courage to try…Ast any such and God will give it to you. But don’t ast Him not to let fire burn, or say spare me from death.
Chloe Neill, Friday Night Bites|If you are a vampire, then a vampire is not the creature of the legends.
Desmond Tutu|To insult someone we call him 'bestial. For deliberate cruelty and nature, 'human' might be the greater insult.
Shandy L. Kurth|I said that I have finished telling my story, not that the story is finished. I said before that no story is ever really finished, each one is part of a longer story and consists of smaller stories, some of which are told, others passed over in silence. And whenever you tell any one of the stories, whether you intend it or not, you include the shadow of all the others. The result is that once you have told one story, once you have undone the meshes of the net at one point, you are trapped. You are compelled to go on with the story. And because we ourselves, like all life, are stories, we become the story of the stories.
Paul Arden|Too many people spend too much time trying to perfect something before they actually do it. Instead of waiting for perfection, run with what you go, and fix it along the way…
Tommy Wallach, We All Looked Up|All religions, in their pure form, will tell you God is Love. And power, fear, division, judgment, oppression, hatred and self-righteousness are the opposite of Love. So going to war, for example, in the name of religion, is a complete contradiction. No pure religious leader would ever support this.
Mark Batterson, A Trip Around the Sun: Turning Your Everyday Life Into the Adventure of a Lifetime|It was not lack of ability that limited my people, but lack of opportunity.
George Balanchine|Every day brings a chance for you to draw in a breath, kick off your shoes, and dance.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|...his words - the gift of expression, the bewildering, the iluminating, the most exalted and the most contemptible, the pulsating stream of light or the deceitful flow from the heart of an impenetrable darkness.
Helen Quist Milligan|In choosing a mate, don't pick the tallest and most handsome or the most beautiful. Don't choose one just because that person raises your physical passions. Look for the person who is good from within, the one with substance and worth.
