Robert B. Cialdini, Influence: The Psychology of Persuasion|I review my three boyfriends, the three men I slept with in my twenties, searching for a common thread. Nothing. No consistent features, coloring, stature, personality. But one theme does emerge: they all picked me. And then dumped me. I played the passive role. Waiting for Hunter and then settling for Joey. Waiting to feel more for Nate. Then waiting to feel less. Waiting for Alec to go away and leave me in peace. And now Dex. My number four. And I am still waiting. For all of this to blow over. For his September wedding. For someone who gives me that tingly feeling as I watch him sleeping in...
Yves Behar|No design, no matter how common or seemingly insignificant, is without its adamant critics as well as its ardent admirers.
Isa Quintin, LadyKiller|De los extraños que no lo parecen, líbrame Dios. Que de los conocidos me libro yo.
Ali Smith, Autumn|But, of course, memory and responsibility are strangers. They're foreign to each other. Memory always goes its own way quite regardless.
Oscar Wilde, Lady Windermere's Fan|Ideals are dangerous things. Realities are better. They wound, but they're better.
Ally Condie, Reached|Sometimes paper is only paper," my mothers says. "Words are just words. Ways to capture the real thing. Don't be afraid to remember that."I know what she means. Writing, painting, singing--it cannot stop everything. Cannot halt death in its tracks. But perhaps it can make the pause between death's footsteps sound and look and feel beautiful, can make the space of waiting a place where you can linger without as much fear. For we are all walking each other to our deaths, and the journey there between footsteps makes up our lives.
Larry J. Dunlap, Night People, Book 1|Any woman has the power to be truly happy, with or without a man.
John Cheever|The truth, the absolute truth, is that the chief beauty for the theatre consists in fine bodily proportions.
Anton Chekhov, The Lady With the Little Dog and Other Stories, 1896-1904|And only now, when he was gray-haired, had he fallen in love properly, thoroughly, for the first time in his life.
Nell Zink, Mislaid|Lee explained to her that art for art’s sake is an upper-class aesthetic. To create art divorced from any purpose, you can’t be living a life driven by need and desire.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón|In small towns, news travels at the speed of boredom.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|Love is a luxury.""No. Love is an element."An element. Like air to breathe, earth to stand on.
Austin Kleon, Show Your Work!: 10 Ways to Share Your Creativity and Get Discovered|It was easy to make a difference to other people’s lives, so easy to change the little room in which people lived their life.
Kourtney Kardashian|Americans are the most generous country on the planet. I've worked in Europe, I've worked in Australia. There is no where else where you get absolutely no attitude for being a foreigner. If you do your job well, they embrace you.
Debasish Mridha|Meditation is the simplest process through which you can create harmony between the body, mind, spirit, and nature.
Jayson Zabate|Action speaks louder than word but if someone judged you by your tattoos that means they are STUPID not to understand art and missed the meaning of "for art sakes
Mario Batali|Santa is our culture's only mythic figure truly believed in by a large percentage of the population. It's a fact that most of the true believers are under eight years old, and that's a pity.
Julie Kagawa, Winter's Passage|His breath hitched, and he regarded me hungrily. “You’re playing with fire, you know that?” “That’s weird, considering you’re an ice prin—” I didn’t get any further, as Ash leaned in and kissed me.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning|I am savage enough to prefer the woods, the wilds, and the independence of Monticello, to all the brilliant pleasures of this gay capital [Paris].
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Each day, I count 100 times my blessings. What sacred-thanks?
Hilary Thayer Hamann, Anthropology of an American Girl|The desert could not be claimed or owned–it was a piece of cloth carried by winds, never held down by stones, and given a hundred shifting names... Its caravans, those strange rambling feasts and cultures, left nothing behind, not an ember. All of us, even those with European homes and children in the distance, wished to remove the clothing of our countries. It was a place of faith. We disappeared into landscape.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|I also remembered Buddy Willard saying in a sinister, knowing way that after Ihad children I would feel differently, I wouldn't want to write poems any more. So I began to think maybe it was true that when you were married and had children it was like being brainwashed, and afterward you went about numb as a slave in some private, totalitarian state.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|Your body must become familiar with its death - in all its possible forms and degrees - as a self-evident, imminent, and emotionally neutral step on the way towards the goal you have found worthy of your life.
Sam Gamgee The Return of the King Peter Jackson from J R R Tolkien|The girl was alluring. Like wildfire, or a summer storm swept off the Gulf of Oro.
Albert Einstein, Why Socialism?|Machinic desire can seem a little inhuman, as it rips up political cultures, deletes traditions, dissolves subjectivities, and hacks through security apparatuses, tracking a soulless tropism to zero control. This is because what appears to humanity as the history of capitalism is an invasion from the future by an artificial intelligent space that must assemble itself entirely from its enemy's resources.
Osho, Awareness: The Key to Living in Balance|We always live in the tommorow,which never comes and which cannot come; it is impossible. That which comes always is today, and we go on sacrificing today for tommorow,which is nowhere. The mind goes on thinking of the past,which you have destroyed,which you have sacrificed for something that has not come. And then it goes on postponing for further tommorows.
Dinah Maria Mulock Craik, John Halifax, Gentleman|I bring this up because in writing some thoughts about a father, or not having a father, I feel as though I'm writing a book about a troll under a bridge or a dragon. For me, a father was nothing more than a character in a fairy tale. I know fathers are not like dragons because fathers actually exist. I have seen them on television and sliding their arms around their wives in grocery stores, and I have seen them in the malls and in the coffee shops, but these were characters in other people's stories. The sad thing is, as a kid, I wondered why I couldn't have a dragon, but I never wondered why I didn't have a father. (page 20)
Michelle Templet|That's your cruelty, that's what's mean and selfish about you. If you loved your brother, you'd give him a job he didn't deserve, precisely because he didn't deserve it--that would be true love and kindness and brotherhood. Else what's love for? If a man deserves a job, there's no virtue in giving it to him. Virtue is the giving of the undeserved.
George William Russell|I've never gone into business to make money. Every Virgin product and service has been made into a reality to make a positive difference in people's lives. And by focusing on the happiness of our customers, we have been able to build a successful group of companies.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Life was not easy, nor was it happy, but she did not expect life to be easy, and, if it was not happy, that was woman's lot. It was a man's world, and she accepted it as such. The man owned the property, and the woman managed it. The man took credit for the management, and the woman praised his cleverness. The man roared like a bull when a splinter was in his finger, and the woman muffled the moans of childbirth, lest she disturb him. Men were rough of speech and often drunk. Women ignored the lapses of speech and put the drunkards to bed without bitter words. Men were rude and outspoken, women were always kind, gracious and forgiving.
Garth Nix, Lirael|Even now, she wished she could write a note, push it across the table, and go away to her room. But she was no longer a Second Assistant Librarian of the Great Library of the Clayr. Those days were gone, vanished with everything else that had defined her previous existence and identity.
Arthur C. Clarke, 2001: A Space Odyssey|Bowman was aware of some changes in his behavior patterns; it would have been absurd to expect anything else in the circumstances. He could no longer tolerate silence; except when he was sleeping, or talking over the circuit to Earth, he kept the ship's sound system running at almost painful loudness. / At first, needing the companionship of the human voice, he had listened to classical plays--especially the works of Shaw, Ibsen, and Shakespeare--or poetry readings from Discovery's enormous library of recorded sounds. The problems they dealt with, however, seemed so remote, or so easily resolved with a little common sense, that after a while he lost patience with them. / So he switched to opera--usually in Italian or German, so that he was not distracted even by the minimal intellectual content that most operas contained. This phase lasted for two weeks before he realized that the sound of all these superbly trained voices was only exacerbating his loneliness. But what finally ended this cycle was Verdi's Requiem Mass, which he had never heard performed on Earth. The "Dies Irae," roaring with ominous appropriateness through the empty ship, left him completely shattered; and when the trumpets of Doomsday echoed from the heavens, he could endure no more. / Thereafter, he played only instrumental music. He started with the romantic composers, but shed them one by one as their emotional outpourings became too oppressive. Sibelius, Tchaikovsky, Berlioz, lasted a few weeks, Beethoven rather longer. He finally found peace, as so many others had done, in the abstract architecture of Bach, occasionally ornamented with Mozart. / And so Discovery drove on toward Saturn, as often as not pulsating with the cool music of the harpsichord, the frozen thoughts of a brain that had been dust for twice a hundred years.
William Henry Hudson, Far Away and Long Ago|When the religious Cowper confesses in the opening lines of his address to the famous Yardley oak, that the sense of awe and reverence it inspired in him would have made him bow himself down and worship it but for the happy fact that his mind was illumined with the knowledge of the truth, he is but saying what many feel without in most cases recognizing the emotion for what it is—the sense of the supernatural in nature.
Jonathan Edwards, The Sermons of Jonathan Edwards: A Reader|I believe Government should encourage competition, NOT prop up the weak when the going gets tough.
J. Aleksandr Wootton, Her Unwelcome Inheritance|Sooner or later, everybody dreams of other worlds.
Jaimie Roberts, Redemption|My, my, and you accuse the Dardanos of trying to run the world. As you so succinctly put it, you have no desire to be a part of my life, which means you have no say in where I choose to live, sunshine. I, on the other hand, made no such declaration.” “God, I hate you,” Bree seethed. Alessandro smiled and tapped the end of her nose playfully, resisting the urge to tear her thick coat off of her and take her right against the wall. “You keep telling yourself that, love. We both know better.
Ian  McClellan, Zombie Apocalypse 2012: A Political Horror Story|I could not be a zombie. They had no thoughts. Their brains were gruel. They said little beyond "Brrr!" unable, even, to articulate completely what they sought."Brains,"I said distinctly. "And I feel no burning urge to partake of any." Forsooth, the idea sent a wave of nausea through me. Therefore I was not a zombie.
Diane  Adams, Shattered Secrets|He pulled my coat off my shoulders, looked at it with distaste, hung it on the back of one of the chairs pushed in under the kitchen table. "You are beautiful". No one had ever looked me in the eyes and said that. Eric to Sookie, Page 208.
Ross Macdonald, The Chill|We do not want to believe that we cannot control alcohol and that alcohol is, in truth, controlling and dictating our lives. When you free yourself of a dictator, like alcohol, the freedom that you experience is totally amazing and so empowering. You get your life back.
Vivienne Westwood|Trends in fashion, design and pop culture are taking on more global influence, and of course, one thing that's always in style is color.
Cindy Arledge|JOY is in the JOurneY, not the destination.
Gail Carriger, Prudence|The Rakshasa," said Percy pedantically, "are a different breed altogether from our vampires. Much in the same way that poodles and dachshunds are different breeds of dog. Rakshasas are reviled in India. Their position as tax collectors is an attempts by the crown to integrate them in a more progressive and mundane manner."Rue said, "Oh, how logical. Because we all know ordaining someone as a tax collector is the surest way to get them accepted by society.
Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh, When the Shoe Fits: Stories of the Taoist Mystic Chuang Tzu|The world did not appreciate Abraham Lincoln until he died. His great figure has been looming higher each succeeding decade. We understand Jesus better than any other generation..A great man is like a mountain, you cannot appreciate when standing at its base.
Kevin Jorgeson|I got to work with Rachel Dratch, and she just had such a funny, roll-with-it attitude when she would approach the stage and could turn anything into a gem.
Jyoti Arora|No book can be written till it wants to be written, till it shouts to be written, and raises up a persistent din in the writer's head. And then, if you want peace, you just have to pull it out and freeze it in print. Nothing less would do.
Arthur Helps|I am decidedly of the opinion that in very many instances we can trace such a necessary connexion, especially among birds, and often with more complete success than in the case which I have here attempted to explain.
Jenny Downham, You Against Me|I like you," he said.He made it sound as if she was bound to disagree with him. She nodded. His face said he was telling her something very important.He said, "I mean it. Whatever happens, you have to believe that.
Sophie Kinsella|Of all the crap, crap, crappy nights I've ever had in the whole of my crap life. On a scale of one to 10, we're talking...a minus 6. And it's not like I even have very high standards.
Angie karan|Meditation is food for our inner being. We can live without it, but not well. As we deepen our breath and still our body, our thoughts follow into stillness. As we listen to the beating of our heart, and place it in rhythm with our breath, our emotions come alive, like a black-and-white movie suddenly exploding into colour
Love, Life, and Logic|Sorry’ is, indeed, one of the most difficult and most powerful words in the English language, provided one can feel and say it at the same time. It’s difficult because you sincerely need to feel the pain of the other person and rise above your ego to say it; it’s powerful because you overwhelm the other with the opposite reaction of what they were expecting.
Henry Miller|It is with the soul that we grasp the essence of another human being, not with the mind, nor even with the heart.
Dannika Dark, Gravity|The thing with love is, you cannot choose who you fall for. Falling in love often happens at the wrong time, in the wrong place, with the wrong person. Just as much as you cannot stop growing feelings for a certain man, there's no switch to turn off your heart.
Miriam Toews, A Complicated Kindness|He caught my hands as they pulled through my hair, and pulled my body against his, and I felt all the holes in me. My sobs echoed through them like caverns, and I never would have thought empty could be made of such weight.I couldn’t breathe around it.
Diana Gabaldon, Outlander|And I mean to hear ye groan like that again. And to moan and sob, even though you dinna wish to, for ye canna help it. I mean to make you sigh as though your heart would break, and scream with the wanting, and at last to cry out in my arms, and I shall know that I've served ye well.
Virginia Lee|The merging of characteristics between different species creates a very powerful language, one that I love to explore through my art, enabling me to tap into the unconscious.
Richard Bach, Running from Safety: An Adventure of the Spirit|Like attracts like. It'll surprise you as long as you live. Choose a love and work to make it true, and somehow something will happen, something you couldn't plan, will come along to move like to like, to set you loose, to set you on the way to your next brick wall.
Jeffrey Gitomer, Jeffrey Gitomer's 21.5 Unbreakable Laws of Selling: Proven Actions You Must Take to Make Easier, Faster, Bigger Sales.... Now and Forever!|I have the whole team just around the block! One call and they'll ride in here like cavalry! Riding on... robots! Giant robots! Well, not giant robots, like in Egan, but... but... big enough robots!
John J. Geddes|my heart, sometimes singing in the afternoon, the most haunting song of solitude
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, Sister of My Heart|I want to weep too, not for me but for us all--for rich or poor, educated or illiterate, here we are finally reduced to a sameness in this sisterhood of deprivation.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|Her need was as big as the stars, and he was down there on the beach, so quiet she could hardly hear him.
Mark Curtis|Mark my words—you will come some day to a craggy pass in the channel, where the whole of life’s stream will be broken up into whirl and tumult, foam and noise: either you will be dashed to atoms on crag points, or lifted up and borne on by some master-wave into a calmer current—as I am now.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|Let men tremble to win the hand of woman, unless they win along with it the utmost passion of her heart!
Nicole  Williams, Clash|The more he smiled, the more I wanted to hate him, and yet it was the very thing that made hating him impossible.
Colleen Curran|We’re your daughters, mister. We’re your girlfriends, we’re your sisters, we’re your precious baby girls. Goddammit, listen.
Kevin DeYoung|I think when you're happy, emotions are right near the top - mine definitely are. I cry easily, I laugh easily, I lose my temper easily... and I beg for forgiveness easily.
Debasish Mridha|Because of dreams, success is worth pursuing. Because of love, life is worth living.
A.E. Samaan|FUCK "UNITY"!! What a pathetic way of thinking. How arrogant of Progressives to think that my hopes and dreams mirror their hopes and dreams. What an absolute bore.... what an total lack of originality or individuality... I believe in individual liberty. I am an extremist on the topic of individual liberty, precisely because I value original thinking and original accomplishments. Fuck unity of purpose. Fuck collectivism. My life is not your life. I have my own path. Get out of my way.
Ban Ki-moon|Good government only happens when the people working in it do their jobs, and do them well.
Tania Aebi, I've Been Around|Even in Sri Lanka, the worst only happened in my imagination, I'd say, and this is so because we live on a planet where good people outnumber bad.
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|Happiness is absolutely a feeling and a state of well-being, but the key to happiness is understanding that it is created through action.
Elizabeth Berg, The Art of Mending|There are random moments - tossing a salad, coming up the driveway to the house, ironing the seams flat on a quilt square, standing at the kitchen window and looking out at the delphiniums, hearing a burst of laughter from one of my children's rooms - when I feel a wavelike rush of joy. This is my true religion: arbitrary moments of of nearly painful happiness for a life I feel privileged to lead.
Peter David, Sir Apropos of Nothing|I guess it really had been brave . . . because it was so bugger-all stupid, and if there was one thing I'd come to realize, ti was that bravery and bugger-all stupidity went hand in hand.
Michael Moore|Though men are apt to flatter and exalt themselves with their great achievements, yet these are, in truth, very often owing not so much to design as chance.
Shannon L. Alder|There is no real bravery in getting paid to save someone's life. However, there is a large amount of bravery in a nurse break dancing at the hospital's Christmas party.
Chris Rock|I am old now, or at least, I am no longer young, and everything I see reminds me of something else I’ve seen, such that I see nothing for the first time. A bonny girl, her hair fiery red, reminds me only of another hundred such lasses, and their mothers, and what they were as they grew, and what they looked like when they died. It is the curse of age, that all things are reflections of other things.
Robert Greene|Power rarely ends up in the hands of those who start a revolution, or even those who further it; power sticks to those who bring it to a conclusion
Richard PW Tan|Grace and truth are distinct and yet they are not mutually exclusive. But when people focus on one without the other, they usually fall into two extremes. They either embrace a gospel of “grace without truth” or a gospel of “truth without grace”. Grace without truth is not really grace. Truth without grace is not really truth. Grace without truth pampers. Truth without grace hammers. Grace without truth is love without correction. Truth without grace is correction without love. Grace without truth is mercy without justice. Truth without grace is justice without mercy. Grace without truth is soft and spoils people. Truth without grace is harsh and crushes people. Grace without truth is freedom without responsibility. Truth without grace is responsibility without freedom. Either extremes are neither of Christ or the gospel.
Louis C. K.|Come forward as servants of Islam, organise the people economically, socially, educationally and politically and I am sure that you will be a power that will be accepted by everybody.
Fuyumi Soryo, Mars, Volume 08|If a castle gets destroyed, you just build a new one. If you wanted me to I'd build them over and over. Let's build them together.
J. Tonzelli, The End of Summer: Thirteen Tales of Halloween|The tales of pure terror, of course, are completely naturalistic in their content, and must stand or fall by their merit alone. But what about the supernatural stories? Can we, the children of a scientific age, give any credence to these medleys of devils, ghosts, and other psychical invasions? There is only one answer: we can and do. We are dealing with stories, not with scientific dissertations. And if, as stories, they have the ring of truth, we'll believe them, as stories, implicitly.("Introduction")
Bo Bennett|Fame will go by and, so long, I've had you, fame. If it goes by, I've always known it was fickle. So at least it's something I experience, but that's not where I live.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|If you expect nothing, you can never be disappointed.Apart from a few starry-eyed poets or monks living on a mountaintop somewhere, however, we all have expectations. We not only have them, we need them. They fuel our dreams, our hopes, and our lives like some super-caffeinated energy drink.
Akshay Vasu|She has the most bizarre and beautiful soul I had ever seen. Her eyes shined always like a sky full of stars, While a huge storm was destroying everything she had in her heart and ripping her soul apart.
Cecilia Dart-Thornton, The Ill-Made Mute|Eating be eating, b'ain't it, Birdie?''Nay, Uncle Bear: In Caermelor, at the Royal Court, they be so-oh, so much more advanced than anywhere else. 'Tis not done to wipe your fingers on your hair or the tablecloth, or belch, or speak with your mouth full of food, or scratch, or pick your teeth at table. Ye have to use little forks to pick up the food. Ye not allowed to pour wine for your betters or for yourself, but to wait for them to deign to pour it for ye, if they be feeling generous. And the carving of the meats must be done a certain way, and as for the toasts-it would take ye a whole day just to learn the complications.'Takes the fun out of eating,' observed Sianadh.
Melissa Bank|You can feel like he wants to own you,-not like an object but like a good dream he wants to keep having.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|Either I shall find it, or I shall not find it. I examine my note-case. I look in all my pockets. These are the things that forever interrupt the process upon which I am eternally engaged of finding some perfect phrase that fits this moment exactly.
Milan Kundera, Laughable Loves|Tell me, where in life is there a value that would make us consider suicide uncalled for on principle! Love? Or friendship? I guarantee that friendship is not a bit less fickle than love and it is impossible to build anything on it. Self-love? I wish it were possible.
Zoe Kravitz|When I remember my mother, it makes me really sad. But, when I remember my father, it makes me smile.
Joss Stirling, Seeking Crystal|Yves. You are goint to love him all over again when you meet him, believe me. You're married.' 'I'm what? But I can't be more than eighteen!' 'My son is very persuasive,' said Saul proudly.
Dean Ornish|I love all my fam. I have quite possibly the best dad, mom, and sister in the world.
Janis Karpinski|Well, our position, and our chairman has talked about this extensively, is that we had a lot of intelligence prior to 9/11. We knew that two al Qaeda operatives who ultimately participated in the 9/11 disaster were in the United States. We didn't find them.
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|How are we going to get out of here?""Oh, escape is easy once you have the right 
Giovanna Fletcher, You're the One That I Want|What's the matter?" asked the teacher, seeing her bewildered fact."Why—why," said Elizabeth Ann, "I don't know what I am at all. If I'm second-grade arithmetic and seventh-grade reading and third-grade spelling, what grade am I?"The teacher laughed at the turn of her phrase. "you aren't any grade at all, no matter where you are in school. You're just yourself, aren't you? What difference does it make what grade you're in! And what's the use of your reading little baby things too easy for you just because you don't know your multiplication table?
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|I love to see the bud bursting into maturity; I love to mark the deepening tints with which the beams of heaven paint the expanded flower; nay, with a melancholy sort of pleasure, I love to watch that progress towards decay, so endearingly bespeaking a fellowship in man's transient glory
C. JoyBell C.|We cannot turn away,” Miss Woolf told her, “we must get on with our job and we must bear witness.” What did that mean, Ursula wondered. “It means,” Miss Woolf said, “that we must remember these people when we are safely in the futu
Buzz Aldrin|The world has changed - through technology, through wine-making techniques, the quality of wine is greater than it's ever been. Whereas ten, fifteen years ago it was very easy to find lots of bad wine, it's kind of hard now. The technology, the science - it's like, are you kidding? We're in the golden years of wine!
Paolo Bacigalupi, The Water Knife|Because sometimes in life, sweetheart. The bad guys win-Ford 'Blame It on the Pain
Debasish Mridha|Without love, life is empty and has no beauty.
Christopher Moore|Canada is a myth people made up to entertain children, like the Tooth Fairy. There’s no such place.
Fela Durotoye|As a nation, we will only become the shining light to the world with the emergence of more and more role models worthy of emulation by all
Karl Marx|In a higher phase of communist society... only then can the narrow horizon of bourgeois right be fully left behind and society inscribe on its banners: from each according to his ability, to each according to his needs.
Daisy Goodwin, The American Heiress|... anyone can acquire wealth, the real art is giving it away.
Gary Vaynerchuk|We're not co-sleeping. I'm all for what people want to do in their home, but I need my bed. I'm a terrible sleeper... I toss and turn and flip, and it would just be a disaster if there were a baby there. And I think it's important for a kid to have their own space.
Philip K. Dick, Sales Pitch|I swear to Vishnu, if this doesn’t work, I’m going to stab you in the throat with a Pipette.
Ally Carter, Out of Sight, Out of Time|Waiting. Like it or not, it's a skill all spies have to master eventually.
Kade Boehme, Trouble & the Wallflower|A loner by nature and an introvert... i am a twinkling star, burning bright amidst a cloudless night. As such, i tend to fade in and out of people's lives. This aspect of me is often misunderstood as rejection or a lack of love and caring. In reality, the only way i can survive as an introvert, is to drop from the sky, from time-to-time, recharging within the energizing landscape of my inner-universe. To love me, is to let me me have the space i need to illuminate the sky. I can't be taken hostage or held captive. Inner-light is what gives my star its twinkle.
Nabil TOUSSI|i see no difference between "past" and "paste", both of them still stuck on my mind.
Malcolm Gladwell|My father was this famous heart surgeon, a wonderful man... but there was something about me that drove him crazy.
Luke Evans|My mom has always been my champion. She was very smart and grounded. She said, 'Save your money. Pay your taxes. Don't put everything in one basket,' but she let me explore and be creative.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I just like the idea of looking back at my life and feeling like I made different choices than everyone else, you know? Most people are inherently boring if you really dig deep. They don't want much, they don't veer from their chosen path, and they're generally scared of change. I don't know, at least that's how my grandfather tells it. I don't want to be like fifty and realize that I was one of those people who didn't bother to think outside the box.
Jonathan Swift|I read all the time that people think I'm arrogant. They say I am cocky, a bad character. I had that from a young age. But when they meet me, they say, 'That image doesn't fit you.'
Page  Turner, Poly Land: My Brutally Honest Adventures in Polyamory|I was terrified of opening my marriage to outside influence. Because it was the center of my life and meant more than anything. But as I thought through my fears, I realized something: Testing that bond was a win-win scenario.Best case, we would weather the challenges, and I would have a wealth of experiences and emotional bonds with others that could complement my life.Worst case, I was wrong about the strength of what we I had together, and it would tear us apart.But if what we had were that easily ruined, was it really all that great in the first place? And wouldn’t I want to know now, 4 years into the marriage, rather than another 20 or 30 years down the road?
Brad D. Smith|Our technological powers increase, but the side effects and potential hazards also escalate.
Graham Greene, Brighton Rock|You cannot conceive, nor can I, of the appalling strangeness of the mercy of God.
George Carlin|Forget the politicians. The politicians are put there to give you the idea you have freedom of choice. You don't. You have no choice. You have owners. They own you. They own everything. They own all the important land, they own and control the corporations that've long since bought and paid for, the senate, the congress, the state houses, the city halls, they got the judges in their back pocket, and they own all the big media companies so they control just about all of the news and the information you get to hear. They got you by the balls. They spend billions of dollars every year lobbying to get what they want. Well, we know what they want. They want more for themselves and less for everybody else. But I'll tell you what they don't want. They don't want a population of citizens capable of critical thinking. They don't want well informed, well educated people capable of critical thinking. They're not interested in that. That doesn't help them.
Sarah Hall|First and foremost, I'm a decorator and product designer. Everything I do, the television shows, the books, that comes from the design work. It's what I love.
Jorge Luis Borges|I feel often that we don't have the right language to talk about emotions in disasters. Everyone is on edge, of course, but it also pulls people away from a lot of trivial anxieties and past and future concerns and gratuitous preoccupations that we have, and refocuses us in a very intense way.
Françoise Sagan|Whisky, gambling and Ferraris are better than housework.
Brian Herbert, Dreamer of Dune: The Biography of Frank Herbert|Written words, if carefully laid down, represent the civilized ideal of reason.
Ian Somerhalder|We are the environment. The world is literally one biological process. The trees are our lungs. Look at the Amazon River system next to a human cardiovascular system, look at corals or trees and look at our lungs, you literally cannot tell the difference. They’re the same. So when we destroy our environment, we’re effectively destroying ourselves.
Suzan Battah, Mad About the Boy|The scent of him was subtle, beautifully fresh, and she couldn’t think clearly. No man had ever brought out these intense feelings in her. Chris Augustine was dangerous and she could get lost in his arms.
Seneca, On the Shortness of Life|Oh, what darkness does great prosperity cast over our minds!
C.J. Brightley, The Lord of Dreams|I want to love like my grandmother, who loved a woman like Joseph loved Mary. Someone so imperfect, so human, brave enough to love someone who already knows God.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|To alter the universe, alter your thoughts, because the only universe you will ever know is in your mind.
James Knowles III|I had a trainer during 'Spiderman,' and I discovered I have deep-seated rage when I'm holding heavy weights over my head. Whatever dormant anger I have in me, that's where it comes out. That's not the kind of working out I want to do.
Thomas Hughes, Tom Brown's Schooldays|I think you'll be a great teacher," said Gary. That's his role in my life: blind encourager and ambassador of false senses of security.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Our friendship has survived betrayals and our ambitions. Even death is afraid to come between us. Welcome back to my life." ~ Fidelis O Mkparu, author of 'Love's Affliction' ‪#‎authors‬, ‪#‎friendship‬
Stephanie Burgis, Kat, Incorrigible|From the window, I watch the city and the freeway. In the distance, the sky-rises look like mystic spires, unbearably close and far. I want to pick them up and eat them. I want to scream out loud sometimes, but I never do.
Amor Towles|Ever since [that day], a small uncertainty had buzzed between us.It was a sense of chemistry that had been a little elusive, a little imprecise, until now.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|The faster you search for a new partner, the faster you will get over your break-up blues…. Love is nothing more than an illusion.
Charlene Carr, Skinny Me|What mattered was that the room over the junk-shop should exist. To know that it was there, inviolate, was almost the same as being in it. The room was a world, a pocket of the past where extinct animals could walk.
David Blunkett|Whenever I write a story, I hope it appeals to both boys and girls.
Albert Camus|I've learned through my own relationship with God that He's not expecting me to be perfect; He wants me to do my best to be in His will and take steps of faith as He leads me, through His Word and the promptings He speaks to my heart.
Karen A. Baquiran|When we have no choice of what is to come, we must find the strength to have trust in what lies ahead. SURRENDER.
Matt Haig|Individuals will achieve healthier lifestyles when prevention and wellness programs are accessible and available in their workplace, through their health provider, and in their communities.
Ann Patchett, Bel Canto|He was in love, and never had he felt such kindness towards another person.
Adam Phillips, Missing Out: In Praise of the Unlived Life|However much you have been wanting and hoping and dreaming of meeting the person of your dreams, it is only when you meet them that you will start missing them. It seems that the presence of an object is required to make its absence felt (or to make the absence of something felt). A kind of longing may have preceded their arrival, but you have to meet in order to feel the full force of your frustration in their absence.
Mark Sheppard|The point is, when you have a chance to have a big adventure, especially if, like in your case, it doesn't hurt anyone, it's just plain foolish not to take it.
Ray Kurzweil|Personally, I rather look forward to a computer program winning the world chess championship. Humanity needs a lesson in humility.
Fuyumi Soryo|Make sure you live,' she said. 'As decent as you can. I know you'll make mistakes, but sometimes you're meant to, okay?
Mehmet Murat ildan|Echoes can’t read minds. But when you get to know someone very well, you can read their expressions. Pay attention. It will happen to you too.
Sheldon S. Wolin|democracy is about the conditions that make it possible for ordinary people to better their lives by becoming political beings and by making power responsive to their hopes and needs. What is at stake in democratic politics is whether ordinary men and women can recognize that their concerns are best protected and cultivated under a regime whose actions are governed by principles of commonality, equality, and fairness, a regime in which taking part in politics becomes a way of staking out and sharing in a common life and its forms of self-fulfillment. Democracy is not about bowling together but about managing together those powers that immediately and significantly affect the lives and circumstances of others and one’s self.
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|Mine was a patchwork God, sewn together from bits of rag and ribbon, Eastern and Western, pagan and Hebrew, everything but the kitchen sink and Jesus.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|When you become an actively engaged listener, you will develop the mindful awareness that active listening involves multiple layers and distinct levels.
Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|Once bitten, twice alert.. Don't shy away.
John Steinbeck, Of Mice and Men|Forty-two years after Dr. King was murdered, we are still a nation of inequality. People of color, women, gays, lesbians, and others are still treated as second-class citizens. Yes, things have changed but we have still not achieved equality among all humans. And nonhuman animals continue to be chattel property without any inherent value.
Charles M. Schulz, Charles M. Schulz: Conversations|The city takes a breath on Sunday. Of all that’s lost with the pursuit of what’s next, I hope we don’t lose that…
Robert Clark|When asked why I don't believe in God I reply, quite simply, "vaginas".
Tyne O'Connell, Pulling Princes|Writing is a defence against boredom, but it's also a cure for melancholy.
Maria Rodale, Organic Manifesto: How Organic Farming Can Heal Our Planet, Feed the World, and Keep Us Safe|A study at Cornell University found that low-level noise both lowered job motivation and increased stress levels. It appears as well that an open-office type of environment can contribute to musculoskeletal problems such as a stiff back or tense neck and even heart disease due to increased levels of epinephrine, a stress hormone.
Michael Chabon, Werewolves in Their Youth|Although sex was something they both regarded as perilous, marriage had, by contrast, seemed safe– a safe house in a world of danger; the ultimate haven of two solitary, fearful souls. When you were single, this was what everyone who was already married was always telling you. Daniel himself had said it to his unmarried friends. It was, however, a lie. Sex had everything to do with violence, that was true, and marriage was at once a container for the madness between men and women and a fragile hedge against it, as religion was to death, and the laws of physics to the immense quantity of utter emptiness of which the universe was made. But there was nothing at all safe about marriage. It was a doubtful enterprise, a voyage in an untested craft, across a hostile ocean, with a map that was a forgery and with no particular destination but the grave.
Chris Mentillo|Have you noticed how prejudice still exists today? For instance, now they challenge famous people for their past achievements: People like Christopher Columbus and now even Vince Lombardi. Nothing surprises me. I never grew-up with prejudices against anyone. I don't care what color you are or where you came from. This sort of stuff to me never made sense. You see I grew up in an "educated family." Education teaches you not to be so ignorant.
Seanan McGuire, Ashes of Honor|To live, a man needs food, water, and a sharp mind.
Virchand Gandhi|And religion causes most of the problems, war, and economics of course, and study your history or you're going to repeat it; and if you're burning a Harry Potter book you need some serious counseling, you don't get it, you're missing the whole point.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If people in the position of power are not made to be accountable, then, ungodliness, injustice and oppression will continue to be the order of the day in the society.
Ashwin Sanghi|Combine two words, Myth and History. What do you get? Mystery.
Joel Fuhrman|The human diet, for millions of years, did not contain any added salt - only the sodium present in natural foods, adding up to only about 1000 mg sodium per day.
Ciara Bravo|Every year there's five cop shows, five medical shows and five 'Law & Orders,' but when it's a show about women, they want to pit everyone against each other. I don't think they'd do that if it was a guy show. I think there's room for all of us.
Levon Peter Poe|Hard work guarantees you nothing, but without it you don't stand a chance
J.D. Salinger|...story is a powerful stimulant with tremendous influence over how we think and act. Like meth, only safer.
Sammy Toora Powerlifter|The voices in my head does not likes attitude of some people. I know how to defend myself, but I do not want to hurt their feelings for ease my pain.
Henry Rollins|The tragedy of life is often not in our failure, but rather in our complacency; not in our doing too much, but rather in our doing too little; not in our living above our ability, but rather in our living below our capacities.
Voltaire|Politicians use religion, and they get their troops riled up with religion.
F.K. Preston|You can't stumble into an adventure. An artist must dance, not walk, in order to inspire their audience. This patient audience who has witnessed all that you've ever performed. So don't be shy. Just dance. Set this scene into motion.
Nathan Phelps|ab Americo Inventore ...quasi Americi terram sive AmericamFrom Amerigo the discoverer ...as if it were the land of Americus, thus America.
Laura Thalassa, The Unearthly|Have you ever loved someone so much, you felt like your heart was going to just beat right out of your chest?
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|Your visions will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
Jerry Hall|People don't really understand, but having people stare, and point, and take pictures, even if it is in a positive framework, is quite isolating; there's no two ways about it. You feel a little bit, you know, freakish.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Your windows are closed, your doors are closed! Open your windows, open your doors! Let the air and sunshine enter inside, let the ideas flow into you, let the thoughts flock into your mind! Take, so that you can give!
Terry Pratchett, I Shall Wear Midnight|To live without love for others is to live in aridity, to be self-serving and fruitless. To live without understanding is to live without sense or purpose. To live without awareness is to live as the deaf, blind and dumb in a world of vibrant light and sound.
Sigmund Freud|Men are not gentle creatures who want to be loved, and who at the most can defend themselves if they are attacked; they are, on the contrary, creatures among whose instinctual endowments is to be reckoned a powerful share of aggressiveness. As a result, their neighbor is for them not only a potential helper or sexual object, but also someone who tempts them to satisfy their aggressiveness on him, to exploit his capacity for work without compensation, to use him sexually without his consent, to seize his possessions, to humiliate him, to cause him pain, to torture and to kill him. Homo homini lupus [Man is a wolf to man]. Who, in the face of all his experience of life and of history, will have the courage to dispute this assertion?
Friedrich A. Hayek, The Road to Serfdom|Once you realize that trickle-down economics does not work, you will see the excessive tax cuts for the rich as what they are -- a simple upward redistribution of income, rather than a way to make all of us richer, as we were told.
Kourtney Kardashian|Becoming a father, I think it inevitably changes your perspective of life. I don't get nearly enough sleep. And the simplest things in life are completely satisfying. I find you don't have to do as much, like you don't go on as many outings.
David Pilling, Leader of Battles (V): Medraut|On days such as this, Death’s long shadow hung like a broken halo over everyone—a sign of things to come.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, Islanders And, The Fisher Of Men|Accentuated plainness and accentuated vice ought to bring about harmony. Beauty lies in harmony, in style, whether it be the harmony of ugliness or beauty, vice or virtue.
Ibi Kaslik, The Angel Riots|Even though we've devoted our lives to music, we both know that the most important things happen without a soundtrack.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|No person, collection of people, institution, government or organization of any kind can in any way promise to meet all of my needs for no person, collection of people, institution, government or organization possesses the array of resources necessary to do that. And so, I am left with the reality that either there is a God who can meet all of my needs, or I’ve been stranded in an existence that created me with needs that the existence itself cannot meet.
Michael Pollan, In Defense of Food: An Eater's Manifesto|If man be sensible and one fine morning, while he is lying in bed,counts at the tips of his fingers how many things in this life truly willgive him enjoyment, invariably he will find food is the first one.
Nikki Rowe|Don't Wait on Someone to Love You, Love Yourself...Embrace your Worth
Taylor Swift|At Christmas, I am always struck by how the spirit of togetherness lies also at the heart of the Christmas story. A young mother and a dutiful father with their baby were joined by poor shepherds and visitors from afar. They came with their gifts to worship the Christ child.
Walter Savage Landor|No truer word, save God's, was ever spoken,Than that the largest heart is soonest broken.
Kathy Griffin, Official Book Club Selection: A Memoir According to Kathy Griffin|Don't kid yourself by saying that one time can't make you addicted. It can. I believed it couldn't too when I first tried meth. I was so, so wrong. The worst part about it is that you won't realize what has happened immediately afterwards. Addiction is a gradual process and it doesn't happen overnight. But trust me when I tell you that one time is all that it takes to set this into motion. It can and it will.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|There is something great in whatever you look at. Many people look but few people see;to leave a distinctive footprint, do not just look but see for seeing will make you different
Lailah Gifty Akita|To submit, to surrender, to seek, that is all there is.
Michael Neill|I was now well prepared to be a career criminal. I had the proper training and a natural feel for the business. I had a respect for the old-liners like Angelo and Don Frederico. I had been a witness to both murder and betrayal and had my appetite whetted for acts of revenge.I just didn't have the stomach for any of it.I didn't want my life to be a lonely and sinister on, where even the closest of friends could overnight turn into an enemy who needed to be eliminated. If I went the way Angelo had paved, I would earn millions, but would never be allowed to taste the happiness and enjoyment such wealth often brings. I would rule over a dark world, a place where treachery and deceit would be at my side and never know the simple pleasures of an ordinary life. p368. 
Agatha Christie, The Thirteen Problems|We're walking contradictions, seeking safety and predictability on one hand and thriving on diversity on the other.
Lora Leigh, Deadly Sins|They kiss.The kiss that will change everything. Elliot will never have been happier than with this girl, funny, down to earth and bohemian, who dreamed of remaking the world as she ate her pizza.And Ilena will never have felt more beautiful than through the gaze of this mysterious and appealing boy that fate had thrown in her path in such a strange way.
Stephen King|Start with a blank surface. It doesn't have to be paper or canvas, but I feel it should be white. We call it white because we need a word, but its true name is nothing. Black is the absence of light, but white is the absence of memory, the color of can't remember.
Salvador Dali|Everyone knows we get paid a lot of money, so why pretend otherwise?
Lance Parkin, Time, Unincorporated 1: The Doctor Who Fanzine Archives: Lance Parkin|its badness is so potent that it seems to undermine the very idea of literature, to expose the whole endeavour of making art out of language as essentially and irredeemably fraudulent
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|He gave himself fully to the penitent life, fasting, praying, confessing his wickedness and execrating himself in public. He became a better man in the small matters of his days, an even better, wiser king in the great matters of state.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|A man wants to earn money in order to be happy, and his whole effort and the best of a life are devoted to the earning of that money. Happiness is forgotten; the means are taken for the end.
Marcia Sirota|each hour is a room of shame, and I amswimming, swimming, holding my head up,smiling, joking, ashamed, ashamed,like being naked with the clothed, or beinga child, having to try to behavewhile hating the terms of your life.
Émile Zola, Une Page d'amour|When a man's partner is killed he's supposed to do something about it. It doesn't make any difference what you thought of him. He was your partner and you're supposed to do something about it. Then it happens we were in the detective business. Well, when one of your organization gets killed it's bad business to let the killer get away with it. It's bad all around-bad for that one organization, bad for every detective everywhere. Sam Spade
Saim .A. Cheeda|It is a blessing to experience hardship. Not because we suffer, but because we learn to endure.
Debasish Mridha|A mind is not a barren field, but it is an ever-growing and ever blooming garden of love.
Norman Vincent Peale|I think it's my adventure, my trip, my journey, and I guess my attitude is, let the chips fall where they may.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Self-hatred is self-imprisonment. Self-forgiveness is self-liberation. You have the right to suppress yourself, oppress yourself and depress yourself. You have the right to impress yourself too. Feel happy!
Ken Poirot, Mentor Me: GA=T+E—A Formula to Fulfill Your Greatest Achievement|Men most often know what they want, yet they are not always sure how they feel. Women most often know how they feel, yet they may not always know what they want.
Herbert Croly|To the European immigrant - that is, to the aliens who have been converted into Americans by the advantages of American life - the Promise of America has consisted largely in the opportunity which it offered of economic independence and prosperity.
Elizabeth George, Breaking the Worry Habit...Forever!: God's Plan for Lasting Peace of Mind|Trust holds fast, standing firm until deliverance arrives or a solution is found.
Anthon St. Maarten|Never surrender your hopes and dreams to the fateful limitations others have placed on their own lives. The vision of your true destiny does not reside within the blinkered outlook of the naysayers and the doom prophets. Judge not by their words, but accept advice based on the evidence of actual results. Do not be surprised should you find a complete absence of anything mystical or miraculous in the manifested reality of those who are so eager to advise you. Friends and family who suffer the lack of abundance, joy, love, fulfillment and prosperity in their own lives really have no business imposing their self-limiting beliefs on your reality experience.
Ellen DeGeneres|My family is pretty funny. My mother is British, so she's got a very dry sense of humor. That's where I got that from.
Anushka Sharma|I think I created my particular stage persona out of my dad's life, and perhaps I even built it to suit him to some degree.
May Sarton, Selected Poems|No matter how many good deeds we preform, they aren’t the ticket to earning God’s favor. God graces us in spite of what we do in this life, not because of.
John Geiger|It doesn’t matter if you work at a fast food joint or if you are the CEO of a Fortune 500 company. Your job title does not define your purpose. The size of your paycheck does not make you worthy. What makes you valuable is your contribution to the world and the legacy that you leave behind. Stop defining yourself by what you do, and start defining yourself by who you are!
Danielle Ofri, What Doctors Feel: How Emotions Affect the Practice of Medicine|How the sadness is handled by the physician has a powerful impact on the medical care received by the patients. If the grief is relentlessly suppressed--as in Eva's experience during residency--the result can be a numb physician who is unable to invest in a new patient. This lack of investment can lead to rote medical care--impersonal at best, shoddy at worst. At the other end of the spectrum is the doctor who is inundated with grief and can't function because of the overwhelming sorrow. Burnout is significant in both these cases, and that erodes the quality of medical care.
Captain Hank Bracker, "Seawater Two...."|In 1821, the United States government sent Dr. Eli Ayres to West Africa to buy, on what was known as the “Pepper Coast,” land that could be used as a colony for relocated slaves from America. He sailed to the location on the Mesurado River aboard the naval schooner USS Alligator, commanded by Lieutenant Robert Stockton. When they arrived, Stockton forced the sale of some land at gunpoint, from a local tribal chief named King Peter. Soon after this sale was consummated, returned slaves and their stores were landed as colonists on Providence and Bushrod Islands in the Montserado River. However, once the USS Alligator left the new colonists, they were confronted by King Peter and his tribe. It took some doing but on April 25, 1822 this group moved off the low lying, mosquito infested islands and took possession of the highlands behind Cape Montserado, thereby founding present day Monrovia. Named after U.S. President James Monroe, it became the second permanent African American settlement in Africa after Freetown, Sierra Leone.Thus the colony had its beginnings, but not without continuing problems with the local inhabitants who felt that they had been cheated in the forced property transaction. With the onset of the rainy season, disease, shortage of supplies and ongoing hostilities, caused the venture to almost fail. As these problems increased, Dr. Ayres wanted to retreat to Sierra Leone again, but Elijah Johnson an African American, who was one of the first colonial agents of the American Colonization Society, declared that he was there to stay and would never leave his new home. Dr. Eli Ayres however decided that enough was enough and left to return to the United States, leaving Elijah and the remaining settlers behind. The colony was nearly lost if it was not for the arrival of another ship, the U.S. Strong carrying the Reverent Jehudi Ashmun and thirty-seven additional emigrants, along with much needed stores. It didn’t take long before the settlement was identified as a “Little America” on the western coast of Africa. Later even the flag was fashioned after the American flag by seven women; Susannah Lewis, Matilda Newport, Rachel Johnson, Mary Hunter, J.B. Russwurm, Conilette Teage, and Sara Dripper. On August 24, 1847 the flag was flown for the first time and that date officially became known as “Flag Day.” With that a new nation was born!
Chris Söderström|You know what turns dirt into diamonds?""Pressure. Weight. Heat...""The geological equivalent of torture.
Shannon L. Alder|They say faith is taking the first step when you can’t see the whole staircase. Actually, wisdom is seeing the elevator behind it that would have taken you to the top floor.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Missing someone is the reverberating echo of everything beautiful about her—her laugh, her song, her touch, her smell, the power of her words, and the constant shadow that lingers on as her perfect image in your memory.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|In the 4th Wave, you can't trust that people are still people. But you can trust that your gun is still your gun.
Pema Chödrön, The Pocket Pema Chodron|The Buddha’s criteria for Wise Speech include—in addition to the obvious expectation that speech be truthful— that it be timely, gentle, motivated by kindness, and helpful.
Mary-Louise Parker, Dear Mr. You|All, I find is Google. ‪#‎iampm‬
Philip Chard|Higher states of consciousness correlate strongly with attributes like compassion, forgiveness, generosity and kindness. The more one is self-aware and other-aware, and the greater one's connection with the spiritual, the more likely one will be a force for good in our world.
Confucius, Gespräche|Wenn man noch nicht den Menschen dienen kann, wie sollte man den Geistern dienen können?
Bob Proctor|The report card just told me, my teacher, my parents maybe 3 weeks before when they gave me a test HE HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH MY POTENTIAL.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|So this is it," said Arthur, "We are going to die.""Yes," said Ford, "except... no! Wait a minute!" He suddenly lunged across the chamber at something behind Arthur's line of vision. "What's this switch?" he cried."What? Where?" cried Arthur, twisting round."No, I was only fooling," said Ford, "we are going to die after all.
Justin Lee, Torn: Rescuing the Gospel from the Gays-vs.-Christians Debate|Today's young people have gay friends whom they love. If they view the church as an unsafe for them, a place more focused on politics than on people, we just might be raising the most anti-Christian generation America has ever seen, a generation that believes they have to choose between loving and being Christian.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Cancer, he’d said near the end, is the great equalizer. It doesn’t care who you are or what kind of salary you make. It doesn’t give one damn if you are a good person or a bad one. It is the ultimate villain because it’s not capable of mercy. It only knows how to destroy and that’s exactly what it does. Destroys everything.
Marion Zimmer Bradley, Lady of Avalon|Magic is a matter of focusing the disciplined will. But sometimes the will must be abandoned. The secret lies in knowing when to exercise control, and when to let go.
Eliezer Yudkowsky, Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality|Exercise power by means of kindness, and you may be causing more damage than you could by cruelty. Neither approach is correct.
Whitney Barbetti, Ten Below Zero|I was naked under his gaze. Skin was just that: skin. But to see your soul stripped, laid bare for the eyes of someone you barely knew-that was terrifying.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I Guess there is a Limited Gap in this Republic of Bananas due to the DeKay N Y is Le Vice such an alarming Exchange when you Express your Benetton? Ask Tommy, he’ll figure!
Leigh Bardugo, Shadow and Bone|They are orphans again, with no true home but each other and whatever life they can make together on the other side of the sea.
Paullina Simons, The Summer Garden|When I looked into her eyes, I saw an invisible spirit of something that I already loved.
Elizabeth Morgan, Cranberry Blood|We’ll be all right. Somehow, we will. Trust it is the truth.
Roger Zelazny, Lord of Light|Once a Buddha, always a Buddha, Sam. Dust off some of your old parables. You have about fifteen minutes.' Sam held out his hand. "Give me some tobacco and a paper.
Laurie Colwin|I can get whatever I want to eat and when you, you know, you forget to eat you sometimes pick up fast food.
Carl Begai, GRIM - My Way To Hell|If you want to mimic spoons in a drawer, I promise I won't think anythin' of it."	She realized that curling the same way they'd fit much better. She sighed. "Okay, but I get to be the big spoon. I don't want to accidentally bump into your..."	"Knife?" he supplied.
Martha Heller, Be the Business: CIOs in the New Eras of IT|But moving from enabling the business to being the business is challenging work. It means changing governance models, organizational structures, delivery methodologies and hiring practices. It means transforming IT people from technologists to strategists, from constructing hard lines around IT to creating an environment devoid of organizational boundaries, and from clamping down on employees attempts to develop their own technology to embracing end-user innovation. It also means driving change in the most difficult of all arenas: the mindset, the psyche, the most deeply held ways that we understand our jobs, our success, and our professional identity.
Dante Alighieri, Inferno|They also held that the way to salvation was to give way to lust and temptation in all things. And no greater percentage of them turned up here than of any other religion. Amusing, isn't it?
Alyssa Mastromonaco|Larry (Summers - director of the National Economic Council) taught me two very important lessons. The first: Never judge a book by its cover (or the articles written about it). The second: Always make time to help a gal out. Kindness - you can call it generosity, or goodwill - really means something.
Michelle Cuevas, Confessions of an Imaginary Friend|I wanted to tell him not to cry anymore, tell him that what those boys did to that bird didn’t matter. But I knew it did matter. It mattered to Dante. And, anyway, it didn’t do any good to tell him not to cry because he needed to cry. That’s the way he was.
Niki Burnham, Sticky Fingers|I hate when counselors and teachers blame everything on low self-esteem in teens. Some of us actually have self-esteem, believe it or not. And when we make mistakes, it's not because of a defect in our psyche. We screw up just because.
Chase Brooks|Needy people are like newborns, I have come to realize. One intoxicated night and BAM! You are stuck with this problem. You finally take it home and it wants to keep you up all night and cries when it isn’t sucking on various parts of your anatomy. It wants you there for everything – rocking, feeding, burping, changing... It’s ridiculous. If I wanted a kid I would have one. Until then, grow the hell up and stand on your own two feet, you little crazy.
David Whyte|Whether it's a relationship or what you're wearing, or how much you weigh and what you said when you didn't mean it, like - it's hard to be totally under the microscope.
Sunday Adelaja|Anytime you testify you have some amount of increase or the other, God does not want you to get satisfied
Henry T. Blackaby, Spiritual Leadership: Moving People on to God's Agenda|God, you don't just barge in on my father, and definitely not my mother."No way. You check with their personal secretaries first. Check out their moods. Then you make an appointment to slip in. There are basic things you learn when your parents run a planet.
Elisabeth Egan|My Dad is everywhere and he is nowhere. My world tilts on a different axis, orbiting the sun of my own family- but still, I feel his warmth.
Kitty Carlisle|I grew up watching movies and television, and one day when I was really young I told my mom I wanted to become an actor, and she was really supportive and got me involved in local theater and commercials. From there I moved up to auditioning for movies and television.
Trish Kaye Lleone, Finding Anna: A Memoir: The True Story of Child Sexual Abuse|I am passionate about the things that I believe in like equality, free will, justice and love.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Simply put, That Which Is - what most of us call God - is not a physical person nor a this or that spirit etc. Is the Quintessence of All That Is.
Charles P. Enz, Pauli Lectures on Physics: Volume 1, Electrodynamics|Physicists love this number not just because it is dimensionless, but also because it is a combination of three fundamental constants of nature. Why do these constants come together to make the particular number 1/137.036 and not some other number?
S.L. Scott, Naturally, Charlie|I didn't want him to be the one I avoided because he'd hurt me. If I was just his friend, then I would still be blessed. If that meant swallowing my pride and being his shoulder when he got hurt, or being the one he ranted at when he was angry; I was prepared to do it and to do it with dignity.
Paul Laurence Dunbar|Then she smiles, like it'sthe first time she's seen sunafter a decade of winters.
John Paul DeJoria|On this National Agriculture Day, when we all should be taking time to thank and pay tribute to America's farmers, ranchers and their families who produce the food for our tables, we are finding those same people in dire need of our help and support.
J.P. Donleavy, The Lady Who Liked Clean Restrooms: The Chronicle Of One Of The Strangest Stories Ever To Be Rumoured About Around New York|She thought too that women didn't know what to do with themselves these days which could turn them into harridans. Hardly a female friend she knew wasn't miserable. Either mind dumb with children, or in the married condition married to an earnest toiler, or lonely unmarried in their successful career.
Carlos Ruiz Zafon|In nonfiction, you have that limitation, that constraint, of telling the truth.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Jealousy is when their reflection in the mirror that is your progress, is attacked rather than appreciated, begrudged rather than understood.
Vishwas Chavan, Vishwasutras: Universal Principles for Living: Inspired by Real-Life Experiences|I have always believed in the power of collaboration. Early on in my professional career, I realized that you can't develop all the competencies you need fast enough on your own. Furthermore, if you don't collaborate, your ideas will be limited to your own abilities. As a result, you will not be able to serve your clientele and thus can't achieve the anticipated impact.
Bertrand Russell|A constructive approach to diplomacy doesn't mean relinquishing one's rights. It means engaging with one's counterparts, on the basis of equal footing and mutual respect, to address shared concerns and achieve shared objectives.
Sophia Newtown|A child is reliving millions of years of Evolution from a single cell to a XXI Century Human. This is the most amazing miracle I've ever encountered, and I am truly grateful to the Nature for letting me perform it - for letting me create a new life called Emily.
Najaf Mazari|I am glad that I can tell the truth, for lies are a form of theft; the liar steals from another person's trust. There are liars all over the world who have grown rich on the trust they have stolen.
Virchand Gandhi|In the history of a soul’s evolution there is a critical point of the human incarnation that decides for us whether we stay there, go down or progress upwards. There is a knot of worldly desires impeding us; cut the knot by mastering desires and go forward. This done, progress is assured.
Richelle E. Goodrich|Rare and precious gifts,gold and myrrh and frankincense,to offer a king.
P.J. O'Rourke, Parliament of Whores: A Lone Humorist Attempts to Explain the Entire U.S. Government|The Democrats are the party that says government will make you smarter, taller, richer, and remove the crabgrass on your lawn. The Republicans are the party that says government doesn't work and then they get elected and prove it.
Desmond Oshifeso|The best master is the one who raises many more masters and much more important than this, who creates masters even much better than himself!
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|There is a self-destructive program running in the consciousness of humanity, and we must write a new program.
John L. Parker Jr.|Hey listen, I already have a complete list of silver linings. It's the goddamn cloud that's killin me.
Bob Barker|Today when I think about diversity, I actually think about the word 'inclusion.' And I think this is a time of great inclusion. It's not men, it's not women alone. Whether it's geographic, it's approach, it's your style, it's your way of learning, the way you want to contribute, it's your age - it is really broad.
Timothy J. Keller|The Bible teaches that the human struggle happens within a single entity — the human heart. The main human struggle is not between the heart and something else, but between forces that tear it in different directions. The great battle is deciding to what your heart’s greatest love, hope, and trust will be directed
Christian D. Larson|The greatest remedy in the world is change; and change implies the passing from the old to the new. It is also the only path that leads from the lesser to the greater, from the dream to the reality, from the wish to the heart’s desire fulfilled. It is change that brings us everything we want. It is the opposite of change that holds us back from that which we want. But change is not always external. Real change, or rather the cause of all change, is always internal. It is the change in the within that first produces the change in the without. To go from place to place is not a change unless it produces a change of mind—a renewal of mind. It is the change of mind that is the change desired. It is the renewal of mind that produces better health, more happiness, greater power, the increase of life, and the consequent increase of all that is good in life. And the constant renewal of mind—the daily change of mind—is possible regardless of times, circumstances or places. He who can change his mind every day and think the new about everything every day, will always be well; he will always have happiness; he will always be free; his life will always be interesting; he will constantly move forward into the larger, the richer and the better; and whatever is needed for his welfare today, of that he shall surely have abundance.
W. Scott Lineberry, Tragedy and Loss and the Search for Jesus|For many, the search for Jesus is initiated from experiencing an event in life so powerful, it awakens the dragons of faith; from pain so deep, it calls on the hidden fears of the soul in an effort to survive. For others it means a serious personal life survey that ultimately forces the confrontation with the futility, anesthetics, and despair in their lives.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|What social-media really becomes after years of use is a constant stream of information both verbal and visual that at first drenches the mind, quenching its thirst for knowledge, and subduing its curiosity slowly but surly transforms into a torrent that renders the brain heavy and the mind restless.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human|Marriage as a long conversation. - When marrying you should ask yourself this question: do you believe you are going to enjoy talking with this woman into your old age? Everything else in a marriage is transitory, but most of the time that you're together will be devoted to conversation.
C. JoyBell C.|Dating is like a game. If someone feels like they have won us over too easily, they won’t see our value and will go elsewhere to find something they have to work a little bit harder for.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|If someone isn't what others want them to be, the others become angry.
Mira Grant, Feed|Every life has a watershed moment, an instant when you realize you’re about to make a choice that will define everything else you ever do, and that if you choose wrong, there may not be that many things left to choose. Sometimes the wrong choice is the only one that lets you face the end with dignity, grace, and the awareness that you’re doing the right thing.
Albert Camus|...we rarely confide in those who are better than we. Rather, we are more inclined to flee their society. Most often, on the other hand, we confess to those who are like us and who share our weaknesses. Hence we don't want to improve ourselves and be bettered, for we should first have to be judged in default. We merely wish to be pitied and encouraged in the course we have chosen. In short, we should like, at the same time, to cease being guilty and yet not to make the effort of cleansing ourselves.
Shia LaBeouf|I will always do what I can to help others, but when I retire, I want to be a dad and a husband. I want a house and a dog in the yard. I want to have barbecues.
Tahar ben Jelloun, The Sand Child|I have at least the whole of my life to answer a question: Who am I? And who is the other? A gust of wind at dawn? A motionless landscape? A trembling leaf? A coil of white smoke above a mountain? I write all these words and I hear the wind, not outside, but inside my head. A strong wind, it rattles the shutters through which I enter the dream.
Stacey Field, The Life and Afterlife of Charlie Brackwood|I am a divorced child, of divided, uncertain background. Within this division I - supposed fruit of their love - no longer exist. It happened nearly forty years ago, yet to me nothing is sadder than my parents' divorce.
Gerry Adams|I've developed a huge regard for Toyota for its environmental awareness, for its immense commitment to research and development in this field, and for its leadership in developing hybrids which others are now following.
Philip   Dodd, Klubbe the Turkle and the Golden Star Coracle|Space, as you can see, is a complete void, nothing but clear air, without solid objects or the illumination of light. On some of our photographs of space, however, studied close to, even without a magnifying glass or an enlargement lens, you will notice, in the remote background, stars, some solitary, others in shimmering clusters. And in the next set of photographs you will see the alien machine we encountered that sat stubbornly stationary in the way of our unselfgoverned path.
Fred Rogers, Life's Journeys According to Mister Rogers: Things to Remember Along the Way|We all have different gifts, so we all have different ways of saying to the world who we are.
Jay Samit, Disrupt You!: Master Personal Transformation, Seize Opportunity, and Thrive in the Era of Endless Innovation|Crowdsourcing is the ultimate disruptor of distribution because in a most Zen-like fashion, the content is controlled by everyone and no one at the same time.
Noetis|Within Eros, there is (the) promise; within Love there is (the) Truth.
Allison van Diepen, The Vampire Stalker|I'd been writing for as long as I could remember, but once I read Otherworld, I'd stopped writing original stories to focus on fan fiction. It was such a rich, exciting world that I couldn't think of writing anything else.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Every day, we ought to extend kindness to one other.
Dolly Parton|The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain!
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|Tampon commercial, detergent commercial, maxi pad commercial, windex commercial - you'd think all women do is clean and bleed.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|Theologically, the demand for “circumcision” can take many forms, even today. It appears whenever one thinks along these lines: “Faith in Christ is fine as far as it goes, but your relation to God is not really right and your salvation not adequate unless…” It does not matter how the sentence is completed. Whenever such fine print is introduced to qualify trust/faith, there is “circumcision,” and Paul’s defense of the adequacy of trust/faith can come into its own again. The Galatian situation is never far; in fact, it is all too familiar.
Andrei Linde|For me as a human being, I do not know any sense in which I could claim that the universe is here in the absence of observers. We are together, the universe and us. The moment you say that the universe exists without any observers, I cannot make any sense out of that. I cannot imagine a consistent theory of everything that ignores consciousness. A recording device cannot play the role of an observer, because who will read what is written on this recording device. In order for us to see that something happens, and say to one another that something happens, you need to have a universe, you need to have a recording device, and you need to have us . . . In the absence of observers, our universe is dead.
Diana Graves, Mortal Sentry|Maybe he's not coming,' I whispered to Damar. 'He's crazy after all. Maybe something shiny caught his attention and he forgot about me.
Romain Gary, خداحافظ گاری کوپر|Before, singing was my life, my vocal chords used to lead the way. Now, I'm in-charge.
Maximilian Brunsdon|I always believe in the magical things ...if you don't believe, you can't receive.
Miriam Joy, Broken Body Fragile Heart|I cannot love my neighbour as myselfbecause you bid me do him no harm,and I cannot love my enemiesbecause they keep crawling inside meand tearing out all my emotions:if I am made in your image then youare not somebody I want to seebecause why believe in the broken,why depend on the weak,why seek the lost and bewilderedwhose only answer is “please”?
Abraham Lincoln|I have faults enough, but they are not, I hope, of understanding. My temper I dare not vouch for. It is, I believe, too little yielding— certainly too little for the convenience of the world. I cannot forget the follies and vices of other so soon as I ought, nor their offenses against myself. My feelings are not puffed about with every attempt to move them. My temper would perhaps be called resentful. My good opinion once lost, is lost forever.
Tamara  Hill, Mental Health In A Failed American System: What Every Parent, Family, & Caregiver Should Know|There's an inherent thing in me where, if things are going too smooth, I'll sabotage the hell out of them just to make the music more of a sanctuary.
Gregory Maguire, Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister|If magic was present, it moved under the skin of the world, beneath the ability of human eyes to catch sight of it.
Michael Chabon, A Model World and Other Stories|Most people, if they know they have done wrong, foolishly suppose they can conceal their error by defending it, and finding a justification for it; but in my belief there is only one medicine for an evil deed, and that is for the guilty man to admit his guilt and show that he is sorry for it. Such an admission will make the consequences easier for the victim to bear, and the guilty man himself, by plainly showing his distress at former transgressions, will find good grounds of hope for avoiding similar transgressions in the future.
Friedrich Engels|It’s odd to suddenly discover you’re happy right in the middle of a moment. Usually, you don’t recognize happiness until it’s over and you’re looking back on it.
Paul Auster, Station Hill Blanchot Reader|What I mean is, right from that first time, there wassomething in Tommy's manner that was tinged with sadness, that seemed tosay: “Yes, we're doing this now and I'm glad we're doing it now. But what apity we left it so late.
Elizabeth Gilbert|Creativity is a crushing chore and a glorious mystery. The work wants to be made, and it wants to be made through you.
Bhavya Kaushik|I believe there is no heaven or hell. There are no devils or angels. No afterlife or salvation. My soul won't be incarnated or lost in the oblivion. One day, I will just stop existing... and that's it!
Hélène Cixous|They grab you by the breasts, they pluck your derriere, they stuff you in a pot, they saute you with sperm, they grab you by the beak, they stick you in a house, they fatten you up on conjugal oil, they shut you up in your cage. And now, lay.
Sylvester Stallone|There is almost nothing more painful for a leader than seeing good people leave a growing organization, whether it's a priest watching a Sunday school teacher walk out the door or a CEO saying goodbye to a co-founder.
Temple Emmet Williams|My shipmates and I only grasped our roles on the very superficial level we were taught. We were fighting the bad guys. They were the bad guys because we were told that they were the bad guys. We had to control, infiltrate, and shove our authority around the world because we were its greatest nation. We had the shiniest ships, the biggest guns, the deadliest weapons, and the cockiest egos. And if we thought otherwise, we were vicious traitors. The military condemns rebels, thinkers, and doubt. The military loves obedience, loyalty, and oblivion. Its core values are, after all, “Honor, Courage, and Commitment.
Werner Heisenberg|In the history of science, ever since the famous trial of Galileo, it has repeatedly been claimed that scientific truth cannot be reconciled with the religious interpretation of the world. Although I an now convinced that scientific truth is unassailable in its own field, I have never found it possible to dismiss the content of religious thinking as simply part of an outmoded phase in the consciousness of mankind, a part we shall have to give up from now on, Thus in the course of my life I have repeatedly been compelled to ponder on the relationship of these two regions of though, for I have never been able to doubt the reality of that to which they point.
Jovan Adepo|Boldness and decision command, often even in evil, the respect and concurrence of mankind.
Elaine Seiler|Sometimes the signs and signals of the non-language speaking world are not very clear. Then we have to walk in trust, move forward step by small step, until we are sure of the proper path.
Linda Howard, Blood Born|You don't just... just float someone in the air like that!" she shouted, so beside herself she was almost frenzied."Why? Is there some human law against it?
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|Some of us are filled with a unique inner light. Others around us cease to exist because of it. The light opaques them. The outcome is, they will try everything in their power to tear it off, from you. Unless you accept their terms; to give up that uniqueness, forever.“Now, my question for you is: Are you a people pleaser or are you one of us?
Kalpana Chawla|I am only 33, I've got a lot to do. This is the first half of my career. I'm looking forward to the future and I'm proud about the past.
Douglas Alexander|I guess, as a reporter, I always thought that my biggest strength was that I could get anybody to talk to me. I wasn't the best writer, but I could get people to talk to me.
Abhijit Naskar, The Spirituality Engine|Faith and hope remove worry, anxiety, and fear. Human life becomes very painful and burdensome if a person has no one to trust and love. Then why should it bother an atheist, if a mother who just has lost her child, takes up a doll of baby Jesus or Krishna and pampers it like her own child, while in the process she actually succeeds in coping with her traumatic situation!
Mehmet Murat ildan|The stupid are always in a tendency to create enemies; on the other hand the clever are always in a tendency to create friendships! Make friends with anything or anybody possible, in short, be clever!
Morgan Rhodes, Falling Kingdoms|At an early age I learned that people make mistakes, and you have to decide if their mistakes are bigger than your love for them.
Nadège Richards|Everyone has a calling. Thus, everyone has the chance to do something remarkable that will make hime great in the eyes of others.
Aishah Madadiy, Bits of Heaven|Good wins in the end because evil is a self-destructive, cannibalistic force that Inevitably engorges upon itself.
John C. Maxwell|When one has the feeling of dislike for evil, when one feels tranquil, one finds pleasure in listening to good teachings; when one has these feelings and appreciates them, one is free of fear.
Jane McGonigal|Men never fail to dwell on maternity as a disqualification for the possession of many civil and political rights. Suggest the idea of women having a voice in making laws and administering the Government in the halls of legislation, in Congress, or the British Parliament, and men will declaim at once on the disabilities of maternity in a sneering contemptuous way, as if the office of motherhood was undignified and did not comport with the highest public offices in church and state. It is vain that we point them to Queen Victoria, who has carefully reared a large family, while considering and signing...
William T. Sherman|Grant stood by me when I was crazy, and I stood by him when he was drunk, and now we stand by each other.
Deborah Levy, Hot Milk|Maybe we should remember that logic constructs a box that is far too small for wonder to take up residence in. Therefore, the crucial question is, ‘Will we choose to live there if wonder cannot?
Sheila Connolly, Fundraising the Dead|She was brilliant and joyous and she believed- probably correctly- that libraries contain the answers to all things, to everything, and that if you can't find the information you seek in the library, then such information probably doesn't exist in this or any parallel universe now or ever to be known. She was thoughtful and kind and she always believed the best of everybody. She was, above all else, a master librarian and she knew where to find any book on any subject in the shortest possible time. And she was wonderfully unhinged.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|If you'd called me an ox, I'd have said I was an ox; if you'd called me a horse, I'd have said I was a horse. If the reality is there and you refuse to accept the name men give it, you'll only lay yourself open to double harassment.
Courtney Milan, The Countess Conspiracy|But that intimacy of mutual embarrassment, in which each feels that the other is feeling something, having once existed, its effect is not to be done away with.
Eric Ludy, When God Writes Your Love Story: The Ultimate Approach to Guy/Girl Relationships|The world is always in a hurry, but I teach My children patience. Live, expecting a full and joyous life. And learn to trust My perfect timing so that you may discover that all the pain found in waiting has a magnificent and awesome purpose.
James Carville|People think being famous is so glamorous, but half the time you're in a strange hotel room living out of a suitcase.
John F. Kennedy|A broken heart is what makes life so wonderful five years later  when you see the guy in an elevator and he is fat and smoking a cigar and saying "long-time-no-see." If he hadn't broken your heart  you couldn't have that glorious feeling of relief!
Paul  Johnson, A History of Christianity|This was all very well: Columbanus's success indicates the appeal of his mission. But his activities, for the first time, brought the nature of Celtic monasticism firmly to the attention of the Church authorities -- to western bishops in general, and to the Bishop of Rome in particular. The Irish monks were not heretical. But they were plainly unorthodox. They did not look right, to begin with. They had the wrong tonsure. Rome, as was natural, had 'the tonsure of St Peter', that is, a shaven crown. Easterners had the tonsure of St Paul, totally shaven; and if they wished to take up an appointment in the West they had to wait until their rim grew before being invested. But the Celts looked like nothing on earth: they had their hair long at the back and, on the shaven front part, a half-circle of hair from one ear to the other, leaving a band across the forehead.
Kaitlyn O'Connor, When Night Falls|They were gone. They'd come for her, but she'd missed them and she was never going to get home again.When she finally turned toward the door to the apartment once more, she saw that Lucien had dragged himself from the bed. He was braced in the door frame, his dark skin bleached of color.
Aditya Ajmera|So many times the debate of abortion turns to legality. The issue is not legality, the issue is morality. Have you not forgotten? It was legal for Adolf Hitler to place all of those men, women, and children in concentration camps and murder them. Abortion should never be an issue of legality, it is most definitely an issue of morality.
Tiffany Hawk, Love Me Anyway|You people who have survived childhood don't remeber any longer what it was like. You think children are whole, uncomplicated creatures, and if you split them in two with a handy axe there would be all one substance inside, hard candy. But it isn't hard candy so much as a hopeless seething lava of all kinds of things, a turmoil, a mess. And once the child starts thinking about this mess he begins to disintegrate as a child and turns into something else--an adult, an animal.
Debasish Mridha|Feel the joy and love anyway, stress will melt away.
Sean Spicer|A reputation takes years and years and years to build, and it takes one press of a button to ruin it. Don't let that happen to you. You've done so much work; you've put in so much effort. Don't let one moment ruin your entire life because you wanted to be funny or you were mad or because you had a mood.
Seanan McGuire, Rosemary and Rue|If love wasn't conditional, everybody would be in love with everybody.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|To write freely is to walk a joyous, terrifying, exhilarating path naked through the world of the fully clothed.
Steven A. Seidman, Posters, Propaganda, and Persuasion in Election Campaigns Around the World and Through History|In the years that followed the Harrison campaign, many candidates—from Colonel James 'Young Hickory' Polk in 1844 to Lieutenant John Kerry in 2004—had their 'humble origins' and/or 'war leadership' highlighted in political material. Often coupled with these tactics was a corollary, to create an image of the opposition candidate that was highly negative—from John Adams as a 'monarchist' to John Kerry as a 'flip-flopping, windsurfing elitist.
Bernie Mac|I have been president of the Indian Kabbadi Association, and likewise, I have been associated with various other sports as well.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|She smiled, and her eyes started to drift downward. "Cather..." Back up to his eyes."You know that I'm falling in love with you, right?
Lemony Snicket, The Ersatz Elevator|the table of elements does not contain one of the most powerful elements that make up our world, and that is the element of surprise.
Jayde Scott, A Job From Hell|That’s great, Grace, but in case you’ve forgotten, we’re supposed to kill vampires, not play nice and have lunch with them. - Archer
Michael Crichton, Eaters of the Dead|The risk is too great. A man cannot place too much faith in any one thing, neither a woman, nor a horse, nor a weapon, nor any single thing.
Lee Smith, On Agate Hill|Francis stared down at the Duchess of York's letter. He swallowed, then read aloud in a husky voice, "It was showed by John Sponer that King Richard, late mercifully reigning upon us, was through great treason piteously slain and murdered, to the great heaviness of this City." As Margaret listened, the embittered grey eyes had softened, misted with sudden tears. "My brother may lie in an untended grave," she said, "but he does not lack for an epitaph.
Taylor Swift|Change is not an event, it's a process.
Ryū Murakami, Piercing|You never knew when God would send you just what you needed, sometimes even when you didn't realize you were missing anything in the first place. You just had to keep your eyes-and mind-open to the possibilities.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is a beautiful flower of love, harmony and joyPeace is a dancing bird, a joyful smile of a poor boyPeace is a little child's innocent smile and loving kissFor a war torn mother, peace is a divine bliss.Peace starts with a heart that is caringPeace starts with a smile that is lovingPeace starts with power of love not with love of powerPeace starts with a desire to bloom like a flower.
Debasish Mridha|When I am looking for you, then in silence, your every atom is longing for me.
Allan Dare Pearce, Hitler Burns Detroit|You are so civilized. So polite. So brave coming here alone when you know no one here would dare to touch you. So easy to be all those things, when all the power is on your side.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Wake up with a purpose and make every effort to succeed. Many people spend their lives just going through the motions. They are satisfied with their daily routines or habitual lifestyles. Don't be complacent with those activities. Challenge yourself to be better, do greater things.
Jeff Horowitz, My First 100 Marathons: 2,260 Miles with an Obsessive Runner|When I go to the Boston Marathon now, I have wet shoulders—women fall into my arms crying. They're weeping for joy because running has changed their lives. They feel they can do anything.
Sydney J. Harris|The larger an English industry was, the more likely it was to go bankrupt, because the English were not naturally corporate people; they disliked working for others and they seemed to resent taking orders. On the whole, directors were treated absurdly well, and workers badly, and most industries were weakened by class suspicion and false economies and cynicism. But the same qualities that made English people seem stubborn and secretive made them, face to face, reliable and true to their word. I thought: The English do small things well and big things badly.
Barack Obama|Our individualism has always been bound by a set of communal values, the glue upon which every healthy society depends.
Joseph Conrad|Only in men's imagination does every truth find an effective and undeniable existence. Imagination, not invention, is the supreme master of art as of life.
Sebastian Barry, Days Without End|Everything bad gets shot at in America, says John Cole, and everything good too.
Mary Connealy, Doctor in Petticoats (Center Point Christian Romance|A black shadow dropped down into the circle. It was Bagheera the Black Panther, inky black all over, but with the panther markings showing up in certain lights like the pattern of watered silk. Everybody knew Bagheera, and nobody cared to cross his path, for he was as cunning as Tabaqui, as bold as the wild buffalo, and as reckless as the wounded elephant. But he had a voice as soft as wild honey dripping from a tree, and a skin softer than down.
Dimitris Mita|No! I had too many variables! Two of those variables were actually the same variable, so I revised the equation and then it all made perfect sense!" Ada was truly excited. "You seem truly excited, Lady Ada," said Anna cautiously.
Laura Busche, Lean Branding|Products shouldn’t just work well, they must unfold well.
Kevin J. Donaldson|The easiest mistake to make is to lose sight of your goal. Failure is temporary, but quitting is permanent. Choose wisely.
Alexander McCall Smith, A Distant View of Everything|He smiled as he imagined the composite Jamie/Isabel, who would play the bassoon, read philosophy, interfere in other people's affairs rather too much, drive a green Swedish car and make legendary potatoes Dauphinoise.
|Get in the habit of visualizing yourself standing at the victory line of your dream, but at the same time, be sure to accompany your positive imagination with consistent actions.
Gilbert Parker|Whether it's music, loss of something, loneliness or friendship - if that emotion is heightened in some way and painted to fit in between the covers of 32 pages, that can become a picture book.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|As a resident, my highest ideal was not saving lives -- everyone dies eventually -- but guiding a patient or family to an understanding of death or illness.
A.N. Casey, Permanent Jet Lag|Are you going to sit or are you afraid I’ll suck your blood?”“No, I am not afraid.”“Then come sit next to me.” ~ Trent and Kiara: Scarred
Daniel Pinkwater|The rulers of your minds indulge in proverbs, but they've forgotten the main one, that love cannot be forced, and they have a deeply rooted habit of liberating people and making them happy, especially those who haven't asked for it. You probably fancy that there's no better place in the world for me than your camp and your company. I probably should even bless you and thank you for my captivity, for your having liberated me from my family, my son, my home, my work, from everything that's dear to me and that I live by.
George MacDonald, A Dish of Orts|To inquire into what God has made is the main function of the imagination. It is aroused by facts, is nourished by facts; seeks for higher and yet higher laws in those facts; but refuses to regard science as the sole interpreter of nature, or the laws of science as the only region of discovery.
Leila Howland, Nantucket Blue|It feels sort of euphoric, like we're in some sort of fairytale. Like she's Tinkerbell and I'm Peter Pan. No, wait. I don't want to be Peter Pan. Maybe she can be like Cinderella and I'll be her Prince Charming.
Jonathan Haidt, The Righteous Mind: Why Good People are Divided by Politics and Religion|Sandy fidgeted with his pen. “There’s something I didn’t write down. Maybe I shouldn’t tell you, you being a judge and all, but, well, Jake Wexler… he’s a bookie.”No, he should not have told her. “A small-time operator, I’m sure, Mr. McSouthers,” the judge replied coldly. “It can have no bearing on the matter before us. Sam Westing manipulated people, cheated workers, bribed officials, stole ideas, but Sam Westing never smoked or drank or placed a bet. Give me a bookie any day over such a fine, upstanding, clean-living man.
Jaleigh Johnson, The Secrets of Solace|Normally, she would never wish a head injury on anyone, but it might make her days in Archival Studies a bit easier.
Abhijit Naskar, Biopsy of Religions: Neuroanalysis Towards Universal Tolerance|There was no conflict between science and religion ever. The conflicts were actually between two different systems of human understanding – one was science, which was based on rigorous observations and examinations, and the other was fundamentalism, that’s based on undisputed belief on the scriptures.
Clint Eastwood|As for believing things, I can believe anything, provided that it is quite incredible.
Scott Berkun, The Myths of Innovation|The best lesson from the myths of Newton and Archimedes is to work passionately but to take breaks. Sitting under trees and relaxing in baths lets the mind wander and frees the subconscious to do work on our behalf. Freeman Dyson, a world-class physi- cist and author, agrees: “I think it’s very important to be idle...people who keep themselves busy all the time are generally not creative. So I am not ashamed of being idle.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Burns|Our relationship had been doomed form the start, because it was based on grief, and unlike love, grief eventually passed.
Barack Obama|My father was a great business leader and humanitarian who dedicated his life to the company and the community. He also was a wonderful family man, a loving husband, father, grandfather and great-grandfather. He will be greatly missed by everyone who knew him, yet he will continue to inspire us all.
Trevor Nunn|A visit to a cinema is a little outing in itself. It breaks the monotony of an afternoon or evening; it gives a change from the surroundings of home, however pleasant.
T.H. White, The Once and Future King|The Destiny of Man is to unite, not to divide. If you keep on dividing you end up as a collection of monkeys throwing nuts at each other out of separate trees.
Nikolas Schreck|And then there was her face: her white skin, her brown eyes, and her expression, so soft and beautiful; she looked as though she were constantly getting ready to ask a question. Even an immaculately crafted doll could not have been as lovely.
Anders Holm|I can honestly say - not proudly, but honestly - before I had a child, I would see things on TV or hear the news, feel sad for the people and move forward with my day. Now I see everything through a mother's eyes.
Emy Storey|What a face this girl possessed!—could I not gaze at it every day I would need to recreate it through painting, sculpture, or fatherhood until a second such face is born. Her face, at once innocent and feral, soft and wild! Her mouth voluptuous. Eyes deep as oceans, her eyes as wide as planets. I likened her to the slender Psyché and judged that the perfection of her face ennobled everything unclean around her: the dusty hems of her bunched-up skirt, the worn straps of her nightshirt; the blackened soles of her tiny bare feet, the coal-stained balcony bricks upon which she sat, and that dusty wrought-ironwork that framed her perch. All this and the pungent air!—almost foul, with so many odors. Ô, that and the spicy night! …Pungency, spice, filth and night, dust and light; all things dark did blossom in sight; flower and bloom, the night has its pearl too—the moon! And once a month it will make the face of this tender girl bloom.
Garrison Keillor|I used to think that kid might become a preacher. Now I don't see how he's going to stay out of prison. Nobody in this family ever went to prison for sex crimes. He'd be the first."Yes," says Jesus, "you never know about these things."He and Grandpa are drinking cups of coffee and eating ginger snaps. Grandpa says, "When are you planning to return to earth?"Soon as I finish this coffee," say Jesus. "Pretty good, isn't it.
Roman Payne, The Wanderess|One of the greatest challenge facing young people today, is thelarge scale availability of half truth’s and manipulated facts
Alison Miller, Becoming Yourself: Overcoming Mind Control and Ritual Abuse|It may be a reflection on human nature, that such devices should be necessary to control the abuses of government. But what is government itself, but the greatest of all reflections on human nature? If men were angels, no government would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary. In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men, the great difficulty lies in this: you must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place oblige it to control itself.
Robert Louis Stevenson, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde|I wanted it for how it made me feel, regardless of how little it cared for me. Do whatever you want -- just give me the bliss.
Sándor Márai, La mujer justa|Because it’s not true that suffering purifies people; that we become better, wiser, more understanding in the process. We become cold and indifferent. When, for the first time in our lives, we properly understand our fate, we become almost calm. Calm and extraordinarily, terrifyingly lonely.
Tapan Ghosh|When character is lost, nothing is lost; when wealth is lost, something is lost; but when health is lost, everything is lost.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Be kind, be fair and be just.
Lemony Snicket, The Blank Book|The Holy Spirit is the most perfect gift of the Father to men, and yet He is the one gift which the Father gives most easily.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|I'd take cyanide no problem if it was that or throwing a cat out in the street, even a moth-eaten, mangy, caterwauling pain in the ass! I'd rather have the thing in bed with me than see it suffer on my account...though when it comes to human beings, I'm only interested in the sick...the ones who can stand up are nothing but mounds of vice and spite...I don't get mixed up in their schemes...
Donna Lynn Hope|Daughter, that's life: messy, confusing, heartbreaking, but wonderful. All any of us can do is to try to be ur best, and to learn from our mistakes, as well as our victories
Steven Pinker, The Stuff of Thought: Language as a Window Into Human Nature|John Andrew Holmes, “No exercise is better for the human heart than reaching down and lifting another up.
Tsoknyi Rinpoche, Carefree Dignity: Discourses on Training in the Nature of Mind|Whenever ego suffers from fear of death & your practice turns to seeing impermanence, ego settles down.
Saint Ignatius|What I'm still grappling with and learning how to do is to be looking and thinking cinematically, having come from television.
J.Adam Snyder|For Republicans, life begins at conception but ends at birth.
Mensah Oteh|Becoming your best self should be your ultimate goal, and wisdom helps you discover your true self and can guide you towards manifesting your potential.
Aldous Huxley|The summer I turned eleven, I found out that ghosts are real. Guess it's hard to rest nice and easy in your coffin if you got stuff on your mind. Your soul stays chained to earth instead of zipping up to heaven to sing in one of the angel choirs. Sometimes ghosts show up in the msot peculiar places. Sometimes ghosts fool you. Then you are those ghosts that hang around because we have unfinished business. Business that sinks like old crawfish left in a bucket for a week. That's some nasty smell let me tell you. But the most important thing I learned is that ghosts can help you spill your guts before guilt eats you up and leaves a hole that can't ever be fixed no matter how many patches you try to steam iron across it.
Robin Sacredfire|Nothing can create more dramatic changes than simple and pure love and compassion. When people pray, their prayers are listened, but the answers manifest in forms that their selfishness blinds them to see.
Kishore Bansal|After a long time when the sun finally comes out of the clouds, the Earth salutes it by striking its best pose!
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|To understand history,' Chacko said, 'we have to go inside and listen to what they're saying. And look at the books and the pictures on the wall. And smell the smells.
Charli XCX|I love that '...Baby One More Time' video, to be honest; it's amazing.
Norman Douglas|She lived frugally, but her meals were the only things on which she deliberately spent her money. She never compromised on the quality of her groceries, and drank only good-quality wines.
Monica Johnson|Though sages may pour out their wisdom's treasure, there is no sterner moralist than pleasure.
Lawrence Lessig|In countries with a properly functioning legal system, the mob continues to exist, but it is rarely called upon to mete out capital punishment. The right to take human life belongs to the state. Not so in societies where weak courts and poor law enforcement are combined with intractable structural injustices.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|While looking down memory lane, I realized that I have had an unusual and extraordinary life at times. Then it dawned on me, maybe it's because I'm supposed to help unusual and extraordinary lives.
Swami Sant Sevi Ji Maharaj|For that moment I touched an emotion beyond the common range of men, yet one the poor brutes we dominate know only too well. I felt as a rabbit might feel returning to his burrow, and suddenly confronted by the work of a dozen busy navvies digging the foundations of a house. I felt the first inkling of a thing that presently grew quite clear in my mind, that oppressed me for many days, a sense of dethronement, a persuasion that I was no longer master, but an animal among animals; under the Martian heel.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|You better go alone, than with negative people!
Chris Gibson|We who reject Trump's bankrupt leadership must heal old wounds, reorient ourselves, and embrace common goals. And if there is one thing on which we can all agree, it's this: we cannot concede any ground.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|When also I am told that a woman, called the Virgin Mary, said, or gave out, that she was with child without any cohabitation with a man, and that her betrothed husband, Joseph, said that an angel told him so, I have a right to believe them or not: such a circumstance required a much stronger evidence than their bare word for it: but we have not even this; for neither Joseph nor Mary wrote any such matter themselves. It is only reported by others that they said so. It is hearsay upon hearsay, and I do not chose to rest my belief upon such evidence.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|Since middle-class Western women can best be weakened psychologically now that we are stronger materially, the beauty myth, as it has resurfaced in the last generation, has had to draw on more technological sophistication and reactionary fervor than ever before. The modern arsenal of the myth is a dissemination of millions of images of the current ideal; although this barrage is generally seen as a collective sexual fantasy, there is in fact little that is sexual about it. It is summoned out of political fear on the part of male-dominated institutions threatened by women's freedom, and it exploits female guilt and apprehension about our own liberation -- latent fears that we might be going too far.
Piper Payne|There is something beautiful about a blank canvas, the nothingness of the beginning that is so simple and breathtakingly pure. It’s the paint that changes its meaning and the hand that creates the story. Every piece begins the same, but in the end they are all uniquely different.
Josh Hutcherson|Right away I think of two books - 'Wuthering Heights' and 'Rebecca' - and of just sinking into them as a young reader. I think they must have appealed not just to my romantic adolescent soul, but I suppose there's also an appealing darkness in both of them.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You must make time daily for your physical, emotional, mental and spiritual development.
Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient|There are betrayals in war that are childlike compared with our human betrayals during peace. The new lovers enter the habits of the other. Things are smashed, revealed in a new light. This is done with nervous or tender sentences, although the heart is an organ of fire.
Vincent van Gogh|It’s so weird, to know you’re crazy and not be able to do anything about it, you know? It’s not like you believe yourself to be normal. You know there is a problem. But you can’t figure a way through to fixing it. Because you can’t be sure, you know?
Eleanor Catton, The Luminaries|If luck wouldn't find him, he would do his best to make his own.
Jon Armajani, Modern Islamist movements: history, religions, and politics|Newspapers might have as much to do in shaping the course of public events as politicians,
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We can trust the Bible because it points us to the most important events in human history: the life, death, and resurrection of Jesus Christ.
Whittaker Chambers, Witness|As I continued to pray raggedly, prayer ceased to be an awkward and self-conscious act. It became a daily need to which I looked forward. If, for any reason, I were deprived of it, I was distressed as if I had been deprived of some life necessity, like water. I cannot say I changed. There tore through me a transformation with the force of a river, which, dammed up and diverted for a lifetime, bursts its way back to its true channel. I became what I was. I ceased to be what I was not.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|Time. Time has a way of standing still during the moments that define one’s life.The first kiss, the birth of one’s first child, a paralyzing car accident, hearing of the death of a parent, the last kiss.
Asa Don Brown|Letting go of the past, is like opening the flood gates of healing to be set free.
Eva Hoffman, Lost in Translation: A Life in a New Language|I would expect a significant development and elaboration of language in only a few generations if all the chimps unable to communicate were to die or fail to reproduce. Basic English corresponds to about 1,000 words. Chimpanzees are already accomplished in vocabularies exceeding 10 percent of that number.
Bruce Springsteen, Born to Run|First, you write for yourself... always, to make sense of experience and the world around you. It’s one of the ways I stay sane. Our stories, our books, our films are how we cope with the random trauma-inducing chaos of life as it plays.
Josie Brown|I grew up in libraries, and I hope I've learned never to take them for granted. A thriving library is the heart of its community, providing access to information and educational opportunities, bringing people together, leveling the playing field, and archiving our history.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|When individuals are close to God, love and desire to serve the Lord, the usual strategy of the devil is to cause them to lose their peace of heart, whereas God, on the contrary, comes to their aid to give them peace. But this rule is reversed for those whose hearts are far from God, who live in indifference and evil. The devil seeks to tranquilize such individuals, to keep them in a false sense of quietude, whereas the Lord, Who desires their salvation and conversion, will trouble and disquiet their consciences in an effort to get them to repent.
Erin McCarthy, Hard and Fast|Honey, nobody ever knows someone completely. You have to just enjoy what you do know and have faith in the rest.
Joakim Zander, The Swimmer|Keep up with the world. There's changes everyday so if you don't think of what to do today, you have to think of what to do tomorrow.
Joseph O'Connor, Star of the Sea|That each man is the sum of his choices is nothing less than the truth. And each, perhaps, is also something else.
Pedro Bial|He was in Guanajuato, Mexico, he was a writer, and tonight was the Day of the Dead ceremony. He was in a little room on the second floor of a hotel, a room with wide windows and a balcony that overlooked the plaza where the children ran and yelled each morning. He heard them shouting now. And this was Mexico's Death Day. There was a smell of death all through Mexico you never got away from, no matter how far you went. No matter what you said or did, not even if you laughed or drank, did you ever get away from death in Mexico. No car went fast enough. No drink was strong enough.("The Candy Skull")
Germaine Greer, The Whole Woman|Every woman knows that, regardless of all her other achievements, she is a failure if she is not beautiful.
Edmund Campion, Great Australian Catholics|At his funeral the priest's words applied signally to him: 'The Christian Brothers are a body of men who live without luxury, labour without emolument, and die without notice, that they might stamp God's image on the soul of youth. That surely is a splendid vocation.
Charlotte Munro, Grey October|You’re different, Elli. You’re unlike anyone else, it’s because of that…’‘How can a Prince, how can someone like you be seen with me? I get it, Evan, its fine.’‘It’s because of that, I want you.
Robert C. Solomon, Will to Power: The Philosophy of Friedrich Nietzsche|A man has only so much life, and must diversify his efforts according to his values.
Anonymous|When you look through the window of hate, you are really looking in the Devil's mirror.
Carolyn Byers Ruch|When we talk with our children about sexual abuse, we are not only taking a proactive step toward protecting them, we are building our relationship with them--grounded in honesty and trust. It's a win-win situation.
Abhijit Naskar|Never question the conviction of a scientist, based on mere scriptures.
Pinkie Numa|You cannot win anymore even if you do your best. Because everyone is doing their best. In order to win, you have to do more than you best.
Gaelen Foley, My Dangerous Duke|To change the world, a country, an organization, a community, a relationship, begin with the smallest seed of change: begin with yourself. That is what this book is all about.
Steven Tyler|Make the most of your regrets; never smother your sorrow, but tend and cherish it till it comes to have a separate and integral interest. To regret deeply is to live afresh.
Sarah Mayberry, Anything for You|I love you. I love you. I love you. Always have, probably always will. Happy?” she said.He stopped when he was standing mere inches away. Reaching out, he captured her face in his hands and smoothed his thumbs across her cheekbones to clear her tears.“You have no idea how relieved I am to hear you say that,” he said.
Faraaz Kazi|Beauty is the only human aspect which cannot be captured on any canvas howsoever hard an artist tries. At the most, the undaunted artist can replicate the beauty on paper but what is a replica in comparison to the original! The humbling resemblance can only be respected, not truly adored. Beauty cannot be imprisoned in the lens of a camera. The images of beauty are a moment of its essence. Beauty cannot be displayed to evoke pleasure for all on a cinema screen. Those are just its imprints, mere illusions of its existence. Beauty cannot be described by words; it cannot be written or read about. There are no suitable words in all the languages of the world, ancient or modern to hold it between a paper and a pen or a script and an eye. Beauty can only be experienced from far, its delightful aroma can only be tasted through one’s eyes and its pleasurable sight can only be felt from the soul.Beauty can only be best described at its origin through a befuddling silence, the kind that leaves one almost on the verge of a pleasurable death, just because one chooses beauty over life. There is nothing in this world to hold something so pure, so divine except a loving heart. And it is the only manner through which love recognises love; the language of love has no alphabet, no words.
John Updike, In the Beauty of the Lilies|This was getting uglier by the minute, I thought. There really was no easy escape, since we were sitting far from the exit and the waiters knew me from prior dinner dates with Ashley and I hadn't paid the tab yet. From: "My Worst Valentine's Day.Ever: a Short Story
T. J. Miller|I've interviewed presidents and royalty, rock stars and movie stars, famous generals and captains of industry; I've had front row seats at Super Bowls, World Series, and Olympic Games; my books have been on best-seller lists, and my marriage is a long-running success.
Abigail  Baker, The Reaper's Kiss|But that kiss did more than turn her into a puddle of lust. It terrified her. Not because of how soul-searingly good it was, but because kisses like that don’t just happen. Kisses like that implied history and connection and bone-deep knowledge, and it made her question everything that had existed between them before.
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|People are fragile. They die of mistakes, of overdoses, of sickness. But mostly they die of Death.
Frances Power Cobbe, Criminals, Idiots, Women, and Minors|Pardon me; I must seem to you so stupid! Why is the property of the woman who commits Murder, and the property of the woman who commits Matrimony, dealt with alike by your law?
Raewyn W. Connell|MySchool not OurSchools. In the basic logic of policy, there is now no difference between Labor and Liberal/National parties. The unchallenged assumption of national and state policy is that whatever problem exists, market logic can fix it.
T. S. Eliot|I hope I may have succeeded in presenting to you, however imperfectly, the currents of thought due to the work of the immortal Darwin which have helped to make anthropology what it is at the present time.
Zelda Fitzgerald, Save Me the Waltz|You reminded me what it feels like to love. You made me fall in love and, fuck, I don't want to lose that. I don't want to lose you.
Agatha Christie|It's a terrible thing, what we did,” said Francis abruptly. “I mean, this man was not Voltaire we killed. But still. It’s a shame. I feel bad about it.
Cambria Hebert, Torch|At work, or anywhere in life, people should be a team, working for the best of all, not protecting individual egos.
J.B.S. Haldane|The four stages of acceptance:1. This is worthless nonsense.2. This is an interesting, but perverse, point of view.3. This is true, but quite unimportant.4. I always sai
Brandon Stanton|The confidence is really driven by the woman - whether she can have the confidence that there will be enough earning or income to finance all the domestic spending - but also by the middle-income class, which for many Asian countries has become the growth power for the economy.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|With the best of intentions you toss me a lifeline. Failing to see how a piece of rope will do me any good, I ignore it and drown.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Let [Christ] transform your life so that you will have a glow on your face, a spring in your step, and joy in your soul.
Alida Van Gores, Mermaid's Song|If a palmist grasp my palm, and look into it, without seeing a single line, what would he read?
Nicholas Evans|I absolutely think that happiness is a choice. One of the most potent forces in human psychology is the power of habit. Do something, think something, often enough and it will become the only thing you can do or think. Choose to be unhappy and soon that’s all you will be. Live in a swamp and you’ll grow webbed feet.
Juliette Lewis|I don't want to be famous as a movie star and have the whole world love me, I want to be a creative actress.
David Starr Jordan|Be a life long or short, its completeness depends on what it was lived for.
Stephen Covey|Instead of saving for someone else's college education, I'm currently saving for a luxury retirement community replete with golf carts and handsome young male nurses who love butterscotch.
Michelle Zink, Prophecy of the Sisters|Its emptiness is more than the lack of living, breathing beings. It is the unread pages of the many books that reside on the shelves throughout the room I should hot have thought one could tell when books have gone unread, but after the company of Birchwood's well-loved library it is as if I can hear these books whispering, their pages grasping and reaching for an audience.
Blake Shelton|Actually, my mother and Alfie came for three weeks' Christmas vacation and stayed for 21 years. I guess my mother never went back because she was lonely.
Linda Alfiori, The Art of Loving Again: How to More Intelligently Start Again After a Breakup, Divorce and The Death of a Loved One|LOVE IS LIKE A DESIGNER FASHION, ENJOY IT WHEN YOU HAVE IT. LET IT GO WHEN IT IS GONE BECAUSE A NEW ONE WILL COME.
Oliver Hassencamp|Wer lügt, hat die Wahrheit immerhin gedacht.
Kevin Durant|I don't go out drinking and stuff like that. My friends say 'Just have one drink, JD.' I say 'What's the point?' I'll go to a club and have a Red Bull, get my buzz. And the next day I feel cool. It's discipline, not just with drinking but a lot of things in life. You've just got to look at the bigger picture.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|if you wanna make friends , you have to be hypocrite , but if you wanna have best friends you need to be honest to them
Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Redemption|God wants to rescue us, not destroy us. You don't have to be afraid of being happy, thinking that he wants to take that happiness away from you That's not who he is." "How can you be sure?" "Because when you've had a taste of goodness, it helps you recognize the difference between good and evil. I believe that people like Grace and St. Francis and a whole host of other kind, loving people show us what God is like. He isn't waiting to punish you and he doesn't give you blessings just to strip them away.
Jose Antonio Vargas|I know how easy it is for one to stay well within moral, ethical, and legal bounds through the skillful use of words - and to thereby spin, sidestep, circumvent, or bend a truth completely out of shape. To that extent, we are all liars on numerous occasions.
P.S. Baber, Cassie Draws the Universe|Beacon, beacon, lonesome on a hill—Waves run aground, pound ‘round, what a thrill!Water water everywhere crashes,Shore’s not lazy for it mashes, bashes…..Summer’s when tourists traipse o’er to see you,Offering to wipe-wash your dust and mildew;Summer painters place you with dinghy and gull,Historians have you as subject o’er which to mull.When feline Fog drifts gently or is heavy,	Your bright light’s followed by boat bevy;And during those calm, clear days and nightsYou’re that upright nautical dream exciting tiny tykes.
Anthony Liccione|Sometimes you have to risk life, in order to live, and gamble death, to sacrifice life.
Jack Tempchin|Just remember this, my girl, when you look up in the sky you can see the stars and still not see the light.
Anthony Liccione|If a man brags about his sex life he's a stud, but if a woman brags about her sex life she's a slut.
Maria V. Snyder|How did you-"Fool your guards? They're not very good, the forgot to check the ceiling for spiders."Valek grinned. His angular face softened.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Even in your hobbies, has there not always been some secret attraction which the others are curiously ignorant of--something, not to be identified with, but always on the verge of breaking through, the smell of cut wood in the workshop or the clap-clap of water against the boat's side? Are not all lifelong friendships born at the moment when at last you meet another human being who has some inkling (but faint and uncertain even in the best) of that something which you were born desiring, and which, beneath the flux of other desires and in all the momentary silences between the louder passions, night and day, year by year, from childhood to old age, you are looking for, watching for, listening for? You have never had it. All the things that have ever deeply possesed your soul have been but hints of it--tantalizing glimspes, promises never quite fulfilled, echoes that died away just as they caught your ear. But if it should really become manifest--if there ever came an echo that did not die away but swelled into the sound itself--you would know it. Beyond all possibility of doubt you would say 'Here at last is the thing I was made for.' We cannot tell each other about it. It is the secret signature of each soul, the incommunicable and unappeasable want, the things we desired before we met our wives or made our friends or chose our work, and which we shall still desire on our deathbeds, when the mind no longer knows wife or friend or work. While we are, this is. If we lose this, we lose all.
Lawrence M. Krauss|I think that's what distinguishes Schmidt, really. In the movies now, so much of what is appealing to an audience is the dramatic or has to do with science fiction, and Schmidt is simply human. There's no melodrama; there's no device, It's just about a human being.
David Wong, This Book Is Full of Spiders: Seriously, Dude, Don't Touch It|SHUT UP. Both of you. You're coming with me." To me he said, "Put some pant
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|How do you know they aren't the one? At the first sight of total disregard for your hurt, your gut will feel uneasy. I'm reminding you to listen up.
Stephen King, 11/22/63|I used to hammer away at the idea of simplicity.In both fiction and non-fiction, there's only one question and one answer. 'What happened?' the reader asks. 'This is what happened,' the writer responds. 'This...and this...and this, too.' Keep it simple. It's the only sure way home.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|ENDURANCEI don't know you,But I love you,Just as God loves me and you.The sun and the moonAre opposing forces,But they still greet each other,Peacefully,As one awakens in the morning,Just as the other goes to sleep.Life has pounded me downAnd thrashed me around,Time and time again,But I always get right back up,Because I still love life -Just as the earth still lovesThe rain.
Delma Pryce, ABOVE AND BEYOND: My Spiritual Journey|Just do what you were going to do, before you said you were going to do it.
Voltaire|There may be fairies at the bottom of the garden. There is no evidence for it, but you can't prove that there aren't any, so shouldn't we be agnostic with respect to fairies?
David Quammen, The Boilerplate Rhino: Nature in the Eye of the Beholder|Of course anyone who truly loves books buys more of them than he or she can hope to read in one fleeting lifetime. A good book, resting unopened in its slot on a shelf, full of majestic potentiality, is the most comforting sort of intellectual wallpaper.
Pearl S. Buck|Every day, my mom and I would watch a different Judy Garland VHS. I love how she tells a story when she sings. It was just about her voice and the words she was singing - no strings attached or silly hair or costumes, just a woman singing her heart out. I feel like that doesn't happen that much anymore.
Michael Leunig|In acting, there's a type of courage you're recognized for all the time. You lose 100 pounds and play a guy with AIDS, and you get rewarded. But, in life, doing what is courageous is quiet, and no one knows about it. Courage is someone making sacrifices for their family or making selfless decisions for what they hope or feel.
Emma Rose Kraus|And as all of us know, it does not matter if the ending has been predetermined, or the demise inevitable, or otherwise on time, or even long overdue. For those who love or even simply fondly know a life; for those who have touched one existence with their own, helping to mould it as it does the same to them, goodbye will always and forever come much, much, much too soon.
Anna Akhmatova, The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova|I’m not weeping, I’m not complaining,Happiness is not for me.
Ellen Barkin|I have my father's lopsided mouth. When I smile, my lips slope to one side. My doctor sister calls it my cerebral palsy mouth. I am very much a daddy's girl, and even though I would rather my smile wasn't crooked, there is something moving for me about having a mouth exactly like my father's.
Periyar E.V. Ramasamy|Man treats woman as his own property and not as being capable of feelings, like himself. The way man treats women is much worse than the way landlords treat servants and the high-caste treat the low-caste. These treat them so demeaningly only in situations mutually affecting them; but men treat cruelly and as slaves, from their birth till death.
Edward O. Sisson, The Essentials of Character|In one sense the whole process of development consists of the formation of habits; for knowledge itself, and the powers of thought, as well as the higher elements in the will, all depend upon the establishment of fixed ways of reacting to given stimuli. Consequently, the general laws of habituation underlie the whole of education. But the term habit is more commonly restricted to those established reactions that act with little or no participation of consciousness, or, in other words, mechanically or automatically. Such habits as these begin to form very early, and constitute a kind of supporting framework for the higher elements of character.
Brom, The Child Thief|The bowler approached the wicket at a lope, a trot, and then a run. He suddenly exploded in a flurry of arms and legs, out of which flew a ball.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|He ran his finger along my jawline and down my neck. "The wait will be fun, but it's not going to be easy.
Jack Kerouac, Desolation Angels|They put spotlights on me standing there in the road in jeans and workclothes, with the big woeful rucksack a-back, and asked:-"Where are you going?" which is precisely what they asked me a year later under Television floodlights in New York, "Where are you going?"-Just as you cant explain to the police, you cant explain to society "Looking for peace.
Stephanie Kuehn, Charm & Strange|You have a history of starving yourself," he says gently.I lift my head. I meet his gaze. "I have a history that I don't like to talk about.
Anonymous|If I could speak all the languages of earth and of angels, but didn't love others, I would only be a noisy gong or a clanging cymbal.
Saad  Salman|Choosing the right career is the most difficult task for a person who is multi-talented and versatile. Because its hard to decide what field to go into, when you are good at too many things.
T.K. Coleman, Freedom Without Permission: How to Live Free in a World That Isn't|The main advantage of being branded ashonest is that people do not fear you. They stop being jealous of you. And, most importantly, people will trust you with key information, important tasks and worthy projects.
Chris Kraus, Torpor|Better, perhaps, to dress like a whore around the clock and thus achieve a fully integrated personality.
Darren H. Pryce|Whatever you can do or think you can begin it; boldness has genius, power and magic in it. Goethe.
Nikki Rowe|I don't know what it is with you, but I somehow become more a woman when ever your around.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|Here all great emotions decay: here only little, dry emotions may rattle!Do you not smell already the slaughter-houses and cook-shops of the spirit? Does this city not reek of the fumes of slaughtered spirit?Do you not see the souls hanging like dirty, limp rags? – And they also make newspapers from these rags!Have you not heard how the spirit has here become a play with words? It vomits our repulsive verbal swill! – And they also make newspapers from this verbal swill.They pursue one another and do not know where. They inflame one another, and do not know why. They rattle their tins, they jingle their gold.They are cold and seek warmth in distilled waters; they are inflamed and seek coolness in frozen spirits; they are all ill and diseased with public opinion.All lusts and vices are at home here; but there are virtuous people here, too, there are many adroit, useful virtues.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Sometimes the Bible in the hand of one man is worse than a whisky bottle in the hand of (another)... There are just some kind of men who - who're so busy worrying about the next world they've never learned to live in this one, and you can look down the street and see the results.
Gijs de Vries|I sought Ben Affleck because I needed an everyman for this role. Ben appeals to men and women. He gives you a sense of intelligence, the notion of a guy who can think on his feet.
Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban|Carpenter: "Call Shen Te, someone! She's good!"Shui Ta: "Certainly. She's ruined.
Charlie Hunnam|Please write music like Wagner, only louder.
Lea Michele|You know, the diversity that America has is so special. It's starting to really become a cool thing for young people.
Anonymous, The Dhammapada|Being vegetarian here also means that we do not consume dairy and egg products, because they are products of the meat industry. If we stop consuming, they will stop producing. Only collective awakening can create enough determination for action.
Nathan Myhrvold|The arts can play a vital role in revitalizing neighborhoods, using and improving vacant space, bringing new jobs and new sense of opportunity, and improving public safety by generating more foot traffic and more eyes on the street.
Richey Edwards|I think we’re romantic people in some ways, but when it comes to relationships it’s not a question of ‘Can you trust another human being?’, so much as a question of trusting yourself. The animalistic nature of man seems to mean that you’re bound to find another people physically attractive. And there’s something dishonest about shutting those feelings off - it seems puritanical to deny yourself that. The idea of sin is still so widely pervading.
Nigel Cumberland, 100 Things Successful People Do: Little Exercises for Successful Living|You do not need to be a millionaire to feel successful or be successful. Financial wealth is only one of many possible indicators of success. However, to achieve your dreams and life goals you’re going to need money. And making it requires financial planning and goalsetting. I do not know of any successful person who has been able to simply ignore their finances.
Brooke Foss Westcott|Great occasions do not make heroes or cowards; they simply unveil them to the eyes of men. Silently and perceptibly, as we wake or sleep, we grow strong or weak; and last some crisis shows what we have become. 
Charbel Tadros|You cannot reach success only by working hard, you also need to be working smart.
Isaac of Nineveh|It is He who is revealed in every face, sought in every sign, gazed upon by every eye, worshipped in every object of worship, and pursued in the unseen and the visible. Not a single one of His creatures can fail to find Him in its primordial and original nature.al-Futûhât al-Makkiyya
John C. Maxwell|If more women are in leadership roles, we'll stop assuming they shouldn't be.
William James|Citizens victimized by genocide or abandoned by the international community do not make good neighbors, as their thirst for vengeance, their irredentism and their acceptance of violence as a means of generating change can turn them into future threats.
Alan Garner|What do you mean by faith? Is faith enough for Man? Should he be satisfied with faith alone? Is there no way of finding out the truth? Is the attitude of faith, of believing in something for which there can be no more than philosophic proof, the true mark of a Christian?
H.E. Davey|Indian forms of yoga have spread throughout the world due to their objectives of promoting health and harmony. Japan is but one of many countries that have received these age-old teachings. While Indian yogic disciplines (Hatha yoga in particular) have become well known, not everyone realizes that certain distinctive Japanese versions of Indian spiritual paths have evolved. Perhaps the first of these unique methodologies is the art of Shin-shin-toitsu-do, which was developed by Nakamura Tempu Sensei (1876–1968). In fact, Nakamura Sensei is often considered to be the father of yoga in Japan.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|For any display of displeasure or anger against injustice and ungodliness, there is a reward and a godly result.
James Patterson, Angel|Who, last time I'd checked, was still on our official archenemy list. (Yes, we have to keep a list. It's kind of sad.)
Maria Firmina dos Reis, Úrsula|She had been the source of all his wealth; she had peopled his plantation with slaves; she had become a great grandmother in his service. She had rocked him in infancy, attended him in childhood, served him through life, and at his death wiped from his icy brow the cold death-sweat, and closed his eyes forever. She was nevertheless left a slave—a slave for life—a slave in the hands of strangers; and in their hands she saw her children, her grandchildren, and her great-grandchildren, divided, like so many sheep, without being gratified with the small privilege of a single word, as to their or her own destiny.
Walt Disney Company|The man who finds that in the course of his life he has done a lot of wrong often wakes up at night in terror, like a child with a nightmare, and his life is full of foreboding: but the man who is conscious of no wrongdoing is filled with cheerfulness and with the comfort of old age.
Gloria Ng|Giving these students, teenagers, any form of power over the use of their own words, allowing them to turn everyday raw material into some form of beauty, is a gift beyond measure.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|By the Angel, this place is barely better than a penny gaff,” Gideon said. “Gabriel, don’t look at anything unless I tell you it’s all right.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|Figs are delicious with soft cheese and ham, Toast is quite scrumptious with butter and jam,Eggs are improved by parsley and salt, But milkshakes are best with strawberries and malt.
Lucy  Holliday, A Night in with Grace Kelly|Oh, well, I know that Libby." He rolls his eyes. "I've never met anyone more committed to, well, life that you are.""Really?" I swallow rather hard. "Even though I keep on screwing my life up?""Sweetheart, precisely because you keep screwing your life up! I mean look at you. You had the crappiest career eve in the world before you turned everything around and became this shit-hot jewellery designer. You set your head on fire with a cigarette and ended up being utterly adored by the guy who had to put you out... And I do adore you, by the way," he adds, in a nonchalant sort of way, "in case you ever had wondered. Oh, and then there's your love of life. Loads of girls would have just sunk...
Tony Dungy, Quiet Strength: The Principles, Practices & Priorities of a Winning Life|I have yet to hear God's audible voice, although I have often felt led by God in more subtle ways.
Christopher Hitchens, Unacknowledged Legislation: Writers in the Public Sphere|Dogma in power does have a unique chilling ingredient not exhibited by power, however ghastly, wielded for its own traditional sake.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|God gives wisdom, knowledge and understanding.
Kevin Hearne, Clan Rathskeller|So such is life that it writes itself, trying to right itself, but there's nothing wrong with it.
Alice Cooper|In Shakespeare's world, characters cannot trust their senses. Is the ghost in Hamlet true and truthful, or is it a demon, tempting young Hamlet into murderous sin? Is Juliet dead or merely sleeping? Does Lear really stand at the edge of a great cliff? Or has the Fool deceived him to save his life?
"Beta" Metani' Marashi|I don't mind being around those who need help and want to be helped, but I don't like to be around those who are unhappy and negative all of time,because they drain you down.
Oswald Chambers|Am I as spontaneously kind to God as I used to be, or am I only expecting God to be kind to me? Am I full of the little things that cheer His heart over me, or am I whimpering because things are going hardly with me? There is no joy in the soul that has forgotten what God prizes.
Bethany-Kris, Demyan & Ana|I’m not an easy lay, I won’t do a one-night stand, and my father is a mob boss with a short temper and a collection of guns. Still want to take me out?” - Ana Avdonin
Martin Luther King, Jr.|Intense love does not measure, it just gives.
Jewel, Never Broken: Songs Are Only Half the Story|It was not impulse.It was not lust.It was not wrath, or boredom, or desperation.People remembered the saints because they had their tokens.
Runaway Bunny|I sung to her at night. Every night. The same song. And she would do this thing, when she would close her eyes. And it felt like she was connecting with the music. That she was depicting every note, every sound, every word. I would watch her, watch her like she was my saving grace, like my angel. And at the chorus, the corners of her thin lips would pull up, and a small grin would form on her face. Her eyes would crinkle, and my heart would drop.
J. Ruth Gendler, The Book of Qualities|The sky is already purple; the first few stars have appeared, suddenly, as if someone had thrown a handful of silver across the edge of the world.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Wildflowers can't be controlled, and neither can the girl with a soul boundless as the sky, and a spirit as free and wild as the ocean.
Billy Crystal|My new movie, Fools Rush In, is a romantic comedy and the girl I play in that is very warm, very sweet.
Dylan Moran|A man who graduated high in his class at Yale Law School and made partnership in a top law firm would be celebrated. A man who invested wisely would be admired, but a woman who accomplishes this is treated with suspicion.
Rupert Friend|I can sing in various genres, but my heart truly lies in singing romantic songs. This has been my forte ever since I was 8 or 9.
Deyth Banger|We all become caricatures of ourselves, if we live long enough
Stephen Hawking|Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.
Victor Shamas|Infinite mercy flows continuallyBut you're asleep and can't see it.The sleeper's robe goes on drinking river waterWhile he frantically hunts mirages in dreamsAnd runs continually here and there shouting,"There'll be water further on, I know!"It's this false thinking that blocks himFrom the path that leads to himself,By always saying, "Further on!"He's become estranged from "here":Because of a false fantasyHe's driven from reality.
Larry Brown|Those who spend the greater part of their time in reading or writing books are, of course, apt to take rather particular notice of accumulations of books when they come across them. They will not pass a stall, a shop, or even a bedroom-shelf without reading some title, and if they find themselves in an unfamiliar library, no host need trouble himself further about their entertainment. The putting of dispersed sets of volumes together, or the turning right way up of those which the dusting housemaid has left in an apoplectic condition, appeals to them as one of the lesser Works of Mercy. Happy in these employments, and in occasionally opening an eighteenth-century octavo, to see 'what it is all about,' and to conclude after five minutes that it deserves the seclusion it now enjoys, I had reached the middle of a wet August afternoon at Betton Court...-the beginning of the story "A Neighbor's Landmark
Maija Haavisto, The Atlas Moth|Philip looked incredulously at the tiny bundle in Johnny’s arms. He reached out a hand tentatively, and lifted a corner of the blanket. He saw a wrinkled pink face, an open toothless mouth and a little bald head—a miniature of an aging monk.
Michael Scheuer|In 'Chappie,' you see this sort of young robot that's learning through maybe 'deep learning' how to see the world really, look out into the world, and learn step by step. What's so interesting is that with 'Chappie,' you're getting to see how human behavior reacts to artificial intelligence, and I don't think it's always going to be positive.
Chris Galford, At Faith's End|Say what you will, dear sister, we do what we do for the promise of our youth. Yet it is always they who scar beneath the points of daggers.
Dada Bhagwan|There is no such thing as relationships in this world. It is really a self-created net. Do these cows-buffalos have any relationships? They don’t have a mother-in-law, no father-in-law...
Huang Po, The Zen Teaching of Huang Po: On the Transmission of Mind|Observe things as they are and don't pay attention to other people. There are some people just like mad dogs barking at everything that moves, even barking when the wind stirs among the grass and leaves.
Gareth Bale|Rich and famous is not bad, but poor and famous sucks.
Farrah Fawcett|Charm, in most men and nearly all women, is a decoration.
Cornelius Vanderbilt|Boxing is the only sport you can get your brain shook, your money took and your name in the undertaker book.
Earl R. Smith II, Zen Mentoring: Forty Meditations|When you are a young person, you are like a young creek, and you meet many rocks, many obstacles and difficulties on your way. You hurry to get past these obstacles and get to the ocean. But as the creek moves down through the fields, it becomes larges and calmer and it can enjoy the reflection of the sky. It's wonderful. You will arrive at the sea anyway so enjoy the journey. Enjoy the sunshine, the sunset, the moon, the birds, the trees, and the many beauties along the way. Taste every moment of your daily life.
G.K. Chesterton, Eugenics and Other Evils: An Argument Against the Scientifically Organized State|ask yourself how many people you have met who grumbled at a thing as incurable, and how many who attacked it as curable? How many people we have heard abuse the British elementary schools, as they would abuse the British climate? How few have we met who realized that British education can be altered, but British weather cannot?...For a thousand that regret compulsory education, where is the hundred, or the ten, or the one, who would repeal compulsory education? …At the beginning of our epoch men talked with equal ease about Reform and Repeal. Now everybody talks about reform; nobody talks about repeal.
Andrea Thompson|There are those who believe that the value of a children's book can be measured only in terms of the moral lessons it tries to impose or the perfect role models it offers. Personally, I happen to think that a book is of extraordinary value if it gives the reader nothing more than a smile or two. In fact, I happen to think that's huge.
Madeleine Thien, Do Not Say We Have Nothing|The only life that matters is in your mind. The only truth is the one that lives invisibly, that waits even after you close the book. Silence, too, is a kind of music. Silence will last.
Justin Bieber|I've got two daughters who will have to make their way in this skinny-obsessed world, and it worries me, because I don't want them to be empty-headed, self-obsessed, emaciated clones; I'd rather they were independent, interesting, idealistic, kind, opinionated, original, funny – a thousand things, before 'thin'. And frankly, I'd rather they didn't give a gust of stinking chihuahua flatulence whether the woman standing next to them has fleshier knees than they do. Let my girls be Hermiones, rather than Pansy Parkinsons. Let them never be Stupid Girls.
A.R. Ammons, Brink Road|I’ve pressed sofar away frommy desire thatif you askedme what Iwant I would,accepting the harmoniouscompletion of thedrift, say annihilation,probably.
Richelle E. Goodrich|The question why I don't shake hand with someone,A reason is Behind;Scumbags call it Attitude but they really don't know its actually the antimatter Waqas is composed of.
Gangai Victor|The root of all virtue and grace, of all faith and acceptable worship, is that we know that we have nothing but what we receive, and bow in deepest humility to wait upon God for it.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|He did not care if she was heartless, vicious and vulgar, stupid and grasping, he loved her. He would rather have misery with one than happiness with the other.
Walter Cronkite|When you become famous at 19, it does a number in your head, so you find romance in the mundane - isn't it so great that a guy would pick me up at my house and take me to a restaurant?
Carl Henegan|We tend to believe that God's commands are given to us merely for our own sake. But this is not true. As those created in the image of God, our very nature as image bearers explains the reasons behind God's commands.
Jakob Bohme|The Occupy movement found places where people who were feeling that anger could come and share it - and that is, as we all know, extremely important in any political movement. The Occupy sites became a way you could gauge the levels of anger and discontent.
Lev Grossman|Most people carry that pain around inside them their whole lives, until they kill the pain by other means, or until it kills them. But you, my friends, you found another way: a way to use the pain. To burn it as fuel, for light and warmth. You have learned to break the world that has tried to break you.
Kourosh Dini, Creating Flow with OmniFocus - Second Edition|When fishermen cannot go to sea, they repair nets.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you ever desire to give birth to anything at all, then you cannot do without solitude.
Joris-Karl Huysmans, Against Nature|Goya’s savage verve, his harsh, brutal genius, captivated Des Esseintes. On the other hand, the universal admiration his works had won rather put him off, and for years he had refrained from framing them, for fear that if he hung them up, the first idiot who saw them would might feel obliged to dishonour them with a few inanities and go into stereotyped ecstasies over them.
Adam Silvera, More Happy Than Not|They say you start weaving clearer, sharper memories after you've been to a place at least twice. Because then the reflection is more of validation. Let the rush come to you and let your senses be flushed the first time. There will be time for reflection after you've had your fill.
Charles Duhigg|I've given up coffee, made diet changes.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|I'm such a strong human being. I amaze myself even. If only you knew what I've been up against, you'd want my autograph. I'm a real life superhero.
Darlenne Susan Girard, freefalling|Some people think it’s a jungle out here. It’s not… It’s a fucking zoo!" - excerpt from: freefalling
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|Happiness is not a possession to be prized, it is a quality of thought, a state of mind.
Basma Salem, The Art Of Black|You draw characters speaking loud and clear but you’re not hearing them.” her mother told her, then she kissed her forehead and mumbled how she liked her art and went downstairs. Cecilia wrote these words on her bedroom wall, just behind her headboard for no one to see it but herself to know that it exists.
Confucius, The Analects|On various occasions, especially in trying to think of western American history in the context of the worldwide history of colonialism, it has struck me that much of the mental behavior that we sometimes denounce as ethnocentrism and cultural insensitivity actually derives less from our indifference or hostility than from our clumsiness and awkwardness when we leave the comfort of the English language behind... [V]enturing outside the bounds of the English language exercises and stretches our minds in ways that are essential for getting as close as we can to the act of seeing the world from what would otherwise remain unfamiliar and alien perspectives.
Lisa Kleypas, Sugar Daddy|Asking an eight-year-old girl if something is a little over-the-top is like asking a Texan if there are too many jalapenos in the salsa. The answer is always no." -Liberty Jones
Debasish Mridha|When you are in peace with you, you will find the peace everywhere you go.
DB Reynolds|I recalled with some discomfort that the man driving the vehicle had invented the sport of volcano boarding, presumably as a way of solving, in one deft move, the problems of the insufficient riskiness of both snowboarding and hanging out on the slopes of active volcanoes. Although I was not sure that I wanted to live forever, I was sure that I didn’t want to go down in a blaze of chintzy irony, plunging into a ravine strapped into the passenger seat of a thing called the Immortality Bus.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|Our moments are music, and sometimes – just sometimes – we can catch them and put them into some lasting form. If we didn’t have music, I don’t think we could ever be truly happy, and if we didn’t have special moments, we would never find music.
Claire North, The End of the Day|What is the purpose of history? It seeds only hate. All the history books should be burnt, so that we are no longer the peoples of our lands, but merely peoples...
Sara Raasch, Snow Like Ashes|I have been too young to know, and I have been too old to care. It’s in that oh so narrow slice between that memories are made.
Amy Neftzger, The Orphanage of Miracles|Zoos are becoming facsimiles - or perhaps caricatures - of how animals once were in their natural habitat. If the right policies toward nature were pursued, we would need no zoos at all.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Like a gift, beautifully wrapped at the foot of your bed each morning, today asks that you open it and enjoy everything inside. Exhaust yourself with all it has to offer!
Tandec2016|We're here to work, not to make friends,
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|I hate Risk. I have for many years now. I hate that you still like Risk. I hate that you guilt me into playing with you because no one else will. I hate that you do the accents of the countries you’re attacking from. And I hate that you wear a beret every time we play. God, do I hate the beret.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|Je hay entre autres vices, cruellement la cruauté, et par nature et par jugement, comme l'extreme de tous les vices.
Steven Adams|Science and art, or by the same token, poetry and prose differ from one another like a journey and an excursion. The purpose of the journey is its goal, the purpose of an excursion is the process.
Edgar Allan Poe, Eleonora|Men have called me mad; but the question is not settled whether madness is or is not the loftiest intelligence -- whether much that is glorious -- whether all that is profound -- does not spring from disease of thought -- from moods of mind exalted at the expense of the general intellect. They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who only dream by night. In their gray visions they obtain glimpses of eternity, and thrill, in waking, to find that they have been upon the verge of the great secret. In snatches, they learn something of the wisdom which is of good, and more of the mere knowledge which is of evil. They penetrate, however rudderless or compassless, into the vast ocean of the ‘light ineffable’.
Compton Gage|I went into a forest into a plain, and the trees took counsel- And said, Come, let us go and make war against the sea that it may depart away before us, and that we may make us more woods. The floods of the sea also in like manner took counsel, and said, Come, let us go up and subdue the woods of the plain, that there also we may make us another country. The thought of the wood was in vain, for the fire came and consumed it. The thought of the floods of the sea came likewise to nought, for the sand stood up and stopped them. If thou wart judge now betwixt these two, whom would thou begin to justify? or whom would thou condemn?
Ralph Nader, The Seventeen Traditions|I won't say that all senior citizens who can't master technology should be publicly flogged, but if we made an example of one or two, it might give the others incentive to try harder.
Sandhya Menon, When Dimple Met Rishi|You're going to see a lot of it. People getting ahead unfairly because of the category into which they were born: male or white or straight or rich. I'm in a few of those categories myself, which is why I make it a point to reach out and help those who aren't, those who might not necessarily be seen if I didn't make the effort. We need to shake this field up, you know? We need more people with different points of view and experiences and thought processes so we can keep innovating and moving ahead.
Marty Rubin|We would survive even ourselves, as long as we were together.
Casey Gray|In more than half of American homes where there are both children and firearms, according to a 2000 study, the weapons are in an unlocked place, and in more than 40 percent of homes, guns without a trigger lock are in an unlocked place. Almost three-quarters of children under the age of ten who live in homes with guns say they know where the guns are. A 2005 study showed that more than 1.69 million children and youth under eighteen live in homes with weapons that are loaded and unlocked. According to a Department of Education study, 65% of school shootings between 1974 and 2000 were carried out with a gun from the attacker's home or the home of a relative. And the laws, it seems, are effective. One study indicated that in the twelve states where child-access prevention laws were on the books for at least one year, unintentional gun deaths fell by 23 percent.
Courtney Kuchta|I think music is the greatest art form that exists, and I think people listen to music for different reasons, and it serves different purposes. The best songs are the ones that make you feel something
Neil deGrasse Tyson|If the United States commits to the goal of reaching Mars, it will almost certainly do so in reaction to the progress of other nations - as was the case with NASA, the Apollo program, and the project that became the International Space Station.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|IQ's are a combination of eyes, and queues. Would you wait in line to see my goat show? Of course you wouldn't, because the line is invisible.
Mahavira|The remedy for life's broken pieces is not classes, workshops or books. Don't try to heal the broken pieces. Just forgive.
Jeanette Winterson, The Stone Gods|I looked out across the Ocean, and determined to drown myself.I was up to my chin when the shout came, and I will never forget it. Never. For it seems to me that any hope in life is such a shout; a voice that answers the silent place of despair. It is silence that most needs an answering — when I can no longer speak, hear me.
Emmanuelle de Maupassant, Cautionary Tales: Voices from the Edges|Like other corrupt people, he would never realize that his punishment was in missing out on what he didn’t know he could have.
Jeff Bridges|For me, growing up, the downside of it was that as a kid you don't want to stand out. You don't want to have a famous father let alone get a job because of your famous father, you know? But I'm a product of nepotism. That's how I got my foot in the door, through my dad.
Christopher Hitchens|In ridiculing a pathetic human fallacy, which seeks explanation where none need be sought and which multiplies unnecessary assumptions, one should not mimic primitive ontology in order to challenge it. Better to dispose of the needless assumption altogether. This holds true for everything from Noah's flood to the Holocaust.
Charles Bukowski, Women|Strangers when you meet, strangers when you part -a gymnasium of bodies namelessly masturbating each other. People with no morals often considered themselves more free, but mostly they lacked the ability to feel or to love. So they became swingers. The dead fucking the dead. There was no gamble or humor in their game -it was corpse fucking corpse. Morals were restrictive, but they were grounded on human experience down through the centuries. Some morals tended to keep people slaves in factories, in churches and true to the State. Other morals simply made good sense. It was like a garden filled with poisoned fruit and good fruit. You had to know which to pick and eat, which to leave alone.
Lynne Sharon Schwartz, Ruined By Reading: A Life in Books|There is a coherent plan to the universe, though I don't know what it's a plan for.
Susan Andersen, Baby, I'm Yours|Don't become a grumpy old dater! Life ids for living, laughing and loving!Stop searching, start finding!
Dennis Lehane, Shutter Island|She said once that time is nothing to me but a series of bookmarks that I use to jump back and forth through the text of my life, returning again and again to the events that mark me in the eyes of my more astute colleagues, as bearing all the characteristics of the classic melancholic.
George Lakoff|The body is a big sagacity, a plurality with one sense, a war and a peace, a flock and a shepherd.
Abbe Pierre|People always underestimate the impact of technology. To give you an example: In the 1970s the frontier for offshore development was 200 meters, today it is 4,000 meters.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|Like light and shadow, love and hate were inseparable. One could not exist without the other.
John Ralston Saul, Voltaire's Bastards: The Dictatorship of Reason in the West|A Dickens character to me is a theatrical projection of a character. Not that it isn't real. It's real, but in that removed sense. But Sherlock Holmes is simply there. I would be astonished if I went to 221 1/2 B Baker Street and didn't find
Carter F. Smith, Gangs and the Military: Gangsters, Bikers, and Terrorists with Military Training|Congress has mandated an annual report on street gang, outlaw biker, and domestic extremist activity in the military since 2008.
Pawan Mishra|The art wouldn’t complain if we leave her alone. Losing a touch with art, however, is losing a touch with our imagination.
Janice Kaplan, The Gratitude Diaries: How a Year Looking on the Bright Side Can Transform Your Life|They have no imagination. A tail is just a tail to them, just a little something extra in the back.
Theodore Roosevelt, The Man In The Arena:  Speeches and Essays by Theodore Roosevelt|Wide differences of opinion in matters of religious, political, and social belief must exist if conscience and intellect alike are not to be stunted, if there is to be room for healthy growth.
Michael Grant, Gone|Don't be a bully, don't be meanBe a hero, don't be afraid to be seen.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Fulfil the needs of the soul, which travels beyond the death and which will survive the extinction of the world.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, All of Grace|It is not great faith, but true faith, that saves; and the salvation lies not in the faith, but in the Christ in whom faith trusts...It is not the measure of faith, but the sincerity of faith, which is the point to be considered.
Junaid Raza|If you have a talent, use it in every which way possible. Don’t hoard it. Don’t dole it out like a miser. Spend it lavishly like a millionaire intent on going broke.
Kenneth Eade, Decree of Finality|It’s not going to be easy, but it’s kind of like ripping off a band-aid. Painful for a minute, but it has to be done.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|When you are in your twenties, if even if you're confused and uncertain about your aims and purposes, you have a strong sense of what life itself is, and of what you in life are, and might become.
Tate Hallaway, Tall, Dark  &  Dead|Let me get this straight. I can't take the vampire with me because if I remove the stake, he can kill us all. Now I can't take the girl because she's what? some kind of ninja witch?
Mehmet Murat ildan|There is a cosmic river flowing from the Sun to the Earth and to everywhere: The Sunlight, the holiest of the holy rivers! Enemy of Darkness is the best friend of existence! Touch the sunlight with a strong love because light itself made that love possible!
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in reading a good novel, must be incredibly stupid
John Milton, Paradise Lost|There are a lot of bad things out there. Things the Hounds of Heaven werecreated to destroy." He trailed his finger down the side of my face. "I can't be the hero you wantme to be--at least not in that way. But you can, Grace. You don't have to become one of the darkones. You can fight it. You can turn this curse into a blessing. You can become the hero. Youcan become truly divine.
Mensah Oteh|Never allow your life to be dictated by what you can see by sight, be guided by your inner vision.
Nikolai Gogol|Wise sayings often fall on barren ground, but a kind word is never thrown away.
Sunday Adelaja|After coming to God and being revived spiritually, every person should grow spiritually
Malcolm X|Once upon a time black male “cool” was defined by the ways in which black men confronted hardships of life without allowing their spirits to be ravaged. They took the pain of it and used it alchemically to turn the pain into gold. That burning process required high heat. Black male cool was defined by the ability to withstand the heat and remain centered. It was defined by black male willingness to confront reality, to face the truth, and bear it not by adopting a false pose of cool while feeding on fantasy; not by black male denial or by assuming a “poor me” victim identity. It was defined by individual black males daring to self-define rather than be defined by others.
Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment|Between two brains, there will always be misunderstandings and lies caused by parasitic smells, drafts and poor-quality reception.
Jeremy Stoppelman|Modern technology has taken the angst out of achieving the perfect shot. For me, the only thing that counts is the idea behind the image: what you want to see and what you're trying to say. The idea is crucial. You have to think of something you want to say and expand upon it.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Everybody is a writer. Everybody has a hand. Everybody has a story. Everybody writes stories of life from dawn to dusk. Everybody has a pen. Everybody has inks. These are the inks for writing the stories of life: words, thoughts, actions and deeds! The pen is important, but the ink in the pen determines the color of the writing! The pen is important, but the hand that holds the pen determines the style of the writing! Whether we choose our words well or not; whether we choose to think well or not; whether we choose our actions well or not; whether we choose to do good or not, we write a story of life, and we remain accountable to God in the end!
Mykyta Isagulov|I once had a drinking contest with an artist on his yacht... It amused him as I took shot after shot, and I realized that this was the reason he'd invited us, his amusement. Looking back, I thought he didn't expect we'd have anything to say, that my questions about the artist's purpose, his existential quest for self in a communally-brutalized past, were not as amusing as they were thought-provoking, but I'll never know. As I swayed like a sailor in drunken bitterness, I felt something had been sacrificed to his art. He'd gone so far out on that boat there was no way for him to come back. I felt he no longer existed and was just the faded intention of color on canvas. His humanity had surely been washed away with the paint thinner.
bell hooks, remembered rapture: the writer at work|The act of giving voice to this spiritual suffering is, in my view, the sacred duty of the writer.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|[Present over perfect is] about rejecting the myth that every day is a new opportunity to prove our worth, and about the truth that our worth is inherent, given by God, not earned by our hustling.
Daniel Handler, Why We Broke Up|Anger can kill, even a feather gently blowing in the wind.
China Miéville, This Census-Taker|Houses built on bridges are scandals. A bridge wants to not be. If it could choose its shape, a bridge would be no shape, an unspace to link One-place-town to Another-place-town over a river or a road or a tangle of railway tracks or a quarry, or to attach an island to another island or to the continent from which it strains. The dream of a bridge is of a woman standing at one side of a gorge and stepping out as if her job is to die, but when her foot falls it meets the ground right on the other side. A bridge is just better than no bridge but its horizon is gaplessness, and the fact of itself should still shame it. But someone had built on this bridge, drawn attention to its matter and failure. An arrogance that thrilled me.
Will Smith|Saul was going to kill Anansi.They both knew it. Saul was going to kill Anansi and Loplop and King Rat, and Saul was going to die, all in an effort to prove that he was not his rat-father's son.
Dada Bhagwan|One has thieving intention himself, otherwise no one can ever steal from him; no one can ever rob him. One’s own intention does the stealing; the thief is simply instrumental (nimit) in that. Really, the account is one’s own.
Bernhard Schlink|When he answered, he went all the way back to beginnings. He instructed me about the individual, about freedom and dignity, about the human being as subject and the fact that one may not turn him into an object. “Don’t you remember how furious you would get as a little boy when Mama knew better what was good for you? Even how far one can act like this with children is a real problem. It is a philosophical problem, but philosophy does not concern itself with children. It leaves them to pedagogy, where they’re not in very good hands. Philosophy has forgotten about children.” He smiled at me. “Forgotten them forever, not just sometimes, the way I forget about you.”“But . . .”“But with adults I see absolutely no justification for setting other people’s views of what is good for them above their own ideas of what is good for themselves.”“Not even if they themselves are happy about it later?”He shook his head. “We’re not talking about happiness, we’re talking about dignity and freedom. Even as a little boy, you knew the difference. It was no comfort to you that your mother was always right.
Corey Aaron Burkes|If you want something done, you'll have to dream it yourself.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Action, not philosophy will get you going. Pick yourself up and move forward. That is the only way you can still enjoy life while you are blessed to be living it.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|General..behold the future of weaponry.""What the hell I am seeing here, Colonel?""It's..technologart of ancient weaponry, Sir!""It's..what?
Paul David Tripp, Instruments in the Redeemer's Hands: People in Need of Change Helping People in Need of Change|When the Bible itself becomes irksome, inquire whether you have not been spoiling your appetite by sweetmeats and renounce them; and believe that the Word is the wire along which the voice of God will certainly come to you if the heart is hushed and the attention fixed.
Leonard Susskind|I find the aristocratic parts of London so unattractive and angular; the architecture is so white and gated. But in New York, it's different - even uptown it's really grand, and there's no real segregation there. It's all mixed up.
Steve Goodier|We could all do with a bit more joy in our lives couldn't we? The wonderful thing is that when we start spreading joy, we begin to actually experience more joy in our lives too!
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|Words are very powerful," Miss Possibelf said, stepping lightly between the rows of desk. "And they take on more power the more they're spok
Augustine of Hippo|There can only be two basic loves... the love of God unto the forgetfulness of self, or the love of self unto the forgetfulness and denial of God.
Deb Olin Unferth, Vacation|Better than other people.' Sometimes he says: 'That, at least, you are.' But more often: 'Why should you be? Either you are what you can be, or you are not - like other people.
Kelly Moran, Counterbalance|Lord, but did he grow up nice.
Marianne Wiggins, Evidence of Things Unseen|The future is the one thing you can count on not abandoning you, kid, he’d said. The future will always finds you. Stand still, and it will find you. The way the land just has run to sea.
Nyogen Senzaki|Whatever the world dishes up, we take it on--not on our own terms, but on the world's.
L. Frank Baum, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz|Loyalty cannot be blueprinted. It cannot be produced on an assembly line. In fact, it cannot be manufactured at all, for its origin is the human heart -- the center of self-respect and human dignity. It is a force which leaps into being only when conditions are exactly right for it -- and it is a force very sensitive to betrayal.
Satya Nadella|For citizens to become fully engaged in holding their leadership to account, accurate information is required to see where action is needed, to measure the results of policies and programmes, to build support for courageous decisions and to consolidate political legitimacy.
Amit Kalantri|If you fulfill the wishes of your employees, the employees will fulfill your visions.
A.R. Ammons|Poetry leads us to the unstructured sources of our beings, to the unknown, and returns us to our rational, structured selves refreshed. Having once experienced the mystery, plenitude, contradiction, and composure of a work of art, we afterward have a built-in resistance to the slogans and propaganda of oversimplification that have often contributed to the destruction of human life. Poetry is a verbal means to a nonverbal source. It is a motion to no-motion, to the still point of contemplation and deep realization.
Jon Scieszka, Funny Business|But comes a time for a woman when she stops thinking of herself as a girl, as a person of possibilities. She starts looking at the plain facts of herself. Her body that’s become the body that she has and her habits becoming the habits that she’s written in stone. Her “haves” being the ones she’s got and maybe not getting anymore.
Morris Gleitzman|You'll find that great artists don't love, live, fuck or even die like ordinary people. Because they always have their art. It nourishes them more than any connection to people. Whatever human tragedy befalls them, they're never too gutted, because they need only to pour the tragedy into their vat, stir in the other lurid ingredients, blast it over a fire. What emerges will be even more magnificent than if the tragedy had never occurred.
Ana Ortega|A typical Celestine will devote a large proportion of their time to passing through the inscribed sectors of the planet studying the writings, either alone or accompanied by companions with whom to share comments. This is a favourite pastime among them, and as they travel towards the boundaries of the inscribed regions they can watch the ongoing work of those Celestines that have been chosen to record their ideas – tirelessly twisting, pausing to gather energy, then exerting themselves again; painstakingly working the same patch of dust several thousand times over to shape each individual furrow; to capture, symbol by symbol, the knowledge they have contributed to the Celestine corpus. There is great pride and precision, as well as immense labour, in their toil. Before they commence work, the piece of ground that will house the writing will be chosen very carefully for its aspect. Then, the most favourable angle to the light will be calculated, for the orientation of the wording. The language used is of the most poetic and grandiose sort, quite different from the vernacular, and the symbols themselves are embellished with flourishes, extravagances and curlicues that are unique to the creator. Celestines love to observe this work, which constitutes the pinnacle of their art and of their ceaseless thought-endeavours, and embodies their very reason for being.
Douglas Adams, The Original Hitchhiker Radio Scripts|Same as you, Arthur. I hitched a ride. After all, with a degree in maths and another in astrophysics it was either that or back to the dole queue on Monday. Sorry I missed the Wednesday lunch date, but I was in a black hole all morning.
Shane K.P. O'Neill|He breathed in hard. The stench of blood filled his lungs. Only now, for the first time, could he truly appreciate it.
C.S. Lewis, On Stories: And Other Essays on Literature|We look up to see if it is day or night. If stars burn cool and moon does shine, we take to smoke divine and wine. If breath of sun does belch its heat, we boil coffee and prepare to eat.
Sándor Márai, Embers|Evidently one endures anything, provided one has a goal.
Karen A. Chase|I write entirely to find out what I'm thinking, what I'm looking at, what I see and what it means. What I want and what I fear>
Brian L. Weiss, Many Lives, Many Masters: The True Story of a Prominent Psychiatrist, His Young Patient, and the Past Life Therapy That Changed Both Their Lives|Focusing on the past is only a barricade to the future. Once you overcome that barricade, the possibilities are endless.
Julie Lessman, A Hope Undaunted|You can. It's not a matter of feeling it, it's a matter of doing it - making the decision to bend that iron will of yours in God's direction so that He can hear your prayers and unleash blessings.
Etgar Keret, The Seven Good Years|Experience has taught me that there are some situations in which it's better to keep quiet. That is, I tried to keep quiet. Life gives me good advice, but sometimes I refuse to take it.
Anne M. Chappel, Zanzibar Uhuru: revolution, two women and the challenge of survival|Deep in the heart of the hot, wet African rainforest, there lives a tribe of peacemakers who share a multiplicity of pleasures and make a very special kind of love. South of the sprawling Congo River, in the midst of war-ravaged territory, some 2,000 miles from the arid Ethiopian desert where the oldest human fossils have been found, lies this lush and steamy jungle paradise, the only natural habitat of the bonobo.
Amit Kalantri|Give royal treatment to your original magic effects, because one of the effects might make you the king of magic.
Robert Goolrick|As you have been on the road, what have you been hearing from readers about A RELIABLE WIFE?RG: The most interesting question came from a young man in his 30s who asked me to discuss the relationship between love and aging. We think when we’re young that, as we get older, our passions and enthusiasms will fade, will lose their hold on us, and we will enter into some more gentle phase. I don’t find it to be true. Our passions, in fact, intensify, like a sauce that has been reduced to its essence by long slow simmering over a low flame.
George Orwell, Animal Farm|Bad men need nothing more to compass their ends, than that good men should look on and do nothing.
M.F. Moonzajer|People with power do not regulate their behavior as much. They become egocentric and preoccupied with their own self-interest, which eclipses their awareness of the interests of others.
Anthony T.Hincks|At the end, everyone just wants to be themselves.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Minor Adjustment Beauty Salon|She would not allow herself to remember how Note had treated her, and many others too, she suspected. She had forgiven him, yes, but she still did not like to remember. And perhaps a deliberate act of forgetting went along with forgiveness. You forgave, and then you said to yourself: Now I shall forget. Because if you did not forget, then your forgiveness would be tested, perhaps many times and in ways that you could not resist, and you might go back to anger, and to hating.
Karen Kingsbury|Wish for the happiness of your enemies, for if they are happy, they are your enemy no more.
Swami Vivekananda|If you believe in existence, you will refuse to be a hero!
Dave Champion|World is beautiful but it is dangerous place to live, there is so much evil behind a normal person.
Josie Maran|It is the hour to be drunken! to escape being the martyred slaves of time, be ceaselessly drunk. On wine, on poetry, or on virtue, as you wish.
Ana Castillo, The Mixquiahuala Letters|The Industrial Revolution appears to be in its final stages and it will be remembered as a time where industrial stock markets were at historic highs at the same time that many natural processes were shutting down, including the next generation of humans.
Gift Gugu Mona|For the only way one can speak of nothing is to speak of it as though it were something, just as the only way one can speak of God is to speak of him as though he were a man, which to be sure he was, in a sense, for a time, and as the only way one can speak of a man, even our anthropologists have realised that, is to speak of him as though he were a termite.
Jerry Snider, Buddy Bloom Wildflower: A Tale of Struggle and Celebration|At the end of everyday , you stand closer to your Goal.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|Holding Eleanor's hand was like holding a butterfly. Or a heartbeat. Like holding something complete, and completely alive.
Henri Bergson, Laughter: An Essay on the Meaning of the Comic|When you loose your power to laugh, you loose your power to think straight.
Umberto Eco, Postscript to the Name of the Rose|Rem tene, verba sequentur: grasp the subject, and the words will follow. This, I believe, is the opposite of what happens with poetry, which is more a case of verba tene, res sequenter: grasp the words, and the subject will follow.
Henry Fonda|Oh, it is wonderful to know that our Heavenly Father loves us - even with all our flaws! His love is such that even should we give up on ourselves, He never will.
Junot Diaz|Skill is the unified force of experience, intellect and passion in their operation.
Anne Lamott, Operating Instructions: A Journal of My Son's First Year|The greatest change we need to make is from consumption to production, even if on a small scale, in our own gardens. If only 10% of us do this, there is enough for everyone. Hence the futility of revolutionaries who have no gardens, who depend on the very system they attack, and who produce words and bullets, not food and shelter.
Margaret Atwood|Romance takes place in the middle distance. Romance is looking in at yourself through a window clouded with dew. Romance means leaving things out: where life grunts and shuffles, romance only sighs.
John Kasich, Every Other Monday: Twenty Years of Life, Lunch, Faith, and Friendship|Explaining a professor's emphasis on teaching over research: "She traded clinical questions with determinable answers for perennial questions with inexhaustible answers.
Lori Hatcher|If fretting was an Olympic sport, I’d own the gold medal
Albert Camus, The Fall|If I owe a person money, and cannot pay him, and he threatens to put me in prison, another person can take the debt upon himself, and pay it for me. But if I have committed a crime, every circumstance of the case is changed. Moral justice cannot take the innocent for the guilty even if the innocent would offer itself. To suppose justice to do this, is to destroy the principle of its existence, which is the thing itself. It is then no longer justice. It is indiscriminate revenge.
William A.  Adams, Mastering Leadership: An Integrated Framework for Breakthrough Performance and Extraordinary Business Results|If you want to break through to higher levels of performance, you must allow yourself to be restructured.
Muhammad Ali|God did not create humans to be confused about God, Humans confused humans about God
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|When the word is heard consult the source, and beware the messenger.
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|Having a large world of his own in his own head and heart, he tolerated confinement to a small, still corner of the real world very patiently.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|But I find something compelling in the game's choreography, the way one move implies the next. The kings are an apt metaphor for human beings: utterly constrained by the rules of the game, defenseless against bombardment from all sides, able only to temporarily dodge disaster by moving one step in any direction.
Haruki Murakami, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running|Crossing the starting line may be an act of courage, but crossing the finish line is an act of faith. Faith is what kepes us going when nothing else will. Faith is the emotion that will give you victory over your past, the demons in your soul, & all of those voices that tell you what you can & cannot do & can & cannot be.
Morgan Matson, Second Chance Summer|I kept thinking back to all those nights in Connecticut, when I was out the door as soon as dinner was over, yelling my plans behind me as I headed to my car, ready for my real night to begin—my time with my family just something to get through as quickly as possible. And now that I knew that the time we had together was limited, I was holding on to it, trying to stretch it out, all the while wishing I’d appreciated what I’d had earlier.
Orlando Bloom|Steve McQueen is my style hero. He's just cool, isn't he?
Alex Bosworth, Chip Chip Chaw!|Everything I write is sinful, full of lies, especially the big one, the one you go to hell for: pretending not to be a fool.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|I have had unformed ideas of striving afresh, beginning anew, shaking off sloth and sensuality, and fighting out the abandoned fight. A dream, all a dream, that ends in nothing, and leaves the sleeper where he lay down, but I wish you to know that you inspired it.
Athanasius of Alexandria, On the Incarnation|When he admires the man he calls his father--a man who is slightly above 'the scum of the earth', what does that say about the man who admire him?
G.S. Jennsen, Abysm|I can’t be 100 per cent sure about the whole death thing as I’m still here,
Debasish Mridha|To make it a perfect season, let us feel joy and love everyone without a reason.
Stan Slap|Bury My Heart is "a life-altering approach to turning managers into unconditionally committed leaders.
Peter Medawar|How have people come to be taken in by The Phenomenon of Man? We must not underestimate the size of the market for works of this kind [pseudoscience/'woo'], for philosophy-fiction. Just as compulsory primary education created a market catered for by cheap dailies and weeklies, so the spread of secondary and latterly tertiary education has created a large population of people, often with well-developed literary and scholarly tastes, who have been educated far beyond their capacity to undertake analytical thought.
Aimee Bender, The Particular Sadness of Lemon Cake|I started in our neighborhood, buying a pastrami burrito at Oki Dog and a deluxe gardenburger at Astro Burger and matzoh-ball soup at Greenblatt's and some greasy egg rolls at the Formosa. In part funny, and rigid, and sleepy, and angry. People. Then I made concentric circles outward, reaching first to Canter's and Pink's, then rippling farther, tofu at Yabu and mole at Alegria and sugok at Marouch; the sweet-corn salad at Casbah in Silver Lake and Rae's charbroiled burgers on Pico and the garlicky hummus at Carousel in Glendale. I ate an enormous range of food, and mood. Many favorites showed up- families who had traveled far and whose dishes were steeped with the trials of passageways. An Iranian cafe near Ohio and Westwood had such a rich grief in the lamb shank that I could eat it all without doing any of my tricks- side of the mouth, ingredient tracking, fast-chew and swallow. Being there was like having a good cry, the clearing of the air after weight has been held. I asked the waiter if I could thank the chef, and he led me to the back, where a very ordinary-looking woman with gray hair in a practical layered cut tossed translucent onions in a fry pan and shook my hand. Her face was steady, faintly sweaty from the warmth of the kitchen.Glad you liked it, she said, as she added a pinch of saffron to the pan. Old family recipe, she said. No trembling in her voice, no tears streaking down her face.
Arzum Uzun, Nerdesin Aşkım?|I spit out to my heart and my mind. when you collect them together, they can not show the resistance of an average dick.
K.J. Kilton, Bella's Dilemma|They say love is eternal...They say love is enduring. It always protects,always trust,always hopes,always perseveres.Love never fails...It is one of my favorite passages in the bible...There is a quality about that kind of love that transcends our mortal understanding.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|When we are writing or painting or composing, we are, during the time of creativity, freed from normal restrictions and opened to a wider world, where colours are brighter, sounds clearer, and people more wondrously complex than we normally realize.
Susan McCutcheon, Natural Childbirth the Bradley Way|I entered literary life as a meteor, and I shall leave it like a thunder
David Duchovny, Bucky F*cking Dent|...I wondered at times whether I would wake up and this would be just a bad dream, a nightmare that I could wish away, I had the same fantasy when you were sick, Doc, that I would one day wake up and you all would be healthy and alive.
A.S. Byatt|I'd been so fascinated by the notion, that I'd forgotten to measure what it was bringing forth. I'd been asleep, dreaming.
Pat Condell, Freedom Is My Religion|In a democracy, of course, you always get a choice:Do you want to be governed by the red or by the blue? It's entirely up to you.Do you want to be patronized or condescended to by liars or by crooks? You get to choose.Would you prefer your fundamental values to be insulted or ignored by con men or by charlatans?In short, do you want your influence to be zero or nil?And when would you like to be listened to, never or not at all?It's your choice. Do you want some more choice?Take it or leave it. Now there's a real choice.
RVM|Do you earn for others to burn? Why not GIVE as you LIVE, so that when you die, the world will cry.
Romano Guardini, The Lord|To know Christ entails accepting his will as norm. When we feel this we draw back, startled for it means the cross. The it is better to say honestly: “I can’t yet,” than to mouth pious phrases. Slow there with the large words “self-suffender,” and “sacrifice.” It is better to admit our weakness and ask him to teach us strength.
Helen Oyeyemi, Mr. Fox|He thought: How difficult it is to explain yourself to yourself. Sometimes there only is, and no knowing.
B.H. Liddell Hart|The history of ancient Greece showed that, in a democracy, emotion dominates reason to a greater extent than in any other political system, thus giving freer rein to the passions which sweep a state into war and prevent it getting out—at any point short of the exhaustion and destruction of one or other of the opposing sides. Democracy is a system which puts a brake on preparation for war, aggressive or defensive, but it is not one that conduces to the limitation of warfare or the prospects of a good peace. No political system more easily becomes out of control when passions are aroused. These defects have been multiplied in modern democracies, since their great extension of size and their vast electorate produce a much larger volume of emotional pressure.
Lilly Singh|The cool thing about my show and me is that I'm a writer, and I'm a writer first if I don't have music.
J. R. Moehringer|Elvis Costello had a brand new bag. He was a musician, but he knew all about the attitude part of it.
J.C. Lillis, A&B|I want you back because... I like being with you more than anyone else. And because when I make you laugh I feel like the coolest person on the planet. And because we get each other in like, every possible way, and you don't know that's a huge deal until you grow up and meet a fuckload of people and you realize how rare that is.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Complete Poems of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Midnight! the outpost of advancing day!The frontier town and citadel of night!The watershed of Time, from which the streamsOf Yesterday and To-morrow take their way,One to the land of promise and of light,One to the land of darkness and of dreams!
Seth Shostak|Most of the intelligence out there must be artificial intelligence. We keep looking for critters like us living on a planet like ours, where in fact the majority of the intelligence out there is not biological. That would be my argument.
Vivienne Westwood|Becoming a mother cannot help but change things. An author's life is reflected in their writing, whether they want it to be or not, and parenthood is one of the biggest life changes there is.
Emily Ratajkowski|For me, bomber jackets are smart, but they are also street and have a lot of attitude.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|They'll want to kill the crazies first. Big fish eat little fish -- always have, always will.
Mike Huckabee|The demand for equal rights in every vocation of life is just and fair; but, after all, the most vital right is the right to love and be loved.
Jinnul Jr.|i just stopped from dreaming and woke up,just like a dream to be loved back is just a dream you have to accept,it was just glimpse of hopes you wanna take it to reality, nothing more, nothing less
Yves Tanguy|When you sit down and watch something alone, you're going to watch it for what it is.
Mike Ferguson|The concept of patriotism is not incompatible with that of humanity; on the contrary, let me state emphatically that he who best serves pacifism serves patriotism best. The nation is and can be no more than the vital basic unit of any international league.
Jeanne Murray Walker|Listen. Outside this frame I can see light,heavy as pardon, reliable as granite.Help me. Help me drag it into the picture.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|When someone is trying very hard to get something, they don't. And when they're running away from something as hard as they can, it usually catches up with them.
Douglas Coupland, Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated Culture|When someone tells you they’ve just bought a house, they might as well tell you they no longer have a personality. You can immediately assume so many things: that they’re locked into jobs they hate; that they’re broke; that they spend every night watching videos; that they’re fifteen pounds overweight; that they no longer listen to new ideas. It’s profoundly depressing. 
HarryKrishna|By the time, another Disappointment reaches me ..... I'll buried!
Allan Savory|Food is for eating, and good food is to be enjoyed... I think food is, actually, very beautiful in itself.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|Leo lowered his screwdriver. He looked at the ceiling and shook his head like, What am I gonna do with this guy? "I try very hard to be annoying," Leo said. "Don't insult my ability to annoy. And how am I supposed to resent you if you go apologizing? I'm a lowly mechanic. You're like the prince of the sky, son of the Lord of the Universe. I'm supposed to resent you." "Lord of the Universe?" (Jason) "Sure, you're all-bam! Lightning man. And 'Watch me fly. I am the eagle that soars-" (Leo) "Shut up, Valdez." (Jason) Leo managed a little smile. "Yeah, see. I do annoy you." "I apologize for apologizing." (Jason) "Thank you." He went back to work, but the tension had eased between them. Leo still looked sad and exhausted-just not quite so angry.
Clive Barker, The Hellbound Heart|It wasn’t that she necessarily wanted to “socialize” at the bonfire, but she wanted to broadcast to the general population that her antisocial behavior was a personal choice not a sentence to social leprosy.
Hjalmar Söderberg|WHERE IS MY SON?" Uncle Antonio bellows, levelling the two AK-47s he's holding at the lot of us. "Get away from him, you bastards!
Gayle Forman, Just One Year|I believe in times of adversity there’s a line that is sometimes drawn, a line that separates your old life from your new. You cross the line, you’ll never be the same.
Harold Sinclair, American Years|The door of Reverend Verringer’s impressive manse is opened by an elderly female with a face like a pine plank; the Reverend is unmarried, and has need of an irreproachable housekeeper. Simon is ushered into the library. It is so self-consciously the right sort of library that he has an urge to set fire to it.
Charles de Lint, Someplace to Be Flying|I do know that the gardens of the first lands are still lying there, right under the skin of the world- pulsing the way our heartbeat drums under our own skin. And I believe that there's a connectedness between everything that gives some people a deep and abiding affinity to a certain kind of place or creature.""Like totems?""Maybe. Or maybe something even more personal- something that's impossible to articulate with the vocabulary we have at the moment.""This is too weird."Annie shrugged. "What can I say? It's getting late, the stars are out. Once the sun sets, I tend to embrace whatever wild spirits are running around in the darkness, talking away to each other. I leave the logic of streets and pavement and cars and tall buildings behind and buy into the old magics that they're whispering about. Sometimes those little mysteries and bits of wisdom stick to the bones of my head and I carry them right out into the sunlight again. They're like Jack's stories, true and not true, all at the same time. They don't exactly shape my life, but they certainly colour it." She glanced at him, "I wouldn't like to live in a world where everything's as cut-and-dried as most people think it is
Jess C. Scott, Wicked Lovely|I felt like an animal, and animals don’t know sin, do they?
Lexi Blake, A Dom is Forever|I got a body covered in scars, but then who doesn’t? If you don’t have a few scars, you haven’t really lived.
Chelsea Ballinger, My Silent Hero|In short, Nance, even was you going to the very devil himself, your mother and I would rather see you fly from us in joy, than stay with us in sorrow - and grow, maybe, to hate us, for keeping you from your fate.
Carl Lotus Becker, The Heavenly City of the Eighteenth Century Philosophers|Reason is incompetent to answer any fundamental question about God, or morality, or the meaning of life.
Vironika Tugaleva|We all see very clearly in others tendencies which we, ourselves, have overcome. The older and wiser we grow, the more we can see the arrogance of youth. The more authentic we become, the more we can see the lies of insecurity. The more vulnerable we allow ourselves to be, the more we see the dangerous symptoms of unexpressed emotions. There is no finish line to learning. There is no point where we're done growing, and all we will ever do is look down upon others who are behind us. No one is ever at the top. We are all growing at our own rates, and no matter how terrible or how enlightened we fancy ourselves to be today, the future will be sure to give us a different perspective. There is really no use in comparing yourself to others. There will always be someone ahead and someone behind, and there will be dozens (if not hundreds) of different scales and gradients to be behind and ahead on. To be number one is never final. It is and always will be a momentary, fleeting instant. But to be a growing version of yourself? That, you can be. You can be that every single day.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|The distant sea, lapping the sandy shore with measured sound; the nearer cries of the donkey-boys; the unusual scenes moving before her like pictures, which she cared not in her laziness to have fully explained before they passed away; the stroll down to the beach to breathe the sea-air, soft and warm on the sandy shore even at the end of November; the great long misty sea-line touching the tender-coloured sky; the white sail of a distant boat turning silver in some pale sunbeam: - it seemed as if she could dream her life away in such luxury of pensiveness, in which she made her present all in all, from not daring to think of the past, or wishing to contemplate the future.
Kele Moon|Given involuntarily, and in an atmosphere of distrust, pain is torture, whatever the motive," suggests David. "But given consensually, between equals, pain can be a most incredible form of love.
Jeff Cook, Seven: The Deadly Sins and the Beatitudes|Whatever mistakes her son might make in life, Cindy was sure God would have mercy on him. The church, she feared, might not.
Marina and the Diamonds|My mother played the piano and my father the violin, I can remember my dad teaching me how to waltz; I had my feet on his, my mother playing the piano, and my husband will tell you the lessons weren't very successful.
Garry Wills|If you care enough for a result, you will most certainly attain it.
Godfrey Reggio|I'm a farm boy. I would rather live in that time when you had to provide for your family. I don't know. I'm a country kid, so I don't like modern technology.
Lee  Goff|Deep down in all of us there is a tendency to want to prove ourselves, to base our worth on what we do.
Rosamund Lupton|I wanted to make him understand that we shared the details of our lives, because they were the threads that braided us so closely together. And you would have been certain to tell me about a Sabatier knife, because it would have had the rare value of being a detail in your life which tied directly into mine - Bee in Sister
John Hurt|I live the life of a farmer. I don't see how I could wear Lagerfeld's designs while feeding my goats. I have respect for Lagerfeld as a man, but I would have so much more for him if he, in turn, respected animals. We do not live in the same world.
Gordon J. Wenham|In Jesus the full meaning of peace is revealed: he gave peace, made peace and is our peace (Jn. 14:27; Eph. 2:14f.).
weyhey_harry, Psychotic|But if love can be funny and capricious, it can also be strong enough to seem like a sign of insanity.
Donald Trump|In tragedy, it's hard to find a good resolution; it's not black and white: it's a big fog of gray.
Rick Riordan, The Serpent's Shadow|I explained to him, however, that my nature was such that my physical needs often got in the way of my feelings.
Edmund White|What I've said before, only half in joke, is that everybody in Ireland is famous. Or, maybe better, say everybody is familiar.
Aldis Hodge|The perfect ham and cheese sandwich is all about focusing on quality ingredients and about simple techniques. You start with great bread, a well-cured ham and a sharp local cheese, and the rest is easy. A little butter in a pan and a little patience - in the end you'll have a sandwich that is at once comforting and delicious.
Tom Robbins, Even Cowgirls Get the Blues|I believe in political solutions to political problems. But man's primary problems aren't political; they're philosophical. Until humans can solve their philosophical problems, they're condemned to solve their political problems over and over and over again. It's a cruel, repetitious bore.
Horizon Magazine, Summer 1970|He was almost at his door when Vik’s earsplitting shriek resounded down the corridor. Tom was glad for the excuse to sprint back toward him. “Vik?”He reached Vik’s doorway as Vik was backing out of it. “Tom,” he breathed, “it’s an abomination.”Confused, Tom stepped past him into the bunk. Then he gawked, too.Instead of a standard trainee bunk of two small beds with drawers underneath them and totally bare walls, Vik’s bunk was virtually covered with images of their friend Wyatt Enslow. There were posters all over the wall with Wyatt’s solemn, oval face on them. She wore her customary scowl, her dark eyes tracking their every move through the bunk. There was a giant marble statue of a sad-looking Vik with a boot on top of its head. The Vik statue clutched two very, very tiny hands together in a gesture of supplication, its eyes trained upward on the unseen stomper, an inscription at its base, WHY, OH WHY, DID I CROSS WYATT ENSLOW?Tom began to laugh.“She didn’t do it to the bunk,” Vik insisted. “She must’ve done something to our processors.”That much was obvious. If Wyatt was good at anything, it was pulling off tricks with the neural processors, which could pretty much be manipulated to show them anything. This was some sort of illusion she was making them see, and Tom heartily approved.He stepped closer to the walls to admire some of the photos pinned there, freeze-frames of some of Vik’s more embarrassing moments at the Spire: that time Vik got a computer virus that convinced him he was a sheep, and he’d crawled around on his hands and knees chewing on plants in the arboretum. Another was Vik gaping in dismay as Wyatt won the war games.“My hands do not look like that.” Vik jabbed a finger at the statue and its abnormally tiny hands. Wyatt had relentlessly mocked Vik for having small, delicate hands ever since Tom had informed her it was the proper way to counter one of Vik’s nicknames for her, “Man Hands.” Vik had mostly abandoned that nickname for “Evil Wench,” and Tom suspected it was due to the delicate-hands gibe.Just then, Vik’s new roommate bustled into the bunk.He was a tall, slim guy with curly black hair and a pointy look to his face. Tom had seen him around, and he called up his profile from memory:NAME: Giuseppe NicholsRANK: USIF, Grade IV Middle, Alexander DivisionORIGIN: New York, NYACHIEVEMENTS: Runner-up, Van Cliburn International Piano CompetitionIP: 2053:db7:lj71::291:ll3:6e8SECURITY STATUS: Top Secret LANDLOCK-4Giuseppe must’ve been able to see the bunk template, too, because he stuttered to a stop, staring up at the statue. “Did you really program a giant statue of yourself into your bunk template? That’s so narcissistic.”Tom smothered his laughter. “Wow. He already has your number, man.”Vik shot him a look of death as Tom backed out of the bunk.
Chris Matakas, #Human: Learning To Live In Modern Times|Each man is an island unto himself. But though a sea of difference may divide us, an entire world of commonality lies beneath.
David W. Earle|I don’t know what I did to deserve someone as smart and beautiful as you.”"You were you. And maybe that was enough.
Auliq-Ice|To be alive simply means to have faith, one has faith that the air one breathes will sustain one, hence being alive without the other kind of faith will be counterproductive to the reason one is alive.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|Let us suppose we are confronted with a desperate thing – say Pimlico. If we think what is really best for Pimlico we shall find the thread of thought leads to the throne of the mystic and the arbitrary. It is not enough for a man to disapprove of Pimlico; in that case he will merely cut his throat or move to Chelsea. Nor, certainly, is it enough for a man to approve of Pimlico; for then it will remain Pimlico, which would be awful. The only way out of it seems to be for somebody to love Pimlico; to love it with a transcendental tie and without any earthly reason. If there arose a man who loved Pimlico, then Pimlico would rise into ivory towers and golden pinnacles… If men loved Pimlico as mothers love children, arbitrarily, because it is theirs, Pimlico in a year or two might be fairer than Florence. Some readers will say that this is mere fantasy. I answer that this is the actual history of mankind. This, as a fact, is how cities did grow great. Go back to the darkest roots of civilization and you will find them knotted round some sacred stone or encircling some sacred well. People first paid honour to a spot and afterwards gained glory for it. Men did not love Rome because she was great. She was great because they had loved her.
Beth Johnson|When something seems wrong in your life, the only way to have resolution with it is to let it go. Trying to make it right keeps it wrong.
Saaif Alam|People with disabilities should not be considered unadvataged because they can high self esteem as others to fulfill their potential. People should be aware that a disability is something that some people can be born with and it is not a choice for them. Therefore, they should be treated with respect and should not be discriminated because this kind of behavior can socially isolate them from being part of the rest of their community.
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|He dug so deeply into her sentiments that in search of interest he found love, because by trying to make her love him he ended up falling in love with her. Petra Cotes, for her part, loved him more and more as she felt his love increasing, and that was how in the ripeness of autumn she began to believe once more in the youthful superstition that poverty was the servitude of love. Both looked back then on the wild revelry, the gaudy wealth, and the unbridled fornication as an annoyance and they lamented that it had cost them so much of their lives to find the paradise of shared solitude. Madly in love after so many years of sterile complicity, they enjoyed the miracle of living each other as much at the table as in bed, and they grew to be so happy that even when they were two worn-out people they kept on blooming like little children and playing together like dogs.
Charles "Flip" Nicklin, Among Giants: A Life with Whales|But after dealing with Roy for a while I just wanted to get through the time I’d signed on for, to prove to myself that I couldn’t be beaten by a girly-faced, chicken-boned, racist cat.
Bertrand Russell, The Autobiography of Bertrand Russell|I hate the world and almost all the people in it. I hate the Labour Congress and the journalists who send men to be slaughtered, and the fathers who feel a smug pride when their sons are killed, and even the pacifists who keep saying human nature is essentially good, in spite of all the daily proofs to the contrary. I hate the planet and the human race—I am ashamed to belong to such a species.
David Halberstam, Everything They Had: Sports Writing|I went to a fight the other night, and a hockey game broke out.
Anthony Liccione|I kiss her ghost, and sleep with the dust on her photograph, next to my bedside.
Rick Riordan, Percy Jackson's Greek Heroes|Dear friend…'The Witcher swore quietly, looking at the sharp, angular, even runes drawn with energetic sweeps of the pen, faultlessly reflecting the author’s mood. He felt once again the desire to try to bite his own backside in fury. When he was writing to the sorceress a month ago he had spent two nights in a row contemplating how best to begin. Finally, he had decided on “Dear friend.” Now he had his just deserts.'Dear friend, your unexpected letter – which I received not quite three years after we last saw each other – has given me much joy. My joy is all the greater as various rumours have been circulating about your sudden and violent death. It is a good thing that you have decided to disclaim them by writing to me; it is a good thing, too, that you are doing so so soon. From your letter it appears that you have lived a peaceful, wonderfully boring life, devoid of all sensation. These days such a life is a real privilege, dear friend, and I am happy that you have managed to achieve it.I was touched by the sudden concern which you deigned to show as to my health, dear friend. I hasten with the news that, yes, I now feel well; the period of indisposition is behind me, I have dealt with the difficulties, the description of which I shall not bore you with. It worries and troubles me very much that the unexpected present you received from Fate brings you worries. Your supposition that this requires professional help is absolutely correct. Although your description of the difficulty – quite understandably – is enigmatic, I am sure I know the Source of the problem. And I agree with your opinion that the help of yet another magician is absolutely necessary. I feel honoured to be the second to whom you turn. What have I done to deserve to be so high on your list?Rest assured, my dear friend; and if you had the intention of supplicating the help of additional magicians, abandon it because there is no need. I leave without delay, and go to the place which you indicated in an oblique yet, to me, understandable way. It goes without saying that I leave in absolute secrecy and with great caution. I will surmise the nature of the trouble on the spot and will do all that is in my power to calm the gushing source. I shall try, in so doing, not to appear any worse than other ladies to whom you have turned, are turning or usually turn with your supplications. I am, after all, your dear friend. Your valuable friendship is too important to me to disappoint you, dear friend.Should you, in the next few years, wish to write to me, do not hesitate for a moment. Your letters invariably give me boundless pleasure.Your friend Yennefer'The letter smelled of lilac and gooseberries.Geralt cursed.
Bill Bryson|Every atom you possess has almost certainly passed through several stars and been part of millions of organisms on its way to becoming you. We are each so atomically numberous and so vigorously recycled at death that a significant number of our atoms-up to a billion for each of us, it has been suggested-probably once belonged to Shakespeare. A billion more each came from Buddha and Genghis Khan and Beethoven, and any other historical figure you care to name.
Cornelia Funke, Inkdeath|Women were different, no doubt about it. Men broke so much more quickly. Grief didn't break women. Instead it wore them down, it hollowed them out very slowly.
Lindsey Graham|I have no doubt that the Palestinian Arab leadership made a mistake when it did not accept the partition plan in 1947, but I want to try to understand it.
Sophie Kinsella|When you don't know what you're living for, you don't care how you live from one day to the next. You're happy the day has passed and the night has come, and in your sleep you bury the tedious question of what you lived for that day and what you're going to live for tomorrow.
Alin Sav|Text, images, and video are the paint swatches of 21st-century artists — with a single catch: this form of art has to communicate, engage, and sell.
Debasish Mridha|Education helps you to find beauty, but you are responsible to see it.
Rebecca Raisin, The Little Antique Shop under the Eiffel Tower|Regret is such a miserable word. But there have been plenty of times alone, where I wished I took the risk and gave someone my heart, and not just a sliver of it. After one stumble, you've pulled the shutters down. Closed up shop. I'm just saying, don't waste your life protecting your heart, or you'll get to the end of it and realize it wasn't worth it.
William Godwin, Caleb Williams|Have you ever stopped to ponder the amount of blood spilt, the volume of tears shed, the degree of pain and anguish endured, the number of noble men and women lost in battle so that we as individuals might have a say in governing our country?  Honor the lives sacrificed for your freedoms. Vote.
H.D.  Smith, Dark Hope|I grouped my fellow employees into three categories: the plebes, the damned, and the demons.
John Shirley, BioShock: Rapture|When you recognize the many types of abundance in your life, more abundance will flow to you through all levels of your life and amongst all of the people in your life.
Dorothy Parker|Why, that dog is practically a Phi Beta Kappa. She can sit up and beg, and she can give her paw -- I don't say she will but she can.
Jeffrey Rasley, Light in the Mountains -- A Hoosier Quaker Finds Communal Enlightenment in Nepal|I'll enjoy today while it's here, using the time wisely. Each day is a gift that soon becomes a memory.
Harmon Killebrew|I've discovered that Motown and Broadway have a lot in common - a family of wonderfully talented, passionate, hardworking young people, fiercely competitive but also full of love and appreciation for the work, for each other and for the people in the audience.
Marie-Louise von Franz, Shadow and Evil in Fairy Tales|People who have a creative side and do not live it out are most disagreeable clients. They make a mountain out of a molehill, fuss about unnecessary things, are too passionately in love with somebody who is not worth so much attention, and so on. There is a kind of floating charge of energy in them which is not attached to its right object and therefore tends to apply exaggerated dynamism to the wrong situation.
Nicola Adams|The American Dream is not being dependent on the federal government for your health care, for your automobile, for your college education, for your student loan on and on and on.
L. Frank Baum, The Road to Oz: Children's Classics|Never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity, but don't rule out malice.
Alan Watts|What is good? All that heightens the feeling of power, the will to power, power itself in man.
Actor Johnny Depp|If you love two people at the same time, choose the second one, because if you really loved the first one, you wouldn’t have fallen for the second.
Andrew Sean Greer, The Impossible Lives of Greta Wells|So tell me gentleman, tell me the time and place where it was easy to be a woman.
Charles M. Schwab|I wanted Jesus in 'A.D.' to be very, very, very human - to have those qualities of vulnerability and doubt and pain and sadness and loneliness. Once the resurrection happens and we see that Jesus has risen, it's almost complete, right? It's all about the joy and the smile and the happiness and the closeness to the disciples.
James R. Hannibal, Shadow Catcher|For they were unseasoned, nor inured, not knowing this to be much less than the beginning of sorrow.
Timothy Leary, Chaos & Cyber Culture|Keep to the 'I-statements' and discuss your feelings, she lectured herself. I think, I feel. Don't be accusatory. Don't tell him that he is an insecure prick who should back off before you deck him. Instead, say, 'I feel you are acting like an insecure prick who should back off before I deck you.
Gretchen Rubin, The Happiness Project: Or Why I Spent a Year Trying to Sing in the Morning, Clean My Closets, Fight Right, Read Aristotle, and Generally Have More Fun|Nothing,' wrote Tolstoy, 'can make our life, or the lives of other people, more beautiful than perpetual kindness.
Robert Ahaness, Goddess In The Silence|I went to a concert upstairs in Town Hall. The composer whose works were being performed had provided program notes. One of these notes was to the effect that there is too much pain in the world. After the concert I was walking along with the composer and he was telling me how the performances had not been quite up to snuff. So I said, "Well, I enjoyed the music, but I didn't agree with that program note about there being too much pain in the world." He said, "What? Don't you think there's enough?" I said, "I think there's just the right amount.
Debasish Mridha|If you are alive, then you have a reason to smile.
Felicity Brandon, The Abduction|Before I can stop myself I throw my half-eaten banana at him and it hits him on the back of his neck.He spins around, wipes his neck and looks down at the banana on the floor."Did you really just fruitally assault me?
George Orwell|The responses that environmentalists evoke - fear, anxiety, numbness, despair - are not helpful, even if they are understandable. It should be fascinating, even enthralling, to be in the milieu of environmental change.
Cecilia Dart-Thornton, Weatherwitch|Time was spinning numerous threads for its tapestry, some to be woven together, some to entangle or fray, others merely to perish and pass away.
Gabriel Weston|This is when I became myself. The girl before this time is a shadow, like a soul who is practicing how not to become. She is the background, the hole in the fabric from which the real shape is cut.
Roger Stark, The Waterfall Concept|Alcoholism or addiction is a disease because it fits the definition of disease. It is progressive and chronic, and left untreated, it will kill.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a fly lands on your food, do not use a hammer to remove it.
Cinda Williams Chima, The Crimson Crown|In not a single one of these little campaigns was I victorious. In other words, in each case, I personally failed, but I have lived to see the thesis upon which I was operating vindicated. And what I very often say is that I’ve lived to see my lost causes found.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Living Buddha, Living Christ|Not maybe. Definitely! We have an expression back home in Haiti, which says something like ‘a man who is thinking with his penis.’ That is what you are Michael. That doesn’t mean that you are addicted to sex or pornography. You are not a pervert of any kind. Contrary! You are just too sensitive with women. You fall in love at the blink of an eye and all your decisions are based on your passions towards a particular woman. Your mind gets blurry because not enough blood goes to your brain. And your heart pumps all the blood back to your penis and that is why you are a man who thinks with his penis.” (Ch.7)
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|We kept on cooking and walking the dog, taking the kids to the park, cleaning the kitchen, and letting Sara and Adam hate what was going on when they needed to. Sometimes we let them resist finding any meaning or solace in anything that had to do with their daughter's diagnosis, and this was one of the hardest things to do -- to stop trying to make things come out better than they were. We let them spew when they needed to; we offered the gift of no comfort when there being no comfort was where they had landed. Then we shopped for groceries.
T.R. Cordón, Glimpses of Her|To observe is not to not feel—in fact, it is to put yourself at the mercy of feeling, like the child's warm skin meeting the cold air of midnight. My own children, too, have been roused from the unconsciousness of childhood; theirs too is the pain and the gift of awareness. 'I have two homes,' my daughter said to me one evening, clearly and carefully, 'and I have no home.' To suffer and to know what it is that you suffer: how can that be measured against its much-prized opposite, the ability to be happy without knowing why?
Jean Gill, Song at Dawn: 1150 in Provence|Power does not always shout its presence, my Lady, and each of the two hundred men armed behind you on this road represent a thousand more ready to die at your command. Every word you speak has the weight of those men.
Anonymous|My mind is so clever, but it does me no favors.
Gary L. Francione|I have argued that this sort of thinking is problematic in at least two regards:First, the notion that nonhuman animals do not have an interest in continued existence—that they do not have an interest in their lives—involves relying on a speciesist concept of what sort of self-awareness matters morally. I have argued that every sentient being necessarily has an interest in continued existence—every sentient being values her or his life—and that to say that only those animals (human animals) who have a particular sort of self-awareness have an interest in not being treated as commodities begs the fundamental moral question. Even if, as some maintain, nonhuman animals live in an “eternal present”—and I think that is empirically not the case at the very least for most of the nonhumans we routinely exploit who do have memories of the past and a sense of the future—they have, in each moment, an interest in continuing to exist. To say that this does not count morally is simply speciesist.Second, even if animals do not have an interest in continuing to live and only have interests in not suffering, the notion that, as a practical matter, we will ever be able to accord those interests the morally required weight is simply fantasy. The notion that we property owners are ever going to accord any sort of significant weight to the interests of property in not suffering is simply unrealistic. Is it possible in theory? Yes. Is it possible as a matter of practicality in the real world. Absolutely not. Welfarists often talk about treating “farmed animals” in the way that we treat dogs and cats whom we love and regard as members of our family. Does anyone really think that is practically possible? The fact that we would not think of eating our dogs and cats is some indication that it is not.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|They say that just before you die your whole life flashes before your eyes, but that's not how it happened for me.
R.P. Noronha, A Tale Told By An Idiot|When my grandchildren ask me what I did in the '42 movement [Quit India Movement] I say - "I waited for it.
Haruki Murakami|I do not know what, in the end, makes a person who they are. If we`re all born one way, or if we only arrive there after as series of chioces. The bible claims that the wicked act on their own desires and impulses, because God is good, only good, and He would never compel a soul to wickedness. That I`m supposed to count on justice in the next life, even if I can`t have it in this one.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|To hope is to gamble. It's to bet on your futures, on your desires, on the possibility that an open heart and uncertainty is better than gloom and safety. To hope is dangerous, and yet it is the opposite of fear, for to live is to risk.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|I was smiling yesterday,I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow.Simply because life is too short to cry for anything.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems|Provided with a case of pencils, and some sheets of paper, I used to take a seat apart from them, near the window, and busy myself in sketching fancy vignettes representing any scene that happened momentarily to shape itself in the ever-shifting kaleidoscope of imagination: a glimpse of sea between two rock; the rising moon, and a ship crossing its disc; a group of reeds and water-flags, and a naiad's head, crowned with lotus-flowers, rising out of them; an elf sitting in a hedge-sparrow's nest, under a wreath of hawthorn bloom.
Frank Miller, A Dame to Kill For|We're clear," she said. "You're kind of a psycho. I get that
Janna Cachola|Your superpowers don't care who you dislike. If you are an encourager, you encourage them anyway
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|There were five others before they got to him. He smiled a little when his turn came. His voice was low, smoky, and dead sexy. “My name is Augustus Waters,” he said. “I’m seventeen. I had a little touch of osteosarcoma a year and a half ago, but I’m just here today at Isaac’s request.”“And how are you feeling?” asked Patrick.“Oh, I’m grand.” Augustus Waters smiled with a corner of his mouth. “I’m on a roller coaster that only goes up, my friend.
Francesca Zappia, Eliza and Her Monsters|I do have friends. Maybe they live hundreds of miles away from me, and maybe I can only talk to them through a screen, but they're still my friends.
Winston S. Churchill|I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat. We have before us an ordeal of the most grievous kind. We have before us many, many long months of struggle and of suffering. You ask, what is our policy? I can say: It is to wage war, by sea, land and air, with all our might and with all the strength that God can give us; to wage war against a monstrous tyranny, never surpassed in the dark, lamentable catalogue of human crime. That is our policy. You ask, what is our aim? I can answer in one word: It is victory, victory at all costs, victory in spite of all terror, victory, however long and hard the road may be;In “Blood, Toil, Tears, and Sweat,” his first speech as Prime Minister to the House of Commons May 13, 1940 quoted by Jeffrey R. Holland in “However Long and Hard the Road” BYU Devotional 18 Jan 1983
Stacey Kade, The Ghost and the Goth|Self-centered indulgence, pride and a lack of shame over sin are now emblems of the American lifestyle.
Akshay Vasu|For kids like me, the part of the brain that deals with stress and conflict is always activated...We are constantly ready to fight or flee, because there is a constant exposure to the bear, whether that bear is an alcoholic dad or an unhinged mom (p228)....I see conflict and I run away or prepare for battle. (p246)
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|That is the way with us when we have any uneasy jealousy in our disposition: if our talents are chiefly of the burrowing kind, our honey-sipping cousin (whom we have grave reasons for objecting to) is likely to have a secret contempt for us, and any one who admires him passes an oblique criticism on ourselves. Having the scruples of rectitude in our souls, we are above the meanness of injuring him—rather we meet all his claims on us by active benefits; and the drawing of cheques for him, being a superiority which he must recognize, gives our bitterness a milder infusion.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|He was broad-shouldered, dark-haired and dark-eyed; more than once, women had been noted openly regarding him, and not just immigrant women or those who smoked in public.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, Phenomenology of Spirit|History, is a conscious, self-meditating process — Spirit emptied out into Time; but this externalization, this kenosis, is equally an externalization of itself; the negative is the negative of itself. This Becoming presents a slow-moving succession of Spirits, a gallery of images, each of which, endowed with all the riches of Spirit, moves thus slowly just because the Self has to penetrate and digest this entire wealth of its substance. As its fulfilment consists in perfectly knowing what it is, in knowing its substance, this knowing is that withdrawal into itself in which it abandons its outer existence and gives its existential shape over to recollection. Thus absorbed in itself, it is sunk in the night of its self-consciousness; but in that night its vanished outer existence is perserved, and this transformed existence — the former one, but now reborn of the Spirit's knowledge — is the new existence, a new world and a new shape of Spirit. In the immediacy of this new existence the Spirit has to start afresh to bring itself to maturity as if, for it, all that preceded were lost and it had learned nothing from the experience of the earlier Spirits. But recollection, the inwardizing, of that experience, has perserved it and is the inner-being, and in fact the higher form of the substance. So although to bring itself to maturity, it is none the less on a higher level that it starts. The realm of Spirits which is formed in this way in the outer world constitutes a succession in Time in which one Spirit relieved another of its charge and each took over the empire of the world from its predecessor.
Patricia C. Wrede|That empty sick feeling came over me again. In a big school it was easy to fade into the background, but I didn’t know if that would be possible here. I tried not to think about it anymore.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|if lying would be a crime, we would all be in jail right now
Richie Norton|MESSAGE + MISSION = MOVEMENT Its not that you want to be on TV or the radio or in a magazine. If no one watched or listened or read, you wouldn't care about those mediums. What you want is an audience. You want to be seen and heard. You have a message to share. That said, the world has giving you your own TV channel (YouTube and any other video platform). The world has given you a radio station and even hosts (podcasts). The world has given you your own magazine and newspaper (websites, blogs, etc). YOU ARE SEEN AND HEARD. YOU ARE ALREADY STANDING ON THE STAGE. NOW WHAT?We are watching and listening.
Sophocles, Antigone|May the dead forgive me, I can do no otherBut as I am commanded; to do more is madness." - Ismene
Robert Orben|Many leaders of big organizations, I think, don't believe that change is possible. But if you look at history, things do change, and if your business is static, you're likely to have issues.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|I do not know…who turned me, your Grace.”His downcast gaze said it all: How terribly sad.For she had known all her life as a Vampire it was most…disgraceful to never know the one who turned you; that was where a Vampire could find a sense of great peace amidst the life that was the constant need for blood. She had only passed by these remarks, this cloud on her person for being ‘Princess of the Vampires,’ Dracula’s special child…
Jorge Ramos|As a factual matter, as in countries all over the world, technology and business practices have been running faster than legal responses and developments.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Until you actually possess true peace with God, no one can describe its wonders to you.
Simone Signoret|Chains do not hold a marriage together. It is thread, hundreds of tiny threads which sew people together through the years.
Vilayanur S. Ramachandran|Every war when it comes, or before it comes, is represented not as a war but as an act of self-defense against a homicidal maniac.
Sachin Kumar Puli|I'm willing to grind, endure & suffer to wake that beast within me, to grow, accomplish & win.
Julieanne O'Conner|Often, it takes more guts than skill to open doors. Once the doors get opened, then it's up to you.
Marjane Satrapi|There's nothing more exciting for an actor than a chance to lose, to be someone who has lost - especially if it's someone who starts off with a veneer of control. To be broken is wonderful.
Noorilhuda|We, men, who work hard to get somewhere in life, to make something of ourselves in life, to mean something to someone, to have what our ancestors never had.....We, men, who toil for a name, respect, livelihood, who are pitied, mocked all for the love of a woman.....We men who need to have a coherent existence, and oneness of spirit with a single soul; We, sir, do not deserve such an audience as Ms. Adams." - Pritchard's letter
Elvis Mitchell|One of the Internet's highest-profile companies, Priceline once dreamed of transforming the way consumer goods are bought and sold by offering customers the chance to 'name your own price' for a variety of products, including airline tickets.
Benjamin Errett, Elements of Wit: Mastering the Art of Being Interesting|Natives of the Florida Keys often refer to themselves as Conchs, and for good reason: They have been drinking.
Winston Graham, Marnie|While genes are pivotal in establishing some aspects of emotionality, experience plays a central role in turning genes on and off. DNA is not the heart’s destiny; the genetic lottery may determine the cards in your deck, but experience deals the hand you can play. Scientists have proven, for example, that good mothering can override a disadvantageous temperament.(152)
Kate Winslet|The first thing that pops into my mind when it comes to playing cowboys is my father, Lloyd Bridges. When I was a little kid, I loved to dress up like a cowboy - put on the boots, hat, and walk around. He was in a lot of westerns, and my dad loved to ride.
Unknown|Turn a blind eye on logic and sense, for eyes see facts and minds make mess; mostly that's why we mistake for something less,all of the shadows of those who conspire. But where there is smoke, near is a fire.
Sunday Adelaja|Take for instance, a society where the prevailing value system is that you only go into politics and leadership to serve and not to make money. In such a nation, people know that those who go into politics and leadership come out of it poorer than they went in.
Suzanne Selfors, Kiss and Spell|Papa! You painted my nose!""I certainly did," her father said."But why?" Belle tried to see the purple dot on her face.Maurice grinned. "Because that mark makes you even more beautiful. Different and special from the inside out, just like your fantastic doll. And just like your mother, who you look and act more like every day."Belle eyed her father suspiciously. "A purple mark does all that?""Yes. Because it's yours and only yours," Maurice said.
Seanan McGuire|If it had been my decision, you would still be sleeping, and I would be hoping every hour of every night you lived was filled with the foulest of dreams.”“My only nightmare in this moment is the quality of the mattress you saw fit to place me on,” said Simon. “Really, brother, have you never heard of lumbar support?
Geoffrey Wood|Even if their guilt actually does produce a good action, it will be the saddest good action you’ll ever see, and it will be of no use to them because their goal is not to obey, but to feel less guilty, thus nothing about their souls will be reshaped.
Clare Balding|You can work on the saxophone alone, but ultimately you must perform with others.
Sabine Hein|Life is like Tetris; if it doesn't fit, just flip it over
Diane Setterfield, Bellman & Black|Without the past to cast its long shadow, might you see the future more clearly?
Julian Barnes|Well, Mr Thomas, while I'm in favour of education, I couldn't in good conscience recommend a university career in anything but the hard sciences. As a working environment, the rest of academia is a sewer of irrationality, hate mongering, envy, and self-interest. I'm getting out the moment I earn my twenty-five-year pension package, and then I'm going to write novels...
Sultan Alzahrani|The Angry Face, cannot deliver the knowledge correctly often!
Katherine McIntyre, Forged Alliances|They surrounded him here, but beyond, flames licked the cabins, the incendiary glow striking a similar spark inside him from the injustice they’d faced tonight.
Dee Dee Artner|Blaming others is an act of refusing to take responsibility. When a person can’t accept the fact or the reality, they blamed another person or the situation instead of taking accountability.
Gina Maranto, Quest for Perfection: The Drive to Breed Better Human Beings|Humans have long since possessed the tools for crafting a better world. Where love, compassion, altruism and justice have failed, genetic manipulation will not succeed.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|A single employee, with one message, can succinctly capture the essence of a corporation the same way an iconic photograph captures a moment. Unfortunately, it is usually the negative massages that are published or used in lawsuits.
Russell Anthony Gibbs, The Six Principles of Enlightenment and Meaning of Life|If our thoughts and beliefs—both conscious and unconscious—are in conflict, they will cancel each other out and nothing will manifest. So if you desire success but believe you have not earned it, you will not succeed.
Bob Marley|Only once in your life, I truly believe, you find someone who can completely turn your world around. You tell them things that you’ve never shared with another soul and they absorb everything you say and actually want to hear more. You share hopes for the future, dreams that will never come true, goals that were never achieved and the many disappointments life has thrown at you. When something wonderful happens, you can’t wait to tell them about it, knowing they will share in your excitement. They are not embarrassed to cry with you when you are hurting or laugh with you when you make a fool of yourself. Never do they hurt your feelings or make you feel like you are not good enough, but rather they build you up and show you the things about yourself that make you special and even beautiful. There is never any pressure, jealousy or competition but only a quiet calmness when they are around. You can be yourself and not worry about what they will think of you because they love you for who you are. The things that seem insignificant to most people such as a note, song or walk become invaluable treasures kept safe in your heart to cherish forever. Memories of your childhood come back and are so clear and vivid it’s like being young again. Colours seem brighter and more brilliant. Laughter seems part of daily life where before it was infrequent or didn’t exist at all. A phone call or two during the day helps to get you through a long day’s work and always brings a smile to your face. In their presence, there’s no need for continuous conversation, but you find you’re quite content in just having them nearby. Things that never interested you before become fascinating because you know they are important to this person who is so special to you. You think of this person on every occasion and in everything you do. Simple things bring them to mind like a pale blue sky, gentle wind or even a storm cloud on the horizon. You open your heart knowing that there’s a chance it may be broken one day and in opening your heart, you experience a love and joy that you never dreamed possible. You find that being vulnerable is the only way to allow your heart to feel true pleasure that’s so real it scares you. You find strength in knowing you have a true friend and possibly a soul mate who will remain loyal to the end. Life seems completely different, exciting and worthwhile. Your only hope and security is in knowing that they are a part of your life.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Bloody Bones|I think we can do it.""But you don't know for sure," he said."No.""Geez, Anita.""Don't get rattled on me. We can do this.""But you aren't sure.""I'm not sure we'll survive the plane ride home, but I'm still getting on the plane.""Was that supposed to be comforting?" he asked."Yeah.""It wasn't," he said."Sorry, but this is as good as it gets. You want certainty, be an accountant.""I'm not good at math.""Me either.
Bill Maher, When You Ride Alone You Ride With Bin Laden: What the Government Should Be Telling Us to Help Fight the War on Terrorism|But females in even the most advanced Muslim countries are simply, by law, not the equal of men.
Stephen King, Needful Things|Even the most impassioned devotee of the ghost story would admit that the taste for it is slightly abnormal, a survival, perhaps, from adolescence, a disease of deficiency suffered by those whose lives and imaginations do not react satisfactorily to normal experience and require an extra thrill
Tyra Banks|It's famous that comedians have a very dark personal state of mind. I think, in my case, it's the same. The only way to get deep is to have a balance, or a counterbalance.
Alison Croggon, The Singing|By the light," he said, when he had mastered himself. "I think that beats singing a lullaby to a stormdog for simplicity and economy, Maerad. But I wish I had known that you simply had to blow at Hulls to get rid of them. It would have saved me a few scars.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Culture and Value|I'm watching you, big boy, my eyes say, but his are closed so it's an optical monologue.
Walter Benjamin|Art is much less important than life, but what a poor life without it.
Chloe Neill, Midnight Marked|By going "ah" and "hah" they were able to lift the unrelenting pain of their dark, bestial days into something more recreational. It is only through the godly gift of humor that man endures the horror. What other faculty allows you to turn pain into triumph? Tears of sadness into tears of laughing too hard?
Andrea Bocelli|Should we have background checks, waiting periods? To drive a car you have to pass a test that shows you know how to drive your car safely, you should have to do the same thing with guns.
Clarice Lispector, The Passion According to G.H.|All my life I had been looking for something, and everywhere I turned someone tried to tell me what it was.
Norah Houlton|The years are going by us like huge birds, whom Doom and Destiny and the schemes of God have frightened up out of some old gray marsh.
Raul O. Leguizamon|I am absolutely convinced of the lack of true scientific evidence in favour of Darwinian dogma. Nobody in the biological sciences, medicine included, needs Darwinism at all. Darwinism is certainly needed, however, in order to pose as a philosopher, since it is primarily a worldview. And an awful one, as George Bernard Shaw used to say.
Linda Grant, The Thoughtful Dresser|Clothes can suggest, persuade, connote, insinuate, or indeed lie, and apply subtle pressure while their wearer is speaking frankly and straightforwardly of other matters.
Holly Hood, Ink|The moonlight caught the glint of his lip ring, which he was now fondling with the tip of his tongue as he stared down at me. It was a bit awkward.
Gyles Brandreth, Oscar Wilde and a Game Called Murder: A Mystery|Praise makes me humble, but when I am abused, I know that I have touched the stars.
Carolyn Ainscough, Breaking Free: Help For Survivors Of Child Sexual Abuse|They know their crime," she said. "They know their shame.
Jean-Baptiste Dumas|I have seen many phases of life; I have moved in imperial circles, I have been a Minister of State; but if I had to live my life again, I would always remain in my laboratory, for the greatest joy of my life has been to accomplish original scientific work, and, next to that, to lecture to a set of intelligent students.
Gilles Néret, Gustav Klimt: 1862-1918|Eros and Thanatos were always the source of his inspiration, even though, from this time on, they usually appear in the guise of two simple and fundamental themes: flowers and women. These themes offered him the greatest opportunity to give a certain permanence to all that can be grasped in passing: an ephemeral sensual joy, the ecstasy of life.
Nikki Rowe, Once a Girl, Now a Woman|Everyone is overcoming something, be gentle.
Robin Wall Kimmerer, Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge, and the Teachings of Plants|caring is not abstract. The circle of ecological compassion we feel is enlarged by direct experience of the living world, and shrunken by its lack.
Philippe Legrain, Immigrants: Your Country Needs Them|In your heart of hearts, I believe all of you around this table know what this country needs.
Mehmet Murat ildan|He was a Crosby, Stills and Nash song. He loved the one he was with. He was casual with a capital C.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Education costs an arm and a leg, but ignorance costs you your mind and your soul.
J.K. Rowling|Don’t get smart - you two are in a heap of trouble!” snarled Anderson. “Names!”“Names?” repeated the long-haired driver. “Er — well, let’s see. There’s Wilberforce . . . Bathsheba . . . Elvendork . . .”“And what’s nice about that one is, you can use it for a boy or a girl,” said the boy in glasses.“Oh, our names, did you mean?” asked the first, as Anderson spluttered with rage. “You should’ve said! This here is James Potter, and I’m Sirius Black!”“Things’ll be seriously black for you in a minute, you cheeky little —
E.A. Bucchianeri, Phantom Phantasia: Poetry for the Phantom of the Opera Phan|You have the right to remain silent,' the big cop said in his robot's voice. 'If you do not choose to remain silent, anything you say may be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. I'm going to kill you. If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be provided for you. Do you understand your rights as I have explained them to you?
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|Loving yourself doesn't make you selfish. When done correctly, the exact opposite occurs, because you know that selfish behaviors are negative for your mind, body and spirit.
Alison Goldfrapp|Well in the end the world can crank itself up to sanctions, as it has with Zimbabwe, another sad case.
Biz Stone|When I design a wedding dress with a bustle, it has to be one the bride can dance in. I love the idea that something is practical and still looks great.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|These and other inanimate things she saw and experienced. They were real to her. She knew them. They were the codes and touchstones of the world, capable of translation and possession. She owned the crack that made her stumble; she owned the clumps of dandelions whose white heads, last fall, she had blown away; whose yellow heads, this fall, she peered into. And owning them made her part of the world, and the world a part of her.
Awdhesh Singh, The Secret Red Book of Leadership|The actions of a leader are always criticised by scholars as well as common men. A scholar has no obligation to produce result, so he is free to rebuke leaders for not sticking to noble means. Common men envy leaders their position and power, thus feeling happy in vilifying them to pull them down to their own levels.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|Every woman who chooses - joyfully, thoughtfully, calmly, of their own free will and desire - not to have a child does womankind a massive favour in the long term. We need more women who are allowed to prove their worth as people; rather than being assessed merely for their potential to create new people. After all, half those new people we go on to create are also women - presumably themselves to be judged, in their futures, for not making new people. And so it will go on and on...
Joss Whedon|If every vampire who said he was at The Crucifixion, was actually there, it would have been like Woodstock . . .
|When so many positive ambitious minds come together to work as one, some magical things always happen.
Stefan Molyneux|You have behaved in an exemplary manner until now. Even when you could have gained by doing something wrong, you refrained from doing so. You didn't fall prey to the logic of doing a small wrong for the sake of the greater good; of the ends justifying the means. That takes moral courage.
Debasish Mridha|If we fight with love, we will have no chance to lose.
Ernst Zundel|I am not saying that during the Second World War Germany did not, under the leadership of the National Socialist government, commit crimes.
Alexander McCall Smith|...Perhaps part of the secret of leading a life in which you would not always be worrying about things, or complaining about them, was to accept that there were people who just saw things differently from you and always would. Once you understood that, then you could accept the people themselves as they were and not try to change them. What was even more important, perhaps, was that you could love those people who looked at things so differently, because you realized that they were not trying to make life hard for you by being what they were, but were simply doing their best. Then, when you started to love them, love would do the work that it always did and it would begin to transform them and then they would end up seeing things in the same way that you did.
Habeeb Akande|I never ever feel jealous to those who have more than i have,but i just feel jealous to those who could give more than i could.
Charles Bukowski, Sifting Through the Madness for the Word, the Line, the Way|if you have to wait for it to roar out ofyou,then wait patiently.if it never does roar out of you,do something else.
Norman F. Cantor, Antiquity|A very long time ago, some 2.5 million years B.C., the mother of human species as we know it, our ultimate ancestor, appeared in East Africa... She was four feet tall and probably black..
Steven Moffat|Hitler: Thank you, whoever you are. I think you just saved my life.The Doctor: Believe me... It was an accident.
Maya Banks, Whispers in the Dark|Friendly fire was never friendly, and it was coming. Operation Stand-and-Watch was over. Did that mean Operation Bust-His-Balls was on deck?
William Gibson, Neuromancer|And [Asimov]'ll sign anything, hardbacks, softbacks, other people's books, scraps of paper. Inevitably someone handed him a blank check on the occasion when I was there, and he signed that without as much as a waver to his smile — except that he signed: 'Harlan Ellison.
Nick Bantock, The Venetian's Wife: A Strangely Sensual Tale of a Renaissance Explorer, a Computer, and a Metamorphosis|So answer me, are you merely a cowardly Moses, pointing the way to the Promised Land but poisoned by doubt and so unable to cross the River Jordan?
Algis Valiunas|Perhaps no theoretical man can be equal to such a burden: to feel knowledge as power when one’s mind reshapes the world irrevocably, to see the light of truth as the agent of some dark majesty, is not grace but ordeal.
Katie McGarry, Crash into You|After having imposed itself on us like the egomaniac it is, clamouring about its own needs, foisting upon us its own sordid and perilous desires, the body's final trick is simply to absent itself. Just when you need it, just when you could use an arm or a leg, suddenly the body has other things to do. It falters, it buckles under you; it melts away as if made of snow, leaving nothing much. Two lumps of coal, an old hat, a grin made of pebbles. The bones dry sticks, easily broken.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Preparation will not only fortify your confidence to approach life from a position of strength, but it will impress other people as well.
Martin Luther|Pray, and let God worry.
John Lydon|When I was a grad student at MIT, I had a chance to become friends with the Viking Mission's chief scientist, Dr. Gerald Soffen. Viking was the first Mars lander looking for signs of life on Mars.
Marin Sorescu|DestinyThe chicken I bought last night,Frozen,Returned to life,Laid the biggest egg in the world,And was awarded the Nobel Prize.The phenomenal eggWas passed from hand to hand,In a few weeks had gone all round the earth,And round the sunIn 365 days.The hen received who knows how much hard currency,Assessed in buckets of grainWhich she couldn’t manage to eatBecause she was invited everywhere,Gave lectures, granted interviews,Was photographed.Very often reporters insistedThat I too should poseBeside her.And so, having served artThroughout my life,All of a sudden I’ve attained to fameAs a poultry breeder.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|What's more toxic than what they have done, think, or have said about you is how you let your mind receive it. In a world as ours filled with so much noise and hate, what suffers the most is our minds. Know when to keep your mind shut!
Ainslie Hogarth, The Lonely|So, where are you from?" Agent Carson asked Reyes. "Originally?"I whirled around to face him again, this time pinning him with a warning glare. Carson was an FBI agent, but I was all about stealth. Surely she wouldn't pick up on my silent threat.He studied my mouth, not the least bit worried about my warning glare, then said at last, "Here and t
Claude M. Bristol|To follow, without halt, one aim: that's the secret of success.
George Orwell, 1984|The last thing I want to tell you is this: in a real revolution—not a simple dynastic change or a mere reform of institutions—in a real revolution the best characters do not come to the front. A violent revolution falls into the hands of narrow-minded fanatics and of tyrannical hypocrites at first. Afterwards comes the turn of all the pretentious intellectual failures of the time. Such are the chiefs and the leaders. You will notice that I have left out the mere rogues. The scrupulous and the just, the noble, humane, and devoted natures; the unselfish and the intelligent may begin a movement—but it passes away from them. They are not the leaders of a revolution. They are its victims: the victims of disgust, of disenchantment—often of remorse. Hopes grotesquely betrayed, ideals caricatured—that is the definition of revolutionary success. There have been in every revolution hearts broken by such successes. But enough of that. My meaning is that I don’t want you to be a victim.
Michael Ealy|Barbra Streisand is without a doubt one of the most honest people I have ever known. There is no doubt in my mind that she will not be doing any more concerts. Of course, she still will be making records and starring and directing in movies.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Without deep darkness, we fail to appreciate the light.
Tanya R. Simon|I am sick of the dern box! I have not only stepped out of the hateful piece of cardboard, I have burned it and scattered the ashes over my past.
Sarah E. Olson, Becoming One: A Story of Triumph Over Dissociative Identity Disorder|I can be a stupid girl inside of a crazy woman at times over you. If I weren’t, you should be worried! We all do stupid shit. I might as well be a fool for someone worth it.
Nicholas Meyer|Art and commerce are not irreconciliable, they are inextricably intertwined.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Wait for You|Thinking of you, wherever you areWe pray for our sorrows to end,and hope that our hearts will blend.Now I will step forward to realize this wish.And who knows,starting a new journey may not be so hardOr maybe it has already begun.There are many worlds.but they share the same skyone sky, one destiny. Kairi
Carolyn Jewel, In the Duke's Arms|You are walking to Hope Springs?” “Yes, Your Grace.” “In this weather?” She glanced around and gave him a smile. “I haven’t any other weather to walk in.
Sunday Adelaja|We are not supposed to run after miracles but we are supposed to run after self-perfection, self-growth, self - improvements.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Milena found Cilia outside, holding her bamboo box. Milena hugged her. ‘I’m sorry about your shins,’ she said. Milena lifted the lid of the box, and saw it, the precious paper, ruled in staves. People were generous. Milena had never believed that.
Alin Sav|Some doors are open, but we are still searching for the right keys.
Kristen Henderson, Drum Machine|Sure, I watched the workmen come and lower large pieces of rotten sheetrock and lift new clean panels on a pulleyfrom that same window months ago, and I could have written then, but I must have sensed her coming, the smoker, so I waited.
Sami Abouzid|With all my heart , I’m willing to try a start
Dorothea Dix|I do not deny that I planned sabotage. I did not plan it in a spirit of recklessness nor because I have any love of violence. I planned it as a result of a calm and sober assessment of the political situation that had arisen after many years of tyranny, exploitation and oppression of my people by the whites.
William Stafford, The Way It Is: New and Selected Poems|Oh, the summer night / HAS A SMILE OF LIGHT / And she sits on a sapphire throne.
Michel Foucault|Together we will act to bring about national reconciliation, secure Malaysia's economic future, and build a stronger, more harmonious society.
Maggie Gallagher|We all need money, but there are degrees of desperation.
Fay Weldon|Why didn’t you dare it before? he asked harshly.When I hadn’t a job? When I was starving? When I was just as I am now, as a man, as an artist, the same Martin Eden? That’s the question. I’ve been asking myself for many a day. My brain is the same old brain. And what is puzzling me is why they want me now. Surely they don’t want me for myself, for myself the same olf self they did not want. They must want me for something else, for something that is outside of me, for something that is not I. Shall I tell you what that something is? It is for the recognition I have recieved. That recognition is not I. Then again for the money I have earned and am earnin. But money is not I. And is it for the recognition and money, that you now want me?
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Try not to leave your work for someone else to do. If possible, carry the work of someone and add it to yours. That's a trait of leaders!
Sylvia Dolson, Joy of Bears|I asked "What do you even do with a chimera?""What wouldn't you do with a chimera?" Jeff asked. "They're like the Swiss Army knife of animals.
Tanith Lee, The Book of the Beast|If Christ is the head of the church and we are the body, lets be disciples who master the noise.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|She has one hell of a dark soul,but damn,it’s so full of light!
Bill Goldberg|To make extra money, my parents would sell eggs and chickens. I was very little. I remember a chicken's head being chopped off with the chicken running around. I wasn't sure if my imagination was running away with me or if it really happened. It really happened.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|Even as we live with the knowledge that each day might be our last, we don’t want to believe it.
Dean Koontz|Why is it we want so badly to memorialize ourselves? Even while we're still alive. We wish to assert our existence, like dogs peeing on fire hydrants.
Auliq Ice|If you stay ready, there's no need to get ready when an opportunity presents itself.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust: First Part|I wanted my home to be a haven, like coming in from the cold to a big warm hug.
Jill Shalvis, Simply Irresistible|I've given up men. It's true. At first, I was just going to give up attorneys, but that seemed immature - and far too exclusive, so I'm playing it safe and giving up all the penis-carrying humans.
Anubhav Mishra|Jump high brother!! So high that if you fall, then people should remark on not how far you fell but how high you jumped
Lenny Bruce|The 'what should be' never did exist, but people keep trying to live up to it. There is no 'what should be,' there is only what is.
Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World|Everything you do is connected to who you are as a person and, in turn, creates the person you are becoming. Everything you do affects those you love. All of life is covenant.Imbedded in the idea of prayer is a richly textured view of the world where all of life is organized around invisible bonds or covenants that knit us together. Instead of a fixed world, we live in our Father's world, a world built for divine relationships between people where, because of the Good News, tragedies become comedies and hope is born.
Kiera Cass, The Selection Stories: The Prince & The Guard|It was dark, so I couldn't make out much of her face, but she had brilliant red hair, like honey and roses and the sun altogether.
Charlaine Harris, Living Dead in Dallas|By the way, I haven't heard an 'I'm sorry' from you yet." My sense of grievance had overwhelmed my sense of self-preservation.I am sorry that the maenad picked on you."I glared at him. "Not enough," I said. I was trying hard to hang on to this conversation.Angelic Sookie, vision of love and beauty, I am prostrate that the wicked evil maenad violated your smooth and voluptuous body, in an attempt to deliver a message to me."That's more like it.
Shay Dawkins, iSin: Upgrade To Life Version 2.0|If you don’t start going after WHAT YOU WANT, then you will NEVER GET WHAT YOU WANT! Do you want to be on your death bed wondering, ‘WHAT IF? WHAT IF I would’ve quit letting life pass me by and just went for it?!’ JUST GO FOR IT! LIVE ALL OUT!
Zac Efron|If this humor be the safety of our race, then it is due largely to the infusion into the American people of the Irish brain.
Greever Williams, Dust on the Mound|Everything in this world seems to be created in pairs. If there is a man, there is a woman—in almost equal numbers. In the same way, there is pleasure with pain, love with hatred, wisdom with ignorance, passion with repulsion, ecstasy with depression, and so on. The world seems to have been divided into two attributes—good and evil. Even God seems to be divided--God Himself and His counterpart—the Devil.
Anthony Liccione|Some people are severely lonely, all they can do is accept the single life as an example of being free and happy.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Pessimism|I believe the uncertain times are almost upon us, and they are much more uncertain than I imagined.
Jessica Kristie|I bleed to un-break you,un-mending me.I fall to save you...now who will save me.
Jim DeMint|The same way that I practiced the violin, the same way that I practiced my dance moves, I decided that I was going to practice being positive and practice loving myself.
Atul Gawande, The Checklist Manifesto: How to Get Things Right|Just ticking boxes is not the ultimate goal here. Embracing a culture of teamwork and discipline is. And if we recognised the opportunity, the two-minute WHO checklist is just a start.
Diana Dentinger, Modus Vivendi: Your Life Your Way|Find Meaning, Find Yourself.
T.J. Klune, Burn|Peterson thought it an unusual friendship, one only the Army could forge.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|If you choose to crawl, so be it. If you choose to stroll, so be it. If you choose to fly, so be it. WHENEVER YOU MAKE A CONSCIOUS CHOICE, YOU KNOCK! (..Knock, and the door will be opened to you.) ~ UNIVERSE LOVES YOU & SO DO I ❤ #StardustAK ❤
Jim Rohn|Big achievements come one small advantage at a time, one step at a time, one day at time.
Robert Lee Wolfe, An Invisible Thread: The War in the Orion Arm|Just like life, reality shifted and twisted out of her grasp [Elena's view on Gran Sasso]
J.K. Norry, Stumbling Backasswards Into the Light|As I prefer to see it, there has never been an epic love story that involved significant amounts of self-control.
Frans de Waal|When people feel a certain religion claims to have all the answers, that's what turns them off.
Mommy Moo Moo|Human souls enfold the elemental elements that we configure to provide our own distinctive explanation of what it means to be alive. By opening our hearts and minds, by engaging in intuitive self-exploration, by telling our life stories full of prejudices and mindboggling idiosyncrasies, and by listening to the multivariate stories of our brethren, we add a ray of light to the spiraling consciousness of humankind.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When I say time must be converted, what I'm saying is that seconds must be converted, minutes must be converted, hours must be converted and days must be converted.
Charles Martin, Maggie|Maybe the reason nothing seems to be "fixing you" is because you're not broken. Let today be the day you stop living within the confines of how others define or judge you. You have a unique beauty and purpose; live accordingly.
Gretchen Rubin, The Happiness Project: Or Why I Spent a Year Trying to Sing in the Morning, Clean My Closets, Fight Right, Read Aristotle, and Generally Have More Fun|There is a preppy wabi-sabi to soft, faded khakis and cotton shirts, but it's not nice to be surrounded by things that are worn out or stained or used up.
Dogen|Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization.
Malcolm Muggeridge|you're telling me that if i keep dropping bombs into a junkyard, someday all the pieces will blast together into a perfect Mercedes. that's what the big bang proposes. that's what evolution teaches. That chaos gave rise to perfection. But we know it works the other way round don't we?
Jim Sturgess|Assume everything you put on the Internet can and will be seen not only by the person you're talking about, but your future romantic partners and bosses, too.
Jillian Dodd, Stalk Me|Saylor and Beau worked together not like a piston head turned by a camshaft, but like the torque created from such synchronicity.
Barbara De Angelis|They are of the dream time. I don't understand it, I can't say it in words. Everything dreams. The play of form, of being, is the dreaming of substance. Rocks have their dreams, and the earth changes. . . .But when the mind becomes conscious, when the rate of evolution speeds up, then you have to be careful. Careful of the world. You must learn the way. You must learn the skills, the art, the limits. A conscious mind must be part of the whole, intentionally and carefully--as the rock is part of the whole unconsciously. Do you see? Does it mean anything to you?
Ed Lynskey, Quiet Anchorage|Quote is taken from Chapter 1:A decade ago when Isabel’s husband Max had died, they’d moved in together and merged their possessions. Neither sister brought any fussy teapots, canaries, sachets, or doilies, but lots of other stuff had to either stay or go. Looking at the lime green gave Alma the willies. Her suggestion to slipcover it in a more subdued color had garnered Isabel’s frosty stare, and Alma had dropped the matter.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Just like your body and lifestyle can be healthy or unhealthy, the same is true with your beliefs. Your beliefs can be your medicine or your poison.
Bob Goff, Love Does: Discover a Secretly Incredible Life in an Ordinary World|...we need to stop plotting the course and instead just land the plane on our plans to make a difference by getting to the "do" part of faith.
Denis de Rougemont, Love in the Western World|What stirs lyrical poets to their finest flights is neither the delight of the senses nor the fruitful contentment of the settled couple; not the satisfaction of love, but its passion. And passion means suffering.
Ingeborg Bachmann, The Thirtieth Year: Stories|A book, child. A book just for you, in a lost language.
Jonathan Harr, A Civil Action|Rich and famous and doing good," mused Schlichtmann. "Rich isn't so difficult. Famous isn't so difficult. Rich and famous together aren't so difficult. Rich, famous, and doing good--now, that's very difficult.
Virginia Woolf, Selected Essays|And if we can imagine the art of fiction come alive and standing in our midst, she would undoubtedly bid us break her and bully her, as well as honour and love her, for so her youth is renewed and her sovereignty assured.
Helen Rowland|When the heart of your heart opens  you can take deep pleasure in the company of the people around you . . . When you are open to the beauty  mystery  and grandeur of ordinary existence  you "get it" that it always has been beautiful  mysterious  and grand and always will be.
Abigail Tarttelin|#ToTheGirls2016 Value yourself, your voice, your body, your opinions, your dreams, your pride, your ego. You have a RIGHT to take up space.
Susan Ee|Yes, I'm shallow, I don't mind admitting it. Perhaps I should admit that there's no end to the depths of my shallowness.
Nourhan Mamdouh|Absolute solution comes from absolute problem, ultimate certainty comes from ultimate uncertainty, total acceptance comes from total rejection, complete perfection comes from complete flaw, ample richness comes from ample poverty, foolproof protection comes from unyielding danger and unlimited liberty comes from unlimited restriction. Each one is coincident of another as dark is coincident of light.To such a degree, never try to escape from them.Rather bravely and wisely engage to sort them out . You know, these wonderful stuffs fetch for its tail all wonderful-reverse-stuffs, making your life tested and dignified.Never give up rather wake-up, have a great shower, eat, dress up and join in the struggle. Neither dishearten yourself nor give ears to others' words, just keep faith on you, believe your own intuition and keep the struggle going...I am damn sure, Success, it must lay its head eventually beneath your noble feet as a flunky of order execution and will crown you as the king. Many Cheers from Lord Robin.
Alexis  Hall, Glitterland|She placed her hands, one on each of his shoulders, stood on her toes and kissed him on the lips. He waited, enjoying the moment like none before.
Frederick Salomon Perls|Always keep in mind that even your most dreadful expectations, are still nothing more than mere assumptions
Kailash Satyarthi|When I am president, I will work to ensure that all of our kids are treated equally and protected equally. Every action I take, I will ask myself, 'Does this make life better for young Americans in Baltimore, Chicago, Detroit, Ferguson, who have as much of a right to live out their dreams as any other child America?'
Lovely Goyal, I Love the Way You Love Me|Most of things in life are two way, like sometimes, there are tears of happiness too.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Bravery without forethought, causes a man to fight blindly and desperately like a mad bull.  Such an opponent, must not be encountered with brute force, but may be lured into an ambush and slain.
Krishna Udayasankar, Kurukshetra|… the greatest mystery, the greatest wonder of creation is that we are capable of both relentless reason and boundless love ... It is not about what we are, but what we can become.– Govinda Shauri
Jodi Picoult, Vanishing Acts|It doesn't take long to persuade each other to stop seeing a person as a person. And when enough people are quiet for long enough, a handful of voices can give the impression that everyone is screaming.
Rebecca McNutt|We make, see, and love films, not digitals. To convert all of our movies, home videos, theaters, photographs and television to digital would be like telling a painter to throw away his brushes and canvas for an I-Pad. Celluloid isn't just nostalgic, it's an art form and, like it or not, it's superior to digital. It lasts much longer, it provides grain and brighter colors, and it takes more effort so that it produces something wonderful. With the inferior binary codes, pixels and untested shelf-life of digital files, plus the fact that these days anyone with a digital camera, even a two-year-old, can make a video and pollute the world with self-photography and cat pictures, film has a lot more integrity and worth than digital.
Aldous Huxley, After Many a Summer Dies the Swan|It is only by enlarging the scope of one’s tastes and one’s fantasies, by sacrificing everything to pleasure, that the unfortunate individual called Man, thrown despite himself into this sad world, can succeed in gathering a few roses among life’s thorns
Mehmet Murat ildan|When you turn your back to the truth, the truth will soon appear before you!
Michael Caine|Two of my three siblings are older, so I suppose I learned from them and became a very avid reader at a young age, which I think enough cannot be said for what you can discover through literature.
J.R. Rim|She who dies with the most toys is, nonetheless, still dead.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Future shackled is when tomorrow is anchored, boxed and managed to maximize the minimizing of uncertainty.
Michelle M. Pillow, Spellbound|Would it make you feel better if I had a panic attack?" Jane sat on the couch and suppressed a small yawn. "I mean, it's almost four in the morning and a little early for a panic attack, but I can try to muster up the energy to fake one.
Benjamin R.  Smith, Atlas|Journey to the end of day, Come the fire-fly, Come the moon; Say a prayer for God's good grace And sleep with lore upon your face.
Walter de la Mare, Ghost Stories|He who profits by villainy, has perpetrated it.
Jennifer Harrison, Write like no one is reading|I once asked Randy how he knew that he had fallen in love with his girlfriend, Amy, and he just looked at me like it was the hardest question in the world. I expected some floral, florid explanation, about the air lightening and flute music filling his ears. This relationship that had him so transfixed—I expected a masterpiece of sentiment, one that would make me so happy for him and so empty inside. Instead he just turned to me and said,“The minute I knew I was in love was the minute when there was no question about it. One night I was lying in the dark, looking at her looking at me, and it just was there, undeniable.”There is no question about it.
Muriel Rukeyser|The poet may be used as a barometer, but let us not forget that he is also part of the weather.
Richard K. Morgan, Altered Carbon|Contentment is a pearl of great price, and whoever procures it at the expense of ten thousand desires makes a wise and a happy purchase.
Neil Gaiman, Neverwhere|If the militarily most powerful and least threatened states need nuclear weapons for their security, how can one deny such security to countries that are truly insecure? The present nuclear policy is a recipe for proliferation. It is a policy for disaster.
Randeep Hooda|Movies are not novels, and that's why, when filmmakers try to adapt novels, particularly long or complex novels, the result is almost always failure. It can't be done.
Eraldo Banovac|A friend is a person who always understands your preoccupations, even when other people do not perceive them at all.
Osho, Awareness: The Key to Living in Balance|You go on trying and trying, and you make many decisions and you take many vows,but nothing happens -- you remain the same. Not that you have not tried,not that you have not tried enough, you have tried and tried and tried. And you fail because it is not a question of effort. More effort won't help. It is a question of being alert, not of effort.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|When the going gets tough, the tough gets going.
Ted Rubin|Let him talk," said Dupin, who had not thought it necessary to reply. "Let him discourse; it will ease his conscience, I a satisfied with having defeated him in his own castle.
Michael  Grant, Eve & Adam|I just read this great quote by Junot Diaz, he was talking about true intimacy, and he was saying that it was the willingness to be vulnerable and to be found out. That’s what I felt that YA did. It wasn't pretentious, and it wasn’t hiding its heart. It wanted to be found out...It felt like those moments when you go to a party and you're standing around for a long time, going, I don't fit in here, what am I going to talk to these people about? And everybody's getting drunk, and then you find this one person, and you end up sitting in some corner talking about all these arcane things.And then before you know it you're having a conversation about the meaning of life and it's four o’clock in the morning. That kind of feeling, that kind of intimacy — I felt like that's what I got from YA.
Ellen Barkin|My children have never watched any of my films. Charlie knows that daddy makes movies, but he says they are not good enough for him to watch.
