Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Festus just detected a large group of eagles behind us—long-range radar, still not in sight.”Piper leaned over the console. “Are you sure they’re Roman?”Leo rolled his eyes. “No, Pipes. It could be a random group of giant eagles flying in perfect formation. Of course they’re Roman!
Orson Scott Card, Shadow of the Hegemon|What a laugh, though. To think that one human being could ever really know another. You could get used to each other, get so habituated that you could speak their words right along with them, but you never know why other people said what they said or did what they did, because they never even know themselves. Nobody understands anybody.
H.W. Brands|His charm was not electric, but it was enveloping.
Derrick Rose|Once more, Never think that you can live to God by your own power or strength; but always look to and rely on him for assistance, yea, for all strength and grace.
|A lot of things in life take time to manifest into reality. But as for self-love, there's no excuse to not have it in your life right at this very moment. It is free, and it's only a matter of changing your thoughts and beliefs to always compliment your inner-self.
William Golding|Rural and traditional escapism. That’s my angle. Places and events where we are free to relax and be ourselves, where nobody tells us to hurry along or conform or grow up. Somewhere we can properly live.
Albert Schweitzer|Compassion, in which all ethics must take root, can only attain its full breadth and depth if it embraces all living creatures and does not limit itself to mankind.
Auliq-Ice|If you need someone to explain morality to you, then you likely have little of it to draw from.
David Rakoff, Half Empty|There will be peaks of great joy from which to crow and vales of tears out of which to climb. When and why they will happen, no one can say, but they will happen. To all of us. We will all go back and forth from one to the other countless times during a lifetime. This is not some call to bipartisanship between inimical sides. The Happy and the Sad are the same population.
Hannah Fielding|As the sun began to rise, the man reached out to the woman, and they clasped hands. He cradled her, and languidly they lifted themselves up to their feet, their bodies brushing, their eyes lost in each other's. Sensuously, deliberately, they danced, moving as though they were one, their body language smooth as their limbs carefully unfolded. They twirled and rocked, intertwined and separated, nearly leaning onto one another but barely touching, their movements sometimes tender, sometimes almost violent...Moments passed while the dancers held tight to each other, as though their bodies were melting together. The expression on their features as they lifted their faces to the sky was one of unimaginable joy.
Mark Buchanan, Your God Is Too Safe: Rediscovering the Wonder of a God You Can't Control|One of the most convicting things I have recently come to realize about Jesus is that He was never, not once, in a hurry.
Prajakta Mhadnak|The various worms eat one's body after its death; conversely, cancer cells eat one's body, when it breathes, since the failure of medical research.
Leo Buscaglia|I believe that you control your destiny, that you can be what you want to be. You can also stop and say, 'No, I won't do it, I won't behave his way anymore. I'm lonely and I need people around me, maybe I have to change my methods of behaving,' and then you do it.
Tom Clancy|Tragically, the effort to make America and the world safer and to defend freedom around the world is not without an enormous cost to this Nation in terms primarily of lost lives and those who bear the scars and the wounds of war, and their families who must bear these losses.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|The book exists for us perchance which will explain our miracles and reveal new ones. The at present unutterable things we may find somewhere uttered. These same questions that disturb and puzzle and confound us have in their turn occurred to all the wise men; not one has been omitted; and each has answered them, according to his ability, by his words and his life.
Tessa Harris, The Dead Shall Not Rest|As a writer, I will go down any dark alley, inch my way through the tightest crawl space, and feed on your every fear. I will take your sense of calm and tear it to shreds. - Horror Author Barbara Watkins
Lailah Gifty Akita|With the spirit of endurance, we shall strive in any situation.
Matthew Henry|I’m not God, and I can’t always offer chances. I’m not sure if this won’t be your last.
Movie Quote|More than any of us, she had written her own story; yet she could not wash it out with all her tears, return to her victims what she had torn from them, and by so doing, save herself...
Lailah Gifty Akita|Love is the greatest gift, we can give to each other.
Mignon McLaughlin|Many a friendship, long, loyal, and self-sacrificing, rested at first on no thicker a foundation than a kind word.
Sean J Halford, Stronger Than Lions|No more Guernicas, no more Auschwitzes, no more Hiroshimas, no more Setifs. Hooray! But what about the impossibility of living, what about this stifling mediocrity and this absence of passion? What about the jealous fury in which the rankling of never being ourselves drives us to imagine that other people are happy? What about this feeling of never really being inside your own skin?
Sinclair Lewis, Elmer Gantry|The Maker of the universe with stars a hundred thousand light-years apart was interested, furious, and very personal about it if a small boy played baseball on Sunday afternoon.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races|Make sure the seaweed lies flat.''Okay.''Leave an inch below the knee.''Okay.''It's got to be loose enough to put a finger in the top.''Sean Kendrick.' I say it emphatically enough that the stallion's ears prick toward me. (...)Sean doesn't appear to be at all apologetic. 'I think you'd better let me do that after all.''You're the one who had me in here in the first place.' I say. 'Now I think it's you who doesn't trust me.''It's not just you,' He replies.I glower at him. 'Well, I'll tell you what. I'll hold him and you wrap. That way, when it's done wrong, there's only yourself to slap. And take your jacket. I'm tired of holding it.
Stephanie Bishop, The Other Side of the World|Are all societies doomed to amnesia—or are there communities that have preserved their collective cultural memory?The world, which is the private property of a few, suffers from amnesia. It is not an innocent amnesia. The owners prefer not to remember that the world was born yearning to be a home for everyone.
Cocoy McCoy|You think if someone does a brave deed quite suddenly, then he or she could never do a mean one? You are wrong. We all have good and bad in us, and we have to strive all the time to make the good cancel out the bad. We can never be perfect - we all of us do mean or wrong things at times - but we can at least make amends by trying to cancel out the wrong by doing something worthy later on.
ramankundal|My heart is really pounding," I said. "That's how you know you're having fun.
Radhika Mundra|Spread love, joy and compassion because the world needs it, for hatred and pain need no escort; they know how to survive without it.
George Orwell, All Art is Propaganda: Critical Essays|On the whole human beings want to be good, but not too good, and not quite all the time.
Shakti Gawain|In order to heal themselves, people must recognize, first, that they have an inner guidance deep within and, second, that they can trust it.
Margaret Atwood|While some of us burned on the edges of life, insatiable and straining to see more deeply in, he sat complacently at the centre and let life come to him — so much of it, evidently, that he could not keep track of his appointments.
James Rozoff|I write pre-apocalyptic fiction. In other words, I’m not interested in a future where everything is blown to hell, I’d rather write something that helps to prevent it from happening.
Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment|The best day of your life is the one on which you decide your life is your own. No apologies or excuses. No one to lean on, rely on, or blame. The gift is yours - it is an amazing journey - and you alone are responsible for the quality of it. This is the day your life really begins.
Steve Maraboli, The Power of One|How would your life be different if...you began each day by thanking someone who has helped you? Let today be the day...You make it a point to show your gratitude to others. Send a letter or card, make a call, send a text or email, tell them in person...do whatever you have to do to let them know you appreciate them.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|His kiss was fierce, desperate, and slow, drugging. A shudder passed through me, warming my body from the inside out. All my defenses dissolved. We started making out again and I let Trent slip his hand inside my top. This time, when he kissed me, something inside me awoke and a shudder warmed my skin. Our kisses got more passionate and hotter. His fingers slid over my bra, and a turbulent ache burned through my body.
Zig Ziglar|When we talk about the kind of folks whose lives will be made better by raising the minimum wage, we're not talking about a couple teenagers earning extra spending money to supplement their allowance. We're talking about providers and breadwinners. Working Americans with bills to pay and mouths to feed.
David Gaider, The Stolen Throne|I fall off horses," he explained to Loghain with a sickly grin. "It's this thing I do.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Saint Francis|Satan was seen buying a cafe au lait of Friday the thirteenth in the year of the dog. He was wearing a Mexican wrestling mask and a monocle on a gold chain the color of the sun. The lights of the casino filled his good eye. Our days are numbered, our weeks are fading away.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|When I act, I act on behalf of who or what I love. Even when I have to fight against something, it is because of what I value and love.
Jack W. Szostak|The source of man is in man,and when a man dies,millions of men die in him.
Toby Barlow, Sharp Teeth|Perfectionism is a delusion that can rob one of a very successful, enriching life if not careful.
Amelia Hutchins, Darkest Before Dawn|Hawai'i is the only place in the fifty states where you can see the stars of the entire northern and southern hemispheres. Here, stars that can't be seen from the mainland are visible, along with stars that aren't visible from Australia.
Anthony Liccione|My brain as the engine, with thoughts trailing to the caboose, on a one-track mind we keep going forward.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Your destiny grows clearer, Jason Grace. When the choice comes again- storm or fire- remember me. And do not despair.
Katrina Abbott, Masquerade|What can I do?” his gaze on me was intense, like I was some sort of love guru or something. I almost laughed out loud at how unqualified I was for that position.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|From now on when people asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up, I planned to say, Amnesiac.
Michael  Grant, Hunger|Always serve too much hot fudge sauce on hot fudge sundaes.It makes people overjoyed, and puts them in your debt.
Maimonides|What I love most about animation is, it's a team sport, and everything we do is about pure imagination.
Penny Reid, Grin and Beard It|She was a damn good kisser, maybe the best I'd ever had the immense pleasure of kissing. It helped that her lips were like pillows and she tasted sweet. Not like strawberries or peaches. Sunshine and sweet—her own brand of it. Plus there was desperation in the kiss, an understated but raw passion I couldn't recall ever experiencing before.Or maybe that had been me. Maybe I'd been the passionate, desperate one. No matter. Either way, she'd stolen my breath, robbed me of thought and sense. She was a master thief, and I loved her for it.
Mark Ruffalo|Complex tasks are often better handled in the back of our mind, and that's often true of creative tasks - when you have something complex to deal with in writing or research or responding to an email. I'll start working, put it aside, and sometimes I'll wake up the next morning with a solution, or I'll find one when I exercise.
Praying Medic, Divine Healing Made Simple: Simplifying the supernatural to make healing & miracles a part of your everyday life|Jesus was the original street healer. He traveled the streets of Israel on foot, staying wherever He found lodging. During His travels He told people the secrets of their hearts, healed all who were sick and demon-possessed, raised the dead and shared the mysteries of the kingdom of God. This was His lifestyle and it could be yours.
Peter Singer, The Life You Can Save: Acting Now to End World Poverty|men, in so far as they live in obedience to reason necessarily do only such things as are necessarily good for human nature, and consequently for each individual man.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|It's never better to make somebody poorer, even if they're rich.
Cristin Harber, Savage Secrets|He was the gorgeous one, brute strength wrapped into one sex god of a man.
Holly Cupala, Don't Breathe a Word|At home, they'd clipped my wings and then caged me so I couldn't fall. Here, they bandaged one another's broken wings, helped each other fly.
Miguel Piñero|when you're cool for twenty,you get paid for twenty-one.
Karin Slaughter|I write every morning. From about a quarter to nine to a quarter to one. It might be nine to one, or 8:30 to 12:30.
Ambrose Bierce|Every job leaves its residue, a bit of extra knowledge, a new skill-set.
Albert Einstein|A grandchild is a miracle, but a renewed relationship with your own children is even a greater one.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Christ can rid you of inner conflict. Man without God is always torn between two urges. His nature prompts him to do wrong, and his conscience urges him to do right.
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|Our ancestors lived in groups of no more than a few hundred people, and those on the other side of a river or mountain range might as well have been living in a separate world. We developed ethical principles to help us to deal with problems within our community, not to help those outside it. The harms that it was considered wrong to cause were generally clear and well defined. We developed inhibitions against, and emotional responses to, such actions, and these instinctive or emotional reactions still form the basis for much of our moral thinking.
K. Abernathy Can You Action Past Your Devil's Advocate|Entrepreneurs, let’s begin to turn our desire and design into reward.
Vikki Wakefield, All I Ever Wanted|The virus that had lay dormant for two years had been reawakened by simply seeing her smile. He thought he would be impervious to it by now, but every time her eyes changed colour, every time she giggled, it just caused the infection to spread. He had no idea why he continued to torment himself this way; burning for a woman he knew he could not have.He happily spent an hour or two with her each day and then braced himself for the self-inflicted torture that inevitably ensued at night. That torture had become his way of life, but he found that a worse fate would be not seeing at all.
Nadège Richards, 5 Miles|She stumbled then and Geryon caught her other arm, it was like a handful of autumn. He felt huge and wrong. When is it polite to let go someone’s arm after you grab it?
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Put into actions what you dream of achieving. It'll amaze you to discover that you can do more than you ever dream of. Just give it a try! Never be idle, take actions now!
Elisabeth Hoemberg, Thy People My People|As politicians know all too well, even a Government that does not represent the wishes of a people can count on their support once the nation is locked in conflict with an external foe.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Live in the present moment, you can't go back to yesterday, you can't leap into tomorrow, Today is your second, minute, hour! Embrace It!
Rebecca Zanetti, Fated|You picked the wrong girl to dominate, Dracula.
Daniel Prokop, Taking It with You|Everyone's dying, Milcah. Some people are just dying sooner than others.
William Howard Taft|If you have the right to influence the laws that are made in your community, why not take the opportunity to do something good?
Immanuel Kant|There's no time like the present to love deeply, claim our power and live our purpose!
Julie Anne Peters, grl2grl|If I was alone I'd find something to do. Read or work on homework or doodle, fake it, so if I was alone it'd look like I wanted to be alone.
Samuel R. Delany, Babel-17|Sometimes you want to say things, and you're missing an idea to make them with, and missing a word to make the idea with. In the beginning was the word. That's how somebody tried to explain it once. Until something is named, it doesn't exist.
Jonathan Swift|I said once that lies have no rights against truth. I was wrong. In daily life, it's the truth that's disenfranchised. What fits the popular narrative, what makes an observer happy with the consistency of events, is what is believed.
Leslie Ford, The Devil's Stronghold|When we become acquainted with any person on a human level, even a great enemy, we begin to see that no person is really so different from ourselves.
Kevin Kelly DO the pursuit of xceptional execution|Attention deficit is no longer the supposed domain of Generation Y’s who were brought up on a diet of social media and new technology. A recent study revealed 65 percent of 55-64 year olds surf, text and watch television simultaneously.
Matthew Kelly, Rediscover Catholicism|Many people falsely believe that if you want to be holy, you are not allowed to enjoy life...Holiness brings us to life. It refines every human ability. Holiness doesn't dampen our emotions; it elevates them. Those who respond to God's call to holiness are the most joyful people in history. They have a richer, more abundant experience of life, and they love more deeply than most people can every imagine. They enjoy life, all of life.
Theodore Volgoff, The Backpack|The only thing that is stuck is your mind, and you have all the power in the world to change it.
Dustin Lance Black|I've just fallen in love with you. What is your name, and please tell me you're gay?
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|I didn't know what to think, but what I felt was magnetic and so big it ached like the moon had entered my chest and filled it up. The only think I could compare it to was the feeling I got one time when I walked from the peach stand and saw the sun spreading across the late afternoon, setting the top of the orchard on fire while darkness collected underneath. Silence had hovered over my head, beauty multiplying in the air, the trees so transparent I felt like I could see through t something pure inside them. My chest ached then, too, this very same way.
Philip Pullman|Perhaps the whole of life is a continuousinterconnecting of miracle,but we don't always realise it.
Matthew Kelly, Rediscovering Catholicism: Journeying Toward Our Spiritual North Star|If thou art called to pass through tribulation; if thou art in perils among false brethren; if thou art in perils among robbers; if thou art in perils by land or by sea;If thou art accused with all manner of false accusations; if thine enemies fall upon thee; if they tear thee from the society of thy father and mother and brethren and sisters; and if with a drawn sword thine enemies tear thee from the bosom of thy wife, and of thine offspring, and thine elder son, although but six years of age, shall cling to thy garments, and shall say, My father, my father, why can’t you stay with us? O, my father, what are the men going to do with you? and if then he shall be thrust from thee by the sword, and thou be dragged to prison, and thine enemies prowl around thee like wolves for the blood of the lamb;And if thou shouldst be cast into the pit, or into the hands of murderers, and the sentence of death passed upon thee; if thou be cast into the deep; if the billowing surge conspire against thee; if fierce winds become thine enemy; if the heavens gather blackness, and all the elements combine to hedge up the way; and above all, if the very jaws of hell shall gape open the mouth wide after thee, know thou, my son, that all these things shall give thee experience, and shall be for thy good.The Son of Man hath descended below them all. Art thou greater than he?
Carolina Herrera|When we set out our original program from the beginning, obviously our markets were pretty limited, and we were thinking about them mostly as U.S. shows, and they would travel like other U.S. shows have.
Nessa Carey, The Epigenetics Revolution|The most powerful sex organ was the brain, you know what that meansPoor Justin!
Keira D. Skye|You are my star and you have made me see,” he tells her, “and I am the air beneath your wings, never rending, never ending.
Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient|Americans may have no identity, but they do have wonderful teeth.
Anne Sexton|Depression is boring, I thinkand I would do better to makesome soup and light up the cave.
Gayle Forman, If I Stay|Life is a big fat gigantic stinking mess, that's the beauty of it, too.
Charles Darwin, The Descent of Man and Selection in Relation to Sex, Vol 1|White, is not a race, it is a color, European, is not a race, it is a place named after the goddess Europa. Caucasian, is not a race, it is a place and mountain range. Gentile, is not a race, it is a biblical name that was given to describe Aryans as non-Jews. Aryan is the biological correct name of our race! Aryan is who we are by blood and the genetic source of our being and beginning. All the numerous names, German, French, Irish, Scotch, Polish, Italian, Norwegian and on and on are simply the many tribal names of the Aryan people.
William Stafford|And what does God ask of you?” “To fly without wings. To do what seems impossible. To cling to our loves through the rapids of our hates. To know that God charges us with the task of making these miracles. They exist between person and person, as flame goes from candle to candle. To know that all we can know of right or wrong is through the way our acts are revealed in the lives of other people. There is no other way to see God. It is not given to us.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|Because I’ve got a lot more terms of endearment to use. Honey pie. Sugarplum. Bread pudding."“Why are they all high-calorie foods?
Pascalle Lepas|Dorian, Dorian," she cried, "before I knew you, acting was the one reality of my life. It was only in the theatre that I lived. I thought that it was all true. I was Rosalind one night and Portia the other. The joy of Beatrice was my joy, and the sorrows of Cordelia were mine also. I believed in everything. The common people who acted with me seemed to me to be godlike. The painted scenes were my world. I knew nothing but shadows, and I thought them real. You came—oh, my beautiful love!— and you freed my soul from prison. You taught me what reality really is. To-night, for the first time in my life, I saw through the hollowness, the sham, the silliness of the empty pageant in which I had always played. To-night, for the first time, I became conscious that the Romeo was hideous, and old, and painted, that the moonlight in the orchard was false, that the scenery was vulgar, and that the words I had to speak were unreal, were not my words, were not what I wanted to say. You had brought me something higher, something of which all art is but a reflection.
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|It seems the guys who are best at sex approach it with the serenity of a Buddhist monk. They are never going to beg for it and when the time is right (and all signs point to yes), then they take charge masterfully and completely.
Howard Moss, The Magic Lantern of Marcel Proust|The enchantments of the past must always become the disenchantments of the future. But memory, a preservative, may intervene. The embalmer of original enchantments, it is the only human faculty that can outwit the advance of chronological time. Art, the embalmer of memory, is the only human vocation in which the time regained by memory can be permanently fixed.
Purba Chakraborty, Shades Of Life|There have been people in my life who meant me well, taught me valuable lessons, and others who have meant me ill and have given me ample notification that my world is not meant to be all peaches and cream.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|A man’s spirit is his self. That entity which is his consciousness. To think, to feel, to judge, to act are functions of the ego.
Enrico Colantoni|It's like watching a car accident, that reality TV.
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|Definitions from Mulla Do-PiazaBribe	Substitute for law, which is a substitute for justice.
Orrin Woodward|A man who aspires to rise above the mediocre, to be something more than the ordinary, surely deserves admiration, even if he fails and loses a fortune on account of his ambitions(...)if one has failed only where others have not had the courage or will to try, there is consolation - indeed, deep satisfaction - to be gained from his observation when looking back over one's life.#Page no.134
J. Lynn, Wait for You|Then there was a silence he had never before experienced: in it, you could hear the years.
Bradley B. Dalina|The truth is, Everyone was taken before, What hurts is that, sometimes they are imprisoned with their past.
Debra Anastasia, Saving Poughkeepsie|I don’t know if he’ll even look at me, because I can barely look at myself.
Lynn Gardener|If it's any consolation, Princess, I think he's a supercilious, salacious sap.""You've been reading the dictionary!""My only hope of comprehending your conversation, my petite sesquipedalian.
Chloe Thurlow, The Secret Life of Girls|Beautiful girls are not a decoration, arm candy, an object. They are, whether they know it or not, the very essence of our humanity.
Valentino Garavani|To me, the newspaper business was a way to learn about life and how things worked in the real world and how people spoke. You learn all the skills - you learn to listen, you learn to take notes - everything you use later as a novelist was valuable training in the newspaper world. But I always wanted to write novels.
Israelmore Ayivor|Obstacles are weak walls without foundations; if you fear them, they will defeat you. But the fact is that they are even afraid of you. So why frightened?
Veronica Rossi, Into the Still Blue|Well, best to remain vigilant. It’s when everything is calm that you need to be most alert.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Success, just like poverty, is a state of mind.
Stephen M. Irwin, The Dead Path|Laine taped the last box shut. That was it, then: All of Gavin's belongings put away; some for charity, some for the dump, some to be saved for a happier 'one day' that Laine felt, right now, was as distant as the stars.
Annastacia Dickerson|I have often wondered if the irrational fear some men have of women that incites them to subjugate and oppress the female species begins in the adage: "I brought you into this world, I can take you out!
Avijeet Das|And the golden rays of your love made me warm on cold, wintry nights.
Salman Rushdie, Shame|I have a friend — or had a friend, now dead — Abdus Salam, a very devout Muslim, who was trying to bring science into the universities in the Gulf states and he told me that he had a terrible time because, although they were very receptive to technology, they felt that science would be a corrosive to religious belief, and they were worried about it… and damn it, I think they were right. It is corrosive of religious belief, and it’s a good thing too.
Elisabet Sahtouris|Caterpillars chew their way through ecosystems leaving a path of destruction as they get fatter and fatter. When they finally fall asleep and a chrysalis forms around them, tiny new imaginal cells, as biologists call them, begin to take form within their bodies. The caterpillar’s immune system fights these new cells as though they were foreign intruders, and only when they crop up in greater numbers and link themselves together are they strong enough to survive. Then the caterpillar’s immune system fails and its body dissolves into a nutritive soup which the new cells recycle into their developing butterfly. The caterpillar is a necessary stage but becomes unsustainable once its job is done. There is no point in being angry with it and there is no need to worry about defeating it. The task is to focus on building the butterfly, the success of which depends on powerful positive and creative efforts in all aspects of society and alliances built among those engaged in them.
Leonard Sax, Why Gender Matters: What Parents and Teachers Need to Know about the Emerging Science of Sex Differences|I'm as apolitical as possible. I don't hang out with too many people. I'm a loner. For the most part, when I show up, I read a book or work on my computer, and stay out of everybody else's way.
Frank Cottrell Boyce|Oh. My. God.’ she said, pointing out of the window. ‘Do you know what that is?’I nodded and said, ‘I think I may have seen it before.’‘That,’ said Florida, ‘is the Moonyouidiot.
Kim Kardashian|Every new car, you open the door, and you look at all those internal mellifluous swoopy bits, and they have no meaning.
Jo Walton, Among Others|I'm only fifteen. I'm not sure I ever want to get married. I'm neither messing around while waiting nor looking for some "real thing". What I want is much more complicated. I want somebody to talk about books, who would be my friend, and why couldn't we have sex as well if we wanted to? (And used contraception.) I'm not looking for romance. Lord Peter and Harriet would seem a pretty good model to me. I wonder if Wim has read Sayers?
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|When faced with a radical crisis, when the old way of being in the world, of interacting with each other and with the realm of nature doesn't work anymore, when survival is threatened by seemingly insurmountable problems, an individual life-form -- or a species -- will either die or become extinct or rise above the limitations of its condition through an evolutionary leap.
David DiBenedetto, Good Dog: True Stories of Love, Loss, and Loyalty|Lady Ligeia," he began again, "is a woman in the literature who returns from the dead, taking over another woman's body to be with her true love.""Oh, yes. Lovely" Isobel blanched. "I guess the other chick didn't mind at all?
Ray Bradbury, The Martian Chronicles|The image I'd had of myself as a child was someone I'd never be, and it was only recently that I realized it was okay to be who I was. - Cat
Joe Cawley|Worried moonI'm afraid of what's to comeWorried moonYeah, tell me what you knowWorried moonYou see further down the roadWorried moon
Laurie Halse Anderson, The Impossible Knife of Memory|Sure, I had been accused of murder by my family and was wrapped up in a bizarre investigation, but there were such cute boys involved. Hey, I try to look on the bright side.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Being and Nothingness|It is therefore senseless to think of complaining since nothing foreign has decided what we feel, what we live, or what we are.
Erik Pevernagie|Reality is not what we see, reality is what we think we see.
Eve Silver, Dark Desires|We can’t spend our lives wondering, ‘what if?’ We must simply make the best of what we have. -Lady Mary Wynne-Jones
Carl Bernstein, All the President's Men|Aware that much of the story was out of his hands, he tried to exercise what control he could: he hovered around the reporters' typewriters as they wrote, passed them questions as they talked on the phone to sources, demanded to be briefed after they hung up or returned from a meeting. Now, gulping down antacid tablets, Rosenfeld grilled Bernstein and Woodward to find out how solid this latest story was.
Sofia Samatar, The Winged Histories|[h]ope, like a desert aloe. Hope, stubborn and bitter to the taste. That hides water. That bears the drought. An ugly plant with the power to heal.
TheKatAttack|When life gives up on you, know that your best friend will always be there.
Ron Baratono|Being a good parent requires being an outstanding sales person. Direct communication and motivating our children, or young adults with our ideals isn't easy. It's a lifetime job and job of a lifetime.
Trent Franks|I'm going to write a book, continue acting, continue motivational speaking and just share with people who I am and what I've learned in my second chance of life and pass it on to people in their first chance of life.
Rahul Gandhi|If American politics are too dirty for women to take part in, there's something wrong with American politics.
Abhijit Naskar, The Spirituality Engine|While every chapter should have goals to further the plot and delve our readers deeper into our world, there must be one goal above all else: Emotional Impact.
Monica R. Martinez|In a 1968 study of daily life in classrooms, Philip W. Jackson wrote that students spend as much as 50 percent of their time waiting for something to happen. They wait for teachers to pass out papers. They wait for slower students to get their questions answered. They wait for the lunch bell to ring. Alas, forty-five years after Jackson published his book, millions of American students are still waiting. They’re waiting for all of the old reasons, and one relatively new one: they’re waiting for our education system to catch up with their lives.
Wendy J. Dunn|Get through a draft as quickly as possible. Hard to know the shape of the thing until you have a draft. Literally, when I wrote the last page of my first draft of Lincoln’s Melancholy I thought, Oh, shit, now I get the shape of this. But I had wasted years, literally years, writing and re-writing the first third to first half. The old writer’s rule applies: Have the courage to write badly.
Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism|I walked and walked, sometimes with an objective- a friend's house, a shop, the church or school- but mostly at random, to outrun oppression.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|If a man cannot understand the beauty of life, it is probably because life never understood the beauty in him.
Anne Graham Lotz|From the gut comes the strut, and where hunger reigns, strength abstains.
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|But there's a beginning in an end, you know? It's true that you can't reclaim what you had, but you can lock it up behind you. Start fresh.
Robert Shapiro|Let's not forget, it was the government, Department of Finance and Central Bank that decided to unfairly land the taxpayers of this country with unmitigated losses of Anglo and massive legacy issues that would have been expected when nationalising a fraudulent bank.
Human Angels, We are human angels|Human beings, when confronted with the strange and inexplicable, have an immediate instinct to get back to the accustomed and the normal. We do not hug our miracles close; we put them hastily away, preferring the commonplace to live with it. It is as if some compulsive hand wipes clean the wall on which the handwriting appeared.
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|It wasn't the sort of kiss I'd had with him before, hungry, wanting, desperate. It wasn't the sort of kiss I'd had with anyone before. This kiss was so soft that it was like a memory of a kiss, so careful on my lips that it was like someone running his fingers along them.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|It was a strange, wonderful feeling. To discover eyes upon you when you expected no one to notice you at all.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|All index-number systems, so far as they are intended to have a greater significance for monetary theory than that of mere playing with figures, are based upon the idea of measuring the utility of a certain quantity of money. The object is to determine whether a gramme of gold is more or less useful to-day than it was at a certain time in the past. As far as objective use-value is concerned, such an investigation may perhaps yield results. We may assume the fiction, if we like, that, say, a loaf of bread is always of the same utility in the objective sense, always comprises the same food value. It is not necessary for us to enter at all into the question of whether this is permissible or not.
Jennifer Dukes Lee, Love Idol: Letting Go of Your Need for Approval - and Seeing Yourself Through God's Eyes|I have decided. I want to be about the cause of Jesus. I want to follow Christ, not the crowd.
Lisa Carlisle, Knights of Stone: Lachlan|My brother, are you aware that you are presently taking the form of a rather large and distinctly emerald-hued bear? Not that it isn't an improvement on your usual excessive good lucks, but...
Stephenie Meyer, Twilight|Kissing is something that makes up for a lot of other crap you have to put up with...It can be confusing and weird and awkward, but sometimes it just makes you melt and forget everything that is going on.
Miles Anthony Smith, Why Leadership Sucks™ Fundamentals of Level 5 Leadership and Servant Leadership|...the human soul is a divine non-substance. A spirit that permeates our flesh, dwells in our conscious, and rules our subconscious self. It makes us cling to life even when we no longer want to embrace it. It makes us hope in the most desperate of circumstances. It gives our dream shape, our inspiration form, our love its timeless beauty." From The Cartesian Machine
Theresa May|A buoyant, positive approach to the game is as basic as a sound swing.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams|I'd like to add some beauty to life," said Anne dreamily. "I don't exactly want to make people KNOW more... though I know that IS the noblest ambition... but I'd love to make them have a pleasanter time because of me... to have some little joy or happy thought that would never have existed if I hadn't been born.
Elizabeth Gilbert|When it comes to developing a worldview, we tend to face this false division: Either you are a realist who says the world is terrible, or a naïve optimist who says the world is wonderful and turns a blind eye. [Jack] Gilbert takes this middle way, and I think it’s a far better way: he says the world is terrible and wonderful, and your obligation is to joy. . . . A real, mature, sincere joy—not a cheaply earned, ignorant joy. He’s not talking about building a fortress of pleasure against the assault of the world. He’s talking about the miraculousness of moments of wonder and how it seems to be worth it, after all.
Diana Dentinger|Where is the most important of the 5 W Questions. When you are in your "Where" you can fearlessly become "Who" you are to fully live "Why" you are here. Determine your "Where" then your "Who" then your "Why".
Boethius, The Consolation of Philosophy|I once had a published written debate with a religious apologist who, after I had argued the standard line that the idea of a loving and merciful deity is inconsistent with the fact of natural evil, said this meant his god was not all-powerful, and therefore was not to blame because it could not stop natural evil from occuring. This is a different tack from the more robust one that says natural evil is a response to humanity's moral evil. What this latter view in effect argues is that because of (say) Hitler's wrongdoings, thousands of babies deserve to be drowned in tsunamis.
Sian B. Claven|It didn’t look like a solid hand; it looked like paper, almost transparent in the light. Just as suddenly the hand was pulled back and the window went black.
Nishi  Singh, The Pearl of Immortality|The gold lamp, Xerxes, is probably the most important thing in your life.
Mary Ellen Mark|Tourists don't know where they've been, travelers don't know where they're going.
Paula Altenburg, Her Secret, His Surprise|Great. He had a ranch with no power, a burgeoning blizzard, animals depending on him and now, a frightened, felonious elf to look after.
Karen  Gibbs, A Gallery of Scrapbook Creations|What doesn't kill you makes you CRAZY, GRUMPY, MAD AS EVER? NO it makes you STRONGER! Yep,you'll get there eventually!
Justina Chen, North of Beautiful|Try smiling at people, you never know how one smile can affect their day.
Marie de France|Faith is not a thing which one 'loses', we merely cease to shape our lives by it.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|You can’t “make” someone your soul mate. You can try but it will always be very hard work. Human relationships are hard even when they are easy, so it’s important to be in one with a soul mate. She felt she could learn to love Shane; that she might grow to love him over time. She always felt she could make her mind up and then accomplish anything, but the heart and the mind have different agendas. If she was going to try to make this relationship work, it had to come from her heart, not from ‘making up her mind’. You don’t have to “try” to be anything when you are with your soul mate because they are looking for who you are, not for who you are trying to be.
Lev Grossman|I can’t overstate how little I knew about myself at 22, or how little I’d thought about what I was doing. When I graduated from college I genuinely believed that the creative life was the apex of human existence, and that to work at an ordinary office job was a betrayal of that life, and I had to pursue that life at all costs. Management consulting, law school, med school, those were fine for other people — I didn’t judge! — but I was an artist. I was super special. I was sparkly. I would walk another path.And I would walk it alone. That was another thing I knew about being an artist: You didn’t need other people. Other people were a distraction. My little chrysalis of genius was going to seat one and one only.
John Henry Newman, The Idea of a University|If then a practical end must be assigned to a University course, I say it is that of training good members of society... It is the education which gives a man a clear, conscious view of their own opinions and judgements, a truth in developing them, an eloquence in expressing them, and a force in urging them. It teaches him to see things as they are, to go right to the point, to disentangle a skein of thought to detect what is sophistical and to discard what is irrelevant.
Wynton Marsalis|The longer I look at something, the more my imagination churns and I can find somewhere to put it.
Allison Anders|If I have to produce movies, direct movies, whatever to change the way Hollywood treats older women, I'll do it. If I have to bend the rules, I will. If I have to break them, I will.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|You’re beautiful, too. I mean, you’re hot,” I blurted out. “But I always knew you would be.” My eyes widened as I realized what just streamed out of my mouth, and his grin turned into a smile. “Oh my God, I did not just say...any of that out loud.”“You did.”“Ugh.”Tipping his head back, he laughed deeply. And he laughed like he had in those rare instances when something truly amused him. He did so with a freedom I’d envied.I started to place my hands over my flaming face, but he caught my wrists, holding them between us. His eyes were lighter, dancing. “I can pretend you didn’t say that if that makes you feel better,” he suggested.Oh yes, that would be fabulous. I nodded.“I won’t forget it, though.
Jennifer Rardin, Once Bitten, Twice Shy|Fear sucks. Because you never know when it will attack. Sometimes it sneaks up behind you, giggling like your best girlfriend from seventh grade. Then it whacks you on the back of the head, takes you straight to your knees before you realize what hit you. Other times you can see it coming, just a dot on the horizon, but you're like a canary in a cage. All you can do is hang in there and hope you don't get motion sickness and puke all over the newspapers.
Bernard Kelvin Clive, The No Nonsense Guide to Personal Branding for Career Success|Carve-out a niche, craft a personal pitch, push-out content and your brand is enriched.
Rick Riordan|As a teacher, I've never seen anything like 'Harry Potter.' That's why I smart when people talk about the 'next' 'Harry Potter.' There is no 'next' 'Harry Potter.'
Gillian Linscott, Holmes for the Holidays|It's a fallacy to believe that age in itself brings wisdom, but one thing it infallibly brings is experience.
Karen Duffy|I choose my actors well and get to know the quirks of their personalities - and, most of all, I share humor with them. Then I keep my eyes open when they rehearse and perform, because you never know where the next stimulation comes from.
Rachel Joyce|Women love romance, but they're not as romantic as men.
Mo Hayder, The Devil of Nanking|I'm not very good at knowing what other people are thinking, but I do know that you can see tragedy, real tragedy, sitting just inside a person's gaze. You can almost always see where a person has been if you look hard enough.
Aliya Whiteley, The Beauty|Did my mother hum to me when I was little? Did she touch me, hold me, fill me with her noise and her thoughts? This loneliness I feel is of the womb, born by women. I was sixteen when they all died and I thought I understood this loss, but it comes to me that I didn't know what women gave to the world. It wasn't about their lips, their eyes or the gentle quality of their voices. It was about the way that all men are a part of them. And now we are part of nothing.
Oscar Wilde|To get answers of life, ask questions
Debasish Mridha|When you are non-judgmental, you are happy. Happiness depends on you, on your thoughts, on your attitude, on your ideas and vision, and nothing else.
Joyce Carol Oates, The Mammoth Book of Modern Ghost Stories|Once upon a time the fairy tales begin. But then they end and often you don't know really what has happened, what was meant to happen, you only know what you've been told, what the words suggest.
Rev. Kellen Roggenbuck|If your ministry can't work without you, then it is no longer Christ-centered. Minister toward Jesus, not yourself.
Thich Nhat Hanh, No Death, No Fear|If I don't understand you, I may be angry at you, all the time. We are not capable of understanding each other, and that is the main source of human suffering.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|You know it's time to do the laundry when you dry off with a sneaker,
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|A woman has to live her life, or live to repent not having lived it.
Fanny J. Crosby|God will answer you prayers better than you think. Of course, one will not always get exactly what he has asked for....We all have sorrows and disappointments, but one must never forget that, if commended to God, they will issue in good....His own solution is far better than any we could conceive.
Wilfrid Laurier|To make any future that we dreamt up real requires creative scientists, engineers, and technologists to make it happen. If people are not within your midst who dream about tomorrow - with the capacity to bring tomorrow into the present - then the country might as well just recede back into the cave because that's where we're headed.
Lillian Strange|From the darkness we become stars, we behold the misery and mystery from the worlds we possess and build up fire from the glow and coils of our black souls, the Sun.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|Misunderstanding is my cornerstone. It's everyone's, come to think of it. Illusions mistaken for truth are the pavement under our feet.
Anthony Liccione|What makes you think that the classroom in school is different from others... "It's one large and big as a size!" Okay... I could have a room which is large and big like a classroom for making films, so what?? This room which I just made for the films... now is a classroom??"It have in the corner a bin...", Okay that's ridiculous, that it have a bin there doesn't mean that I can't also put one bin at the corner... nobody has said that the bin can't stay somewhere in corners... so you are saying that mine room is a classroom??... "It have special tables and chairs... for the students". Okay, I have also such stuff at home for my computer... and when is about many I could few more computers + the special stuff and what???... I can even invite students from a school so I have the most stuff, so what does it make it different?
John Updike|'Bombing Afghanistan back into the Stone Age' was quite a favourite headline for some wobbly liberals. The slogan does all the work. But an instant's thought shows that Afghanistan is being, if anything, bombed out of the Stone Age.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Relax, refresh and revive your spirituality.
George Gordon Byron|There is something pagan in me that I cannot shake off. In short, I deny nothing, but doubt everything.
Adam Phillips, The Beast in the Nursery: On Curiosity and Other Appetites|There are two ways to illumine anger. One way is to enlarge your heart. If you have been wronged, use your power of identification. Feel that it is you yourself, or an extended part of your own consciousness, that has done the wrong thing. The sooner you can rid yourself of the idea that somebody else has done something to you, the better off you will be.The second way is to think of perfecting yourself. When you stop thinking of perfecting others and only care for your own aspiration, you will be liberated from anger. Instead of looking around to see who is obstructing you or standing in your way, just pay all attention to your own self-discovery. When you have discovered your true self, you will see that there is nobody imperfect on earth. Everybody is perfect in you.
Trishelle Cannatella|For people to understand me when I travel, I speak with my hands.
Tony Dungy|A C.E.O.'s job is leadership, problem solving, and team building. I've done that my whole career.
Doug "Ten" Rose, Fearless Puppy on American Road|When a physical illness or other adverse circumstance arises, humans tend to add to the problem by worrying and increasing the mental anxiety in their situation. Let’s take illness as an example. We have to face the fact that life is not always perfect and that disease occasionally happens. When you fall into a painful situation or get sick, the best thing to do is to think about the greater anguish being suffered by so many of our fellow creatures. This is more productive than being concerned about one’s own suffering and compounding it with worry, giving too much attention to the pain
Frans de Waal, The Bonobo and the Atheist: In Search of Humanism Among the Primates|...they are dazzled by all the money that they are being offered. That is what money does, Mma Ramotswe—you must have seen that. Sometime we need to look the other way when people put money in front of our noses. We have to look at the other things we can see so the money doesn't hide them.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Emotion is created by a cause, whether that cause is factual or imaginary does not matter, as longer as the believer holds it as true.
Chelsea Sedoti, The Hundred Lies of Lizzie Lovett|If we are to tempt fate, then let us not be cowards about it.
Brian E. Boyd Sr., Social Media for the Executive|Social media is your opportunity to reach a massive number of people with transparency, honesty, and integrity.
Kat Lahr, Nature Of Occurrences|We are always people that are in the making, constantly adapting to accommodate the roads we walk. As we learn, it changes us. As we go about our course, we grow, and prune everything around us; friends, beliefs, desires. Our past experiences plant the seeds needed for our future roads, with all its turns, speed, and treachery.
Qiu Miaojin|Changed my thought. Let’s us go. Back my place, aye?” He was smiling, that smile she’d always loved, while his hands distracted her and his body warmed her through her clothes. Summer drew closer every day, and the temperatures reflected that, but it seemed like she was always cold when he wasn’t around. “C’mon.
Kristin Rath, Meant for More: Create Your Dream Life, Plan Your Path, and Start Living It Now|Everyone has a dream, so why not dream big... it just might happen!
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Essential Rumi|God turns you from one feeling to another and teaches by means of opposites so that you will have two wings to fly, not one
Robert Lowell|(On having being just proposed to)'Have you been thinking of this for long?' she managed jerkily, praying for the shock to recede so that she could behave a little more normally.'Let's say it crept up on me,' he suggested lightly.That didn't sound very romantic. Muggers crept up on you; so did old age.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|Why?" I asked. He knew what I meant, and shrugged. "Because when the legends get written, I didn't want to be remembered for standing on the sidelines. I want my future offspring to know that I was there, and that I fought against her at the end, even if I couldn't do anything useful." I blinked, this time not at the brightness of the sun. "Because," he went on, his eyes locked with mine, "I didn't want you to fight alone. Or die alone.
Dr. Jacent Mpalyenkana|As a child, I ate up the image Carl strived to portray: An inspirational rags-to-riches tale of a go-getter emerging the hell of his sulfur-scented, Podunk Texas upbringing. With a community college dropout education, Carl managed to reach six figures as a mobile home lot manager when the trailer park industry boomed in the early nineties. He decorated his accomplishments with a large house, yachts, and weekly morale shindigs for his salesmen bursting with open bars and filet mignon. However, my mother was by far his prettiest accessory.
Debasish Mridha|For I am a drop of water, I may change but I will never vanish in thin air.
Jen Frederick, Unspoken|There’s nothing like a military man, even out of uniform.
Bryan Islip, So What?|And there was born that so mysterious thing that we call 'love' between man and woman; the thing that transcends, uplifts, indeed is the sole enoblement of our act of lust.
Timothy J. Keller, Generous Justice: How God's Grace Makes Us Just|It was a cruel fate, Yet not so cruel as Mago's will be. I promise you that, by the old gods and the new, by the lamb god and the horse god and every god that lives. I swear by the Mother of Mountains and the Womb of the World. Before I am done with them, Mago and Ko Jhaqo will plead for the mercy they showed Eroeh.
Billy London, A Life Sublime|MASSIMO: "After all I have done, to have you love me is nothing less than a miracle."BELINDA: He was wrong. Loving him was the easiest thing in the world. That they’d found each other after their respective histories was the miracle.
Ortega y Gasset|Say the very simplest and most obvious things, say them as often as possible, and put into the saying all the screaming passion which one human voice can carry -- that was Adolf Hitler's technique. No matter whether it was true or not -- for (Hitler) meant literally his maxim that the bigger the falsehood, the easier to get it believed; people would say you wouldn't dare make up a thing like that. Imagine the worst possible about your enemies and then swear that you knew it, you had seed it, it was God's truth and you were ready to stake your life upon it -- shout this, bellow this, over and over, day after day, night after night...when ten million join in it becomes history.
Fox Benwell, Kaleidoscope Song|Sometimes, when you know what’s coming on your playlist, you anticipate. You see how one song leads into the next. But when it’s new you can’t see what’s in front of you at all. That moment when the next song plays, all you have is what you hear. Moments to make up your mind. Sit it out, or dance.I like this beat. And I’m ready to move.And this one has a beat that you can dance to.
Edward Frenkel, Love and Math: The Heart of Hidden Reality|REAL MATHEMATICS is not about just computing but it is about  figuring out…Figuring out the truthfulness, reasoning behind specific event, patterns, determinism in chaotic processes etc.
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|because the past was always around her and might return at any time. It prowled the world searching for her, and she knew it was growing angrier at every passing day.
Mya Waechtler|Hence, when his name was casually mentioned by neighboring yeomen, the listener said, "Ah, Clym Yeobright: what is he doing now?' When the instinctive question about a person is, What is he doing? it is felt that he will not be found to be, like most of us, doing nothing in particular. There is an indefinite sense that he must be invading some region of singularity , good or bad. The devout home is that he is doing well. The secret faith is that he is making a mess of it...So the subject recurred: if he were making a fortune and a name, so much the better for him, if he were making a tragical figure in the world, so much the better for a narrative
Arrian, The Campaigns of Alexander|In these circumstances they did what most of us do, and, being ignorant of the truth, persuaded themselves into believing what they wished to believe.
Kelly Thompson, The Girl Who Would Be King|It has been my experience, that women possess little or no pride where love affairs are concerned. Pride is a quality often on their lips, but not apparent in their actions.
Nadège Richards, 5 Miles|And even when they refuse to listen, I'll keep talking anyway, hoping on a slim chance that the things inside my head are worth something to someone.
kjforce|I have come to the realization that I have reached the age or mental state of the entering a room with thought in mind syndrome only to find the thought took a turn and went elsewhere...fortunately it wasn't a life or death issue... Sept 24, 2016... — thinking about life
Taye Diggs|Finally, let us understand that when we stand together, we will always win. When men and women stand together for justice, we win. When black, white and Hispanic people stand together for justice, we win.
Alfred Tennyson|Come friends, it's not too late to seek a newer world.
Joe Vulgamore, Alignment: Law of Attraction and the Seven Universal Laws|To stand on thebrink of what is coming, feeling eager, optimistic anticipation—with no feeling of impatience, doubt, orunworthiness hindering the receiving of it—that is the Science of Deliberate Creation at its best.
Isabella Bird|In fiction workshops, we tend to focus on matters of verisimilitude largely because such issues are so much easier to talk about than the failure of imagination.
Rollo May, The Meaning of Anxiety|Sun, moon and stars, are objects that already existed in the foundation of human consciousness since birth, in the beginning stage of creation process.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Let us settle ourselves, and work and wedge our feet downwards through the mud and slush of opinion and tradition, and pride and prejudice, appearance and delusion, through the alluvium which covers the globe, through poetry and philosophy and religion, through church and state, through Paris and London, through New York and Boston and Concord, till we come to a hard bottom that rocks in place which we can call reality and say, "This is and no mistake.
Andrzej Sapkowski, Czas pogardy|And if someone has friends, and he loses everything in spite of that, it's obvious the friends are to blame. For what they did, or for what they didn't do.
Geoff Butler, The Killick: A Newfoundland Story|He couldn't understand how he was awarded medals and honors for clubbing and bayoneting people, and be called a barbarian for killing seals.
Samuel Johnson|Show your children God’s love by loving them and others as Christ loves you. Be quick to forgive, don’t hold a grudge, look for what’s best, and speak gently into areas of their lives that need growth.
René Girard|The world’s myths do not reveal a way to interpret the Gospels, but exactly the reverse: the Gospels reveal to us the way to interpret myth.
Clint Eastwood|Prepare for death, if here at night you roam, and sign your will before you sup from home.
Schopenhauer|Ignorance screens the truth. It is on that screen that people paint pictures and write underneath their labels "god" and "not-god" and "theism.' and "atheism" .
Roger Waters|At home, we live on the beach, and it's like every day is a date.
Trini Lopez|Whenever we went on a trip, picnic, or business trip, I was always with my dad, and I would just always be in contact with cosmonauts, and I thought it would be always normal to be with them.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Don't spend your life believing a story about yourself that you didn't write that's been fed to you - that simply you've accepted, embedded and added to. Let the story go and there beneath is the real you...and your unique gifts, heart and path that await you.
Lynne Sharon Schwartz|And these thingsthat keep alive on departure know that you praise them; transient,they look to us, the most transient,  to be their rescue.They want us to change them completely, in our invisible hearts,into -- O endlessly -- us! Whoever, finally, we may be.
Jeff Sessions|The Union, which can alone insure internal peace, and external security to each State, Must and Shall be Preserved, cost what it may in time, treasure, and blood.
Betty Poluk|I take same picture twice, First with my heart then camera.
Kiersten Fay, Demon Slave|Her heavy breathing echoed off the thick walls, her body frozen in shock, but when Marik reappeared in the mouth of the cave, she reached for the sword. He was still in a state of bloodlust and was, what she could only describe as, stalking her.
T.A. Grey, Bonds of Fire|The fire that had been raging inside her ever since she met him, ever since she left him, was now having gasoline thrown on top of it--by the gallon.
James Thomson|Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties  and so -bear ourselves that  if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years  men will still say  "This was their finest hour."
Antoine de Saint-Exupery|Well may the boldest fear and the wisest tremble when incurring responsibilities on which may depend our country's peace and prosperity, and in some degree the hopes and happiness of the whole human family.
Ranata Suzuki|You’re everything to me. But at best, I’m just a memory to you.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Do I wither up and disappear, or do I make the best of my time left?.. He would not wither. He would not be ashamed of dying.
Zig Ziglar|it's not how far you fall, but how high you bounce that counts.
Petra Hermans|Let's be clear: unless I have profoundly misunderstood its position, I pretty much despise American Libertarianism. Have these people seriously looked at the problems of the world and thought, 'Hmm, what we need here is a bit more selfishness'? . . . I beg to differ.
Luke Davies, Candy|If you are an approval addict, your behaviour is as easy to control as that of any other junkie. All a manipulator need do is a simple two-step process: Give you what you crave, and then threaten to take it away. Every drug dealer in the world plays this game.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|If all the exchange-ratios of the past were erased from human memory, the process of market-price-determination might certainly become more difficult, because everybody would have to construct a new scale of valuations for himself; but it would not become impossible. In fact, people the whole world over are engaged daily and hourly in the operation from which all prices result: the decision as to the relative significance enjoyed by specific quantities of goods as conditions for the satisfaction of wants.
Confucius|In addition to conformity as a way to relieve the anxiety springing from separateness, another factor of contemporary life must be considered: the role of the work routine and the pleasure routine. Man becomes a 'nine to fiver', he is part of the labour force, or the bureaucratic force of clerks and managers. He has little initiative, his tasks are prescribed by the organisation of the work; there is even little difference between those high up on the ladder and those on the bottom. They all perform tasks prescribed by the whole structure of the organisation, at a prescribed speed, and in a prescribed manner. Even the feelings are prescribed: cheerfulness, tolerance, reliability, ambition, and an ability to get along with everybody without friction. Fun is routinised in similar, although not quite as drastic ways. Books are selected by the book clubs, movies by the film and theatre owners and the advertising slogans paid for by them; the rest is also uniform: the Sunday ride in the car, the television session, the card game, the social parties. From birth to death, from Monday to Monday, from morning to evening - all activities are routinised, and prefabricated. How should a man caught up in this net of routine not forget that he is a man, a unique individual, one who is given only this one chance of living, with hopes and disappointments, with sorrow and fear, with the longing for love and the dread of the nothing and separateness?
Edward Abbey|If a man's imagination were not so weak, so easily tired, if his capacity for wonder not so limited, he would abandon forever such fantasies of the supernal. He would learn to perceive in water, leaves and silence more than sufficient of the absolute and marvelous, more than enough to console him for the loss of the ancient dreams.
Charles Bukowski, The Continual Condition: Poems|now it’s computers and more computersand soon everybody will have one,3-year-olds will have computersand everybody will know everythingabout everybody elselong before they meet them.nobody will want to meet anybodyelse ever againand everybody will bea recluselike I am now.
Robert W. Service, The Spell of the Yukon and Other Verses|There’s gold, and it’s haunting and haunting; It’s luring me on as of old; Yet it isn’t the gold that I’m wanting So much as just finding the gold. It’s the great, big, broad land ’way up yonder, It’s the forests where silence has lease; It’s the beauty that thrills me with wonder, It’s the stillness that fills me with peace.
Ken Liu, The Paper Menagerie and Other Stories|I don't pay much attention to the distinction between fantasy and science fiction–or between “genre” and “mainstream” for that matter. For me, all fiction is about prizing the logic of metaphors-which is the logic of narratives in general–over reality, which is irreducibly random and senseless.We spend our entire lives trying to tell stories about ourselves–they’re the essence of memory. It is how we make living in this unfeeling accidental universe tolerable. That we call such a tendency “the narrative fallacy” doesn’t mean it doesn’t also touch upon some aspect of the truth.Some stories simply literalize their metaphors a bit more explicitly.
K.A. Hill|My heart is your home, wherever in the world you are – you will always have a place to stay.
John Moody|When I came out of high school, my objective in life was to get a job selling used cars, but after trying for two weeks, nobody would hire me.
Roseanne Barr|The State thrives on war - unless, of course, it is defeated and crushed - expands on it, glories in it.
Deyth Banger|What makes us?? (Think Little)Is it our look??? Is it our emotions??? Is it our thoughts???What makes us think that when we wake up, we are the same???What makes us to think that when we teleport we will be the same?
Julie Wenzel, Alone I Walk|Once I've been told that college is fun, a mixture of education and pleasure. I really don't understand where the F did they brought this conclusion from.
D.J. Molles, Fractured|Antonia, if Mark is right and I never see you again, if this really is good-bye, tell me one thing for certain. Tell me I won't die knowing you married him willingly. Fight them both with all you have.
Anita Rau Badami, Can You Hear the Nightbird Call?|You can call me Grandpa, if that does it for you.
Laura Bates, Everyday Sexism|Women who lead, read
Jenny Colgan, The Little Shop of Happy Ever After|All the real blokes I know are obsessed with cars and have started doing cycling at the weekend and being really, really boring about it and banging on about their Fitbits and growing stupid beards and talking about being on Tinder. That's what all the 'real men' are like these days!
Mark  Jackman, There's Something About Dying|The hamster-powered hat is the same as any other hat. It keeps your head warm and looks smart,” the inventor said. “The hamster generates heat by running on the wheel. If you get a big enough hamster, it will keep your whole face warm.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The uniform is that which we do not choose, that which is assigned to us; it is the certitude of the universal against the precariousness of the individual. When the values that were once so solid come under challenge and withdraw, heads bowed, he who cannot live without them (without fidelity, family, country, discipline, without love) buttons himself up in the universality of his uniform as if that uniform were the last shred of transcendence that could protect him against the cold of a future in which there will be nothing left to respect.
Ferdinand Mount|We shall be forced to attempt planned and directed research employing hundreds of workers for many years, and this cannot be done without risking the loss of independence and originality. This is a serious and fundamental obstacle but it may be overcome in two ways.
Israelmore Ayivor, Six Words Inspiration|When it is late, everyone cares!
Lisa Desrochers, A Little Too Far|For the first time in a long time a bit of something I was unfamiliar with crept up inside me.If I hadn’t known better, I’d have thought it was hope.
Cory Bernardi, The Conservative Revolution|If you are always persuasive, you would be able to make new friends in society.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|I believe in a higher power and I believe in good and bad, right and wrong. You sleep in the bed you make.
Jacob deGrom|At a certain point, when I let go and was done - when I stopped and could say I was blessed and thankful to be a champion, when I finally enjoyed life from this different perspective - that's when I healed. Letting go healed me.
Jennifer Weiner|If a writer writes poems and short stories and novels, but nobody ever reads them, is she really a writer?
Neal Shusterman, Everfound|The Drowned Cities hadn’t always been broken. People broke it. First they called people traitors and said they didn’t belong. Said these people were good and those people were evil, and it kept going, because people always responded, and pretty soon the place was a roaring hell because no one took responsibility for what they did, and how it would drive others to respond.
Robert Walpole|Yes, I'm a patriotic person. For these people who disgrace the American way and burn our flag and do all of these things... I say, don't live here and disgrace my country. Go live in the Middle East and see how you like it.
P. J. O'Rourke|My mom and my dad were both very sociable, meeting lots of interesting people.
Watchman Nee, The Normal Christian Life|Comfort came in and stood with an appearance of guilt and shame. Her head bent, her eyes soaked with tears, her hands and legs, vibrating like a guiter string as perspiration covered her entire body, she felt like disappearing into the thin air, maybe to another mind creating world.
Lucas Grabeel|Believe in yourself, and the rest will fall into place. Have faith in your own abilities, work hard, and there is nothing you cannot accomplish.
|If let your inner beauty outshine your outer beauty, your future self would surely thank you for it.
Greg Prato, Grunge Is Dead: The Oral History of Seattle Rock Music|This is the point where the knowing, irony-infused author laughs along with his readers about his time among the aphorisms, how he was once so gullible and needy that he drank deeply of such weak and fruity Kool-Aid. That's some other book. Slogans saved my life. All of them--the dumb ones, the preachy ones, the imperatives, the cliches, the injunctives, the gooey, Godly ones, the shameless, witless ones.
Douglas Preston, Brimstone|Werewolves and silver bullets!” Shakespeare coughed a quick laugh and shook his head. “Lord, what fools these mortals be!
E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey|It's hard for an educated woman to turn her head off. That's part of the joy of being a submissive. None of the decisions are yours. When you can't refuse anything and can't even move, those voices in your head go silent. All you can do, and all you are permitted to do, is feel.
Walter Knott|No man succeeds without faith. Whether you call it religious faith or label it something else. I don't feel anything worthwhile is accomplished without it. When you believe there is a Supreme Being guiding the destiny of this universe and that within each of us there is a little part of that Being, then you will have faith in yourself, in your country, in that Supreme Being, and in humanity itself.
Deyth Banger|Hey,.... bitch.... Sucker or whatever you are.... STOPP STARRRRINGGGG AT ME! It's so depressing!
A.W. Tozer, The Pursuit of God|Lord, how excellent are Thy ways, and how devious and dark are the ways of man. Show us how to die, that we may rise again to newness of life. Rend the veil of our self-life from the top down as Thou didst rend the veil of the Temple. We would draw near in full assurance of faith. We would dwell with Thee in daily experience here on this earth so that we may be accustomed to the glory when we enter Thy heaven to dwell with Thee there. In Jesus' name, Amen.
Alexia Purdy|So if I asked you to wear my skirt and juggle my high heels, you would?” I joked.I could only see Andrew's face in profile, but a grin overtook his earlier grim expression, and he laughed. “I draw the line at wearing women’s clothing.”“Are you sure?” I whispered seductively, nibbling on his earlobe.“That’s cheating,” he said, his breath hitching.I kissed down his neck. “If all else fails, I’ll never rule out using my womanly wiles.”“I refuse to be used as a pawn by my devious lover,” he countered, grinning.I abruptly pulled away from him. “Ah, well, it never hurts to try.
John Catsimatidis|If you're sad about what you see in the mirror when you wake up every morning, you must change it.
Sarah Dessen|I remembered Owen telling me how music had saved him in Phoenix, that it drowned everything out, and it was the same for me now. As long as I had something to listen to, I could blur the things I didn't want to think about, if not block them out completely.
Auli'i Cravalho|Humility may well be one of the most difficult of the fruit of the Spirit to be cultivated in us - and to maintain. That's because without humility, it's not likely that you will put your complete trust in God.
Abigail  Baker, The Reaper's Kiss|What in God's name did he want me to say? That I agreed with him completely at how our kiss had been successful? That it had meant as much as a kiss I'd drop on top of a child's head before bed to him? Well I wouldn't lie for the sake of lying. I'd rather stay silent and realize that the kind, gentle, passionate person I'd fallen for didn't exist and in his place was a cold, unfeeling fool who wouldn't know romance even if it had slapped him in the face.
Aman Jassal, Rainbow - the shades of love|Everyone of us has that moment in our life, when you wanted to say NO but say YES even when you know it’s not going in your favor.
Vera Brittain, Testament of Youth|I am less blindly confident than I once was, for I have been learning a truer estimate of myself, my failings and limitations, in these dark days. I have learnt to hope that if there be a Judgment Day of some kind, God will not see us with our own eyes, nor judge us as we judge ourselves.
Monica Bellucci|Our lives are not in the lap of the gods, but in the lap of our cooks.
Sunday Adelaja|If you can devote yourself to your favorite occupation without getting money for it, but in order to discover your potential, then you will find out who you are
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.|As a woman, you spend so much time either cooking or getting ready to go somewhere. I like to have music when I'm doing either of these things.
A.D. Posey|Once you realize life is magic, you will never look upon the world with dimmed eyes again.
Jewel E. Ann, Releasing Me|When people conclude that anger causes abuse, they are confusing cause and effect. Ray was not abusive because he was angry; he was angry because he was abusive. Abusers carry attitudes that produce fury.
Scott Zesch, The Captured: A True Story of Abduction by Indians on the Texas Frontier|In that country, rich or poor, a man was free... So America was a place of which lovers and young people dreamed.
Genereux Philip|When you start doubting God, remember how far you have come. Remember everything you have faced, all the battles you have won, and all the fears you have overcome by having the Lord in your life.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Faust: My Soul Be Damned for the World: Volume I|To be, or not to be: what a question!
Richie Norton|Mom & pop stores are not about something small; they are about something big. Ninety percent of all U.S. businesses are family owned or controlled. They are important not only for the food, drink, clothing, and tools they sell us, but also for providing us with intellectual stimulation, social interaction, and connection to our communities. We must have mom & pop stores because we are social animals. We crave to be part of the marketplace. 
Shivanee Harshey|We read deeply for varied reasons, most of them familiar: that we cannot know enough people profoundly enough; that we need to know ourselves better; that we require knowledge, not just of self and others, but of the way things are.
Pardis Sabeti|There can be no stronger claim to a physician's assistance than at the time when death is imminent, a moral judgment implied by the state's own recognition of the legitimacy of medical procedures necessarily hastening the moment of impending death.
Jan Vogler|Cease to inquire what the future has in store, and take as a gift whatever the day brings forth.
Hilary Duff, Devoted|Soulmate" is an overused term, but a true soul connection is very rare, and very real.
Hiromi Goto, Chorus Of Mushrooms|I mutter and mutter and no one to listen. I speak my words in Japanese and my daughter will not hear them. The words that come from our ears, our mouths, they collide in the space between us."Obachan, please! I wish you would stop that. Is it too much to ask for some peace and quiet? You do this on purpose, don’t you? Don’t you! I just want some peace. Just stop! Please, just stop.""Gomennasai. Waruine, Obachan wa. Solly. Solly."Ha! Keiko, there is method in my madness. I could stand on my head and quote Shakespeare until I had a nosebleed, but to no avail, no one hears my language. So I sit and say the words and will, until the wind or I shall die. Someone, something must stand against this wind and I will. I am.
Theodore Roosevelt|Republicans believe every day is the Fourth of July, but the democrats believe every day is April 15.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Life is never a static journey. Life goes on! Life is about step taking. For everything I need to know about life, I need to take a step
Tirumalai S. Srivatsan|Often times it isn't the quality of your candidates, it's the quality of your interview.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|What you usually refer to when you say “I” is not who you are. By a monstrous act of reductionism, the infinite depth of who you are is confused with a sound produced by the vocal cords or the thought of “I” in your mind and whatever the “I” has identified with.
Ziad K. Abdelnour|You shouldn't look too far to find people to care about or people who will care about you. Because if you stop looking, the people who do care will come looking for you.
William Apess, Eulogy on King Philip|You and I have to rejoice that we have not to answer for our fathers’ crimes, neither shall we do right to charge them one to another. We can only regret it, and flee from it, and from henceforth, let peace and righteousness be written upon our hearts and hands forever.
Charles M. Schwab|If you talk to most ambitious people, people who are high achievers, they're rarely at peace with what they're doing because they need an engine to keep moving.
Cassandra Clare|You couldn't speak to fear, couldn't tell it the truth: Fear lived in your bones.
Elizabeth I|Islam does not believe in democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press, or freedom of assembly. It does not separate religion and politics. It is partly a religion, but it is much more than that. It has a political agenda that goes far outside the realm of religion.
Eden Summers, Blind Attraction|CANDY: I’d rather fearlessly make a mess than sit around worrying about how bad it’ll be, but that’s just me.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Sometimes we face “gray areas,” things that aren’t necessarily forbidden by the Bible but still may not belong in our lives.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|It wasn't science and technology that cause a slow progress, but collective knowledge of the society and market demands.
Jim Morrison|We go to poetry, we go to literature in general, to be forwarded within ourselves.
William Blake|Most distinguishable about the idiot, Hedge noted, was their fear of that which was different. Those who feared difference always made a point of finding difference in others in order to feel more secure in their sameness.
Courtney C. Stevens, The Blue-Haired Boy|Everyone hurts us. If we stopped loving them because of pain, we'd never love anyone.
Werner Herzog|People are roasting each other at parties, at work events, around the fire. It's so fun. People are busting each other's chops, and it's a sign of affection, truly. It's a true test of love and friendship: can you make a man laugh at himself? So what makes a good burn? Go after targets you love and respect. And hit 'em hard.
Osama bin Laden|When the meat platter was passed to me, I didn't even know what the meat was; usually, you couldn't tell, anyway-but it was suddenly as though _don't eat any more pork_ flashed on a screen before me.I hesitated, with the platter in mid-air; then I passed it along to the inmate waiting next to me. He began serving himself; abruptly, he stopped. I remember him turning, looking surprised at me.I said to him, "I don't eat pork."The platter then kept on down the table.It was the funniest thing, the reaction, and the way that it spread. In prison, where so little breaks the monotonous routine, the smallest thing causes a commotion of talk. It was being mentioned all over the cell block by night that Satan didn't eat pork.
Shawn Michaels|How are the faculties of man to be best developed and his happiness secured? The state of a king is not favorable to this, nor the state of the noble and rich men of the earth. All this is artificial life, the inventions of vanity and grasping ambition, by which we have spoiled the man of nature and of pure, simple, and undistorted impulses.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|Because memory and sensations are so uncertain, so biased, we always rely on a certain reality-call it an alternate reality-to prove the reality of events. To what extent facts we recognize as such really are as they seem, and to what extent these are facts merely because we label them as such, is an impossible distinction to draw. Therefore, in order to pin down reality as reality, we need another reality to relativize the first. Yet that other reality requires a third reality to serve as its grounding. An endless chain is created within our consciousness, and it is the very maintenance of this chain that produces the sensation that we are actually here, that we ourselves exist.
Anchee Min|We were meant to survive because of our minds' ability to reason, our ability to live with frustration in order to maintain our virtue. We wore smiling masks while dying inside.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Peach Keeper|It felt as though they were the only people in the world, two young women about to bury the symbol of their helplessness, as if that's all it would take to make them whole again.
Debasish Mridha|Concentrate on what is important, not what is urgent.
Debasish Mridha|O thy! Thou made me infinite with infinite love.Not by finishing, but by transforming to infinite for infinite joy!
Charles Baudelaire|I should like the fields tinged with red, the rivers yellow and the trees painted blue. Nature has no imagination.
walder landorm|When it comes to semantic search and the success of your social media policy, truly, there is only one thing that absolutely counts: engagement.
Hector Berlioz, The Memoirs|There's something about courting the darkness that makes some people see the truth in raw, twisted ways, as though they were shining a black light on life to illuminate the absurdity of it all. Comics tell you a truth you can only see from the underside of the psyche. At its best, comedy is prophesy and societal dream interpretation. At its worst it's just dick jokes.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|The Dark Ages gradually ended six centuries ago with the Renaissance, which seeded new ideas for a different world. The Renaissance ideal dominated our culture until three centuries ago, from the 14th to the 18th century, when it was superseded by modernism. Not surprisingly, this human ideal has almost been forgotten in our culture. The Renaissance, literally "re-birth", was a revival and rediscovery of classical Greek and Roman culture following the decline of culture, trade, and technology during the Dark Ages.
Geoffrey Wood, Leaper: The Misadventures of a Not-Necessarily-Super Hero|Trust becomes the only road home, back to love.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|We remember the past, live in the present, and write the future.
Randi Weingarten|Seeing is no longer believing. The very notion of truth has been put into crisis. In a world bloated with images, we are finally learning that photographs do indeed lie.
George Eliot, The Lifted Veil|I think that dying is the easy part of life; for in waking each day and living in every moment, therein lies the challenge
Jerry West|That's what we need nowadays, is more children that have goals other than being a sports figure or some kind of celebrity.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|Now, where had I heard drinking and brawling before? Oh right, Ashley’s father. Well, I wasn’t doing that again.
José Saramago|Because each of you has his or her own death, you carry it with you in a secret place from the moment you're born, it belongs to you and you belong to it.
Abhishek Kumar, Stardust Family - We Are One!|God will fight your battles if you just keep still. He is able to carry you through. Trust Him. Keep standing, keep believing and keep hoping.
David Bentley Hart, The Beauty of the Infinite: The Aesthetics of Christian Truth|For if indeed God became a man, then Truth condescended to became a truth, from whose historical contingency one cannot simply pass to categories of universal rationality; and this means that whatever Christians mean when they speak of truth, it cannot involve simply the dialectical wrestling of abstract principles from intractable facts. (5)
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...when you enter a room, my wound opens, but there is light, always light, when you come in...
Gore Vidal, Perpetual War for Perpetual Peace|It is ironic-rouse the limpest adjective-that a government as spontaneously tyrannous and callous as ours should, over the years, have come yo care so much about our health as it endlessly tests and retests commercial drugs available in other lands while arresting those who take "hard" drugs on the potential ground that they are bad for the user's health. One is touched by their concern- touched and dubious. After all, these same compassionate guardians of our well-being have sternly, year in and year out, refused to allow us to have what every other First World country simply takes for granted, a national health service.
Joe Haldeman, Mindbridge|One rash person in the right place and earth could be a sterile cinder in seconds, but that's been more-or-less true for a century.
Jerry A. Coyne, Why Evolution Is True|...and specimens like this confirmed there had been some kind of divine rule in the universe because no natural selection process was up to the task of creating something like him. This was some god’s, somewhere’s, handiwork.
Charlotte Eriksson|Dear world, I am excited to be alive in you, and I am thankful for another year.
Jochebed Gwamna|Solomon had a good thing going. He asked for wisdom and he got it, riches, and power. I think I'm going to ask for wisdom too.
Mick Jagger|You can't always get what you want, but if you try sometimes, you might find, you get what you need.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|The moment you stop to think about whether you love someone, you've already stopped loving that person forever.
Nicholas Sparks, The Lucky One|It's hard at times, but it makes a kid strong in ways that most people can't understand. Teaches them that even though people are left behind, new ones will inevitable take their place; that every place has something good - and bad - to offer. It makes a kid grow up fast.
David Michie, Mindfulness Is Better Than Chocolate: A Practical Guide to Enhanced Focus and Lasting Happiness in a World of Distractions|When we understand the true nature of mind, we start to see these thoughts merely as thoughts instead of engaging with them. They arise, abide, and pass. They have no substance and certainly no power unless we git it to them.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|An old joke has an Oxford professor meeting an American former graduate student and asking him what he's working on these days. 'My thesis is on the survival of the class system in the United States.' 'Oh really, that's interesting: one didn't think there was a class system in the United States.' 'Nobody does. That's how it survives.
Scott Stabile|With each day that passes, it becomes more and more clear that the most true way to make it through this life is with the deepest possible commitment to compassion and a relentless dedication to love.
Sunday Adelaja|The best things in this world are meant to be fought for." -Kearney
|Regardless of the amount of adversities we have conquered in the past, new challenges and obstacles tend to activate some fears and doubts in the minds of many. But it's very important to understand that the presence of fear or doubt doesn't mean that one is incapable of triumphing from one's negative situation.
John Keats|One day, Liesel.' he said, 'you'll be dying to kiss me.
Amit Kalantri, I Love You Too|I am sure that God has given all his time in making you, the remaining human race has been created in haste.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Invention of Wings|And she didn't judge nobody. She loved everyone equal- accountants, queers, musicians, she welcomed us all, said we were all idiots just the same.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|All your questions can be answered, if that is what you want. But once you learn your answers, you can never unlearn them.
Nancy Werlin, Impossible|I could not remember my first kiss, but I could have told you Charlotte would be my last.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|A lady, without a family, was the very best preserver of furniture in the world.
Stephen K. Amos, I Used to Say My Mother Was Shirley Bassey|Love is like a lost fart. If you have to force it, it's probably shit.
Karon Waddell|Blaming others for your mistakes, makes you powerless to change your life. Taking responsibility for your mistakes, gives you the power to change your life
Pepper Winters, Tears of Tess|the easiest way to keep a woman over your shoulder is with a hand on her ass, and the other between her legs.
Effrosyni Moschoudi, The Lady of the Pier - The Ebb|Looking at these people now from behind the counter, made her feel like that little girl again, the deprived child that used to press her nose on the glass, peering at things she could never have.
Mohammed Ali Bapir|Have the courage to let some go, and sacrifice for some to stay; thus, live and make life your own way.
Anonymous|Trudeau: Yes  well  there are a lot of bleeding hearts around who just don't like to see people with helmets and guns. All I can say is  go on and bleed  but it is more important to keep law and order in a society than to be worried about weak-kneed people who we don't like the looks of. Reporter: At any cost? How far would you go with that? How far would you extend that? Trudeau: Well  just watch me. . . ."
Spencer Bachus|After I read all the medical journals and watched all the documentaries, I still didn't understand the physical sensation of ticking and where it comes from and what it feels like.
Mandi Lynn, Essence|April 43rd 2000Today is the day of great triumph. There is a king of Spain. He has been found at last. That king is me. I only discovered this today. Frankly, it all came to me in a flash.
S.C. Parris, The Immortal's Guide|We huddle tightly together as cowards, protecting the ranks of our false collective identity from "less-human" intruders, when the only obvious and sane truth is that we are all the same human beings.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|I believe in the flesh and the appetites; Seeing, hearing, feeling, are miracles, and each part and tag of me is a miracle. Divine am I inside and out, and I make holy whatever I touch or am touch’d from;The scent of these arm-pits, aroma finer than prayer; This head more than churches, bibles, and all the creeds.
Kina Grannis|You could say, in a vulgar Freudian way, that I am the unhappy child who escapes into books. Even as a child, I was most happy being alone. This has not changed.
Erica Jong|Parenting girls makes you quite gender-conscious - it's almost impossible to fight the power of pink. It's not such a terrible thing to want to be a princess when you're five, but it would be nice if there were some other options.
Ernest Hemingway|I believe that art is the highest expression of the human spirit. ~ I believe that we yearn to transcend the merely finite and ephemeral; to participate in something mysterious and communal called “culture” – and that this yearning is as strong in our species as the yearning to reproduce the species. ~ Through the local or regional, through our individual voices, we work to create art that will speak to others who know nothing of us. In our very obliqueness to one another, an unexpected intimacy is born.
Cathleen Falsani, Sin Boldly: A Field Guide for Grace|Had I been present at the Creation, I would have given some useful hints for the better ordering of the universe.
Jorge Luis Borges, This Craft of Verse|Confession: I don't want everybody to be beautiful, not in that unlined, creaseless, symmetrical way. Android beauty, like it comes out of a test tube. Beauty without blemish or mark. Not only do I not identify with such people, I don't believe in them either. I don't even find them attractive. This is what makes watching television so hard: they don't cast actors anymore, only models. When they make a movie of my life, they'd better cast a character actor in the lead. Don't try to tell me I'm not a character.
Steve Goodier|Life is a battle, and you either enter it armed, or surrender immediately.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|It is good," he thought "to taste for yourself everything you need to know. That worldly pleasures and wealth are not good things, I learned even as a child. I knew it for a long time, but only now have I experienced it. And now I know it, I know it not only because I remember hearing it, but with my eyes, with my heart, with my stomach. And it is good for me to know it!
Jonathan Wilson-Hartgrove, The Wisdom of Stability: Rooting Faith in a Mobile Culture|As participants in a mobile culture, our default is to move. God embraces our broken world, and I have no doubt that God can use our movement for good. But I am convinced that we lose something essential to our existence as creatures if we do not recognize our fundamental need for stability. Trees can be transplanted, often with magnificent results. But their default is to stay.
Henri Nouwen|The modern artist is working with space and time, and expressing his feelings rather than illustrating.
Terry Fallis, Poles Apart|I truly believed that a man should not be seen to be out front on feminism. That would be just like a man to try to take over the women's movement. We'd taken over everything else in history, in society, in the world, why not feminism, too? No, I don't think so.
Lao Tzu|In everyone's mind there is a whisper of the next step. It may be simple, such as making a phone call or reading a book. It may be a very concrete, mundane step to take that may not even seem connected with your higher vision. Know that you are always being shown the next step; it is always something that comes to your mind as obvious, simple, and a joyful thing to do
Debasish Mridha|Success is the byproduct of desires, purpose-oriented actions, and persistence.
David Pilgrim|The white supremacists are really pretty smart. If they can't scare us with the essential inferiority line, they'll wrap it in a miasma of sex, because that's the only thing they know is feared in our fundamentalist hearts down here.
Erna Solberg|All knowledge or form conception is evoked through the medium of the eye, either in response to disturbances directly received on the retina or to their fainter secondary effects and reverberations. Other sense organs can only call forth feelings which have no reality of existence and of which no conception can be formed.
David Nicholls, A Question of Attraction|Logos are the bleating of the insecure, desperate for acceptance by the chronically shallow. 
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|Suffering occurs when we want other people to love us in the way we imagine we want to be loved, and not in the way that love should manifest itself--free and untrammeled, guiding us with its force and driving us on.
Daniel Younger, The Wrath of Con|Marv's a guy you've got to be careful around. He doesn't mean any harm, but he causes plenty.
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|There's her silence, loud as a roar, pulling at me like the greatest sadness ever, like I want to take it and press myself into it and just disappear forever down into nothing.What a relief that would feel like right now. What a blessed relief.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The higher you rise, the smaller your enemies.
Adriana Trigiani, The Queen of the Big Time|There's no way to know if we would have lasted. There's no way to be sure, and plenty of reasons to doubt it. I just wish I'd had the chance. That is one of the things I miss the most— the chance to make it work.
John Ashbery, Self-Portrait in a Convex Mirror|You always have a choice. You can't stop what's coming, but you can decide how you meet it. The fate of the world is out of your hands. It always was. But your fate--what you decide to do right now-- is still up to you.
Chris Baty|Mailer famously labeled writing the spooky art. He was right. There's a lot of frontal lobe blather, a lot of pencil-sharpening and knuckle-cracking and drafting and chat, but the big decisions are made in the locked subconscious, decisions not just on the writing but on the conditions for writing: I resolve on the one story I've never told and lo! Here I sit, holed up in a house that means nothing to me, bone-certain no other places will do. Art, even the humble autobiographer's, invokes occult necessities.
Mark Pryor, The Bookseller|I'd like to be born the son of a duke with 90,000 pounds a year, on an enormous estate.... And I'd like to have the most enormous library, and I'd like to think that I could read those books forever and forever, and die unlamented, unknown, unsung, unhonored - and packed with information.
Swami Vivekananda, The Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda: v. 3|Grace has not been well understood by the post-modern church let alone applied as post-moderns in our lives as a reality that Christ secured for us."~R. Alan Woods [2012]
Chloe Thurlow, Girl Trade|She should pull away, even though she had begged for it with her smart mouth. She should punish him for every crime he’d perpetrated. For being too good-looking, too sexy, too everything. But the kiss was like him—just too damn good. Warm and brutal, providing answers to questions she never knew she had. He teased with his tongue along the seam of her mouth, seeking that last nudge of acceptance as if it was his God-given right.She parted her lips, and like a predator hinged on her threshold, he took.
Anthony Liccione|Essential to life, is desiring the things that you need, than needing the things you desire.
David Grossman, Her Body Knows|All the while she wondered if any strange good thing might come of her being in her ancestral land; and some spirit within her rose automatically as the sap in the twigs. It was unexpected youth, surging up anew after its temporary check, and bringing with it hope, and the invincible instinct towards self-delight.
Elaine Seiler, Your Multi-Dimensional Workbook: Exercises for Energetic Awakening|If I could turn you on, if I could drive you out of your wretched mind, if I could tell you I would let you know.
Tomichan Matheikal, The Nomad Learns Morality|I have to admit, insanity is so much fun.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Instead, he would make death his final project, the center point of his days. Since everyone was going to die, he could be of great value, right? He could be research. A human textbook. Study me in my slow and patient demise. Watch what happens to me. Learn with me.
Stephen King, The Eyes of the Dragon|Throughout my entire miserable childhood I woke at least once a night weeping from overwhelming delight. I did it hungry, I did it after beatings, I did it after the deaths of loved ones.Now you tell me if I’m crazy or if I’ve always been blessed.
Steven L. Sheppard, Unrequited Waves|Oh, Narcissus! My heart beats ink for you.A pulse in every line.It's your eyesmy words want to be read by,your kind of mindthey would be understood by,your heartthey'd be felt by,and then you'd feel the same way that I do,if only these words could be read or heard by you.
Boethius|You have the chief spark of your health's fire, for you have true knowledge of the hand that guides the universe.
Leza Lowitz, Yoga Heart: Lines on the Six Perfections|Like the best convenience store in the world, / the mind is always open.
Leland Ryken|If you are given a chance to be a role model, I think you should always take it because you can influence a person's life in a positive light, and that's what I want to do. That's what it's all about.
Carrie Jones, Entice|The things of your life arrived in their own time, like a train you had to catch. Sometimes this was easy, all you had to do was step onto it, the train was plush and comfortable and full of people smiling at you in a hush, and a conductor who punched your ticket and tousled your head with his big hand, saying, Ain’t you pretty, ain’t you the prettiest girl now, lucky lady taking a big train trip with your daddy, while you sank into the dreamy softness of your seat and sipped ginger ale from a can and watched the world float in magical silence past your window, the tall buildings of the city in the crisp autumn light and then the backs of the houses with laundry flapping and a crossing with gates where a boy was waving from his bicycle, and then the woods and fields and a single cow eating grass............Because sometimes it was one way, easy, and sometimes it was the other, not easy; the things of your life roared down to you and it was all you could do to grab hold and hang on. Your old life ended, and the train took you away to another...
Neil Gaiman|I hope you will have a wonderful year, that you'll dream dangerously and outrageously, that you'll make something that didn't exist before you made it, that you will be loved and that you will be liked, and that you will have people to love and to like in return. And, most importantly (because I think there should be more kindness and more wisdom in the world right now), that you will, when you need to be, be wise, and that you will always be kind.
Chris Hedges|Hope has a cost. Hope is not comfortable or easy. Hope requires personal risk. It is not about the right attitude. Hope is not about peace of mind. Hope is action. Hope is doing something. The more futile, the more useless, the more irrelevant and incomprehensible an act of rebellion is, the vaster and more potent hope becomes.Hope never makes sense. Hope is weak, unorganized and absurd. Hope, which is always nonviolent, exposes in its powerlessness, the lies, fraud and coercion employed by the state. Hope knows that an injustice visited on our neighbor is an injustice visited on all of us. Hope posits that people are drawn to the good by the good. This is the secret of hope's power. Hope demands for others what we demand for ourselves. Hope does not separate us from them. Hope sees in our enemy our own face.
Jennifer Squyres, Chained and Dominated|As the episode of Scandal ended, I sat up in my bed and thought, I have to read it again. It was driving me crazy, so I got out of bed and skipped down stairs of my comfy loft on the east side of Paradise Hills. Once downstairs I slipped the letter out of the side closure of my briefcase. I walked back to my bedroom, and I began reading the note left for me.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|I never saw her again. But even now, as an old man, I remember her as clearly as if she were standing before me. She was ice personified. There was once a time when darkness shrouded the world, and the darkness had a queen.
Sarah Royal, The Book Bindery|As soon as we got back I ran upstairs and told everyone the story, thus telling everyone the alarm code, thus breaking one of the Ten Commandments when I lied and said I’d keep the code a secret. As I’ve known for a long, long time now, hell is going to be totally fucking worth it.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, The Illusion of "Truth": The Real Jesus Behind the Grand Myth|Understand that religion, at least western versions of it, rests on a type of thinking called Revelation. This mode holds that truths concerning the workings of reality are hidden, masked by, through or behind a deity such that only a few privileged souls are able to see through the veil and “reveal” those truths. . . But (around 1600) revelation as a means of understanding began to be challenged by two other methods of differentiating truth from fallacy: Reason and Empiricism.
Dean Norris|There is not a soul who does not have to beg alms of another, either a smile, a handshake, or a fond eye.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, A Little Princess|It would be easy to become a victim of our circumstances and continue feeling sad, scared or angry; or instead, we could choose to deal with injustice humanely and break the chains of negative thoughts and energies, and not let ourselves sink into it.
David Nicholls, One Day|You know what I can't understand? You have all these people telling you all the time how great you are, smart and funny and talented and all that, I mean endlessly, I've been telling you for years. So why don't you believe it? why do you think people say that stuff, Em? Do you think it's a conspiracy, people secretly ganging up to be nice about you?
Harry Truman|Republicans approve of the American farmer, but they are willing to help him go broke. They stand four-square for the American home--but not for housing. They are strong for labor--but they are stronger for restricting labor's rights. They favor minimum wage--the smaller the minimum wage the better. They endorse educational opportunity for all--but they won't spend money for teachers or for schools. They think modern medical care and hospitals are fine--for people who can afford them. They consider electrical power a great blessing--but only when the private power companies get their rake-off. They think American standard of living is a fine thing--so long as it doesn't spread to all the people. And they admire of Government of the United States so much that they would like to buy it.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Last year I had a very unusual experience. I was awake, with my eyes closed, when I had a dream. It was a small dream about time. I was dead, I guess, in deep black space high up among many white stars. My own consciousness had been disclosed to me, and I was happy. Then I saw far below me a long, curved band of color. As I came closer, I saw that it stretched endlessly in either direction, and I understood that I was seeing all the time of the planet where I had lived. It looked like a woman’s tweed scarf; the longer I studied any one spot, the more dots of color I saw. There was no end to the deepness and variety of the dots. At length, I started to look for my time, but, although more and more specks of color and deeper and more intricate textures appeared in the fabric, I couldn’t find my time, or any time at all that I recognized as being near my time. I couldn’t make out so much as a pyramid. Yet as I looked at the band of time, all the individual people, I understood with special clarity, were living at the very moment with great emotion, in intricate detail, in their individual times and places, and they were dying and being replaced by ever more people, one by one, like stitches in which whole worlds of feeling and energy were wrapped, in a never-ending cloth. I remembered suddenly the color and texture of our life as we knew it- these things had been utterly forgotten- and I thought as I searched for it on the limitless band, “that was a good time then, a good time to be living.”And I began to remember our time. I recalled green fields with carrots growing, one by one, in slender rows. Men and women in bright vests and scarves came and pulled the carrots out of the soil and carried them in baskets to shaded kitchens, where they scrubbed them with yellow brushes under running water…I saw may apples in forest, erupting through leaf-strewn paths. Cells on the root hairs of sycamores split and divided and apples grew striped and spotted in the fall. Mountains kept their cool caves, and squirrels raced home to their nests through sunlight and shade. I remembered the ocean, and I seemed to be in the ocean myself, swimming over orange crabs that looked like coral, or off the deep Atlantic banks where whitefish school. Or again I saw the tops of poplars, and the whole sky brushed with clouds in pallid streaks, under which wilds ducks flew, and called, one by one, and flew on. All these things I saw. Scenes grew in depth and sunlit detail before my eyes, and were replaced by ever more scenes, as I remembered the life of my time with increasing feeling. At last I saw the earth as a globe in space, and I recalled the ocean’s shape and the form of continents, saying to myself with surprise as I looked at the planet, “Yes, that’s how it was then, that part there we called ‘France’”. I was filled with the deep affection of nostalgia- and then I opened my eyes.
Clarence Darrow|There was a time, when we were illiterate, insane and inhuman, and we needed religion to control the masses for the good or evil, but now we are in the time of the technological advancement, we are educated and we must let go off religion.
Bob Iger|The mission of Patrick Henry College was to attract and cultivate academic stars from the ranks of home-schooled evangelicals, then send them off on graduation day to 'shape the culture and take back the nation,' in the words of a common home-schooling rallying cry.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The thing that I’m most likely to collapse under is not the weight of the stresses that stand around me, but the ego that sits within me.
Felicity Hayes-McCoy, The House on an Irish Hillside|The vicar's handshake was warm and reassuring, but shaking hands with Mavis was like clutching a bunch of dead twigs.
T. Frohock, The Broken Road|Does it have a bed?" Liz asked doing her best to prop him up."A couple of old army cots that probably have more mildew than a politician has bullshit.
Judith McNaught, Someone to Watch Over Me|One morning at the end of the two years, as I was writing a letter to his dictation, he came and bent over me, and said--"Jane, have you a glittering ornament round your neck?" I had a gold watch-chain: I answered "Yes." "And have you a pale blue dress on?I had. He informed me then, that for some time he had fancied the obscurity clouding one eye was becoming less dense; and that now he was sure of it.
Robert Fanney|Silent. So it should be. You have no place in this world, Luthiel. And there is no other.' Zalos reached out and lifted a few strands of her hair. 'Bright songs and the magic of hope are but a dangerous illusion. The fake comfort of witches charms.
Arthur Henderson|If you sing a song of peace with enough gestures and grimaces, it becomes a war song.
Marina Abromovic|Governments are composed of human beings, and all of the frailties that humans possess are absorbed into these governments and become active within these governments. Hatred, anger, jealousy, fear, greed, distrust and the whole host of afflictions that humans must bear, lurk just beneath the surface of civility displayed by 'government.'
R.A. Parry, James Dean Rode a Unicorn: A Fantastical Collection of Short Fiction|I love winter. The bugs are dead, and the people are indoors.
Jane Lotter, The Bette Davis Club|That is the key of this collection, being yourself. Don't be into trends. Don't make fashion own you, but you decide what you are, what you want to express by the way you dress and the way to live.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|Do not fear, for I am with you - Isaiah 41:10
Lynn Hershman Leeson|Invisibility--there are things we can't see now, that are there, that are embedded, that it really takes time in order to be able to see. There are many ghosts that are lurking around and lingering through us that takes the technology of another generation or so in order to uncover and show what those stains and strains and perceived flaws really we're building towards
Shannon L. Alder|God will shout during your storms, whisper during your sunshine and sing during the rarest rainbows you will encounter.
jojo1980|Love cost its like working a full time job you got to put work and effort into it,and that's why it fails with a lot of people because they on the job part time !!! #GeminiStatus
Junot Díaz|There will be sadness," Alia intoned. "I remind you that all things are but beginning, forever beginning. Worlds wait to be conquered. Some within the sound of my voice will attain exalted destinies. You will sneer at the past, forgetting what I tell you now: within all differences there is unity.
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?|The way you SEE your life SHAPES your life.How you define life determines your destiny. Your perspective will influence how you invest your time, spend your money, use your talents, and value your relationships.
Mimi Jean Pamfiloff, Fugly|When it comes to your looks, the only option in this world that matters is yours.
Jennifer Loren, The Devil's Eyes|Hot as hell isn't he?' Exie questioned from over my shoulder.'Yeah, I guess he is''You guess? Are you blind? Girl, he is so fine it's scary. I nearly had an orgasm the other day when he asked me a cup of tea. But don't stare too hard, Meagan will scratch your eyes out if she catches you staring at her man.' Exie said with a high eyebrow warning.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|Remember thee? Ay, thou poor ghost, while memory holds a seatin this distracted globe. Remember thee?
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays of Wendell Berry|Kill if you will, but command me nothing!’ the gunslinger roared. ‘You have forgotten the faces of those who made you!
Dave Gorman|If you knew how many hidden depths I had your pretty eyes would pop right out of your winsome face. Not literally of course - that would be disgusting. I wouldn’t envy the man who had to clean up a pair of popped eyes, especially given the state of this deck. I’m not sure we even have any cleaning products that work for popped eyes, although I suppose a general viscera cleaner would do the trick.
Michael Porter|While the river of life glides along smoothly, it remains the same river; only the landscape on either bank seems to change.
Scott Baio|Like all my family and class, I considered it a sign of weakness to show affection; to have been caught kissing my mother would have been a disgrace, and to have shown affection for my father would have been a disaster.
Patti Digh, Life Is a Verb: 37 Days to Wake Up, Be Mindful, and Live Intentionally|What would it hurt for me to give that homeless guy a couple bucks? Who the hell cares if he spends it on beer? Maybe beer is a step up for him from the harder stuff that knocked him onto the streets in the first place. Maybe, just maybe, he’s actually going to spend it on food (homeless people do eat, right?). Maybe, he really is a desperate human being who is trying to change his situation.
Marjane Satrapi, Persepolis: The Story of a Childhood|In life you'll meet a lot of jerks. If they hurt you, tell yourself that it's because they're stupid. That will help keep you from reacting to their cruelty. Because there is nothing worse than bitterness and vengeance... Always keep your dignity and be true to yourself.
Lynn A. Robinson|When you face a new challenge, remember the skills, talent, guts and resources that got you through before.
Renee Ahdieh, The Rose & the Dagger|I think it is just a matter of getting into the mind of the writer,” Vetinari went on, looking at a letter covered with grubby fingerprints and what looked like the remains of someone’s breakfast. He added: “In some cases, I imagine, there is a lot of room.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|There is something infantile in the presumption that somebody else (parents in the case of children, God in the case of adults) has a responsibility to give your life meaning and point.
Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice|The desperate piercing scream of horror echoed far above the sharpened tops of the trees wrapped in thin obsidian-transparent mist, and I startled jerkily, tripping again, and almost collapsed onto the cold moist ground.
Sunday Adelaja|Most of the deaths before seventy years old in our world, could actually be prevented if the various individuals had only treated their lives with more caution and sense of value.
Joanne McClean, Blue Eyes and Sweet Peach Pie|Love leads us to write poetry because love improves our hearing; like prayer, poetry is every bit as much about listening as it is about speaking. To 'get' the poem is to hear the eloquence of the silence that it calls forth through its manifestation of love.
"Beta" Metani' Marashi|What a world it is, Cora thought, that makes a living prison into your only haven. Was she out of bondage or in its web: how to describe the status of a runaway?
Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium|on the day that started it all, that rocketed me forward and landed me here, in this new body, in this new future.
Hippocrates|Music is not math. It's science. You keep mixing the stuff up until it blows up on you, or it becomes this incredible potion.
Olivier J. Blanchard, Social Media ROI: Managing and measuring social media efforts in your organization|You see, the thing about working with pirates is that they know what they are doing. They already know more than you do because they are sailing and raiding. They are the experts in your organization, and you need to get them on your side, not turn them against you. Here is how to deal with a pirate ship model in ten simple steps: 1. Respect the pirates. (They know how to execute.) 2. Invite the pirates to the table. Recognize their wins. 3. Ask the pirates to report on what they see and hear. 4. Ask the pirates to report on their wins and losses. 5. Ask the pirates how you can help them win more....
Martin Amis, Night Train|It used to be said, not so long ago, that every suicide gave Satan special pleasure. I don't think that's true—unless it isn't true either that the Devil is a gentleman. If the Devil has no class at all, then okay, I agree: He gets a bang out of suicide. Because suicide is a mess. As a subject for study, suicide is perhaps uniquely incoherent. And the act itself is without shape and without form. The human project implodes, contorts inward—shameful, infantile, writhing, gesturing. It's a mess in there.
Rebecca Rogers Maher, The Bridge|But that’s depression, isn’t it? It makes you selfish. It…it shrinks your world down. Like you’re inside a tornado or something. How are you supposed to care about the things outside that storm? When it’s all you can do to just survive it?
W. Edwards Deming|Whether it is the old lady's fear, or the many ghostly traditions of this place, or the crucifix itself, I do not know, but I am not feeling nearly as easy in my mind as usual.
Debasish Mridha|To grow unique beauty, be wild and live in the wilderness of your mind.
Jay Michaelson, Evolving Dharma: Meditation, Buddhism, and the Next Generation of Enlightenment|All relaxation does is allow the truth to be felt. The mind is cleared, like a dirty window wiped clean, and the magnitude of what we might ordinarily take for granted inspires tears.
Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography|The photograph is literally an emanation of the referent. From a real body, which was there, proceed radiations which ultimately touch me, who am here; the duration of the transmission is insignificant; the photograph of the missing being, as Sontag says, will touch me like the delayed rays of a star.
Deyth Banger|Everybody know that it was not possible, till somebody was there and did not know this.Iedereen wist dat het niet mogelijk was, tot dat er iemand kwam die dat niet wist
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|A radical love story is the only device that makes the time-chariot of a village, a city, a country, gallop faster. Such a love story pulls the wheels of that chariot from a murky, regressive past towards a spotlessly clean road under autumn-blue skies. And for that chariot to move forward, to bring change in the village, you don’t have to be conscious of being a radical. You just have to fall in love.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Muggles have garden gnomes, too, you know," Harry told Ron as they crossed the lawn."Yeah, I've seen those things they think are gnomes," said Ron, bent double with his head in a peony bush, "like fat little Santa Clauses with fishing rods...
Amy Efaw, After|Language is like a road, it cannot be perceived all at once because it unfolds in time, whether heard or read. This narrative or temporal element has made writing and walking resemble each other.
George Washington|In a free society, how can you commit a crime against yourself?
Guy de Maupassant, The Complete Short Stories of Guy de Maupassant, Part One|All things are true. God's an Astronaut. Oz is Over the Rainbow, and Midian is where the monsters live." - Peloquin
Frances Wright|You learn more about life and people in two hours of war than in four decades of peace. War is dirty, sure, war is senseless, but come on! Civilian life is also senseless, in its sameness and it's reasonableness and because it dulls the instincts. The truth that no one dares speak aloud is that war is a pleasure, The greatest pleasure there is, otherwise it would stop immediately. Once you've tasted it, it's like heroin: you want more. (...) The taste for war, real war, is as natural to man as taste for peace, it's idiotic to want to eliminate it by repeating virtuously that peace is good and war is evil. In fact it's like men and women, yin and yang: you need both.
Jaron Lanier|With the world's human population now at seven billion and growing, and the demand for technology and modern conveniences increasing, we can't control all our negative impacts. But we have to find better ways to live within the limits nature and its cycles impose.
Michelle Sagara West, Cast in Silence|Though we eat little flesh and drink no wine,Yet let's be merry; we'll have tea and toast;Custards for supper, and an endless hostOf syllabubs and jellies and mincepies,And other such ladylike luxuries.
Cynthia D'Aprix Sweeney, The Nest|Jack picked a piece of mint from his glass and chewed on it for a second. “I’m curious,” he said,“is telling someone to relax ever helpful? It’s like saying ‘breathe’ to someone who ishyperventilating or ‘swallow’ to a person who’s choking. It’s a completely useless admonition.
Tim Russert|Boys like it when you talk to them as if they were grown men—at least he always did when he was a kid—because they pretend that’s what they are anyhow, grown-up men, and they do it for their entire lives.
Cathrine Lødøen|When you are turning pagesif you are in the midst of a really good writerof the very rare kindhis or her voice becomes crystal clearand all of your own so very still. They sit down, fold their arms across your lap and shhhhstillness from withinand from this in this rare momentyou will be able to observe and thenif you wishrewriteyour own story.Yes, this is what the really rare and good writer doesand how reading can heal your life story.
Gustave Flaubert, Sentimental Education|You know it’s true.”“Even if it is,” I cried, “what does it matter? You could sleep with anybody, Wesley. So what if I walk away? So what if I have feelings for you? I was just a screw to you! You would never actually commit to me. You could never commit to anyone, but especially not to Duffy. You don’t even find me attractive.”“Bullshit,” he growled, his eyes on my face as he moved closer to me again.He was so close. My back was pressed to the wall, and Wesley stood only inches away. It had only been a week, but it felt like ages since we’d been in this kind of proximity. A shiver ran up my spine as I remembered the way his hands felt on me. The way he’d always made me feel wanted, even if he had called me the Duff. Did he? Did he find me attractive despite the nickname? How? Why?“Then why would you call me that?” I whispered. “Do you know how much it hurts? Every time you call me Duffy, do you know how shitty it makes me feel?”Wesley looked surprised. “What?”“Every time you call me that,” I said, “you’re telling me how little you think of me. How ugly I am. God, how can you possibly find me attractive when you put me down all the time.” I hissed the last words through gritted teeth.“I didn’t-” His eyes fell, staring at his shoes for a moment. I could tell he felt guilty. “Bianca, I’m sorry.” He looked into my eyes again. “I didn’t mean-” His hand reached out to touch me.“Don’t,” I snapped, shrugging away from him. I slid to the side and stepped away from the wall. I wasn’t going to be cornered. I wasn’t going to let him have the power here. “Just stop, Wesley.”It didn’t matter if some part of him found me attractive. That didn’t change things. I was just another girl he’d slept with. One among many.“I didn’t mean anything to you,” I told him.“Then why am I here?” he demanded, turning to face me again. “Why the hell am I here, Bianca?
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|The knowledge of the Universe is not secret, but is placed in the heart of every grandma and grandpa who have nothing and yet give everything to their grandchildren, in the eyes of every mother holding her baby close to her heart, in the spirit of every father holding the hand of his child walking for the first time.
Hanif Kureishi, Intimacy|There is a magic to intimacy, a world built of sighs and skin that is thicker than brick, stronger than iron. There is only you, and him, so impossibly close that nothing can come between. Not the enemy, not your allies. In this safe haven, in this hallowed place and time, I could even ask the questions whose answers I feared.
Jaime Reed, Keep Me In Mind|Hope can be foolish or misguided, but there was no such thing as false hope. Hope was always true even when there was no evidence to support its claim.” - Liam
Dana Goodyear|We have to program the mind of the public that age is not ugly. Age is just age. Wake up, American children, and stop listening to other people's voices. Know yourself, be true to yourself and make a contribution. It took me half my life to know myself. I listened to other people's opinions and took them as gospel.
Iain Banks|Justification has so dominated the landscape of Christian thought that adoption has been marginalized. We don't hear much about our adoption at all. We hear a lot about forgiveness, but very little about the staggering reality of our inclusion in Jesus' relationship with his Father in the Spirit.
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability|You just can't let life happen to you, you have to make life happen.
kambiz shabankareh|Everyone makes me happy some people when they come into my life, others when they go.
Ben Lindsey|I liked being a teenager, but I would not go back for all the tea in China.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|their eyes are full of kindness as each feels the full effect of novelty after a short separation. They are drawing a relaxation from each other's presence, a new serenity.
Christopher Paolini, Inheritance|If you don't make a few ememies now and then, you're a coward-or worse. Besides, it as worth it to see his reaction. Oh, he was angry!- Angela to Eragon
Kay Redfield Jamison|Knowledge is marvelous, but wisdom is even better.
Eliza Lloyd, Jack's Hellion|She’d known for years that good things didn’t last, that loved ones went away and dreams were as easy to reach as the stars in the sky.
Tiffany Snow, Blank Slate|I was still excited. Big or small, elephants are elephants, after all. Just before we mounted, when I was sure no one could see me, I quickly kissed the shoulder of my beast and murmured, 'Hey, sweetie.''Hey, darlin'." That was Tonio, appearing suddenly by my shoulder. He gave me a laughing look that suggested he was either amused by or attracted to women who kiss elephants for no good reason.
Dada Bhagwan|When is bliss of the self (Samadhi) experienced? It is when one does not want anything, when all the tubers of one’s greed goes away, then the bliss of the self (Samadhi) is experienced. Give away, how much you give (your things to others), that much (happiness) will be yours !
Konrad Zuse|Like Alan Turing, Zuse was educated in a system that focused on a child's emotional and philosophical life as well as his intellectual life, and at the end of school, like Turing, Zuse found himself to be something of an outsider—to the disappointment of his very conventional parents, he no longer believed in God or religion.(Jane Smiley (2010). The Man Who Invented the Computer)
Jean Kerr|When you start using senses you've neglected, your reward is to see the world with completely fresh eyes.
Louise Carey, The Steel Seraglio|I ran up the stairs, shedding pieces of my suit as I went, determined for a shower, resolute in washing away what I’d just done, who I really was but I was certain there was nothing that could cleanse me, to launder my poisoned blood. This was who I was. Hopeless personified.
V.S. Carnes|A hand stole around her mouth, silencing her, then his lips parting her tumbled hair: “The walls have ears.”She blinked, and for the first time, looked around. A thin beam of light beneath what may have been a door. That was all. When he released her, she endeavored to match his own, barely audible tone. “Do the walls understand English?
Laurence Overmire, Honor and Remembrance|It is, in truth, our responsibility to understand our needs and to adjust our perceptions,thoughts, decisions, behaviors, and environments to reflect these needs. We can’t force others to change, but we can change ourselves.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|And taking your life as a whole, with all your innumerable choices, all your life long you are slowly turning this central thing either into a heavenly creature or a hellish creature: either into a creature that is harmony with God, and with other creatures, and with itself, or else into one that is in a state of war and hatred with God, and with its fellow-creatures, and with God.
Bill Walton|Every relationship between persons causes a picture of each to take form in the mind of the other, and this picture evidently is in reciprocal relationship with that personal relationship.
Vishwas Chavan|The good news is that you are never alone. If you are a man, you are always with your inner feminine side. If you are a woman, you are ways with your inner masculine side. However, we are often disconnected from those inner feminine or masculine qualities. Meditation helps to establish that much needed dialog and connection with your inner self. The more we get in touch with our inner self, the more we experience peace, harmony and bliss.
J.M. Barrie|It's as though a smile is ageless, or perhaps eternal, independent of the decay and collapse of the surrounding features.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|I am a hunter of beauty and I move slow and I keep the eyes wide, every fiber of every muscle sensing all wonder and this is the thrill of the hunt and I could be an expert on the life full, the beauty meat that lurks in every moment.I hunger to taste life.God.
Austin Kleon, Steal Like an Artist: 10 Things Nobody Told You About Being Creative|Collect books, even if you don’t plan on reading them right away. Filmmaker John Waters has said, “Nothing is more important than an unread library.
Jaimie Roberts, A Step Two Close|Masturbating in front of him while talking dirty brings me far more pleasure than I expected…” —Sofia Herrera (French Kiss, Unbearable Passion, #2)
Kristine Barnett|In every southerner, beneath the veneer of clichés lies a much deeper motherlode of cliché. But even cliché is overlaid with enormous power when a child is involved.
Thom Gunn|The world will never have lasting peace so long as men reserve for war the finest human qualities. Peace, no less than war, requires idealism and self-sacrifice and a righteous and dynamic faith.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater|There's only one rule that I know of, babies—God damn it, you've got to be kind.
R.A.Delmonico|Provided there is a church which proclaims the mutual humanity and deity of the Lord Jesus Christ, evil will never be able to bring it to the point of attrition.
Kresley Cole, Kiss of a Demon King|I don't get it. I'm sexually attractive to a remarkable degree-""And humble.""It's not bragging if it's true. And I'm his-which means, this is in the bag. Or should be.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|The queer thing is that we do trust you," said Bodisham. "In spite of your -- extremism.""You'd better," said Rud with grim conviction. "I'm right. What is extremism? The whole truth and nothing but the truth. I ask you.""It's because of his extremism you trust him," said Chiffan. "It's because in the last resort we believe in his indiscretion, and know he won't fail us even if we fail ourselves. All leadership is extravagance. Extra-vagance. Going a bit ahead."Rud did not quite understand that. "It's because you know I'm right," he said."It's because," said Chiffan, letting his thoughts run away with him," to make a new world, the leader must be a fundamentally destructive man, a recklessly destructive man. He breaks his way through the jungle and we follow...We cannot do without you, Rud.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Real limitations can be reasonably challenged and expanded, but a hobbled mind is not going anywhere.
Steven Redhead, Life Is Simply A Game|Reality can be mischievous at times, fragile, fleeting; with the potential to change vastly without warning.
Suzy Kassem|their anxiety, justified or not, was genuine,
Antony Flew, There Is a God: How the World's Most Notorious Atheist Changed His Mind|I believe in steel swords, gold coins, and man's wits. (...) And I believe there once were dragons. I've seen their skulls, after all.
Joe Ambercrombie|God lures us into marriage through love and sex and loneliness, or simply the fact that someone finally paid attention - all those reasons that you got married in the first place. It doesn't really matter, he'll do whatever it takes. He lures us into marriage and then he uses it to transform us.
G.S. Jennsen, Restless|Don’t talk. Don’t sputter out a solitary protest or it will be your last. Take me to them.”“Who the f**k are you?”He palmed the man’s forehead and slammed his skull against the wall. “I said don’t talk, and you want to do as I say. I’m the one thing monsters like you and your kind fear. I’m what haunts your nightmares and hunts you in the darkness.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Close your EYES,hear the RAIN, and listen to my WORDS.
Charles Williams|Man can and must prevent the tragedy of famine in the future instead of merely trying with pious regret to salvage the human wreckage of the famine, as he has so often done in the past.
Samuel Johnson, Samuel Johnson on Shakespeare|The composition of Shakespeare is a forest, in which oaks extend in the air, interspersed sometimes with weeds and brambles, and sometimes giving shelting to myrtles and to roses; filling the eye with awful pomp, and gratifying the mind with endless diversity.
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|If Kindle is upgraded with face recognition and biometric sensors, it can know what made you laugh, what made you sad and what made you angry. Soon, books will read you while you are reading them.
Susan Collins|Although our inattention can contribute to our lack of total well-being, we also have the power to choose positive behaviors and responses. In that choice we change our every experience of life!
Jennifer       Smith, The Unveiled Wife: Embracing Intimacy with God and Your Husband|May every man find the softest and most fragile expression of his personality with the right woman who would treasure and honour the beauty of his femininity and not misuse it and may all women find empowering and supportive men who would exult in her self expression and success without fear of being overshadowed by the power of her masculinity and in that beautiful new world, shall we enter as partners, equal and empowering, supporting and caring, vulnerable and strong.
Stacey O'Neale, Under His Skin|He leaned in and kissed her. The world didn’t stop dead on its axis. Nothing fell from the sky. It was a gentle meeting of flesh, not a melding of souls. Yet the taste of her lips was everything he remembered, and more. Without moving a muscle—without batting an eyelash—she managed to take ten years of simmering frustration and dissolve them as if they were nothing more than a spoonful of sugar in a pot of hot water.He straightened. A series of expressions tripped across her face in rapid succession. He caught shellshock, bemusement, and then a faint trace of…sadness.Definitely not one-sided. But not what he’d been looking for, either.
Amy Lane, The Winter Courtship Rituals of Fur-Bearing Critters|My knitting is simple", he said again. Ï can make anything you want with it, but it will always be simple.
William Shakespeare, King Henry VI, Part 3|Sound drums and trumpets! Farewell sour annoy! For here, I hope, begins our lasting joy.
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|You learn to live with it, with them. Because they do stay with you, even if they’re not living, breathing people any more.It’s not the same crushing grief you felt at first, the kind that swamps you, and makes you want to cry in the wrong places, and get irrationally angry with all the idiots who are still alive when the person you love is dead.It’s just something you learn to accommodate.Like adapting around a hole. I don’t know. It’s like you become … a doughnut instead of a bun
C.V. Hunt, Danse Macabre|Snow came back, but she didn't come back right.
Stephen Crane, The Open Boat and Other Stories|If I am going to be drowned—if I am going to be drowned—if I am going to be drowned, why, in the name of the seven mad gods who rule the sea, was I allowed to come thus far and contemplate sand and trees?
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|It was like making a blunder at a party; there was nothing to do about it, it was dreadfully mortifying, but it showed a lack of sense to ascribe too much importance to it.
Luis Marques|When fully united, without ego or weakness, we become the greatest invisible force this world has ever witnessed.
Isabelle Eberhardt|You think, eventually, that nothing can disturb you and that your nerves are impregnable. Yet, looking down at that familiar face, I realized that death is something to which we never become calloused.
A.P. Sweet, dead, but dreaming|Says, Rahula! Rahula! Face of Glory! Universe chawed and swallowed!
Kay Hooper|We should never, ever believe life - or history holds no surprises for us. That was lies arrogance. And arrogance can blind us to the truth.""Which truth?""Any truth. All truth." her voice was solemn
Samael Aun Weor|We need something that encourages us to work, we need an intimate aid. This is only possible through meditation.
Fenny Wong, Lapis Lazuli|Jika mawar itu berduri, tusuklah hingga merah darahku, agar aku terbangun pada kenyataan tanpa dirimu.
Christine Fonseca, Dies Irae|you should meet first "PAIN" before you find "LOVE
Debasish Mridha|You are my cry, you're my tears, you're my joy, you're my heart and love, only I don't know who am I.
Fakeer Ishavardas|When you know yourself—your strengths, joys, limitations, and fears—you can live in truth and transparency in all areas of your life.
Katherine McIntyre, An Airship Named Desire|You’re crazy,” he hisses. “Too true.
Ralph Ellison|Yet, taught by time, my heart has learned to glow for other's good, and melt at other's woe.
Jonathan Franzen, How to Be Alone|Depression presents itself as a realism regarding the rottenness of the world in general and the rottenness of your life in particular. But the realism is merely a mask for depression's actual essence, which is an overwhelming estrangement from humanity. The more persuaded you are of your unique access to the rottenness, the more afraid you become of engaging with the world; and the less you engage with the world, the more perfidiously happy-faced the rest of humanity seems for continuing to engage with it.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|To this day, I believe the unity of the world's countries in the fight against terror is more powerful than the fight itself.
Nicole  Williams, Crash|They grew up, moulded by the harsh or kindly pressure of their fellows, to be either well nurtured, generous, sound, or mentally crippled, bitter, unwittingly vindictive.
Harshada Pathare, You Complete Me|When consent takes the form of seeking to possess the things we wish, this is called desire. When consent takes the form of enjoying the things we wish, this is called joy.
Constance Phillips, Fairyproof|Commitment and family were important decisions, but so were matters of the heart. [Monique] might not know much about politics, but she knew she couldn’t command her heart to love. And she’d never be pressured into giving herself to Eero, not to appease her family or to strengthen her brother’s political position. She’d seen all she cared to of him and his power in the short week that he pursued her and that night he’d tried to bind their powers without her consent.
Ramsey Campbell, Best New Horror 22|Philip doesn't let go, his eyes glinting with rage. "We're gonna survive this thing,and we're gonna do it by being bigger monsters than they are! You understand? There ain't no philosophy, there ain't no grace, there ain't no mercy, there's only us and them, and all they wanna do is eat our ass! So we're gonna fucking eat them! We're gonna chew 'em up and spit 'em out, and we're gonna survive this thing or I will blow a hole through this whole fucked up world! You follow me? You FOLLOW ME!
Jacquelyn Frank, Cursed by Fire|Although we may face untold numbers that by their sheer mass appear to render us as little more than a speck in the face of them, a single person standing with God amidst any mass will always be an indomitable majority.
DeWayne Owens, How to Get Rich on Purpose: Secrets to Prosperity and Controlling Your Destiny|Your failures are not determined by how many times you fall down. Your failures are determined by how many times you stay down, so get up and continue to strive!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|Wait and see the steps you should or should not have taken, and you shall understand patience and impatience better!
Lisa Gardner, Catch Me|Here is the world. It is not a safe place, but however frightening and bewildering life may become, we can survive our fears, grab them by the wolf ’s tail as Peter did, and make peace with the world.
Alberto Vitale|You think I can't get it up anymore, maybe? Lemme tell you, you eat enough garlic and it stands up every time.
Jeffrey Kluger|When I studied graphic design, I learned a valuable lesson: There's no perfect answer to the puzzle, and creativity is a renewable resource.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|What most people don't realize is that when you decide to write and publish a book, it's not for stardom, or for fame, it's because you have a story that's inside of you that is dying to get out! You don't just come up with it one day, it's a thought that evolves into something unimaginably beautiful...
Lama Surya Das|I'm inclined to reserve all judgments, a habit that has opened up many curious natures to me and also made me the victim of not a few veteran bores.
Aeschylus|Tina Turner is someone that I admire, because she made her strength feminine and sexy.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|English rain feels obligatory, like paperwork. It dampens already damn days and slicks the stones.
John Flanagan, Halt's Peril|I'd say," the Ranger answered after a few seconds' deliberation, "that he'll be heading south now that he has the chance. Back into Araluen.""How do you know that?" Horace asked. He was always impressed at the two Rangers' ability to read a situation and come up with the correct answer to a problem. Sometimes, he thought, they almost seemed to have divine guidance."I'm guessing," Halt told him.
Josephine Angelini, Firewalker|I cannot help, but when danger is at hand remember always that I am here to stand -- or fall -- with you.
Steven Magee|In a climate changed world, it is a smart person who thins their trees so that the abnormally high winds can pass through them without damage.
Eric Hoffer|I ignored him, concentrating on Lilith. "According to the stories, after you were expelled from Eden you went down into Hell, where you coupled with demons and gave birth to all the monsters that have plagued the world.""I was young," said Lilith. "You know how it is. We all do things we later regret, when we're being rebellious teenagers.
Lynne McTaggart, The Field: The Quest for the Secret Force of the Universe|If I become the man you want, I wouldn't be the man I am.
Courtney Milan, Unlocked|I’ll be your friend in daylight. I’ll treat you as a comrade in every gas-lit ballroom. But alone, under moonlight, I’ll not pretend that I want you for anything but mine.
Kinky Friedman|If you have the choice between humble and cocky, go with cocky. There's always time to be humble later, once you've been proven horrendously, irrevocably wrong.
Laura Ingalls Wilder, Little House in the Big Woods|So they all went away from the little log house. The shutters were over the windows, so the little house could not see them go. It stayed there inside the log fence, behind the two big oak trees that in the summertime had made green roofs for Mary and Laura to play under. And that was the last of the little house.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|The water cleansed his soul of the clutter and junk he had acquired through advice from those who were loud, but wrong. Many who had claimed to be wise had filled him, like so many others, with fear, hate, and judgement - all emotions that could not be carried be carried into Eternity.
Mehmet Murat ildan|There is only one autumn in a year, but in people’s life, there are many autumns in one year!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Share your skills, inspire a change.
Noel Streatfeild, Skating Shoes|During the last six months the little girl Harriet, without her noticing it, had disappeared and a new Harriet had taken her place. A Harriet who looked much the same outside, but was more of a person inside.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|When you begin to relinquish your ego, you will no longer feel compelled to prove to people how busy you are in an attempt to validate your sense of worth.
Courtney Giardina, Holding on to Georgia|Hearts will break and people will hurt you, darling.” Her mother said. “But when you let those people control your outlook on the life, you only allow them to have a greater hold on your happiness. Once you accept the fact that every day is a new day to begin again, life becomes a much easier path to walk.
Warren Ellis, Transmetropolitan, Vol. 1: Back on the Street|My God, Judge, do men believe whatever lie they hear about an enemy?
Mohsin Hamid, How to Get Filthy Rich in Rising Asia|You are a door to an existence she does not desire, but even if the room beyond is repugnant, that door has won a portion of her affection.
Pam Conrad, Our House|and give me insults, give meeconomic discrimination, give methe darkened parking lot of a windowless queer bar, give me fleets of bigots and books bannedin libraries across america, feed the worldwith lies about my life and plop a secondhelping of oppression on my plateand thank you for not making me straight.
Friedrich Nietzsche|I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you.
Nicole Beharie|Well, I always had a chauffer, because I have never driven a car in my life. I still can't drive.
G&A Security|I don’t care how secure you think your organization is, I’ll social engineer my way inside in less than 24 hours regardless of the sophistication of your IoT microcosm security. Whatever obstacles I run into exploiting your technical vulnerabilities will be made up for by exploiting the vulnerabilities in the cyber hygiene of your staff.
Chester Bennington|Since the time of St. Jerome, it was mandatory for any kind of scholar or thinker to spend time out in the desert in solitude. It's no coincidence that the desert has been a major part of the visionary or mystical experience from the beginning of time.
Malik Daniyal Sakhawat|I can do it, yes I can." from "You can do it, yes you can." Think Tank Ink for Scriptwriters.
Peter Adams|As a war correspondent and a mother, I've learned to live in two different realities. It's not always easy to make the transition from a beautiful London park filled with children to a war zone, but it's my choice. I choose to live in peace and witness war- to experience the worst in people but to remember the beauty.
Dan Webster|I always rewrite each day up to the point where I stopped. When it is all finished, naturally you go over it. You get another chance to correct and rewrite when someone else types it, and you see it clean in type. The last chance is in the proofs. You're grateful for these different chances.
Ramez Naam|We're not going to cure terrorism and spread peace and goodwill in the Middle East by killing innocent people, or I'm not even saying our bullets and bombs are killing them. The occupation that they don't have food. They don't have clean water. They don't have electricity. They don't have medicine. They don't have doctors.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Acid filled Sara’s mouth.It wasn’t fair.That’s what Sara wanted to say. To scream at the top of her lungs.It just wasn’t fair.Lena wasn’t strong. She would bend, not break. She would recover from this tragedy the same easy way she recovered from every other tragedy before.Even if she lost Jared, Lena would always know what it felt like to have his child growing inside of her. She could always hold her baby’s hand and think of holding Jared’s. She could see her child laugh and learn and grow and play sports and do school projects and graduate from college and Lena would always, always remember her husband. She would see Jared in her grandchildren and great-grandchildren. On her deathbed, she would find peace in the knowledge that they had made something beautiful together. That even in death, they would both go on living.“Sara,” Faith said. “What’s happening here?”Sara wiped her eyes, angry that she was back in the same dark place she’d started at this morning. “Why does everything come so damn easy to her?” She struggled to speak. Her throat clenched around every word that wanted to come out of her mouth. “Everything just opens up, and she always walks through unscathed and—” Sara had to stop for breath. “It’s just so easy for her. She always has it so goddamn easy.
Jen Hatmaker|Anytime the rich and poor combine, we should listen to whoever has the least power. Rich people are conditioned to assess the world through our privileges. The powerful tend to discredit or ignore the marginalized perspective because we can. We are shielded from the effects of a lopsided equation; we reap the benefits, not the losses. We don't mean to do this (or even know we do), but we evaluate other communities through the lens of advantage assuming we know best, have the most to offer. In doing so we unintentionally elevate our perception.
Emily Arden, Lie to me: Deception: Book Two|We are accustomed to look for the gross and immediate effects and to ignore all else. Unless this appears promptly and in such obvious form that it cannot be ignored, we deny the existence of hazard. Even research men suffer from the handicap of inadequate methods of detecting the beginnings of injury. The lack of sufficiently delicate methods to detect injury before symptoms appear is one of the great unsolved problems in medicine.
Ulrich Beck|We already have the statistics for the future: the growth percentages of pollution, overpopulation, desertification. The future is already in place.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|My advice for those of you who felt being marginalised, undervalued and taken for granted; guess what? That is the Arena where God creates Leaders.
Neil Gaiman, Season of Mists|Everything created has a beginning, Destiny of the Endless...as everything created has an end.
Iris Murdoch|An artist never really finishes his work, he merely abandons it.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|Whatever connection we thought we had before this...it doesn't compare to this moment. No matter what happens between us in life, this moment has just merged pieces of our souls together. Well always have that, and in a way it's comforting to know.
Edgar Wright|I owe my career to Latina women. I was surrounded by the amazing group: my mother, my aunts, my extended family. They didn't necessarily have access to high fashion, but they had great style and looked stunning naturally at every age.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Bloody Bones|[Beneatha Younger:]... He said everybody ought to learn how to sit down and hate each other with good Chrisitan fellowship. [excerpt from Act II, Scene 3]
John Bunyan|Khalid?” It was dark now, and she couldn't see his face, but she knew he was right there, an inch or two from their last kiss. “What was that look? Earlier, after we'd finished?”There was a long silence in the dark before Khalid finally spoke.“It is only that it has been a long time since I have made love.” There was another long quiet. She waited for him. “Of course, I love Galen. But you know already, we are only tender when we are not f****ing. And you and I, we were tender, before, but we did not feel then as we feel now.”“No.”“I had forgotten how big that feeling is.”Vanka pulled Khalid to her, cradling his naked body against hers.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|I shall never forget you. I have never forgotten anyone whom I once knew. My life has never been crowded, and seems not likely to be so.
Thomas E. Mann, It's Even Worse Than It Looks: How the American Constitutional System Collided With the Politics of Extremism|what doesn't kill you not only make you stronger, but also more honest.
Whittaker Chambers, Witness|Eudora Welty singles out for praise Austen's "habit of seeing both sides of her own subject - of seeing it indeed in the round". ... Both men and women can be vain about their appearances, selfish about money, overawed by rank, and limited by parochialism; both men and women can function capably, think profoundly, feel deeply, create imaginatively, laugh wittily, and love faithfully. Without vindicating the rights of anyone directly, Austen posits a humanism far ahead of her time. "How really modern she is, after all," Welty concludes of Austen.
Peter Geye, Wintering|There are so many similarities between [my father] and me, I can see that. But what I think really scares me are the countless ways I'm not like him. And because the past is getting farther and farther behind me, and the end coming closer and closer, I'm afraid I'll never meet the man in myself that I saw in him.
Carl Sagan, Contact|Alchemy is the process of changing lead into gold. Inner alchemy (personal transformation) occurs when we clear our clutter—internal and external—and let go of things that no longer serve us well. This creates balance and space, a place that nurtures contentment, which I believe is true success.
David Bowie|Unfortunately, money in politics is an insidious thing - and a loophole in our campaign finance system was taken advantage of with money going to existing or new 527 groups with the sole purpose of influencing the election.
Jonathan Tesch|To get over a mountain, you have to climb it.
Akshay Vasu|She was sleeping on the bed like a novel that is yet to be read and he sat on the floor, reading her, moving his fingers through her hair and staring at her face like she was magic that none ever understood.
Maya Angelou|I've yet to use a cellphone, and I've never tweeted or entered Facebook. I try not to go online till my day's writing is finished, and I moved from Manhattan to rural Japan in part so I could more easily survive for long stretches entirely on foot, and every trip to the movies would be an event.
Clair Huffaker, The Cowboy and the Cossack|I believe that people who are devoutly religious, within any specific religion, have no true respect for the ultimate vastness that is God.
Olga Núñez Miret, Memory|Fine by me, Jack. I just have to plug in the machine. The City will have to change its name to Sunny Beach.”“We don’t have a beach.”“Well, you know what I mean …”Conversation on Radio Fake 112.8 MHzIn The Shadow of Sadd
Jennifer Milius|Your mind believes what you tell it, so tell it positive things
Lorna Landvik, Welcome to the Great Mysterious|What a great thing, to be loved! What a greater thing still, to love! The heart becomes heroic though passion…if no one loved, the sun would go out.
Kelly Corbet, Already Here: The Matter of Love|Finding joy in the everyday is bliss, is miraculous, and is totally rediscoverable by each of us. The main ingredient for bliss is releasing yesterdays and tomorrows, and remembering who we are now.
Nomthandazo Tsembeni|The sad truth is,we are all grown ups and most of us arematured.However, not all of us are old enough toaccept that loving someone doesn'tguarantee you that they will love you inreturn.
Nouriel Roubini|I hate cameras. They interfere, they're always in the way. I wish: if I could work with my eyes alone.
SalemIsaac|Dont forget to pray today, because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning.
Robert Bork|When a man and a woman have an overwhelming passion for each other, it seems to me, in spite of such obstacles dividing them as parents or husband, that they belong to each other in the name of Nature, and are lovers by Divine right, in spite of human convention or the laws.
Moira Young, Blood Red Road|Marry me, he says. I got all my own teeth, I wash twice a year an I'll cut you in fer half the business here.
Debasish Mridha|To be the love, dissolve into love.
Leslie Le Mon, The Disneyland Book of Secrets 2014 - Dca: One Local's Unauthorized, Rapturous and Indispensable Guide to the Happiest Place on Earth|It was creative, not financial success that thrilled Walt.
Awdhesh Singh, Practising Spiritual Intelligence: For Innovation, Leadership and Happiness|The most interesting aspect of leadership is that it cannot be predicted. All great leaders had been quite ordinary in their early years. It was only when they became leaders that people started recognising them as leaders.It is difficult to identify specific qualities that make a leader. However, when leaders emerge, people are inclined to point out their leadership qualities. Yet, when other people imbibe the same qualities and try to imitate the actions of their leaders, they may fail.
J.R. Ward|I'm sorry," he muttered. "If I... uh, hurt your feelings or something." She glared at him. "I'm not hurt. I'm pissed off and sexually frustrated." His head snapped back on his spine. Well... then. Okaaaaay.
Nicole Grace, Bodhisattva: How to Be Free: Teachings to Guide You Home|It is after days ofSoaking in these downpoursThat the land can drink inThe bounty,That the bejeweled trees canAccept nature’s offering.While the dewy greens areVery pretty, and theRunning streams make the mostGentle trickling soundsThere is no healing until theWater is absorbed.
Edmund S. Muskie|I've chosen my wedding ring large and heavy to continue forever. But exactly because of that all the time that Dave and I have an argument I feel it like handcuffs, and on anger time I throw it in a basket. Poor Dave, he bought me three wedding rings already!
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|You know that feeling when you’re at your favorite restaurant and you see the waitress coming with your food, that happy feeling that slides down your spine? Find the girl that gives you that same feeling. And marry her.
Max Lucado, Grace for the Moment: Inspirational Thoughts for Each Day of the Year|When he says we’re forgiven, let’s unload the guilt. When he says we’re valuable, let’s believe him. . . . When he says we’re provided for, let’s stop worrying. God’s efforts are strongest when our efforts are useless
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|She said, "Right now, while we have this time, I'm not going to do any of that other stuff. I'm going to seize this moment and simply enjoy being with Jesus while I can." Mary made a deliberate choice. She wasn't being lazy and using company as an excuse to get out of helping her sister with chores. She was choosing to focus on what mattered the most.
Timothy Ferriss|It’s lonely at the top. Ninety-nine percent of people in the world are convinced they are incapable of achieving great things, so they aim for mediocre. The level of competition is thus fiercest for “realistic” goals, paradoxically making them the most time-consuming. It’s easier to raise $1,000,000 than it is $100,000. It is easier to pick up the one perfect 10 in the bar than the five 8s.
Rahul Bijlaney|I: GOD, I seem to have an undefined connection with nature. At times, it’s more than what I see and at other times more than what I hear. What am I missing Dear GOD?GOD:Son, seek inspiration from nature. Seek answers from nature. For nature represents me in all my glory.Allow the rainbow to paint you with hope and joy.Allow the roar of the waves to light up your passion.Allow the flowers to make your soul fragrant.Allow the mountains to teach to be lofty.Allow the valleys to teach you to be humble.Allow the sunset to instill hope for another beginning tomorrow.Allow the sunrise to whisper to you "today is your day"Allow the forests to teach you to give shade to others since the joy is in giving and not receiving.Allow the rains to reach and touch each cell in your body as my communique I speak in many forms. Son, it’s how you decode them.
Tom Baker|I remember straightening my hair because I wanted to be like everybody else, and now the fact that anybody would emulate what I do? It's just funny.
Allie Burke, Violet Midnight|She ignored his feverish, sweaty skin, his violent trembles, and she kissed him. As he passionately held her against him, the whole world disappeared. It was just him. It had always been him.
Esmerelda Jane Forstine|Beware the knowledge thou seek, for knowledge though oft light, can sow the seeds of night and reap from the darkness that ensues"- 1654
Joseph Laycock, Dangerous Games: What the Moral Panic Over Role-Playing Games Says about Play, Religion, and Imagined Worlds|I don't count my blessings,because just being alive is good enough for me.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|If any one faculty of our nature may be called more wonderful than the rest, I do think it is memory. There seems something more speakingly incomprehensible in the powers, the failures, the inequalities of memory, than in any other of our intelligences. The memory is sometimes so retentive, so serviceable, so obedient - at others, so bewildered and so weak - and at others again, so tyrannic, so beyond control! - We are to be sure a miracle every way - but our powers of recollecting and of forgetting, do seem peculiarly past finding out.
Tony Shalhoub|Mysteriously and in ways that are totally remote from natural experience, the gray drizzle of horror induced by depression takes on the quality of physical pain.
Jane Grey|When the principles that run against your deepest convictions begin to win the day, then the battle is your calling, and peace has become sin. You must at the price of dearest peace lay your convictions bare before friend and enemy with all the fire of your faith.
Ayn Rand, The Night of January 16th|Your life, your achievement, your happiness, your person are of paramount importance. Live up to your highest vision of yourself no matter what the circumstances you might encounter. An exalted view of self-esteem is a man's most admirable quality.
Gore Vidal|Exercise your brain and body, keep engaged with work and friends, and feed your brain with a healthy, plant-based diet - as well as knowledge.
Lisa Shearin, The Trouble with Demons|I'd heard that if you saw a Reaper, you saw what you expected to see, what you thought the agents of Death would look like. Personally, I wanted to see little, fuzzy pink bunnies, but apparently my subconscious visualized tall, scary, and skeletal. My subconscious and I needed to have a long talk.
James Caan|My dad always taught me to never be satisfied, to want more and know that what is done is done.
Craig Groeschel, Dare to Drop the Pose: Ten Things Christians Think but Are Afraid to Say|I have diligently disciplined my life to search out life’s gifts in the very places where society mistakenly says life stores its scraps. And I am constantly amazed that in the treasure trove that surrounds me, I stand in the company of so few.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|And in the night you realize, when you wake out of a dream, overcome and captivated by the enchantment of visions that crowd in on each other, just how fragile a handhold, how tenuous a boundary separates us from darkness - we are little flames, inadequately sheltered by thin walls from the tempest of dissolution and insensibility in which we flicker and are often all but extinguished. Then the muted sounds of battle surrounds us, and we creep into ourselves and stare wide-eyed into the night.
Dawn Crandall, The Captive Imposter|You just have too little faith, Estella...in yourself and in God. Don't assume that because He didn't give you one thing you wanted, He isn't ready to give you something else you might want more. He knows our desires better than we do, after all.
Tinashe|I'm a Christian, and I believe that God has a plan and a purpose for each one of our lives and that He can intercede in all kinds of situations, and we need to have a little faith in many things.
Lloyd Alexander, The Book of Three|Neil said to me once that in times of desperation, you have to force yourself to make a decision.It's your choice, he said. Us or them. So choose.
Erik Pevernagie|When scorching passion only leaves ashes of unfulfilled dreams, hope may entice the sprinkling magic of our imagination into livening up the footlights on a new stage of life. ("Taken for a ride")
Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol|The more man learned, the more he realized he did not know.
China Miéville, Kraken|I know, I know," Moore said. "Mad beliefs like that, eh? Must be some metaphor, right? Must mean something else?" Shook his head. "What an awfully arrogant thing. What if faiths are exactly what they are? And mean exactly what they say?" "Stop trying to make sense of it and just listen," Dane said."And what," Moore said, "if a large part of the reason they're so tenacious is that they're perfectly accurate?
Mary Balogh, At Last Comes Love|But there were certain moments in life that forever defined one as a person - in one's own estimation, anyway. And one's own self esteem, when all was said and done, was of far more importance than the fickle esteem of one's peers.
N.T. Wright, After You Believe: Why Christian Character Matters|Mis-information is rampant in this great age of mass-information. While we have more access to learning than ever before in the history of the world, we’re actually getting dumber it seems. The amount of (mis)information at everyone's fingertips has lured us into a false sense of knowing. Whether it be information about science, politics, or theology, our society is suffering from an inability to research, process, filter, and apply. At the same time we seem entirely oblivious to the zeitgeist (spirit of the age) that is nihilistic and libertine, making everything relative and subjective. And Satan himself rushes to blur our vision, stirring up the dust of confusion. The church must respond by teaching the critical faculties of logic and spiritual discernment, embedded in a cohesive framework of fides quaerens intellectum (faith seeking understanding). We must obtain a reasonable faith that is consistent with historic Christianity and relevant for our post-modern age. Otherwise, those rejecting the blatant errors of religious fundamentalism will be susceptible to every wind of false doctrine and repackaged heresy imaginable. They will leave the orthodox faith and accept something that vaguely resembles Christianity, but in reality is a vile concoction of demonic lies.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In our spiritual pilgrimage we see sins which mar our relationship with God, but beneath it is a commitment which seeks to move beyond to a higher life, based on wholehearted surrender to God.
George Takei|Among peoples of such mixed natures, such diverse histories and philosophies, and different ways of life, most administrative problems are problems of a choice of whims, of changing and conflicting goals; not how to do what the people want done, but what they want done, and whether their next generation will want it enough to make work on it, now, worthwhile.''They sound insane,' Trobt said. 'Are your administrators supposed to serve the flickering goals of demented minds?''We must weigh values. What is considered good may be a matter of viewpoint, and may change from place to place, from generation to generation. In determining what people feel and what their unvoiced wants are, a talent of strategy, and an impatience with the illogic of others, are not qualifications.
Fleur East|If you take a band like Nirvana, their biggest hits are structurally the same as even a hair metal band's biggest hits. The structure's not different - the attitude was different. Except it really wasn't. It seemed a little more human.
Shelly Thacker, His Forbidden Touch|And then she fell into his arms. It was what he’d dreamed of on sleepless nights, holding her, feeling the press of her breasts to his chest, the flare of her hips in his hands. He forgot all about where they were, why they were alone together. He forgot the risk of his dishonor and her ruin. There was still a corrupt beast inside him, waiting for this chance. All that mattered was that they were alone, and she was with him, and he wished he never had to let her go.
Kevin Spacey|If you don't like Beyonce, then it's hard for me to trust you. It's like not liking world peace.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|I think I'd rather be liked than loved. It just seems as if more criticism and chastening is shown to those we love, while kind manners and compassion are reserved for those we simply like. So, I hope you like me.
James K.A. Smith, Who's Afraid of Postmodernism?: Taking Derrida, Lyotard, and Foucault to Church|... the earthly city glories in itself, the Heavenly City glories in the Lord.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|She was like a drowning person, flailing, reaching for anything that might save her. Her life was an urgent, desperate struggle to justify her life.
Laurent Brancowitz|The attitude of the people proves that not only do we want to, but that we can succeed in pulling our country out of the difficult position it finds itself in. The banking system of our country will survive and grow.
Deyth Banger|Noah,” she whispers in reprimand.“You’ve never complained when I’ve tried to undress you before.”Echo readjusts so she can see me, and for the first time since this morning, those eyes dance. “Yes, I have.”“When?”“The last day of school.”“So you’ve complained once.” When I led her to the nook of the abandoned hallway in the basement near my locker. I only meant to sneak in for a kiss during lunch, but things got hot and heavy and well...sue me. “I didn’t buy a yearbook, so I was memory-making.
Daniel Boone|It's great to reminisce about good memories of my past. It was enjoyable when it was today. So learning to enjoy today has two benefits: it gives me happiness right now, and it becomes a good memory later.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In times of adversity, our only anchor is hope.
Brian Tracy|The ability to discipline yourself to delay gratification in the short term in order to enjoy greater rewards in the long term, is the indispensable prerequisite for success.
Philip K. Dick, VALIS|It has been said of dreams that they are a 'controlled psychosis,' or, put another way, a psychosis is a dream breaking through during waking hours.
Julien Smith, The Flinch|In much of the rest of the world, rich people live in gated communities and drink bottled water. That's increasingly the case in Los Angeles where I come from. So that wealthy people in much of the world are insulated from the consequences of their act
Kevin Sampson, Powder|Things were good. He had things to look forward to. That, for now, was to be his definition of living - to always have a thing to look forward to.
Tom Petty|At twenty a man is full of fight and hope. He wants to reform the world. When he is seventy he still wants to reform the world, but he knows he can't.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|The death of this honorable man upon this battlefield leaves all of us the poorer for his loss, yet so much the richer for the friendship and love and loyalty with which he gifted us in life. May his spirit speed unhindered to the other side to join those already there and to await us until we join him in our own times.
Israelmore Ayivor|One day, she’d find a way to live her life to the fullest. She was sure of it. She just had no idea how she would manage it.
Alin Sav|The Gospel is the good news, not the grouse news. Preaching is not beating, it´s informing in a christlike way.
David W. Earle|Anyhow, even though I might go out on a date with a boy, emotionally I just wouldn't be able to concentrate. I'd be smiling and chatting away, and my mind would be floating around somewhere else, like a balloon with a broken string. I'd be thinking about one unrelated thing after another. I don't know, I guess finally I want to be alone a little while longer. And I want to let my thoughts wander freely. In that sense, I guess, I'm probably still "on the road to recovery.
Wes Adamson|Boundaries are, in simple terms, the recognition of personal space.
Joel Osteen|I just try to stay positive and focused on the tennis, not let anything get to me, like crazy questions. But I'm tough, let me tell you, tough as nails.
Ella Cheever Thayer, Wired Love: A Romance of Dots and Dashes|A phone call should be a convenience to the caller, not an inconvenience to the called.
Thaddeus Golas, The Lazy Man's Guide to Enlightenment|Fanaticism is the opposite of love. A wise man once told me - he's a Muslim, by the way - that he has more in common with a rational, reasonable-minded Jew than he does with a fanatic from his own religion. He has more in common with a rational, reasonable-minded Christian or Buddhist or Hindu than he does with a fanatic of his own religion. In fact, he has more in common with a rational, reasonable-minded atheist than he does with a fanatic of his own religion.
Elisabeth Elliot, Discipline: The Glad Surrender|If we as Christians do not speak out as authoritarian governments grow from within or come from outside, eventually we or our children will be the enemy of society and the state. No truly authoritarian government can tolerate those who have real absolute by which to judge its arbitrary absolutes and who speak out and act upon that absolute.
Shepherd Hoodwin, Journey of Your Soul: A Channel Explores the Michael Teachings|An infinite soul incarnates in order to catalyze massive spiritual change in a civilization, generally during a shift from one average soul age to another. An incarnation of a transcendental soul usually precedes it in order to catalyze massive social change.
Daphne Kalotay, Russian Winter|No, solitude did not trouble her. She could spend long minutes gazing out the window, hours listening to the BBC on the public radio station. She relished the very texture of her privacy, its depth of space and freedom, much of an entire day hers alone.
Maxwell Maltz, Psycho-Cybernetics, Updated and Expanded|I have found that one of the commonest causes of unhappiness among my patients is that they are attempting to live their lives on the deferred payment plan. They do not live, or enjoy life now, but wait for some future event or occurrence. They will be happy when they get married, when they get a better job, when they get the house paid for, when they get the children through college, when they have completed some task or won some victory. Invariably, they are disappointed.
Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose|Staring into the mirror, I was surprised to see a haunted look in my brown eyes. There was pain there, pain and loss that even the nicest dress and makeup couldn't hide.
Solange nicole|Life should be full of- Compassion, Peace, Companionship, Honor, Love, Honesty, Joy, Rapture, Euphoria, Friendship, Family, Spiritual Enrichment, Enlightenment, Trust, Truth, Loyalty, Passion, Cultural Enrichment, Unity, Serenity, Zen, Wonder, Respect, Beauty of All Kinds, Balance of all Creation, Philosophy, Adventure, Art, Happiness, Bliss, Serendipity, Kismet, Fantasy, Positivity, Yin, Yang, Color, Variety, Excitement, Sharing, Fun, Sound, Paradise, Magick, Tenderness, Strength, Devotion, Courage, Conviction, Responsibility, Wisdom, Justice, Satisfaction, Fulfillment, Purpose, Mystery, Healing, Learning, Virtue, History, Creativity, Imagination, Receptiveness and Faith. For through these things you are One with your Creator.
Émile Durkheim, On Suicide: A Study in Sociology|One does not advance when one walks toward no goal, or - which is the same thing - when his goal is infinity.
Betsey Johnson|Well, I never studied design and I went to art school to study art, you know, sculpture and things like that, and ended up making things like sculpture and started making chairs and jewelry together and that's how I started.
Natalya Vorobyova|I have not encouraged talk about man’s holy privacy, although I do respect and defend man’s right to have it.
Albert Camus|Why are we asked to make the most important decisions of our lives when we are so young, and so prone to mistakes?
Madeline  Martin, Highland Spy|He hated having to look for a new girl, a new spy to add to his band of fallen women. Yes, it was an opportunity to spare her before her ruin could be known, but a deep part of him hurt for the women in his employ and what they’d all endured.
William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice|What is your itinerary?""To meet my maker.""Ah. Well. You're in luck. And what do you want to say to your maker?""A most mechanical and dirty hand [laughs]. I shall have such revenges on you...both. The things I will do, what they are, yet I know not. But they will be the terrors of the earth. You don't know where you are, do you? You're in a prison of your own sins.
Charles Bukowski|Sometimes you climb out of bed in the morning and you think, I'm not going to make it, but you laugh inside — remembering all the times you've felt that way.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|His fingers lightly grazed my cheek. "I didn't know you before. When you're not there, I can't concentrate. I'm wondering where you are, what you're doing...if you're there and I can see you, I can see you, I can focus. I know it's crazy, but that's how it is." "And crazy is exactly the way I like it," I said, leaning up to kiss his lips."Obviously," America muttered under breath.
Rebecca McNutt|Nobody has ever taken a photograph of something they want to forget. We can build a wall of happy Kodak moments around ourselves, a wall of our Christmases, birthdays, baby showers and weddings, but we can never forget that celluloid film is see-through, that behind it, all the misery of real life waits for our wall to collapse someday.
Stephen Chbosky|She even told me how to treat a girl on a date, which was very interesting. She said that with a girl like Mary Elizabeth, you shouldn't tell her she looks pretty. You should tell her how nice her outfit is because her outfit is her choice whereas her face isn't. She also said that with some girls, you should do things like open car doors and buy flowers, but with Mary Elizabeth (especially since it's the Sadie Hawkins' dance), I shouldn't do that. So, I asked her what I should do, and she said that I should ask a lot of questions and not mind when Mary Elizabeth doesn't stop talking. I said that it didn't sound very democratic, but Sam said she does it all the time with boys.
Richard Yates, Revolutionary Road|So it hadn’t been wrong or dishonest of her to say no this morning, when he asked if she hated him, any more than it had been wrong or dishonest to serve him the elaborate breakfast and to show the elaborate interest in his work, and to kiss him goodbye. The kiss, for that matter, had been exactly right—a perfectly fair, friendly kiss, a kiss for a boy you’d just met at a party, a boy who’d danced with you and made you laugh and walked you home afterwards, talking about himself all the way.The only real mistake, the only wrong and dishonest thing, was ever to have seen him as anything more than that. Oh, for a month or two, just for fun, it might be all right to play a game like that with a boy; but all these years! And all because, in a sentimentally lonely time long ago, she had found it easy and agreeable to believe whatever this one particular boy felt like saying, and to repay him for that pleasure by telling easy, agreeable lies of her own, until each was saying what the other most wanted to hear—until he was saying “I love you” and she was saying “Really, I mean it; you’re the most interesting person I’ve ever met.” What a subtle, treacherous thing it was to let yourself go that way! Because once you’d started it was terribly difficult to stop; soon you were saying “I’m sorry, of course you’re right,” and “Whatever you think is best,” and “You’re the most wonderful and valuable thing in the world,” and the next thing you knew all honesty, all truth, was as far away and glimmering, as hopelessly unattainable as the world of the golden people. Then you discovered you were working at life the way the Laurel Players worked at The Petrified Forest, or the way Steve Kovick worked at his drums—earnest and sloppy and full of pretension and all wrong; you found you were saying yes when you meant no, and “We’ve got to be together on this thing” when you meant the very opposite; then you were breathing gasoline as if it were flowers and abandoning yourself to a delirium of love under the weight of a clumsy, grunting, red-faced man you didn’t even like—Shep Campbell!—and then you were face to face, in total darkness, with the knowledge that you didn’t know who you were. (p.416-7)
Laura McVeigh, Under the Almond Tree|This was something they could not take from us - the freedom to imagine, to create new worlds beyond this one.
Miroslav Volf, A Public Faith: How Followers of Christ Should Serve the Common Good|Sin aims always at the utmost; every time it rises up to tempt or entice, might it have its own course, it would go out to the utmost sin in that kind. Every unclean thought or glance would be adultery if it could; every covetous desire would be oppression, every thought of unbelief would be atheism, might it grow to its head. Men may come to that, that sin may not be heard speaking a scandalous word in their hearts - that is, provoking to any great sin with scandal in its mouth; but yet every rise of lust, might it have its course, would come to the height of villainy: it is like the grave that is never satisfied.
James A. Owen, The Indigo King|As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round. 
Stephen Batchelor, Confession of a Buddhist Atheist|To embrace suffering culminates in greater empathy, the capacity to feel what it is like for the other to suffer, which is the ground for unsentimental compassion and love. (157)
Diane Von Furstenberg|The most important relationship in your life is the relationship you have with yourself. Because no matter what happens, you will always be with yourself.
William Donaldson|I think records were just a little bubble through time and those who made a living from them for a while were lucky. There is no reason why anyone should have made so much money from selling records except that everything was right for this period of time. I always knew it would run out sooner or later. It couldn't last, and now it's running out. I don't particularly care that it is and like the way things are going. The record age was just a blip. It was a bit like if you had a source of whale blubber in the 1840s and it could be used as fuel. Before gas came along, if you traded in whale blubber, you were the richest man on Earth. Then gas came along and you'd be stuck with your whale blubber. Sorry mate – history's moving along. Recorded music equals whale blubber. Eventually, something else will replace it.
Debasish Mridha|True love comes from the heart, it is very simple and nonjudgmental.
Mick Foley|A big book is like a serious relationship; it requires a commitment. Not only that, but there's no guarantee that you will enjoy it, or that it will have a happy ending. Kind of like going out with a girl, having to spend time every day with her - with absolutely no guarantee of nailing her in the end. No thanks.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|It was spring, not winter or autumn, Paul thought with some lingering confusion. He listened to the layered murmur of wind against leaves, familiarly and gently disorienting as a terrestrial sound track, reminding people of their own lives, then opened his MacBook—sideways, like a hardcover book—and looked at the internet, lying on his side, with his right ear pressed into his pillow, as if, unable to return to sleep, at least in position to hear what, in his absence, might be happening there.
Amy Irving|Music's been around a long time, and there's going to be music long after Ray Charles is dead. I just want to make my mark, leave something musically good behind. If it's a big record, that's the frosting on the cake, but music's the main meal.
Kimberly K. Jones, Sand Dollar Summer|Fear owns me because I let it. Because I obsess over it, name it, raise it, and nurture it to become perfect. It is one of the few things in my life that I can control.
Bruce Lee, Striking Thoughts: Bruce Lee's Wisdom for Daily Living|Don't fear failure. — Not failure, but low aim, is the crime. In great attempts it is glorious even to fail.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|For the United States to be a global leader, we have to have a very tight relationship with Europe. And we've held that relationship since 1949 when we established the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, NATO. NATO is the bond. It's a security bond.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life|The heart is the door to our inner woman. The heart is the door to our inner world. The power chakra relates to the inner man. The power chakra relates to the outer world. Irrespective of if we are a man or a woman, the inner woman is the center of our consciousness.
Charles Sheehan-Miles, The Last Hour|We lust after the material things in life, then in a blink of an eye; the life which was once given is taken; is there a point in stressing over the small stuff.
Sarah Grimm, Wrecked|You really are a ray of sunshine, aren’t you?
Guillaume Apollinaire, Selected Writings|Without poets, without artists... everything would fall apart into chaos. There would be no more seasons, no more civilizations, no more thought, no more humanity, no more life even; and impotent darkness would reign forever. Poets and artists together determine the features of their age, and the future meekly conforms to their edit.
Stefan Golaszewski|Outside, the sleet had gotten thicker. You could hear it pebbling against the large glass windows, you could see it swirling wildly through the spotlights of street lamps. It was the kind of night when you might expect to see a skeleton flying through the air, its ragged black shroud flapping in the wind.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|Well, you can think what you want, so long as you remember - no matter how ordinary things seem between us - I'm still here, still in love with you, and care about you more than any other guy, evil or otherwise, ever will.
M. James Airey|No if's, but's or maybe's. It's all or nothing. You're either going to soar to new heights or crash and burn. Why live by any other philosophy.
Andrea Dworkin|Too often the great decisions are originated and given form in bodies made up wholly of men, or so completely dominated by them that whatever of special value women have to offer is shunted aside without expression.
Lisa Carlisle, Knights of Stone: Bryce|No longer was she living moment to moment in a hyper-vigilant state, she was reminded of more primal needs. She was a female in the arms of a very potent male.
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|On the other hand, inspiration - a criterion for canonization we might expect to play a great role - is not a factor. The Shepherd of Hermas and many writings either claimed inspiration or had it claimed for them, yet were neither universally nor ultimately accepted as canonical. In contrast, no NT writing claims inspiration for itself. The statement in 2 Tim. 3:16 that all Scripture is inspired by God (theopneustos) refers to Torah. Second Peter 3:16 refers to Paul's letters as though they were Scripture but does not say they were 'inspired.' In Revelation, 'inspiration' is certainly implied but not explicitly claimed. No doubt there was an increasingly widespread conviction that the NT writings were divinely inspired, but that notion did not appear to factor in as a criterion for canonization.
Annie Dillard|I love a card. You know, cards? At birthdays? I collect them.
James Henry Breasted|Agency by agency, we frequently have lost a bit of ground, at least to inflation-but had it not been for the efforts we've made to educate people about the importance of science, technology and advanced education, those predictions very well might have come true.
Jessica Capshaw|There is something inexpressibly sad in the thought of the children who crossed the ocean with the Pilgrims and the fathers of Jamestown, New Amsterdam, and Boston, and the infancy of those born in the first years of colonial life in this strange new world.
John Wood, Creating Room to Read|If that's what you want to do, then you should go do it-and do it well.
Mingmei Yip, Peach Blossom Pavilion|Defence lawyers use the term "duress" to describe the use of force, coercion or psychological pressure exerted on a client in the commission of a crime. When duress is applied to the emotionally unstable the result can be as violent as it is unpredictable.
Marion Nestle|Unlike the primate hand, the elephant's grasping organ is also its nose. Elephants use their trunks not only to reach food but also to sniff and touch it. With their unparalleled sense of smell, the animals know exactly what they are going for. Vision is secondary.
Mother Teresa|In the developed countries there is a poverty of intimacy, a poverty of spirit, of loneliness, of lack of love. There is no greater sickness in the world today than that one.
Arthur Conan Doyle, Sherlock Holmes: The Complete Novels and Stories, Volume I|It is a question of cubic capacity," said he; "a man with so large a brain must have something in it.
George H. Hepworth, Brown Studies, or Camp Fires and Morals|From the very beginning Ihad felt a definite contact with Yeamon, a kind of tenuous understanding that talk is cheap in this league and that a man who knew what he was after had damn little time to find it, much less to sit back and explain himself.
Samuel Beckett, Waiting for Godot|They give birth astride of a grave, the light gleams an instant, then it's night once more.
Holly Bennett, Shapeshifter|...they say [Finn] has tasted the Nuts of Wisdom." Elatha laughed. "Perhaps the Nuts of Wisdom will gird him against your sister.
Gugu Mona|What I like most about children is that they are great advisors, yet they don't know it. And what I love about them is that they are vision bearers yet may not realize it.
Fran Tarkenton|Kind of the sad thing is that - it's still true - a lot of jazz people just listen to jazz, and a lot of hip-hop people just listen to hip-hop, and there's not a lot of crossover, unfortunately.
Brenda Lochinger|Sometimes I’m irrational, I know I am, but even irrational thought feels very, very real when you’re in the middle of shit.
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|It encapsulates so neatly the lesson of expectation and reality that it could serve as a parable. The fact that tomatoes are good is beside the point. If you think you're getting an apple, a tomato will revolt you. That New York should be nicknamed the Big Apple, that an apple is the fruit of humankind's first error and the expulsion from paradise, that America and paradise have been linked and confused ever since Europeans first hit its shores, makes the story reverberate as myth.
Os Guinness, The Call: Finding and Fulfilling the Central Purpose of Your Life|All [tv] shows are like cigarettes. You watch two, you have a higher chance of watching three. They're all addictive.
Dawn Dais, The Nonrunner's Marathon Guide for Women: Get Off Your Butt and On with Your Training|At paces that might stun and dismay the religious jogger, the runners easily kept up all manner of chatter and horseplay. When they occasionally blew by a huffing fatty or an aging road runner, they automatically toned down the banter to avoid overwhelming, to preclude the appearance of show boating (not that they slowed in the slightest). They in fact respected these distant cousins of the spirit, who, among all people, had some modicum of insight into their own days and ways. But the runners resembled them only in the sense that a puma resembles a pussy cat. It is the difference between stretching lazily on the carpet and prowling the jungle for fresh red meat.
Molly Bryant, Wandering Souls|I live my life until I start the cycle of my dreams,then I leave and search for you until I die.When I come back,I live to remember,I live to find you
Sebastyne Young|If (or rather when) you move to death, you’ll learn its language through the educational process known as total immersion. (7)
Silvia Hartmann|My mind mends my motives and my notion navigates my natives,for we all are made of soil-our corrupted soil.
John Kenneth Galbraith, The Affluent Society|But things have been so admirably arranged by the Divine inventor of social order that in this, as in everything else, political economy and morality, far from clashing, agree; and the wisdom of Aristus is not only more dignified, but still more profitable, than the folly of Mondor. And when I say profitable, I do not mean only profitable to Aristus, or even to society in general, but more profitable to the workmen themselves—to the trade of the time.
Gilda Radner, It's Always Something|Suddenly I began to wonder how to please so many people. do I take the magnesium citrate? What about the coffee enema? Do I do both? Do I do the abdominal message or the colonic? Do I tell the doctors about each other? East meets West in Gilda's body: Western medicine down my throat, Eastern medicine up my butt.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Without clarity and motivation, your vision will remain a wish in dream-land… It takes an action-centred and results-driven work ethic to execute your duties and responsibilities, to make your success more deliberate.
Joshua Harris, I Kissed Dating Goodbye|You are Mr. Owl. I am Ms. Hummingbird. We may be came from different species but as long as you're a bird, I'm a bird too.
Rabindranath Tagore, The Home and the World|Life is indefinite--a bundle of contradictions. We men, with our ideas, strive to give it a particular shape by melting it into a particular mould--into the definiteness of success.
Juliette Cross, Soulfire|Just...if you notice I'm talking too much or someone seems particularly interested in what I'm asking about, let me know. That's all. Just...have my back."'"Have...back?""Have my back. Simply make sure that I don't put me foot in it.""Foot?"He rolled his eyes. "Gods, you're literal. I mean make sure I don't talk us into a bad situation.""Oh. Step on dick."His eyes widened. "Pardon?""When men do stupid thing...we say they step on dick.""That would imply an impressively sized dick.
Sammi Carter, Chocolate Dipped Death|I launched into my speech, it took me a few seconds to realize that the only one listening was max (the dog) but at least he had the good manners to stop chewing the toilet brush and pay attention.
Larissa Ione, Eternal Rider|Okay, boys.” Pestilence's grating voice rang out. “Kill the human and the mutt, and let's get this Apocalypse started!
Watchman Nee, The Normal Christian Life|God will not give me humility, or patience, or holiness, or love as separate investments of His grace. He has given only one gift to meet our need, His Son Christ Jesus.
Allen Iverson|I like bad boys, and I like to take them home to my mom.
Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City|Any man who has ever led an army, an expedition, or a group of Boy Scouts has sadism in his bones.
Daniel Willey|A person who doesn’t understand both sides of an issue can’t relate to the side he is trying to sway, so his words will bounce off of them without leaving any impression.
Vincent Van Gogh|Awards are great, as you get to meet up with friends and colleagues from your industry - a sort of reunion.
Ronald Graham|Notwithstanding the fact that the most innovative and progressive space we've seen - the Internet - has been the place where intellectual property has been least respected. You know, facts don't get in the way of this ideology.
Eddie Murphy|In the 1950s, we had all these B-grade science-fiction movies. The point was to scare the public and get them to buy popcorn. No attempt was made to create movies that were somewhat inherent to the truth.
Marshall McLuhan|Whole columns are devoted to parliamentary debates and to political intrigues; while the vast everyday life of a nation appears only in the columns given to economic subjects, or in the pages devoted to reports of police and law cases. And when you read the newspapers, your hardly think of the incalculable number of beings—all humanity, so to say—who grow up and die, who know sorrow, who work and consume, think and create outside the few encumbering personages who have been so magnified that humanity is hidden by their shadows, enlarged by our ignorance.
Amy Zhang|Out of the seven billion people sharing the planet with her, not one of them knew what was going through her head. Not one of them knew she was lost. Not one of them asked.
Mohsin Ali Shaukat|Believe it or not, our soul has visited the stage of the world before it comes along with our physical form or body to perform reality, this is the only reality which is bigger than a miracle itself, all miracles are the tine part of this bigger one, the beautiful part of this stage is, you can chose any role to play at any time, and the thoughtful process is why to chose the role of a mediocre or an average identity, go for higher and bigger role through bigger IMAGINATION, ROLE Models by aligning your actions with a clean and clear Self Image. Our soul has many realities and it will remind and show you the paths by giving so many hints sometimes in different aspects what we call it deja vu. that you have been here before, don't panic enjoy the journey .......
Deyth Banger|Oh, oh, oh I can't do that and that... Okay I will do that,... I gonna read this book, I will check out this film and in the end few of them have read the book or the books and the film or the films.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|You can build walls all the way to the sky and I will find a way to fly above them. You can try to pin me down with a hundred thousand arms, but I will find a way to resist. And there are many of us out there, more than you think. People who refuse to stop believing. People who refuse to come to earth. People who love in a world without walls, people who love into hate, into refusal, against hope, and without fear.I love you. Remember. They cannot take it.
John Flanagan, The Ruins of Gorlan|Lizzy, Will thought. Lizzy P. 'You n me gonna be buddies, darlin'. He stretched one hand to Elly's hair, and circled Donald Wade's rump with his free arm and touched Thomas's leg, on the far side of Elly. And he smiled at Lizzy P. and thought, Heaven's got nothin' on being the husband of Eleanor Dinsmore.
Kathy Hepinstall|Instead he felt only love. And that was the miracle. The surge in hatred since the war began had created more love around it. It was indomitable, mad, and everlasting, scattered through the rich and the poor, deep and calm in the Quakers, hot and fierce in the mothers, faithful in the warriors, wistful in the pets, seeping its way into mercy and atrocity, destroying things, rebuilding them.
George Sheehan|How can I be myself, when others expect me to be someone else?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|No man is a complete ruler or dictator. He is only the mouthpiece for the wishes of his followers. As long as he expresses those wishes, he leads them.
Paul Kalanithi, When Breath Becomes Air|A word meant something only between people, and life’s meaning, its virtue, had something to do with the depth of the relationships we form.
Peter Ames Carlin, Bruce|Bruce has wrestled with his moods, and a psyche genetically prone to extremes, for most of his adult life. Decades of psychotherapy helped reveal and cast light on some of his most primal traumas and conflicts, but his raw moods, and occasional descents into full-blown depression, never quite went away. "You go through periods of being good, then something stimulates it," he says. "The clock, some memory. You never know. The mind wants to link all your feelings to a cause. I'm feeling that because I'm doing this, or because that happened."Eventually Bruce realized that his worst moods had nothing to do with what was actually taking place in his life. Awful, stressful things could happen - conflicts, stress, disappointments, death - and he'd be unflappable. Then things would be peaceful and easy and he'd find himself on his knees. "You're going along fine, and then boom, it hits you. Things that just come from way down in the well. Completely noncasual, but it's part of your DNA, part of the way your body cycles."Bruce knows his particular brain chemistry will never leave him completely in the clear. "You manage it, you learn and evolve, but another recognition you gotta have is that these are the cards you were dealt," he says. "These things are never going to be out of your life. You gotta be constantly vigilant and realistic about these things.
Jennifer Priester|Yeah, well, what are you going to teach me next...how to take over the world?” I asked sarcastically.“Good idea!” Sampson exclaimed a little too enthusiastically.“No, bad idea!” I stressed.“See? You are learning,” Sampson said.
E.A. Bucchianeri|Isabelle snorted. "All the boys are gay. In this truck, anyway. Well, not you , Simon.""You noticed." said Simon."I think of myself as a freewheeling bisexual," added Magnus."Please never say those words in front of my parents," said Alec. "Especially my father.
Immanuel Kant, Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals|What is more, we cannot do morality a worse service than by seeing to derive it from examples. Every example of it presented to me must first itself be judged by moral principles in order to decide if it is fit to serve as an original example...even the Holy One of the gospel must first be compared with our ideal of moral perfection before we can recognize him to be such.
J. P. Vinluca, Aiko and the Dragon|Foolish men always believe that a little knowledge will give them control over the world, but it is no more than a display of their vanity.
Davis Miller, Approaching Ali: A Reclamation in Three Acts|Good taste, the last and vilest of human superstitions, has succeeded in silencing us where all the rest has failed.
R. Lee Smith, Land of the Beautiful Dead|The uncertainty wore on him. The conditions in jail--the handcuffs, the noise, the filth, the crowding--mangled his senses. It's likely that, if one must be incarcerated in the United States, a jail in central Maine would be among the more tolerable spots, but to Knight it was torture. "Bedlam" is how he referred to the place. It never got dark in jail; at eleven p.m., the lights merely became a little duller. "I suspect," he noted, "more damage has been done to my sanity in jail, in months; than years, decades, in the woods.
Ellie Lieberman, Society's Foundlings|This was never what I wanted for us, but things change. Plans change. People change. I've faced the reality of my destiny and now I need to embrace that.
Michael Ende|Nothing can change for them, because they themselves can't change anymore.
William S. Burroughs, The Cat Inside|We are the cats inside. We are the cats who cannot walk alone, and for us there is only one place.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Il bel far niente means 'the beauty of doing nothing'... [it] has always been a cherished Italian ideal. The beauty of doing nothing is the goal of all your work, the final accomplishment for which you are most highly congratulated. The more exquisitely and delightfully you can do nothing, the higher your life's achievement. You don't necessarily need to be rich in order to experience this, either.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|This explains why, whenever a person says sie to me, I generally try to kill him, if a stranger.
Nathan Myhrvold|Humans are a story telling species. Throughout history we have told stories to each other and ourselves as one of the ways to understand the world around us. Every culture has its creation myth for how the universe came to be, but the stories do not stop at the big picture view; other stories discuss every aspect of the world around us. We humans are chatterboxes and we just can't resist telling a story about just about everything.However compelling and entertaining these stories may be, they fall short of being explanations because in the end all they are is stories. For every story you can tell a different variation, or a different ending, without giving reason to choose between them. If you are skeptical or try to test the veracity of these stories you'll typically find most such stories wanting. One approach to this is forbid skeptical inquiry, branding it as heresy. This meme is so compelling that it was independently developed by cultures around the globes; it is the origin of religion—a set of stories about the world that must be accepted on faith, and never questioned.
James Jannard|In the 'Dreamblood' books, I'm focusing more on what I like about epic fantasy: the layering and depth of tension; the chance to really delve into the minutia of an alternate society and its politics; a large cast of characters to love and hate.
Jonathan Feldman|You see, gentlemen, they have something to die for. They've discovered they're a people. They're awakening.
Gordon D. Fee, How to Read the Bible for All Its Worth|Because the Bible is God’s Word, it has eternal relevance; it speaks to all humankind, in every age and in every culture.
Theresa  Smith, Somebody I Used to Know|It is not giving up, it is accepting. And the light will enter. Always does.
Thor Heyerdahl|God's grace is amazing! We're saved by grace - God's undeserved favor - and we live by grace, which is also God's power in our lives to do what we could never do in our own strength. And it's all because God is love, and He loves us unconditionally, constantly and completely.
Lin-Manuel Miranda|Growing up, I was a little hippie kid. I went to some good concerts... Amnesty International with Bob Dylan and Tracy Chapman... The best concert I ever went to was this one at the Cow Palace my freshman year in college on New Year's Eve. It was Pearl Jam opening for Nirvana opening for Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|Any earthly production would have been cancelled at the slightest suggestion of rain, but this was William’s Stage—it was William’s call—and if the children danced and the congregation remained transfixed, the show would go on.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|The cost of oblivious daydreaming was always this moment of return, the realignment with what had been before and now seemed a little worse. 
Steven Magee|At the W.M. Keck Observatory on the very high altitude summit of Mauna Kea, there was no routine monitoring of mental functioning, blood oxygen levels, blood pressure or heart rate of workers.
Richard Connery, What The Hell Is Wrong With Me?|Despise no new accident in your body, but ask opinion of it… There is a wisdom in this beyond the rules of physic. A man’s observation, what he finds good and of what he finds hurt of, is the best physic to preserve health.
The Invisible Committee, Coming Insurrection, The|The past has given us much too many bad answers for us not to see that the mistakes were in the questions themselves. There is no need to choose between the fetishism of spontaneity and the organization control; between the "come one, come all" of activist networks and the discipline of hierarchy; between acting desperately now and waiting desperately for later; between bracketing that which is to be lived and experimented in the name of paradise that seems more and more like a hell the longer it is put off and flogging the dead horse of how planting carrots is enough to leave this nightmare.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The price for standing up for Truth, no matter how severe, will always be less than the price our souls will be penalized for not speaking up for our conscience. There is no greater crime in the universe than silencing your conscience.
Dalai Lama XIV|Not only is Donald Trump the most despised candidate ever, but many of the people who have made the most scathingly censorious criticisms of him are members of his own party. This is absolutely unprecedented in our history, and it ought to give pause to all Americans, particularly supporters of Donald Trump.
Sanjo Jendayi|When you begin navigating your life towards your dreams; some will call you selfish, some will become uncomfortable and others will be inspired. The only thing that really matters is following the path to living YOUR best life. There may be detours, one way streets and occasional U-turns on this journey but allow your soul to get you there right on time.
Teju Cole, Open City|He, too, was in the grip of rage and rhetoric. I saw that, attractive though his side of the political spectrum was. A cancerous violence had eaten into every political idea, had taken over the ideas themselves, and for so many, all that mattered was the willingness to do something. Action led to action, free of any moorings, and the way to be someone, the way to catch the attention of the young and recruit them to one's cause, was to be enraged. It seemed as if the only way this lure of violence could be avoided was by having no causes, by being magnificiently isolated from loyalties. But was that not an ethical lapse graver than rage itself?
Johnny Iuzzini|I was an all-sport athlete growing up. My dad, I think, hoped I would go to college on a scholarship.
Jenn Bennett, The Anatomical Shape of a Heart|And then he was kissing me like we were both on fire and he was trying to put the flames out, and I kissed him back like an arsonist with a pocketful of matches.
Poppet, Aisyx|For why war? Nada ne hurt, sister ne hurt, for why you make vesna sore? For why!
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, Nobody|I am sorry, you mistook my disinterest for attention. I don´t care.
Debasish Mridha|In silence, I hear the music of your heart.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|I could imagine it. I could remember it. But I couldn't see it again, and it occured to me that the voracious ambition of humans is never sated by dreams coming true, because there is always the thought that everything might be done better and again.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|We formed an impromptu circle just so we could look at each other and memorize faces. We hardly noticed the waiting officials. We hardly noticed anything but our little family whose ties weren’t loosening at all. In fact, this impending separation only seemed to be binding us together with a double overhand knot, hard to untie and unfailing.
Steve Buscemi|I use a lot of humor, and I follow the saying that if you want to tell people the truth, you better make them laugh first; otherwise, they will shoot you.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|You are powerful, if you choose to be.
Victoria Lamb|I guess you could say I'm allergic to sunlight. If I'm exposed to it, it could kill me.
Ava|through the rose glass window in their beautiful new home, you stare at the love you gave away.
Eloisa James, When the Duke Returns|They were partners. She would always make impulsive decisions and he would make slow, reasoned ones. He would always be a little terrified that she would look at him with the scorn he saw in his mother's eyes. And she would always be a little terrified that he would look at her and not love her enough.In short, they were made for each other.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|If I had a dollar for every time someone asked, “What do you think about this logo?” I’d be rich.
Longchen Rabjam, Dudjom Lingpa's Chöd: An Ambrosia Ocean of Sublime Explanations|We can only suppose that Buddhism has been so much admired mainly for what it is not. A well known modem writer on the subject has remarked that “Buddhism in its purity ignored the existence of a God; it denied the existence of a soul; it was not so much a religion as a code of ethics”. We can understand the appeal of this on the one hand to the rationalist and on the other to the sentimentalist. Unfortunately for these, all three statements arc untrue, at least in the sense in which they are meant. It is with another Buddhism than this that we arc in sympathy and are able to agree; and that is the Buddhism of the texts as they stand.
Sheri Kaye Hoff, Relax Into Inspired Action: Connect the Pieces and Live Fulfilled|When you change your story that you tell about yourself, you change your life. You can start telling a better story right now.
Larry Ackerman, The Identity Code: The 8 Essential Questions for Finding Your Purpose and Place in the World|I AM NOT A WAITER. I HAVE BEEN A STUDENT, A SCIENTIST, A SOLDIER, MY WIFE IS CALLED ALSANA, WE LIVE IN EAST LONDON BUT WE WOULD LIKE TO MOVE NORTH. I AM A MUSLIM BUT ALLAH HAS FORSAKEN ME OR I HAVE FORSAKEN ALLAH, I'M NOT SURE. I HAVE A FRIEND—ARCHIE—AND OTHERS. I AM FORTY-NINE BUT WOMEN STILL TURN IN THE STREET. SOMETIMES. (3.81)
Michael Dibdin, Thanksgiving|Gratitude for me is waking up each day, and being able to make a difference in somebody’s life.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust: First Part|I don't know what we're doing here – you and me … I don't know what we are or what we can be, but this doesn't have to be about that. This can just be about … a chance. Taking a chance.
Margaret McMullan, Sources of Light|When everyone is against you, it means that you are absolutely wrong-- or absolutely right.
Bill Maher|I'm always amazed at the human capacity to not make fundamental changes, but instead merely adapt. I see these pictures of people in Beijing and New Delhi, walking around with masks on, because you can't walk outside your house and breathe? If you can't breathe?…If that's not the cue to make a fundamental change, I don't know what is!
Cynthia Kadohata, Kira-Kira|The birds in the sky can never great the king yet their beauty gives the king to stare at them endlessly, wishing to be with them in the sky.
Theodore Roosevelt|"Yes " I answered you last night  "No " this morning  sir  I say: Colors seen by candle-light Will not look the same by day.
A.B. Whelan, Fields of Elysium|Don't get me wrong. I love to be alone. When I am by myself, I get to create my own version of reality where I am the popular girl and really pretty, and friends can't wait to talk to me. -Madisyn
Petra Durst Benning|Open your arms to change, but don't let go of your values.
Bess Streeter Aldrich, A Lantern in Her Hand|There are many memories. but I'll tell you the one I like to think of best of all. It's just a homely everyday thing, but to me it is the happiest of them all. It is evening time here in the old house and the supper is cooking and the table is set for the whole family. It hurts a mother, Laura, when the plates begin to be taken away one by one. First there are seven and then six and then five...and on down to a single plate. So I like to think of the table set for the whole family at supper time. The robins are singing in the cottonwoods and the late afternoon sun is shining across the floor... The children are playing out in the yard. I can hear their voices and happy laughter. There isn't much to that memory is there? Out of a lifetime of experiences you would hardly expect that to be the one I would choose as the happiest, would you? But it is.
J.R.R. Tolkien|Human stories are practically always about one thing, really, aren't they? Death. The inevitability of death. . .. . . (quoting an obituary) 'There is no such thing as a natural death. Nothing that ever happens to man is natural, since his presence calls the whole world into question. All men must die, but for every man his death is an accident, and even if he knows it he would sense to it an unjustifiable violation.' Well, you may agree with the words or not, but those are the key spring of The Lord Of The Rings
Julian Barnes, The Noise of Time|Music — good music, great music — had a hard, irreducible purity to it. It might be bitter and despairing and pessimistic, but it could never be cynical. If music is tragic, those with asses’ ears accuse it of being cynical. But when a composer is bitter, or in despair, or pessimistic, that still means he believes in something.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|When singers, actors or artists touch on sorrow, they are trying to give comfort to aggrieved souls by giving some meaning to their sorrows. The job of the singer, actor or artists ,in general, is to make us comfortable with our feelings or emotions―be it pain, hurt, anger, hatred, sadness, pleasure, love, cheerfulness or joy.
Jen Calonita, There's No Place Like Home|what was there when nothing began, what will be there when everything ends?
Greg Rutherford|I've got nothing against L.A. I think it is a really beautiful place. To be able to surf and get out in the Pacific Ocean every once in a while. The hiking, all of that is amazing. I love it there.
Cameron Conaway, Caged: Memoirs of a Cage-Fighting Poet|Poets, like fighters, both reap the benefits of roadwork.
Laurie Frankel, This is How It Always Is|Conscious parenting is not about being perfect, it's about being aware. Aware of what your kids need from you to reach more of their full potential.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We are each a product of our biological endowments, culture, and personal history. Culture ideology and cultural events along with transmitted cultural practices influences each of us. We are each the product of our collective interchanges. Our county’s domestic and interlinked international conflicts fuse us together. We are each a molecule in the helix of human consciousness joined in a physical world. We form a coil of connective tissue soldered together by cultural links.
Sinclair Lewis, Babbitt|Somebody once asked me if I ever went up to the plate trying to hit a home run. I said "sure, every time".
Chris Evans|We need to have intimate, enduring bonds; we need to be able to confide; we need to feel that we belong; we need to be able to get support, and just as important for happiness, to give support. We need many kinds of relationships; for one thing, we need friends.
Debasish Mridha|Love is a flower that grows in the garden of mind if we treat it with kindness, compassion, and joy.
Cynthia Jo Mahaffey|My son, Edward, at 4, to a neighbor boy who was being a pain in our backyard: "Oh, don't whine. my mom will throw you right out of here.
Thomas C. Oden, Corrective Love: The Power of Communion Discipline|Sins of ignorance or infirmity are to be admonished in a different way than intentional sins of malice of intention. The assurance of forgiveness is not to be offered carelessly by those whose conscience is seared, but to penitents who come contritely to the table of the Lord.
Tom Robbins|Sounds travel through space long after their wave patterns have ceased to be detectable by the human ear: some cut right through the ionosphere and barrel on out into the cosmic heartland, while others bounce around, eventually being absorbed into the vibratory fields of earthly barriers, but in neither case does the energy succumb; it goes on forever - which is why we, each of us, should take pains to make sweet notes.
La India|I didn't have any Indigenous friends until I was in my 30s, and I'll always remember and be inspired by the remarkable friendship I had with Connie Bush, an outstanding Indigenous leader from Groot Eylandt on who was on the National Women's Advisory Council with me.
Tamora Pierce, Alanna: The First Adventure|Excuse me," she said politely. "But you can't have him. Not yet. He's going to come back with me.
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|No doubt your sword is indeed a beautiful thing. It is a tribute to whoever forged it in bygone ages. There are very few such swords as this one left in the world, but remember, it is only a sword, Matthias! It contains no secret spell, nor holds within its blade any magical power. This sword is made for only one purpose, to kill. It will only be as good or evil as the one who wields it. I know that you intend to use it only for the good of your Abbey, Matthias; do so, but never allow yourself to be tempted into using it in a careless or idle way. It would inevitably cost you your life, or that of your dear ones. Martin the Warrior used the sword only for right and good. This is why it has become a symbol of power to Redwall. Knowledge is gained through wisdom, my friend. Use the sword wisely.
George Foreman|I think we all have a lot of darkness in our bellies. As an actor, the challenge of tapping into that, reaching down into that sadness or anger, is very therapeutic.
Amber Belldene, Blood Entangled|That night, in the dark, dressed to kill, I lost my life—and became twenty forever.
Julie Buxbaum, What to Say Next|I try to think of other things. David’s hand in mine. That was nice. Innocent, friendly hand-holding. I think of his tape measure. And his haircut. I think about what it might be like to kiss him. Not that I really think of him that way-like a boyfriend or even just some hookup-but still I imagine kissing him would feel good. A true thing. A real thing. I imagine he tastes like honesty.
Sonia Sotomayor, My Beloved World|We're not mad," he began, meaning he was. He was always a plural when mad, as though grammatically throwing his lot in with her mother gave him the power of her authority.
Samael Aun Weor|Be not sick too late, nor well too soon
Dada Bhagwan|This’ is not called a religion, ‘This’ is called a science (vignan). Religion keeps changing, science does not change.
Kyoko M., The Black Parade|Fairy tales are not real. However, myths are the historical notes of those who were much wiser than ourselves. We therefore have no right to judge legends; lest we dare challenge demigods and angels.
Michael  Grant, Front Lines|They wouldn’t have understood if they found him crying, when he woke and remembered all at once that he had once had a wife and child, so they never found him this way.
Peter Zumthor|Some men give up their designs when they have almost reached the goal; While others, on the contrary, obtain a victory by exerting, at the last moment, more vigorous efforts than ever before.
Mehmet Murat ildan, Galileo Galilei|For a child, parents’ warning is like a rose blooming in the brain; it opens with difficulty and fades quickly.
Patricia Lockwood, Motherland Fatherland Homelandsexuals|In a field where else you found a stackof revealing nature photographs, of supernude naturephotographs, split beaver of course nature photographs,photographs full of 70s bush, nature taking comefrom every man from miles around, nature with come backto me just dripping from her lips. The stack cameup to your eye, you saw: nature is big into bloodplay,nature is into extreme age play, nature does wild inter-racial, nature she wants you to pee in her mouth, natureis dead and nature is sleeping and still nature is on all fours,a horse it fucks nature to death up in Oregon, nature is hotyoung amateur redheads, the foxes are all in their holesfor the night, nature is hot old used-up cougars, naturemakes gaping fake-agony faces, nature is consensual dad-on-daughter, nature is completely obsessed with twins,nature doing specialty and nature doing niche, exotic femalesthey line up to drip for you, nature getting paddled as hardas you can paddle her, oh a whitewater rapid with her assin the air, high snowy tail on display just everywhere.
William Shakespeare, Henry V|Oh, Blimey O'Riley's pantyhose....What is the point of Shakespeare? I know he is a genius and so on, but he does rave on. 'What light doth through yonder window break?' It's the bloody moon, for God sake, Will, get a grip!
Patrick White, The Vivisector|It was Sunday, and Mumma had gone next door with Lena and the little ones. Under the pepper tree in the yard Pa was sorting, counting, the empty bottles he would sell back: the bottles going clink clink as Pa stuck them in the sack. The fowls were fluffing in the dust and sun: that crook-neck white pullet Mumma said she would hit on the head if only she had the courage to; but she hadn't.
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|We're going to knock those demons out and slay them with the power of Jesus. Hallelujah, can I get an amen?- Timmie
Zachary Levi|Violence is a very ugly thing. Violence is often so casual on film, and made to look so cool and so sexy, but violence is a repulsive, repugnant act that human beings inflict on each other. It shouldn't seem to be cool and sexy, ever really.
Stefan Molyneux|(To the haters) You are not extinguishing the bright lights of mankind, you're simply burying yourself in an unmarked grave.
Randy Kagan|Before you judge a man, walk a mile in his shoes. That way, you will be a mile away from him, and you will have his shoes.
John Perkins, Confessions of an Economic Hit Man|The United States spends over $87 billion conducting a war in Iraq while the United Nations estimates that for less than half that amount we could provide clean water, adequate diets, sanitations services and basic education to every person on the planet. And we wonder why terrorists attack us.
Michael Levy|☺☺ When a man gets to 99, he starts to think, he may only have another 10 years of sexy lovemaking left... Still Smiling At 99. ☺☺
Mason Cooley|A conservative is a man who will not look at the new moon  out of respect for that "ancient institution " the old one.
Jack Williamson, Darker Than You Think|For just a second, Lauren wonders if she’s going insane. But insane people don’t think they’re insane, everybody knows that. But...since that fact of insanity is common knowledge, doesn’t that mean an insane person could use it to convince themselves they’re not actually insane? Wouldn’t that make them even more insane?
Robert Wilson|In my early 20s I was so miserable doing construction, I wanted something that paid money. I liked nice stuff. I liked cars and architecture, and things that cost money. I wanted to not swing a hammer, and make money... and not do stuff that was dirty. I attempted to get into comedy. I started to do stand-up, but I wasn't very good at it.
Richard Wright, Native Son|Why does everyone make fun of New Jersey? It's beautiful here," she said."We live in America.""What does that mean?""People like to judge without knowing.
William Blake|Old age: the crown of life, our play's last act.
Christopher McDougall, Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen|Every run is a work of art, a drawing on each day's canvas. Some runs are shouts and some runs are whispers. Some runs are eulogies and others celebrations. When you're angry, a run can be a sharp slap in the face. When happy, a run is your song. And when your running progresses enough to become the chrysalis through which your life is viewed, motivation is almost beside the point. Rather, it's running that motivates you for everything else the day holds.
Toni Morrison, The Bluest Eye|A man who hates always believes himself justified. He never hates anything that he believes to be good. He thinks he is being just, therefore, in his hatred, but the hatred itself forms a very strong claim that will follow him throughout his lives, until he learns that only the hatred itself is the destroyer.
Conrad Black|You know, my first three or four drafts, you can see, are on legal pads in long hand. And then I go to a typewriter, and I know everybody's switching to a computer. And I'm sort of laughed at.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Build bridges, not walls.
Gautama Buddha|Suppose a man threw into the sea a yoke with one hole in it, and the east wind carried it to the west, and the west wind carried it to the east, and the north wind carried it to the south, and the south wind carried it to the north. Suppose there were a blind turtle that came up once at the end of each century. What do you think, bhikkhus? Would that blind turtle put his neck into that yoke with one hole in it?""He might, venerable sir, sometime or other at the end of a long period.""Bhikkhus, the blind turtle would sooner put his neck into that yoke with a single hole in it than a fool, once gone to perdition, would take to regain the human state, I say. Why is that? Because there is no practising of the Dhamma there, no practising of what is righteous, no doing of what is wholesome, no performance of merit. There mutual devouring prevails, and the slaughter of the weak.
Tommy Lee Jones|Faith is not a notion, but a real strong essential hunger, an attracting or magnetic desire of Christ, which as it proceeds from a seed of the divine nature in us, so it attracts and unites with its like.
Nathaniel Philbrick|I would say that the whole way that I have approached the body is as a space, not a thing - not an object to be improved, idealised or whatever, but simply to be dwelt in.
Santosh Kalwar|I was lost yesterday, I am found today and I will be forgotten tomorrow.
Raymond Carver, Call If You Need Me: The Uncollected Fiction and Other Prose|Evan Connell said once that he knew he was finished with a short story when he found himself going through it and taking out commas and then going through the story again and putting the commas back in the same places. I like that way of working on something. I respect that kind of care for what is being done. That's all we have, finally, the words, and they had better be the right ones, with the punctuation in the right places so that they an best say what they are meant to say. If the words are heavy with the writer's own unbridled emotions, or if they are imprecise and inaccurate for some other reason -- if the worlds are in any way blurred -- the reader's eyes will slide right over them and nothing will be achieved. Henry James called this sort of hapless writing 'weak specification'.
Mary Rose O'Reilley, The Barn at the End of the World: The Apprenticeship of a Quaker, Buddhist Shepherd|I would not have majored in English and gone on to teach literature had I not been able to construct a counterargument about the truthfulness of fiction; still, as writers turn away from the industrious villages of George Eliot and Thomas Hardy, I learn less and less from them that helps me to ponder my life. In time, I found myself agreeing with the course evaluations written by my testier freshman students:'All the literature we read this term was depressing.' How naive. How sane.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|And if my heart was a canvas, every square inch of it would be painted over with you.
Julie Zeilinger, A Little F'd Up: Why Feminism Is Not a Dirty Word|But somehow things took a sinister turn, and the division of labor came to be understood as the demarcation of a social hierarchy. Women kept busy with numerous domestic responsibilities while their male counterparts' sole duty was tending to the flocks. Men had time to think critically, form political infrastructures, and ultimately, network with other men. Meanwhile, women were kept too busy to notice that somewhere along the line, they had become inferior. This is approximately when shit hit the fan.
Bill Condon, A Straight Line to My Heart|The thing I've noticed about life is that it just keeps coming at you. And it can be a real bummer. What you need to remember is that you're not alone. You've got friends and family. That's how we get by. We talk and share and eat cake and giggle in the dark, even when we're scared - no, especially when we're scared.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|It is easy to make the mistake of thinking yoga is about touching your toes when in fact yoga is about learning to touch others. Likewise, many people think the purpose of meditation is a perfectly still mind, when in fact, it is a more compassionate heart. Spiritual practice is measured by one’s ability to ease the suffering of the world one breath at a time.
Various|All his court were cast down in slumber, and all the fires faded and were quenched; but the Silmarils in the crown on Morgoth's head blazed forth suddenly with a radiance of white flame; and the burden of that crown and of the jewels bowed down his head, as though the world were set upon it, laden with a weight of care, of fear, and of desire, that even the will of Morgoth could not support. Then Lúthien catching up her winged robe sprang into the air, and her voice came dropping down like rain into pools, profound and dark. She cast her cloak before his eyes, and set upon him a dream, dark as the outer Void where once he walked alone.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|Silence, too, can be torture.
Michelle Franklin|An acceptable death is a death which can be accepted or tolerated by the survivors. It has its antithesis: ‘the embarrassingly graceless dying,’ which embarrasses the survivors because it causes too strong an emotion to burst forth; and emotions must be avoided both in the hospital and everywhere in society. One does not have the right to become emotional other than in private, that is to say, secretly.
Elaine  White, Reckless Abandon|Daily Mandarin Chinese!每日普通話Freshly baked apple pie makes a tasty dessert.新烤的蘋果派是很可口的飯後點心。Xīn kǎo de píngguǒpài shì hěn kěkǒu de fànhòu diǎnxīn。Best way to learn Chinese Mandarin Online 1 on 1 lesson, Native Chinese Tutors, Book Anywhere Anytime Visit e-Putonghua for a free trial:Follow us on Instagram: ePutonghuaLike e-Putonghua on Facebook您最好的在線學習普通話平台一對一課程，來自中國的專業老師，隨時隨地預約課程免費獲取試聽課程：.e-putonghua . com
Bob Proctor|The report card just told me, my teacher, my parents where my mind was at maybe 3 weeks before when they gave me a test. IT HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH MY POTENTIAL.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|with a fresh breath comes a vision aheadmight be today, tomorrow or or further and beyondwarm up to that event, it may be that ride one only hopes formuch like water at times may pass between thru the fingersgrasp firm to retain, cherish the light and look beyond and above...
Henry David Thoreau, Civil Disobedience|After everything, you still want to believe that love prevails, that in the end there will be justice. That is an illusion, and I pity you.
Patrick Modiano, Paris Nocturne|No one gave us life, we're the products of an explosion.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|Sometimes, despite how your heart feels, you have to do what you must in order to get the result you need. When it's impossible to walk away then you need to make it hurt and they will walk away for you.
John Kenneth Galbraith|God is on everyone's side... and in the last analysis, he is on the side with plenty of money and large armies.
Henry B. Eyring|I am a big defender of 'Harry Potter,' and I think any book that gets kids to read are books that we should cherish, we should be thankful for them.
Moza bint Nasser|Martin Luther King, Jr. didn't carry just a piece of cloth to symbolize his belief in racial equality; he carried the American flag.
Deyth Banger|I heard that Stephen King doesn't sleep well,... so I gues that he doesn't sleep well from his imagination. If I had the same imagination I won't sleep too!
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|The spirit partly lies in physical body,the rest of it is still waiting to be refitted.
Sarah Gadon|You have to knock doors, make calls, and build a relationship with voters long before Election Day.
Keke Palmer|But what I was going to say was, I just figured I'm going to go boldly in the direction of my dreams, say it as Thoreau would say, and just see where it takes me.
Jeffrey R. Holland|You are doing God's work. You are doing it wonderfully well. He is blessing you, and He will bless you, --even--no, -especially--when your days and your nights may be most challenging. Like the woman who anonymously, meekly, perhaps even with hesitation and some embarrassment, fought her way through the crowd just to touch the hem of the Master's garment, so Christ will say to the women who worry and wonder and weep over their responsibility as mothers, `Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole.' And it will make your children whole as well.
Ayn Rand|If this is vise I want no virtue....I know what happiness is possible to me on earth. And my happiness needs no higher aim to vindicate it. My happiness is not the means to any end. It is the end. It is its own goal. It is its own purpose. Neither am I the means to any end others may wish to accomplish. I am not a tool for their use. I am not a servant of their needs. I am not a bandage for their wounds. I am not a sacrifice on their altars....But what is freedom? Freedom from what? There is nothing to take a man’s freedom away from him, save other men. To be free, a man must be free of his brothers. That is freedom. That and nothing else.
James Patterson, First Love|In the constant pursuit of perfection, junk food will always be a rather painful stumbling block
Meredith Jaeger, The Dressmaker's Dowry|Leave the gun, take the cannoli--Clemenza to Rocco in the Godfather (1972)
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Entreat me not to leave thee, or to return from following after thee: For wither thou goest, I will go; and where thou lodgest, I will lodge: Thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God.
Jesse Eisenberg|I travel so much on stories, so I don't take vacation much, but one place I go back to again and again is my ranch.
George Orwell, 1984|It's so difficult, isn't it? To see what's going on when you're in the absolute middle of something? It's only with hindsight we can see things for what they are.
Janene Murphy|Those that care for their career, more than their relationship, can find themselves alone.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|Every day in Africa a gazelle wakes up. It knows it must run faster than the fastest lion or it will be killed. Every morning a lion wakes up. It knows that it must outrun the slowest gazelle or it will starve to death. It doesn’t matter whether you are a lion or a gazelle. When the sun comes up, you better be running.
F.D.  Lee, The Fairy's Tale|I had a lot of "maybes" in the love arena but this time I don't know why do I pray fervently that God will make you "Right" just for me. For true love is full of Hope, will not close its doors for its Beloved just because of his flaws. After all, we are born imperfect but can be perfected by Real Love." - Author/Poet Elizabeth Esguerra Castillo
Dan O Donnell|Your mind is a wonderful tool for creating what your soul wants. Use the tool, don't let it use you.
Niall Ferguson, Civilization: The West and the Rest|In the war, to survive, you had to be responsible every minute of every day, unhesitatingly responsible for yourself, for your every action. You had to be responsible for your buddies, too, because survival wasn't something that could be achieved alone. That's maybe the one positive thing about fighting in a war - it clarifies your thinking and makes you realize that a sense of responsibility is what separates good men from the damned.
Josh Duhamel|While I was in India, my yoga teacher asked me to start teaching, and my life became about that for years. I taught 18 classes a week, therapeutics, and traveled to study with other teachers.
Francis A. Schaeffer|Sweeping out of the inward positive reality, there is to be a positive manifestation externally. It is not just that we are dead to certain things, but we are to love God, we are to be alive to Him, we are to be in communion with Him, in this present moment of history. And we are to love men, to be alive to men as men, and to be in communication on a true personal level with men, in this present moment of history.
Diana Gabaldon, Outlander|You don't have to pretend with me, you know.' He reaches out and tucks a strand of my hair behind my ear. His expression is so open and honest I feel it like a sucker punch. 'I used to pretend, all the time, so I can spot it a mile away. If you're feeling shit, then just say so. I don't need to know the reason, it might be none of my business—' 'I'm feeling shit.
Jules Cashford|A myth, in its original Greek meaning- muthos- is simply that: a story, one which seeks to render life transparent to an intelligible source.
Haruki Murakami|He stopped complaining, but now I was annoyed. I went to the roof and drank alone.
Jessica Fechtor, Stir: My Broken Brain and the Meals That Brought Me Home|When I visit someplace new my favorite thing to do is eat...and walk, preferable to a place where I can eat some more.
Chris Hedges|They [Harvard academia] liked the poor, but didn't like the smell of the poor.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Red Mars|[Capitalism assumed] that from the beginning all men are equal. If that were so everyone would be equipped with the same working power, the same education and, above all, the same economic assets … each person would [then] have only himself to blame if he did not succeed.
Mark Cuban|The computer is my favourite invention. I feel lucky to be part of the global village. I don't mean to brag, but I'm so fast with technology. People think it all seems too much, but we'll get used to it. I'm sure it all seemed too much when we were learning to walk.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With courage, you can confidently chase your dreams.
Kami Garcia, Sublimes creatures|One day you wake up and realize the world can be conquered... I'm going to put a mask on and scrawl my name across the face of the world, build cities of gold, come back and stomp this place flat, until even the bricks are just dust. So you can just shut up. All of you. I'm going to move the world.
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|The past is weird. I mean, does it really exist ? It feels like it exists, but where is it ? And if it did exists, but doesn’t now, then where did it go ?
Shannon Dermott, Beg for Mercy|She may not be able to teach the baby how to cook, but she could teach the child how to shoot a gun and how to disarm a man when being attacked with a knife. You never knew when those things could come in handy.
Rachel Van Dyken, Ruin|Time was the most precious thing in the world to me, and I’d just given her all of it. Because I was falling for her. Because I cared for her. Because I wanted to give her something to remember me by, even if it would eventually fade like its namesake. Time… what an absolute horror-inducing word
Nancy Gibbs|Almost every morning when I go to the studio to work, I discover a fresh rose in the bud vase on my dressing table... one living and vital thing in a dusty arena of powder and tissue and matches and greasepaint.
Morris R. Gates|How many infinite lives have been lived since man first had consciousness or awareness of his soul?And how many of those souls have stared up at the stars in wonder; pondered the meaning of their existence, the meaning of life, the thoughts of their ancestors, dreamed of the futures of his offspring and the purpose of all that is man?How long will we wander before the truth is found?
Rachel Caine, Ash and Quill|I'm all right, Nic," Wolfe said, and finally looked at him. "We walked through the dungeons under Rome, survived Philadelphia, and this perfumed cage won't bring us to our knees. We're all stronger than that.""All right," Santi said. "But don't ask me to stop standing next to you. Because you know I will, however much you shout about it.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Asking permission to call someone by their first name is a gesture of gentility and consideration. And once permission is granted, the gate is open for mutual respect and mutual purpose. Simply demonstrating this courtesy before making an assumption is impressive. Once permission is granted, you have earned points on both sides.
Amy Engel, The Book of Ivy|Often, when I am able to check out a book, I read it a dozen times before returning it, desperate to remain lost in the magic of someone else's story.
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child|The Church right now has more fashion than passion, is more pathetic than prophetic, is more superficial than supernatural.
Stephen King, It|Tis like she comes to speak of Cassio’s death,The noise was high. Ha! No more moving?Still as the grave. Shall she come in? Were ’t good?I think she stirs again—No. What’s best to do?If she come in, she’ll sure speak to my wife—My wife! my wife! what wife? I have no wife.Oh, insupportable! Oh, heavy hour!Methinks it should be now a huge eclipseOf sun and moon, and that th' affrighted globeShould yawn at alteration.
The Monster Pyro|And The Monster Said "Define Morality" Later To Explain That It Depends On The Person If They Are A Person.....
Matt Taibbi|Those who say don't know, those who know don't say
Agona Apell, The Success Genome Unravelled: Turning Men from Rot to Rock|A body of ten ounces raised in any scale may serve as a proof, that the counterbalancing weight exceeds ten ounces; but can never afford a reason that it exceeds a hundred.
Vatsal Surti, On Love|A relationship takes place between two people across space and time, and suddenly no one seems like a stranger.
René Descartes|Let whoever can do so deceive me, he will never bring it about that I am nothing, so long as I continue to think I am something.
Jeff Lindsay, Dexter Is Delicious|Ignorance is of a peculiar nature; once dispelled, it is impossible to reestablish it. It is not originally a thing of itself, but is only the absence of knowledge; and though man may be kept ignorant, he cannot be made ignorant.
Brandon L. Clay|Look at the people around you. Some Inspire you, some Perspire you. Be with those that build Energy in you.-RVM
Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper|With endless time, nothing is special. With no loss or sacrifice, we can’t appreciate what we have
Michael Stein|And after that until the end, there was no relief from being a girl with chores that she wasn’t being paid for, a girl with no new sandals and a friend who wasn’t a friend but a mistress, and a family that wasn’t but people who owned her and ordered her about, and nothing at all but her pretty breasts and her round bottom and her misbehaving hair to help her feel any different.
Carre Otis|I am not naturally that thin, so I had to go through everything from using drugs to diet pills to laxatives to fasting. Those were my main ways of controlling my weight.
Jen Wilkin, Women of the Word: How to Study the Bible with Both Our Hearts and Our Minds|For years I viewed my interaction with the Bible as a debit account: I had a need, so I went to the Bible to withdraw an answer. But we do much better to view our interaction with the Bible as a savings account: I stretch my understanding daily, I deposit what I glean, and I patiently wait for it to accumulate in value, knowing that one day I will need to draw on it.
Gabriel Chevallier, Clochemerle Babylon|It's not like the Middle Ages, when you had the Church and the aristocracy keeping everything nice and stagnant.
|Never hesitate for a second to separate yourself from those who speak ill of other people’s success, because sooner or later when you become successful, they would surely start speaking ill of you and become your biggest enemies.
Vera Wang|I would have liked maybe to be in architecture or painting, something connected to the fine arts.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Education and the Significance of Life|Now that lilacs are in bloomShe has a bowl of lilacs in her roomAnd twists one in her fingers while she talks."Ah, my friend, you do not know, you do not knowWhat life is, you who hold it in your hands"; (slowly twisting the lilac stalks)"You let it flow from you, you let it flow,And youth is cruel, and has no remorseAnd smiles at situations which it cannot see."I smile, of course,And go on drinking tea.
James Rollins|I love photography. My boyfriend's got a great camera, which I bought for his birthday.
Janna Cachola|Self-leadership is the most effective way to train leaders. How do you do that? Empower them to make decisions, you as a leader back them up and allow them to follow through
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Why not risk your life, if you don't want to live anyway? Why not risk your life if you'll never be happy no matter what you do?
Richard House, The Kills|You are the stories you tell, whatever their basis in fact or experience. It’s who you are.
N.K. Jemisin, The Stone Sky|But for a society build on exploitation, there is no greater threat than having no one left to oppress.
Kiki Archer, But She Is My Student|I had loved Kitty -I would always love Kitty. But I had lived with her a kind of queer half-life, hiding from my own true self. Since then I had refused to love at all, had become - or so I thought - a creature beyond passion, driving others to their secret, humiliating confessions of lust; but never offering my own.
Melissa McClone, Home For Christmas|Everything I didn’t know I was looking for…it’s there whenever I’m with you. I don’t know what it is that you think I deserve, but I don’t want anything other than what’s right here, right now.
Rush Limbaugh|My little brother and grandma told me I could sing. I used to sing in church, too. Not like in the choir or anything, but for people around the church... on the church bus going home and Christmas plays.
Idries Shah, The Commanding Self|The main problem is that most commentators are accustomed to thinking of spiritual schools as 'systems', which are more or less alike, and which depend upon dogma and ritual: and especially upon repetition and the application of continual and standardised pressures upon their followers.The Sufi way, except in degenerate forms which are not to be classified as Sufic, is entirely different from this.
Anthony Swofford, Jarhead : A Marine's Chronicle of the Gulf War and Other Battles|During the few months Troy had been back home, he’d told his friends about us, and so we quickly eased into the conversation as though we’d all known each other for many years. They embarrassed us with great thanks for having served overseas. They recounted combat events Troy had told them, and we realized by the context of their stories that Troy had made us heroes for his friends because we’d been heroes to him. At this point I was the saddest I’d yet been over Troy’s passing, because the true friend from war is the friend who obliterates his own story by telling the stories of others.
Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God|They plan and they fix and they do, and then some kitchen-dwelling fiend slips a scorchy, soggy, tasteless mess into their pots and pans…So when the bread didn’t rise, and the fish wasn’t quite done at the bone, and the rice was scorched, he slapped Janie until she had a ringing sound in her ears and told her about her brains before he stalked on back to the store.
Tricia-Anne Y. Morris|Love is kind. Kindness is saying kind words that compliment, empower and encourage. It’s making every effort to make the other person feel good about him or herself. It’s about being thoughtful, tender and having a big heart towards each other. It’s showing concern when the other person is hurting, sad or exhibiting some other kind of negative disposition. It’s about giving to each other by virtue of our time, possessions, blessings, gifts and everything else that’s good.
David Brooks|Even if we’ve never been inside a synagogue or a mosque or a church—even if we have, and vowed never to go back—deep down in our striving hearts, beneath all the ambition and the fear, we suspect that we were made for a different sort of life.
Jessamyn West|Even as a kid I was never the generator of humor, but I always knew who was funny, who to hang out with.
Stuart Chase|Muslims have a very bad attitude to homosexuality, they're very intolerant.
Hamlin Garland|How strange that nature does not knock, and yet does not intrude!
Maitreya Rudrabhayananda|Trust and condemnation work hand in hand for both work on the concept of experience, of knowing it, observing it, realizing it, understanding it and finally accepting it in either of the two categories for the root remains the same 'Expectation'. Expectation leads one to think that 'I would achieve something if trust is there' and when the expectation is not achieved the process of condemning begins. Imagine a situation where the basis of doing something is not expectation but remains mystical in nature. This is a state of liberation from the most difficult process as without Expectation, Trust is absent and Condemnation ceases to exist. This is a pure state for it helps one to unravel the human nature and the neutral mindest, openness emerges leading one to grow more and more within.
Nancy Beach, An Hour on Sunday: Creating Moments of Transformation and Wonder|Good-hearted laughter is a tribute to the happy God, who created laughter and delights to enter into it with us.
Emilia Clarke|I think a good friend, to me, is all about trust and loyalty. You don't ever want to second-guess whether you can tell your friend something.
Kid Rock|Politics is a noble activity. We should revalue it, practise it with vocation and a dedication that requires testimony, martyrdom, that is to die for the common good.
Philip Pullman, The Amber Spyglass|His smile is too beautiful for this world, and I am dying of love.
Barbara Oakley|If you are one of those people who can’t hold a lot in mind at once—you lose focus and start daydreaming in lectures, and have to get to someplace quiet to focus so you can use your working memory to its maximum—well, welcome to the clan of the creative. Having a somewhat smaller working memory means you can more easily generalize your learning into new, more creative combinations. Because you’re learning new, more creative combinations. Having a somewhat smaller working memory, which grows from the focusing abilities of the prefrontal cortex, doesn’t lock everything up so tightly, you can more easily get input from other parts of your brain. These other areas, which include the sensory cortex, not only are more in tune with what’s going on in the environment, but also are the source of dreams, not to mention creative ideas. You may have to work harder sometimes (or even much of the time) to understand what’s going on, but once you’ve got something chunked, you can take that chunk and turn it outside in and inside round—putting it through creative paces even you didn’t think you were capable of! 	Here’s another point to put into your mental chunker: Chess, that bastion of intellectuals, has some elite players with roughly average IQs. These seemingly middling intellects are able to do better than some more intelligent players because they practice more. That’s the key idea. Every chess player, whether average or elite, grows talent by practicing. It is the practice—particularly deliberate practice on the toughest aspects of the material—that can help lift average brains into the realm of those with more “natural” gifts. Just as you can practice lifting weights and get bigger muscles over time, you can also practice certain mental patterns that deepen and enlarge in your mind.
Lois Greiman, Unzipped|You lose a couple of pounds and get a guy good and drunk, you could have a hell of a good time even if you are not smart.
Candace Vianna, The Science of Loving|There are no supermoms. Eventually, you just have to hope your kid survives all your parental screw-ups.
Shannon L. Alder|a Nepali outlook, pace and philosophy had prevented us being swamped by our problems. In Nepal it was easier to take life day by day.
Adolfo Perez Esquivel|Whether addressing immediate crises or building long-term foundations of peace, the United Nations will remain committed to solutions that advance the global good.
Bethany Brookbank, Write like no one is reading|The transformation of the world is brought about by the transformation of oneself, because the self is the product and a part of the total process of human existence. To transform oneself, self-knowledge is essential; without knowing what you are, there is no basis for right thought, and without knowing yourself there cannot be transformation. One must know oneself as on is, not as on wishes to be, which is merely an ideal and there for fictitious, unreal; it is only that which is that can be transformed, not that which you wish to be. To know oneself as one is requires and extraordinary alertness of mind, because what is, is constantly undergoing transformation, change; and to follow it swiftly the mind must not be tethered to any particular dogma or belief, to any particular pattern of action. If you would follow anything, it is no good being tethered. To know yourself, there must be the awareness, the alertness of mind in which there is freedom from all beliefs, from all idealization, because beliefs and ideals only give you a color, perverting true perception. If you want to know what you are, you cannot imagine or have belief in something which you are not. If I am greedy, envious, violent, merely having an ideal of non-violence, of non-greed, is of little value. The understanding of what you are, whatever it be – ugly or beautiful, wicked or mischievous – the understanding of what you are, without distortion, is the beginning of virtue. Virtue is essential, for it gives freedom.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|I rest my head on his shoulder, feeling his heart beating against me. I wish I could gather time around us, slowing the minutes, making them last a lifetime.“I was born on the island kingdom of Ghedda,” I whisper. This is a story I never told even to you, Habiba. I tell it now only because I cannot bear to leave him without the truth, knowing only half of me. I raise my head and meet his eyes. “That was more than four thousand years ago. I was the eldest daughter of a wise and generous king.”Aladdin stares at me, his eyes soft and curious, encouraging me to go on.“When I was seventeen, I became queen of Ghedda. In those days, the jinn were greater in number, and the Shaitan held greater sway over the realms of men. He demanded we offer him twenty maidens and twenty warriors in sacrifice, in return for fair seas and lucrative trade. I was young and proud and desired, above all else, to be a fair ruler. I would not bow to his wishes, so he shook our island until it began to fall into the sea.”I shudder, and Aladdin draws me closer.“I climbed to the alomb at the top of the Mountain of Tongues, and there offered myself to the Shaitan, if he would only save my city from the sea.” My voice falls to a whisper, little more than a ripple on the water. “So he took me and made me jinn and put me in the lamp. And then he caused the Mountain of Tongues to erupt, and Ghedda was lost to fire. For he had sworn only to save my people from the sea, not from flame.
Maxim Gorky, Twenty-Six Men and a Girl and Other Stories|The poor are always rich in children, and in the dirt and ditches of this street there are groups of them from morning to night, hungry, naked and dirty. Children are the living flowers of the earth, but these had the appearance of flowers that have faded prematurely, because they grew in ground where there was no healthy nourishment.
Jean-Christophe Valtat, Aurorarama|Greed is like a dark side of every man, and you could not see it from the appearance of a man, but in the inside the greedy beast already dominating you.
Sunday Adelaja|It is easier to be a mere performer and not to make serious decisions, to live with an assistance of someone else’s mind and obey someone else’s command when you are a person of victim mentality
Jeanette Winterson, The Powerbook|...love smashes into your life like an ice floe, and even if your heart is built like the Titanic you go down
Charles R. Swindoll|We are all different, but when we ask for the Lord's blessings, we must not forget that God created us equal.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.|the flesh covers the bone and they put a mind in there and sometimes a soul, and the women break vases against the walls and the men drink too much and nobody finds the one but keep looking crawling in and out of beds. flesh covers the bone and the flesh searches for more than flesh.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Strikes|Intuition is already in contact with Existence. Intuition is already in contact with that, which is larger than ourselves.
Francis Bacon, The Collected Works of Sir Francis Bacon|The general root of superstition : namely, that men observe when things hit, and not when they miss; and commit to memory the one, and forget and pass over the other.
Ann Richards|I believe in recovery, and as a role model I have the responsibility to let young people know that you can make a mistake and come back from it.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Be you, be true to your word, don't sell yourself short and don't waste your life worrying.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Affliction|And as a few strokes on the nose will make a puppy head shy, so a few rebuffs will make a boy shy all over. But whereas a puppy will cringe away or roll on its back, groveling, a little boy may cover his shyness with nonchalance, with bravado, or with secrecy. And once a boy has suffered rejection, he will find rejection even where it does not exist—or, worse, will draw it forth from people simply by expecting it.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Be aware, putting on a poker face can backfire during your first impressions because it can make people uncomfortable and make you more difficult to read and harder to get to know.
Anise Eden, All the Broken Places|And then I turn another corner, and my chest constricts so tightly, so painfully, that I can no longer breathe.Because there he is.He's engrossed in an oversize book, hunched over and completely absorbed. A breeze ruffles his dark hair, and he bites his nails. . . . Several other people are soaking up the rare sunshine, but as soon as they're registered, they're forgotten. Because of him.I grip the edge of a sidewalk café table to keep from falling. The diners stare in alarm, but I don't care. I'm reeling, and I gasp for air.How can I have been so stupid?How could I have ever for a moment believed I wasn't in love with him?
Thomas Jefferson|There are no worse oppressors than those who have been oppressed themselves for they will justify all means of self-preservation, including persecution and oppression of others, to the extent of, and worse than that which they had endured. This will weigh heavily on the souls of future generations.
Vincent McNabb|Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them. 
Stjepan Šejić, Sunstone, Vol. 5|When people think time is against them, they get a different feeling. No one however knows with all certainty, what exactly is in the next moment of time! Something can change!
Martina Navratilova|For me, I am left leaning when it comes to health and education, on the right when it comes to defense. So I don't know where I come on the political spectrum. And I think this the challenge that a lot of Jordanians have to deal with.
Blake Lively|I think the actors in 'Greystoke' were amazing. They had a really good performance coach called Peter Elliott who's, of his time, one of the greatest simian performance coaches for actors.
Julie Garwood, The Prize|A compliment about one’s nature is more important because a person has to choose how to behave, whilst a compliment about one’s appearance doesn’t mean overly much because there is no choice involved there.
Dante Alighieri|Within her presence, I had once been usedto feeling—trembling—wonder, dissolution;but that was long ago. Still, though my soul,now she was veiled, could not see her directly,by way of hidden force that she could move,I felt the mighty power of old love.
Sunny Deol|'E.T.' was the movie that made me want to make movies in the first place, and it was the first movie that made me focus on writing instead of what happens in the movie.
Kass Morgan, The 100|If you are uncomfortable with any law or procedure, propose a motion for its amendment. Until it is amended, going against it for whatever purpose automatically makes one a rebel
Drew Seeley|I admire Eudora Welty. 'Delta Wedding' is a book I've given as a present to numerous women. Eudora Welty rocks. She writes such jewel-like, fine, refined short stories.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|The day you stop caring about opinions of other , is the first day of you freedom.
Ian Doescher, William Shakespeare's The Phantom of Menace|Indeed, it may most verily be saidThat only death and taxes certain are.
Dave Shelton, A Boy and A Bear in a Boat|I'll investigate, but I've still got to be cautious, because a monster in one's lap isn't always a good thing.
Charles V. de Vet, Second Game|You cannot win the war. You will seem to win but it will be an illusion. You will win the battles, kill billions, rape Worlds, take slaves, and destroy ships and weapons. But after that you will be forced to hold the subjection. Your numbers will not be expendable. You will be spread thin, exposed to other cultures that will influence you, change you. You will lose skirmishes, and in the end you will be forced back. Then will come a loss of old ethics, corruption and opportunism will replace your honor and you will know unspeakable shame and dishonor... your culture will soon be weltering back into a barbarism and disorganization which in its corruption and despair will be nothing like the proud tribal primitive life of its first barbarism. You will be aware of the difference and unable to return.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|Is the sunrise superior just because it goes before the sunset with a day and sunset goes before the sunrise with a night? Could there be day without night and sunrise without sunset, life without death?
Terry Pratchett, The Fifth Elephant|Who is to blame? The filth peddler, of course, but even more than this vulgar entertainer, the filth consumer, the public. So long as men are corrupt and revel in sewer filth, entertainers will sell them what they want. Laws may be passed, arrests may be made, lawyers may argue, courts may sentence and jails may harbor men of corrupt minds, but pornography and allied insults to decency will never cease until men have cleansed their minds and cease to require and pay for such vile stuff. When the customer is sick and tired of being drowned in filth by the comedians, he will not pay for that filth and its source will dry up.
Michael J. Fox|Children, be curious. Nothing is worse (I know it) than when curiosity stops. Nothing is more repressive than the repression of curiosity. Curiosity begets love. It weds us to the world. It's part of our perverse, madcap love for this impossible planet we inhabit. People die when curiosity goes. People have to find out, people have to know.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Writers think in metaphors. Editors work in metaphors. A great reader reads in metaphors.All are continually asking, "What does this represent? What does it stand for?"They are trying to take everything one level deeper. When they get to that level, they will try to go deeper again.
Michael Benzehabe|Children, our lives have been gongs striking; clamour and boasting; cries of despair; blows on the nape of the neck in gardens.
Immanuel Kant, An Answer to the Question: What Is Enlightenment?|Charisma is the numinous aura around a narcissistic personality. It flows outward from a simplicity or unity of being and a composure and controlled vitality. There is gracious accommodation, yet commanding impersonality. Charisma is the radiance produced by the interaction of male and female elements in a gifted personality. The charismatic woman has a masculine force and severity. The charismatic man has an entrancing female beauty. Both are hot and cold, glowing with presexual self love.
Daya Kudari|Real problems can't be fixed with a motivational poster, a cute quote or a pat on the back.
Scott Westerfeld|Mystique saturates, gluts the air,Adventure’s even more than rare,Excitement’s everywhere to share,And Novelty’s beyond compare.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|We had more fun waiting in line together at the Department of Motor Vehicles than most couples have on their honeymoons. We gave each other same nickname, so there would be no separation between us. We made goals, vows, promises and dinner together. He read books to me...
Stephen Jay Gould|But complex animals had obtained their adaptive flexibility at some cost--they had traded one dependency for another. It was no longer necessary to change their bodies to adapt, because now their adaptation was behavior, socially determined. That behavior required learning. In a sense, among higher animals adaptive fitness was no longer transmitted to the next generation by DNA at all. It was now carried by teaching.
William Hazlitt|Pak-China friendship is higher than Himalayas, deeper than ocean, sweeter than honey, and stronger than steel.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you walk with the Creator, He will give you wisdom.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn|Strange, how death had a way of turning a table upside down in an instant. It swept away all the dust that covered treasures, blew the fog from one’s view, knockedaway facades.
Tony DiTerlizzi, The Search for WondLa|Welcome to the real world, Mother Robot, a beautiful and dangerous place. Now you can truly begin to live.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz|Her voice was flat, in a way Myrna recognized from years of listening to people trying to rein in their emotions. To squash them down, flatten, them, and with them their words and their voices. Desperately trying to make the horrific sound mundane.
Thomas Szasz|Good morning, Eeyore," said Pooh."Good morning, Pooh Bear," said Eeyore gloomily. "If it is a good morning, which I doubt," said he."Why, what's the matter?""Nothing, Pooh Bear, nothing. We can't all, and some of us don't. That's all there is to it.""Can't all what?" said Pooh, rubbing his nose."Gaiety. Song-and-dance. Here we go round the mulberry bush.
Don DeLillo, White Noise|To help our youth abide by the principles involved in temple marriage, we must help them to understand that temple marriage is more than just a place where the ceremony occurs; it is a whole orientation to life and marriage and home. It is a culmination of building attitudes toward the Church, chastity, and about our personal relationship with God--and many other things. "Thus, simply preaching temple marriage is not enough. Our family home evenings, seminaries, institutes, and auxiliaries must build toward this goal, not by exhortation alone but by showing that the beliefs and attitudes involved in temple marriage are those which can bring the kind of life here and in eternity that most humans really want for themselves" (The Teachings of Harold B. Lee, p. 244).
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|The way to get on with a cat is to treat it as an equal - or even better, as the superior it knows itself to be.
Tim Ryan|I really believe the only way to stay healthy is to eat properly, get your rest and exercise. If you don't exercise and do the other two, I still don't think it's going to help you that much.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|And when she at last came out, her eyes were dry. Her parents stared up from their silent breakfast at her. They both started to rise but she put a hand out, stopped them. ‘I can care for myself, please,’ and she set about getting some food. They watched her closely. 	In point of fact, she had never looked as well. She had entered her room as just an impossibly lovely girl. The woman who emerged was a trifle thinner, a great deal wiser, and an ocean sadder. This one understood the nature of pain, and beneath the glory of her features, there was character, and a sure knowledge of suffering. 	She was eighteen. She was the most beautiful woman in a hundred years. She didn’t seem to care. 	‘You’re all right?’ her mother asked.	Buttercup sipped her cocoa. ‘Fine,’ she said.	‘You’re sure?’ her father wondered.	‘Yes,’ Buttercup replied. There was a very long pause. ‘But I must never love again.’	She never did.
Samuel Beckett, Krapp's Last Tape & Embers|She would be one of those who kneel to their own shadows till feet grow on their knees; then go down on their hands till their hands grow into feet; then lay their faces on the ground till they grow into snouts; when at last they are a hideous sort of lizards, each of which believes himself the best, wisest, and loveliest being in the world, yea, the very centre of the universe. And so they run about for ever looking for their own shadows that they may worship them, and miserable because they cannot find them, being themselves too near the ground to have any shadows; and what becomes of them at last, there is but one who knows.
Karl Barth, The Humanity of God|In Jesus Christ there is no isolation of man from God or of God from man. Rather, in Him we encounter the history, the dialogue, in which God and man meet together and are together, the reality of the covenant MUTUALLY contracted, preserved, and fulfilled by them. Jesus Christ is in His one Person, as true GOD, MAN'S loyal partner, and as true MAN, GOD'S. He is the Lord humbled for communion with man and likewise the Servant exalted to communion with God.
Madeline Hunter, Lady of Sin|(…) Trying to think of how to take the least crowded ways to class, so the least amount of people will stare at the hole in my neck. Sometimes it feels like it has a beacon in it, flashing for the entire world to see, except it's not cool like the Bat signal.
Nelson Mandela|Moving right alongIn search of good timesAnd good news,With good friends you can't lose.This could become a habit.Opportunity just knocked,Let's reach out and grab it,Together we'll nab it,We'll hitch-hike, bus, or yellow cab it.
Iain M. Banks|I just took [my cancer diagnosis] as bad luck, basically. It did strike me almost immediately, my atheist sort of thing kicked in and I thought "ha, if I was a God-botherer, I'd be thinking, why me God? What have I done to deserve this?" and I thought at least I'm free of that, at least I can simply treat it as bad luck and get on with it.
Joe Meno, The Great Perhaps|Attention, God the Judge, God the Father, who Art in Heaven, give me one miracle, please. If You exist as I know You do, even if no one else in the world believes in You, please give me a brain tumor. Please tear my limbs from their sockets and let the backseat and my older sister be totally covered with blood. Please make me dumb and blind and deaf, please make me a martyr, please, dear heavenly Father. Tear my heart right from my chest. Drive spikes into my eyes and let hot lava shoot out of my mouth. Make me silent and thoroughly dead, but please hurry. Before we get home, before we reach the next stoplight, let the only sound be no sound, the silence of my death burning in the empty sky. If You are a mighty and true God, if You are not just a dream I have made up, please, before another hour, another minute passes, let the wire in my bra poke through my heart. Dear Lord, please, please, give me this one miracle. I have begged You every day, every evening, so please, let Your will be done, let Your will be done. Give me a gruesome death as fast as You possibly can. Thank you, God. Amen.
Maya Angelou|Being natural is incredibly empowering for women because it's just who you are. You're embracing all the beautiful things about you from your head to your toes. Because when you mask so much of your natural beauty, people don't get to see that.
Fay Weldon, Worst Fears|She could see that to lose a sibling was hard: it could only seem unnatural:out of time, out of order, a vicious re-run of your own departure into nothingness.
