Taylor Swift|I think for me, beauty is sincerity. I think that there are so many different ways that someone can be beautiful. You know, someone so funny that it makes them beautiful no matter how they look, because they’re sincere in it. Or somebody who’s really emotional, and moody and thoughtful and stoic, but that makes them beautiful because that’s sincerely who they are
Mahesh Babu|The Southbank Centre Unlimited Festival was a distinct moment in time, an amazing counterpoint to the London 2012 Paralympics. There is no question that a major shift in perspective is taking place, that the world is waking up and greeting - as if for the first time - the extraordinary community of people with disability.
Phil G Glenn|Reed wanted to believe, and he had to place faith in her, to have a life with her. “Ruby, the one thing I know for certain is I love you. I have faith in you. I believe in you.
Debasish Mridha|To be what you always wanted to be, step away from conformity.
Manasa Rao|I realize no matter how smart you are, you’ll end up trusting people and get hurt. This world is full of pretenders and you’ll never know.
Reed Albergotti, Wheelmen: Lance Armstrong, the Tour de France, and the Greatest Sports Conspiracy Ever|...Lance is the inevitable product of our celebrity-worshipping culture and the whole money-mad world of sports gone amok. This is the Golden Age of fraud, an era of general willingness to ignore and justify the wrongdoings of the rich and powerful, which makes every lie bigger and widens its destructive path.
Leo Ornstein, Piano Works, 1913-1990|I would say that Op 31 had brought music just to the very edge … I just simply drew back and said, “beyond that lies complete chaos”.
Grand Admiral Thrawn|Learn about art, Captain. When you understand a species' art, you understand that species.
Debasish Mridha|Always write to change society for the better.You will go, but it will live as a treasure forever.
Stendhal, The Red and the Black|Today, it felt like time should be measured by how much of the future she had left, and needed to be counted forward. She felt proud listening, as if somehow Jonathan Parish's speech reflected on her, as if she could take credit for some part of it, for him.
Alyssa Harad, Coming to My Senses: A Story of Perfume, Pleasure, and an Unlikely Bride|What we talk about less often, because it is harder to explain, is the way a perfume can give breath and body to the phantom selves that waft about us as we go through our days -- not just the showgirl, the femme fatale, and the ingenue, but all the memories and dreams of the taller, meaner, sharper, sweeter, softer people we have been or long to be.
Joseph B. Wirthlin|Saving our planet, lifting people out of poverty, advancing economic growth... these are one and the same fight. We must connect the dots between climate change, water scarcity, energy shortages, global health, food security and women's empowerment. Solutions to one problem must be solutions for all.
F. W. de Klerk|Everything I want to do, and to accomplish, is on the other side of the universe. That's peace of mind, energy, freedom. And I'm making myself ready to go, joyfully and willingly. I think I'm ready to be everybody's friend, and to do anything for anybody. It's heavy.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|But if you needed to HAVE AN IDEA, boredom could be to a roadblocked novel what chemotherapy was to a cancer patient.
Phoebe Cary|Don't bother about genius. Don't worry about being clever. Trust to hard work  perseverance and determination. And the best motto for a long march is  "Don't grumble. Plug on!"
Jacqueline Fernandez|Never stay in a bad marriage, and don't hang around with psycho coke fiends.
William Manchee, Go Broke, Die Rich: Turning Around the Troubled Small Business|Many small businesses are doomed from day one, not from competition or the economy, but from the ignorance of their owners . . . their destiny is already decided because they have no idea how a business should be operated.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|Love is always patient and kind. It is never jealous. Love is never boastful or conceited. It is never rude or selfish. It does not take offense and is not resentful. Love takes no pleasure in other people’s sins, but delights in the truth. It is always ready to excuse, to trust, to hope, and to endure whatever comes.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|A lack of real love for ourselves is one of the most constricting, painful conditions we can know.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The road to enlightenment requires a life dedicated to self-study, accepting the minor tragedies of life as an ineluctable part of the human condition.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|Despite all of the time he spent in Big Heart's, Wilson had never come to understand the social lives of Indians. He did not know that, in the Indian world, there is not much social difference between a rich Indian and a poor one. Generally speaking, Indian is Indian. A few who gain wealth and power as lawyers, businessmen, artists, or doctors may marry white people and keep only white friends, but generally Indians of different classes interact freely with one another. Most unemployed or working poor, some with good jobs and steady incomes, but all mixing together. Wilson also did not realize how tribal distinctions were much more important than economic ones. The rich and poor Spokanes may hang out together, but that doesn't necessarily mean the Spokanes are friendly with the Lakota or Navajo or any other tribe. The Sioux still distrust the Crow because they served as scouts for Custer. Hardly anybody likes the Pawnee. Most important, though, Wilson did not understand that the white people who pretend to be Indian are gently teased, ignored, plainly ridiculed, or beaten, depending on their degree of whiteness.
Taylor Keys, Double Bubble Boil and Trouble|There are many of us who live alongside others, less fortunate, watching them go through everyday suffering for one reason or another, and weâ€™re not moving even our little finger to help them. Itâ€™s in human nature, unfortunately: for the most part, the only people we genuinely care about are ourselves. However, once in a while we encounter different species, different kind of human beings among us: full of compassion, willing and wanting to help, and doing so with joy and happiness. Those are a rarity. But you know what, my dear? Being one of them is not a special calling- itâ€™s a choice. So what will you choose, huh?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There is always something worse, limit thinking about worse things and concentrate on the best things.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Can it be true that freedom only exists when it is a treasure, shared by all?
G.S. Jennsen, Relativity|Well, bugger me," cried Jonas when he saw Richie with his bow, "is it Robin Hood or Adam Bell come to save us? Nay, it's Richie O'the Bow, hero of ballad and song!
Anne Lamott, Stitches: A Handbook on Meaning, Hope, and Repair|When we see others cry it is difficult, not because of feeling their pain, but your own.
Debasish Mridha|If we learn to love each other and care, enduring peace will fill the world to share.
Dave Eggers|He must trust, and he must have faith. And so he builds, because what is building, and rebuilding and rebuilding again, but an act of faith?
Dee Hock|All things are within the Circle. That is the very Center of what we believe. If all things are not enclosed, then there is no Circle.
Alan King|I hate birthdays. I hate birthday parties. I hate them. I don't know what it is, anybody's only got to come wafting near me with a piece of cake with a candle on and I break out in hives.
Plato|But I do care. I hate myself for it, but I can’t fight this desperate need to try. Try to fit in. Try to make this school experience different than all the previous ones.
Cindy Timmers|You can ask others for directions about your life's path...But remember, then you're on someone else's journey and may get lost. Search for your path within.
George Berkeley|When we say 'less fortunate,' we generally mean the poor rather than the disabled, who actually are less fortunate. In truth, the poor are generally 'less fortunate' only in terms of genetics. They are certainly not less fortunate in the amount of help they receive.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|When we read books or acquire information about personal development even when we are mentally, emotionally, spiritually and/or physically healthy, we accumulate the personal inner tools that can save our minds from the negative consequences of a bad day.
Cass van Krah|And then eventually you wake up, fully rested, ready to fly again :)
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Uncommon success is found on the spiritual plane; you can't get there through common convention or following others. Hard work is not enough; many work slavishly-hard for little reward. Intelligence is insufficient; how many educated and brilliant people there are who fail utterly and completely. Goodness is not enough; how many meek and good souls are tilled into the earth like manure by demigods to fertilize their golden crops. There is something more — it is the unseen essential, and everyone has access to it.
Daniel Prokop, Leaving Neverland: Why Little Boys Shouldn't Run Big Corporations|I never meet a ragged boy in the street without feeling that i may owe him a salute, for I know not what possibilities may be buttoned up under his coat.
Peter Sagal, The Book of Vice: Very Naughty Things|I thought we were going to take a 20-mule team out to the Grand Canyon and get a Bunsen burner and a bow and arrow, and whatever you can catch you cook. And it’s gotta be gourmet and it better look good.
|The true meaning of your life doesn't lie in your experiences, but in your frequent positive interpretations of your past and present.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Percy?" Annabeth gripped his arm."Oh, bad," he muttered. "Bad. Bad." He looked across the table at Frank and Hazel. "You guys remember Polybotes?""The giant who invaded Camp Jupiter," Hazel said. "The anti-Poseidon you whacked in the head with a Terminus statue. Yes, I think I remember
Charles Fishman, The Wal-Mart Effect: How the World's Most Powerful Company Really Works - and How It's Transforming the American Economy|For all the folks whose job it was to be ready for [Hurricane] Katrina, but who weren't, from the Oval Office, right down the chain of command to the New Orleans police department, Wal-Mart was a vivid reproach.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|For thousands of years, the dumb, uncivilized, stone-age society has reduced women to mere prizes to be won, objects to be shown off, and playthings to be abused and toyed with. Now is the time to stop this primitive madness.
Tim Kaine|The faith religious believers have in God is small compared to the faith people put in politicians, knowing how many times they have been disappointed in the past but still insisting that this time it will be different.
Roger Ascham|In mine opinion, love is fitter than fear, gentleness better than beating, to bring up a child rightly in learning.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Life is politics, you do it or it does you
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|I hope people of the future will remember my books for being burned, and I challenge an elite few to imagine the embers of the last copy.
Tanya Masse|My God,” she says. “I feel like I’ve gone through a car wash.”I laugh, or force myself to, because it’s not something I’d normally laugh at.“What about you?” she says to Scottie. “How did you make out?”“I’m a boy,” Scottie says. “Look at me.”Sand has gotten into the bottom of her suit, creating a huge bulge. She scratches at the bulge. “I’m going to go to work now,” she says. I think she’s impersonating me and that Mrs. Speer is getting an unrealistic, humiliating glimpse.“Scottie,” I say. “Take that out.”“It must be fun to have girls,” Mrs. Speer says.She looks at the ocean, and I see that she’s looking at Alex sunbathing on the floating raft. Sid leans over Alex and puts his mouth to hers. She raises a hand to his head, and for a moment I forget it’s my daughter out there and think of how long it has been since I’ve been kissed or kissed like that.“Or maybe you have your hands full,” Mrs. Speer says.“No, no,” I say. “It’s great,” and it is, I suppose, though I feel like I’ve just acquired them and don’t know yet. “They’ve been together for ages.” I gesture to Alex and Sid. I don’t understand if they’re a couple or if this is how all kids in high school act these days.Mrs. Speer looks at me curiously, as if she’s about to say something, but she doesn’t.“And boys.” I gesture to her little dorks. “They must keep you busy.”“They’re a handful. But they’re at such a fun age. It’s such a joy.”She gazes out at her boys. Her expression does little to convince me that they’re such a joy. I wonder how many times parents have these dull conversations with one another and how much they must hide. They’re so goddamn hyper, I’d do anything to inject them with a horse tranquilizer. They keep insisting that I watch what they can do, but I truly don’t give a fuck. How hard is it to jump off a diving board?My girls are messed up, I want to say. One talks dirty to her own reflection. Did you do that when you were growing up?“Your girls seem great, too,” she says. “How old are they?”“Ten and eighteen. And yours?”“Ten and twelve.”“Oh,” I say. “Great.”“Your younger one sure is funny,” she says. “I mean, not funny. I meant entertaining.”“Oh, yeah. That’s Scottie. She’s a riot.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|The striking thing is that WHO doesn't really have the authority to do any of this. It can't tell governments what to do. It hires no vaccinators, distributes no vaccine. It is a small Geneva bureaucracy run by several hundred international delegates whose annual votes tell the organization what to do but not how to do it.…The only substantial resource that WHO has cultivated is information and expertise.
B.H. Liddell Hart|The historian's rightful task is to distil experience as a medicinal warning for the future generations, not to distil a drug.
Katherine McIntyre, Forged Alliances|Lately I have come to believe that an as yet undiscovered human need and even a property of matter is the desire for revelation. The truth within us has a way of coming out despite all conscious efforts to conceal it. I have heard stories from those in the generation after the war, all speaking of the same struggle to ferret truth from the silence of their parents so that they themselves could begin to live.
|whenever we stop doing something, we start doing anything
Leigh Brackett|Witchcraft to the ignorant, .... Simple science to the learned.
J. Daniel Atlas now you see me|Filmmaking isn’t if you can just strap on a camera onto an actor, and steadicam, and point it at their face, and follow them through the movie, that is not what moviemaking is, that is not what it’s about. It’s not just about getting a performance. It’s also about the psychology of the cinematic moment, and the psychology of the presentation of that, of that window.
Saint Augustine|We must exercise ourselves in the things which bring happiness, since, if that be present, we have everything, and, if that be absent, all our actions are directed toward attaining it.
Trudi Trueit, Julep O'Toole: Confessions of a Middle Child|It may hurt today, but it will get better. Time passes, and people forget. It won't be long before you'll be able to look back on everything that happened today and laugh.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|Self-interest, fear of physical pain, drove him to that grotesque act of self-abasement. Its insincerity was clearly to be seen. He ceases to be a wrongdoer. He ceases also to be a creature capable of moral choice.
Erin Fal Haskell|To the extent to which your consciousness is limited or expanded, is the extent to which you experience being divided or divine.
Frantz Fanon, Black Skin, White Masks|...There are too many idiots in this world. And having said it, I have the burden of proving it.
Anna Jae|Many a month of gloomy unconsciousness rolled over me, without date or notice. One thousand waves may welter over a sunk wreck, and be felt as one.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|Well here we are, just the four of us that started out together,' said Merry. 'We have left all the rest behind, one after another. It seems almost like a dream that has slowly faded.''Not to me,' said Frodo. 'To me it feels more like falling asleep again.
John Muir|Tell me what you do with the food you eat, and I'll tell you who you are. Some turn their food into fat and manure, some into work and good humour, and others, I'm told, into God. So there must be three sorts of men.
Terrence Alonzo Craft, The Seed Bridge: Collected Poems|I used to hold you as my everything,And so I built my castles in your lands,But you proved to me your inadequacies,With this, how will my castles stand?
Louise Philippe Dulay|There's more than what the eye can see, the heart can love, and the brain can understand.
Michael Marshall, The Straw Men|Beware! Abstain from shedding blood without a valid cause. There is nothing more harmful than this which brings about one’s ruin. The blood that is willfully shed shortens the life of a state. On the Day of Judgement it is this crime for which one will have to answer first. So, beware! Do not wish to build the strength of your state on blood for, it is this blood which ultimately weakens the state and passes it into other hands. Before me and my God no excuse for willful killing can be entertained.
Jean Kilbourne, Can't Buy My Love: How Advertising Changes the Way We Think and Feel|Indeed the very worst kind of man for a women to be in an intimate relationship with, often a truly dangerous man, is the one considered most sexy and desirable in the popular culture.
Rebecca Brooks, How to Fall|His height forced her to stand on her toes. For a woman who’d been taller than most of the boys in her class in high school, that particular physical trait provoked a flurry of sensual images to flash through her mind. Sex against a wall. It was a possibility. And given the breadth of his shoulders, she imagined he’d hold her up just fine. Oh, glorious day.
Maya Angelou|When we lose one blessing, another is often most unexpectedly given in its place.
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|You look at me with them eyes of yers, an I look at yer lips... an all I can think about is what it'ud be like to kiss you.
Criss Jami, Healology|Christ didn't join in. He saw which direction the rocks were being thrown, and became a shield.
Benjamin Malachi Franklin|The WeaverMy life is but a weavingbetween my Lord and me;I cannot choose the colorsHe worketh steadily.Oft times He weaveth sorrowAnd I, in foolish pride,Forget He sees the upper,And I the underside.Not til the loom is silentAnd the shuttles cease to fly,Shall God unroll the canvasAnd explain the reason why.The dark threads are as needfulIn the Weaver's skillful hand,As the threads of gold and silverIn the pattern He has planned.
Alexandra Bracken, The Darkest Minds|I had the strangest feeling-like I had lost something without ever really having it in the first place-that i wasn't what I once was, and wasn't at all what I was meant to be.
John Hawkins, 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know|If success were easy, everybody would do it. Because it’s not, you have the opportunity to distinguish yourself by solving problems. The more problems you solve, the more success you’ll have in life.Then, once you’re successful, you won’t have any more problems, right? Wrong. But if you’re lucky, you’ll have a better class of problems.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|When our eyes met, I felt your intake of breath. I knew then I wasn't alone in my feelings. You were trying to hold on to normalcy as much as me. But baby, what we felt was anything but normal. The damn planet stopped moving... and it didn't start up again until you reached out and touched me.
Debasish Mridha|Never forget to be yourself, and never forget the purpose of your life.
Wilkie Martin, Inspector Hobbes and the Curse|Love may be on the horizon, but beware something wicked this way comes.
Jean Paul|Every one in the world ought to do the things for which he is specially adapted. It is the part of wisdom to recognize what each one of us is best fitted for, and it is the part of education to perfect and utilize such predispositions. Because education can direct and aid nature but can never transform her.
Henry Rollins|Because we imagine, we can have invention and technology. It's actually play, not necessity, that is the mother of invention.
Toba Beta|If you want to find wilier race by common sense, then you have just narrowed your searching area.
Tim Berners-Lee|When it comes to social media, there are just times I turn off the world, you know. There are just some times you have to give yourself space to be quiet, which means you've got to set those phones down.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|Where your heart is, there is your love.
John             Lewis, Walking with the Wind: A Memoir of the Movement|Donald Trump is nuts, his party is chock full of nuts too, and that is bad news for Americans with a nut allergy.
George Eliot, Adam Bede|There is one order of beauty which seems made to turn heads. It is a beauty like that of kittens, or very small downy ducks making gentle rippling noises with their soft bills, or babies just beginning to toddle.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|Adversity has its compensations, that in falling, and in failing, we rise. It is as if there is a hand behind us that sets to right all imbalances. Why do you think the saints seldom had the temporal power that we mistakenly identify with the fruits of justice? Do you think they needed it, or cared?
Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves|In the end Navidson is left with one page and one match. For a long time he waits in darkness and cold, postponing this final bit of illumination. At last though, he grips the match by the neck and after locating the friction strip sparks to life a final ball of light.First, he reads a few lines by match light and then as the heat bites his fingertips he applies the flame to the page. Here then is one end: a final act of reading, a final act of consumption. And as the fire rapidly devours the paper, Navidson's eyes frantically sweep down over the text, keeping just ahead of the necessary immolation, until as he reaches the last few words, flames lick around his hands, ash peels off into the surrounding emptiness, and then as the fire retreats, dimming, its light suddenly spent, the book is gone leaving nothing behind but invisible traces already dismantled in the dark.
Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton|Now an extraordinary and helpful fact is that by making Mind the object of our attention, not only does the serenity which is its nature begin to well up of its own accord but its steady unchanging character itself helps spontaneously to repel all disturbing thoughts.
John Stuart Mill, Considerations on Representative Government|Their faces were clay-coloured and featureless, yet not stupid; they might have been shrewd turnips.
John Eldredge, Love and War: Finding the Marriage You've Dreamed Of|We are created for adventure, and if we cannot find one, we start blowing things out of proportion so it feels like we have one.
Mark A. Cooper, The Edelweiss Express|Lucas couldn’t have imagined that he would have ever felt so alone. No family, no friends. Even his own village had turned against him. He peered into the icy water; it looked like it was about to freeze over. Maybe I should drown myself before I freeze to death? he pondered. Was there no one to help? He instinctively bowed his head and prayed. A warm feeling engulfed his battered body. “I’m not alone, I will never be alone. God is with me,” he blubbered.
Michelle Obama|Trust your gut instinct over spreadsheets. There are too many variables in the real world that you simply can't put into a spreadsheet. Spreadsheets spit out results from your inexact assumptions and give you a false sense of security. In most cases, your heart and gut are still your best guide.
Tove Jansson, Finn Family Moomintroll|If I had one night, I'd hold you in my arms,Find redemption, no more contention,Keeping you close. Too long, years gone,Wasted away. One night, our night,Remember this. I won't forget you,No I won't forget you.—Red-Eyed Loons
David Loades, Elizabeth I|Elizabeth's whole style of rule was pragmatic and free from preconceptions. It was not that she had no strategic aims, but they were broad and simple. God had entrusted her with three things: a realm to defend; a church to lead in the true way; and a people to protect, both against foreign enemies and against themselves.
Val Uchendu|Celebrate differences, give love, and more love. Anything short is a rigidity that cuts both ways and spawns odium and ire
Christina Aguilera|Trust everybody, but cut the cards.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|Ravens are the birds I'll miss most when I die. If only the darkness into which we must look were composed of the black light of their limber intelligence. If only we did not have to die at all. Instead, become ravens.
Gabriel García Márquez, The General in His Labyrinth|No matter whom I'm with I'll always be alone," she said. And she added with a roguish touch: "Excellency.
G. Willow Wilson, Alif the Unseen|How dense and literal it is. I thought it had a much more sophisticated brain." "Your mother is dense," Alif said wearily. "My mother was an errant crest of sea foam. But that is neither here nor there.
Rabih Alameddine, An Unnecessary Woman|He had come to that moment in his age when there occurred to him, with increasing intensity, a question of such overwhelming simplicity that he had no means to face it. He found himself wondering if his life were worth the living; if it had ever been. It was a question, he suspected, that came to all men at one time or another; he wondered if it came to them with such impersonal force as it came to him. The question brought with it a sadness, but it was a general sadness which (he thought) had little to do with himself or with his particular fate; he was not even sure that the question sprang from the most immediate and obvious causes, from what his own life had become. It came, he believed, from the accretion of his years, from the density of accident and circumstance, and from what he had come to understand of them. He took a grim and ironic pleasure from the possibility that what little learning he had managed to acquire had led him to this knowledge: that in the long run all things, even the learning that let him know this, were futile and empty, and at last diminished into a nothingness they did not alter.
Charlotte Eriksson, You're Doing Just Fine|I am not a broken heart,and I am not your fault.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Where's Simon?" Clary interrupted.Isabelle wobbled. "He's a rat," she said darkly.Did he do something to you?" Alec was full of brotherly concern. "Did he touch you? If he tried anything-""She's drunk," said Jace, beginning to turn away in disgust.I'm not," Isabelle said indignantly. "Well, maybe a little, but that's not the point. The point is, Simon drank one of those blue drinks- I told him not to, but he didn't listen- and he turned into a rat.
Akshay Vasu|Oh, you are mad!" she exclaimed, quite out of patience."Possibly. But I like my madness.
Amy Jarecki, The Highland Henchman|As he looked at her, she felt that flood of restlessness that she now knew was called desire.
Herbert M. Shelton, Getting Well|You are free to choose your own way of life, but you are not free to choose the results. 
Galileo Galilei|Measure what can be measured, and make measurable what cannot be measured.
Meia Geddes, Love Letters to the World|Maybe all you need to do is find the heartbeat in everything. And if writing is living, the discovery of the beat of a heart, then when you read me, you are living by my side.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Fire In You|Being happy is harder than being discontent. For happiness we have to roll up our sleeves and knock down houses of cards. Because of this exertion, many prefer to abide by ‘fake’ happiness.( " Happiness blowing in the wind. " )
George Carlin|Anybody who thinks there's nothing wrong with this world needs to have his head examined. Just when things are going all right, without fail someone or something will come along and spoil everything. Somebody should write that down as a fundamental law of the Universe. The principle of perpetual disappointment. If there is a God who created this world, he should scrap it and try again.
Mara Wilson|Despite the vigorous policy and legal debates surrounding same-sex marriage, there is little disagreement about this: If the United States Supreme Court holds that states must sanction same-sex marriage, then Florida's contrary laws must fall.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Having 'holy' thoughts, and doing bad deeds, such a lot are assholes indeed.
Alan Kinross, Longinus the Vampire|Elizabeth poured the brewskilicious foam over her aforementioned bodalicious huzza-huzzas and Wahwahzoozie." — Bats 2015
Aberjhani, Visions of a Skylark Dressed in Black|If I say your voice is an amber waterfall in which I yearn to burn each day, if you eat my mouth like a mystical rose with powers of healing and damnation, If I confess that your body is the only civilization I long to experience… would it mean that we are close to knowing something about love?
Suzanne Elizabeth Anderson, Waiting with God|By recalling God’s past provision, we can reassure ourselves that what He has done in the past, He will do again in the future.
Mehek Bassi|The energy you bring, positive or negative, dictates your perceptions, receptions and radiations.
Debolina|Sorry dear, i prefer cheap products not cheap people.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|By faith I accepted Him for what He claimed to be, the Son of the Living God. That simple decision changed my life—and I have seen it change the lives of countless others across the world.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|What we invent, we become
Mav Skye, Behind the Black Door|The image of May shoving the gun down her lace panty butt crack and drawing it like an old west cowboy is too much. Who are we? Who the fuck are we? Supergirls for real, that’s who.
S. Cisneros|My mother says when I get older my dusty hair will settle and my blouse will learn to stay clean, but I have decided not to grow up tame like the others who lay their necks on the threshold waiting for the ball and chain.In the movies there is always one with red lips who is beautiful and cruel. She is the one who drives the men crazy and laughs them all the away. He power is her own. She will not give it away. I have begun my own quiet war. Simple. Sure. I am the one who leaves the table like a man, without putting back the chair or picking up the plate.
Ronnie Milsap|You say he's childish, but he's very professional about business transactions.
Tupac Shakur, The Rose That Grew from Concrete|I know well that many of my readers do not think as I do. This also is most natural and confirms the theorem. For although my opinion turn out erroneous, there will always remain the fact that many of those dissentient readers have never given five minutes' thought to this complex matter. How are they going to think as I do? But by believing that they have a right to an opinion on the matter without previous effort to work one out for themselves, they prove patently that they belong to that absurd type of human being which I have called the "rebel mass." It is precisely what I mean by having one's soul obliterated, hermetically closed. Here it would be the special case of intellectual hermetism. The individual finds himself already with a stock of ideas. He decides to content himself with them and to consider himself intellectually complete.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|You should marry me", he said. "I will be good to you. I am not like these men. I have manners. You would see how kind I would be. I would never leave you. You could have an easy life.
Sovereign Voice|Speak it into existence and your words, through your desires, will bring it into fruition.
John le Carré, The Spy Who Came In from the Cold|We have to live without sympathy, don't we? That's impossible of course. We act it to one another, all this hardness; but we aren't like that really, I mean...one can't be out in the cold all the time; one has to come in from the cold...d'you see what I mean?
Irvine Welsh, The Acid House|This social worker lassie turns round n gies us a stroppy look. Ah jist smiles bit she looked away aw fuckin nippy likes. Disnae cost nowt tae be social. A social worker thit cannae be fuckin social; that's nae good tae nae cunt, thon. Like a lifeguard thit cannae fuckin swim. Shouldnae be daein that kinday joab.
Penny Simkin, The Birth Partner: A Complete Guide to Childbirth for Dads, Doulas, and All Other Labor Companions|I believe the message in the hymn “Rise Up, O Men of God” (Hymns, no. 324) is a plea, a call, a divine invitation for us to rise above the telestial tinsel of our time; to deny ourselves of ungodliness and clothe ourselves in the mantle of holiness; to reach and stretch and grasp for that spiritual direction and sacred empowerment promised to the Lord’s agents, to those charged to act in the name of our Principal, Jesus Christ; and to point the way to salvation and deliverance and peace in a world that finds itself enshrouded in darkness, a world that yearns for spiritual leadership.
Jeanette Winterson, Art and Lies|And myself? Observe me. There is something to be gained from my surface uses, and perhaps a little more from my lower depths, but my very bottom? That's where I am alone, the observer and the observed.
Anthony Liccione|The paper is my savior, the pen my blood, to words that shed my world.
William Shakespeare|for my grief's so greatThat no supporter but the huge firm earthCan hold it up: here I and sorrows sit;Here is my throne, bid kings come bow to it.(Constance, from King John, Act III, scene 1)
Sarah McLean, Soul-Centered: Transform Your Life in 8 Weeks with Meditation|When you are soul-centered, you can focus your attention where and when you want to, easily, without distraction. You know to look for what you want to see and experience. You know that what you seek you shall find, and what you focus on in life will be more prominent in your awareness. You know your awareness is powerful and creative." ~ Sarah McLean
Toni Morrison, The Bluest Eye|I also believe in cigarettes, cholesterol, alcohol, carbon monoxide, masturbation, the Arts Council, nuclear weapons, the Daily Telegraph, and not properly labeling fatal poisons, but above all else, most of all, I believe in the one thing that can come out of people's mouths: vomit.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Growth and empowerment requires reflection and facing the frightening, ugly, hard and unbearable reality.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Be the initiator of things you wish to see, but can’t see. Be the originator of things you wish you feel but can’t feel.
Laura Lam, Pantomime|I assumed I would be better off telling you about this, rather than waiting for the entire thing to blow up in my face.
Jon Fishman|But I do think that we approach music, in of itself, with a religious attitude.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|Skepticism can keep us from blessing, can keep us trapped in two minds.
Franz Kafka|Cats know how to obtain food without labor, shelter without confinement, and love without penalties.
Audrey Hepburn|Why change? Everyone has his own style. When you have found it, you should stick to it.
Priyanka Chopra|My mom and I had a kids' clothing store called Smooch for six years, and I did all the buying before I even had kids.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|You’re my wife, Suki. That gives me every right.
Angie Stone|My mom was always saying: 'Be whatever you want to be, but stick with it. Don't waver. Don't change who you are for anybody.'
David Shields|My father was a writer/director/producer, so instead of throwing a ball around, our bonding was going to see movies. And at an early age, I knew if I wanted to impress my dad, it was not going to be by throwing a ball real far.
Joss Whedon|I start off my morning with an Acai berry smoothie. I blend the Acai berries with kefir, blueberries, protein powder and peanut butter. I like this first thing in the morning because it's light on my stomach.
V.S. Carnes|She wondered how a man could look into a woman’s eyes and lie so completely, so convincingly. She wondered how he could have looked and not seen the love that had glowed there, the blind faith, the unconditional devotion. She wondered how he would sleep at night, knowing he had betrayed her so effortlessly.
Daniel Kehlmann|When shit becomes valuable, the poor will be born without assholes.
Saint Francis de Sales|Amongst the qualities a hero should have, I would include determination, loyalty, courage, perseverance, patience, focus, intrepidity and selflessness.
Hal Borland|Make New Year's goals. Dig within, and discover what you would like to have happen in your life this year. This helps you do your part. It is an affirmation that you're interested in fully living life in the year to come.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Today our world is mad in its obsession with pleasure, sex, and money. Its ear is too dull to hear the truth. Most men’s eyes are blind. They do not want to see. They do not want to hear. They hurry to their doom.
Francis Thompson|I am more and more convinced that man is a dangerous creature and that power, whether vested in many or a few, is ever grasping, and like the grave, cries, 'Give, give.'
Sophie Kinsella|I mean, I'm very serious with my kids about them comprehending the intricacies of global finance.
Kevin Smith|I guess you just feel like there's a whole story that's not being told in movies. You're only seeing the macho guy version of a story that from the woman's side, may be completely different.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Bright-Sided: How the Relentless Promotion of Positive Thinking Has Undermined America|But the economic meltdown should have undone, once and for all, the idea of poverty as a personal shortcoming or dysfunctional state of mind. The lines at unemployment offices and churches offering free food includes strivers as well as slackers, habitual optimists as well as the chronically depressed. When and if the economy recovers we can never allow ourselves to forget how widespread our vulnerability is, how easy it is to spiral down toward destitution.
Christina Engela, Blachart|When you're in a weak position, getting the best deal possible is a victory.
Jim Henson, It's Not Easy Being Green: And Other Things to Consider|I know that it's easier to portray a world that's filled with cynicism and anger, where problems are solved with violence. What's a whole lot tougher is to offer alternatives, to present other ways conflicts can be resolved, and to show that you can have a positive impact on your world. To do that, you have to put yourself out on a limb, take chances, and run the risk of being called a do-gooder.
Savannah Stuart, Power Unleashed|I don't know what this nice guy routine is, but I know who you are and why you're here so if you think you can seduce me for whatever reason, you're out of your mind. And you better not think you can try that crap with Shea, I will claw you to ribbons."	His emerald eyes darkened until they were practically black. He leaned closer until he was inches from her ear. She tried to ignore his earthy scent but found it impossible with his hot breath against her neck. "I do want to fuck you, long and hard, but not for any other reason that I want you. For the record, I haven't been with a woman - wolf or human - in over two decades.
Gail Caldwell, Let's Take the Long Way Home: A Memoir of Friendship|Maybe this is the point: to embrace the core sadness of life without toppling headlong into it, or assuming it will define your days.
Eric Burdon|Women always want to be what they're not: If you're the pretty girl, you want to be the quirky girl. If you're the smart girl, you want to be the pretty girl.
|I am alive because I am breathing, and I am breathing because God is great and merciful.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|I have not spent my time studying the problem of "race"—"race" itself is just a restatement and retrenchment of the problem. You see this from time to time when some dullard—usually believing himself white—proposes that the way forward is a grand orgy of black and white, ending only when we are all beige and thus the same "race." But a great number of "black" people already are beige. And the history of civilization is littered with dead "races" (Frankish, Italian, German, Irish) later abandoned because they no longer serve their purpose—the organization of people beneath, and beyond, the umbrella of rights.
Maya Angelou|This is a wonderful day, I have never seen this one before.
Georgette Heyer, Black Sheep|After the fire, when I'd tried to express my gratitude for their kindness to our customers, they'd been awkward, uncomfortable. My father had had to explain to me that giving thanks is not a common practice in India.'Then how do you know if people appreciated what you did?' I'd asked.'Do you really need to know?' my father had asked back.
Tamas Lakometzkometz|There's no short-cut to becoming strong. Even if you try to look strong on the outside, that thin layer will soon fall off.
John-Talmage Mathis, For the (Soon) Unemployed: You Against Them|The truth is, living in any society is difficult. Those who become desperate with a fractured sense of security are much more prone to being taken advantaged of.
Daniel Radcliffe|Repeat after me, Mr. Black: I do believe in commas. I do, I do.
Jeff Hobbs, The Short and Tragic Life of Robert Peace: A Brilliant Young Man Who Left Newark for the Ivy League|Unbeknownst to me, from the beginning of freshman year Rob and Oswaldo had been drawn away from Yale via their friends on the dining hall and custodial staffs, outward into the city of New Haven. Rob considered these excursions a much-needed dose of reality, the social equivalent of an antidepressant.
Virgina Alison|I am Angel. I am demon. I am woman. I am heaven and hell rolled into one.Kiss me passionately, let me taste your desire, feed my soul and your heaven becomes mine...Beget a maelstrom, feel the abyss shudder. hear the wails of anguish and my hell becomes yours...
Mike McCaul|There are going to be times when we disagree with our leadership, but ultimately, we've got to work hard to pull our leadership to the right and to move a conservative agenda forward and unite as conservatives if we're going to get things done.
Joey Lawsin, Creation by Law|The simple the process is, the smarter the system becomes.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|It’s highly refined stuff—holding to one’s purpose and focus, but also intuiting the value of being a piece in a larger design and evolution. The balance between these two rhythms is where and when true harmony is achieved and magic happens. Often, just the release of the obsession for personal preferences and to personally gain opens the door.
Kate McGahan, The Lizard from Rainbow Bridge: A True Tale of an Unexpected Angel|It’s the spark of love’s memory inside your heart that recognizes them and most of the time they recognize you too. That spark is the magnet that always brings us back to each other. Like glue, it binds us together with an invisible cord from lifetime to lifetime, soul mate to soul mate.
Sunday Adelaja|I believe we could both maintain growth and increase, both in quality and quantity
Theodore Dreiser, Sister Carrie|Many individuals are so constituted that their only thought is to obtain pleasure and shun responsibility. They would like, butterfly-like, to wing forever in a summer garden, flitting from flower to flower, and sipping honey for their sole delight. They have no feeling that any result which might flow from their action should concern them. They have no conception of the necessity of a well-organized society wherein all shall accept a certain quota of responsibility and all realize a reasonable amount of happiness. They think only of themselves because they have not yet been taught to think of society. For them pain and necessity are the great taskmasters. Laws are but the fences which circumscribe the sphere of their operations. When, after error, pain falls as a lash, they do not comprehend that their suffering is due to misbehavior. Many such an individual is so lashed by necessity and law that he falls fainting to the ground, dies hungry in the gutter or rotting in the jail and it never once flashes across his mind that he has been lashed only in so far as he has persisted in attempting to trespass the boundaries which necessity sets. A prisoner of fate, held enchained for his own delight, he does not know that the walls are tall, that the sentinels of life are forever pacing, musket in hand. He cannot perceive that all joy is within and not without. He must be for scaling the bounds of society, for overpowering the sentinel. When we hear the cries of the individual strung up by the thumbs, when we hear the ominous shot which marks the end of another victim who has thought to break loose, we may be sure that in another instance life has been misunderstood--we may be sure that society has been struggled against until death alone would stop the individual from contention and evil.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|...'you have to ask yourself though, who are we to stop a war?’I sigh, wishing that the glittering pinpricks above us were truly stars. It was rare to see any due to the endless cloud cover. ‘Who are we not to?’ I say, to no one in particular. If we weren’t willing to try, then what did that say about us? I try to ignore the pessimistic voice eating away at my thoughts. Change could start with a few, but real change needed thousands.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|If you don’t know your maker, you may travel miles to find your true self to no avail. Your maker knows you; to know yourself, know your maker!
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|The pressure of his touch through my jacket and my sweater was more assurance than any promise ever made to me. It was a touch that said, I have your back and I am here for you. If a girl wasn't careful, she could fall in love with a touch like that.
Jeffrey Eaton, Murder Becomes Manhattan|I don't know who you are," she thought, "but whoever you are, you're one hell of a player.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|No, she thought, putting together some of the pictures he had cut out - a refrigerator, a mowing machine, a gentleman in evening dress - children never forget. For this reason, it was so important what one said, and what one did, and it was a relief when they went to bed.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|And the night shall be filled with music, And the cares, that infest the day,Shall fold their tents like the Arabs,and silently steal away.
Liz Liaw|When troubles come into my life which burden my heart and my mind,I know that God will guide me by making his presence shine.
Ellen Bass|Is there such a thing as a life without any regrets? I’ve never believed so. We spend our lives aiming for happiness and fulfilment in work, in love and with our friends and family, and yet often our energy is spent lamenting bad boyfriends, wrong career turns, fallouts with friends and opportunities missed. Or is that just me? I admit I’m naturally a glass-half-empty kind of girl, but I know regrets are a burden to happiness and I’m trying to let go of them because I’ve learned that it’s all about choice. You can choose to turn regrets into lessons that change your future. Believe me when I say I’m really trying to do this. But the truth is, I’m failing. Because all I can think right now is: maybe I deserve it. Maybe this is my penance.
Anne Michaels, Fugitive Pieces|Any given moment—no matter how casual, how ordinary—is poised, full of gaping life.
Ivo Andrić, The Bridge on the Drina|The desire for sudden change and the thought of their realization by force often appears among men like a disease and gains ground mainly in young brains; only these brains do not think as they should, do not amount to anything in the end and the heads that think thus do not remain long on their shoulders. For it is not human desires that dispose and administer the things of this world. Desire is like a wind, it sifts the dust from one place to another, sometimes darkens the whole horizon, but in the end calms down and leaves the old and eternal picture of the world. Lasting deeds are realized on this earth only by God’s will, and man is only His humble and blind tool.
Marlene Van Niekerk, Agaat|I begin to learn there are certain things I shouldn't tell her. Like when we meet boys at Dorrian's and I give mine a blow job, or the time I messed around with a boy in the back near the bathrooms. Amy wants to be intimate with boys too, but to her this kind of conduct is slutty. I suppose it is. She, like most girls, including the Jennifers, has a different relationship to boys than I do. She engages in sexual acts with them if she wants, but from my vantage point it looks like she can take them or leave them if they are not just right. She considers whether she actually likes someone before she jumps into bed with him. She isn't wracked with anxiety when there aren't any boys around. And she doesn't need them to live, which is what it feels like for me.
Paulo Coelho|They spent days, nights, weeks and months talking, never accepting the fact that, good or bad, an idea only exists when someone tries to put it into practice
Steve Jurvetson|Widening the talent pipeline sufficiently will require a generational commitment to teaching math and science, providing technical training, and mentoring young people of all backgrounds so they understand the full range of possibilities that a career in technology affords.
David Rock, Your Brain at Work: Strategies for Overcoming Distraction, Regaining Focus, and Working Smarter All Day Long|Many great leaders understand intuitively that they need to work hard to create a sense of safety in others. In this way, great leaders are often humble leaders, thereby reducing the status threat. Great leaders provide clear expectations and talk a lot about the future, helping to increase certainty. Great leaders let others take charge and make decisions, increasing autonomy. Great leaders often have a strong presence, which comes from working hard to be authentic and real with other people, to create a sense of relatedness. And great leaders keep their promises, taking care to be perceived as fair.
Rebecca Berto, Converge|When I’d remember this night in weeks, months, or even years, it wouldn’t be the sex. Sex would fade and so would the need to be filled with him, but right now I felt him inscribe his soul around my chest, and the reminder would be there with every beat for as long as I lived.
Tracy March, Should've Said No|I came all prepared for a lapis show-and-tell, but you know more about it than I do."...	Lindsey gave him a pleading look and brushed her fingertips over the back of his hand, sending tingles up his arm. "Show me."...	"When it's cut and polished like this, it practically glows. Golden specks of pyrite dance across the blue, like stars in a denim sky.
Laurie Frankel, This is How It Always Is|He had a harder time helping her out though. He was asleep while she was doing stars. Without wings, he couldn't reach anyways. In the end though what he could give her was better than magic wands and magic frogs and magic lamps. Better and more magical. What he gave her was moral support and unconditional love. He promised to be there for her always, even times when the sky proved too vast and the night was dark because she couldn't kindle all the stars. He would light her way instead, he promised. He would be her Polaris, her celestial navigator, her astral guide. And whenever she cam back to Earth, Grumwald promised, he would be there, waiting.
Aaron Ciechanover|As a physician, I know many doctors want to utilize new technology, but they find the cost prohibitive.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|Tomorrow at seven o'clock a strange phenomenon will occur: the earth is going to sit on the moon. This has also been written about by the noted English chemist Wellington. I confess, I felt troubled at heart when I pictured to myself the extraordinary delicacy and fragility of the moon. For the moon is usually made in Hamburg, and made quite poorly. I'm surprised England doesn't pay attention to this. It's made by a lame cooper, and one can see that the fool understands nothing about the moon. He used tarred rope and a quantity of cheap olive oil, and that's why there's a terrible stench all over the earth, so that you have to hold your nose. And that's why the moon itself is such a delicate sphere that people can't live on it, and now only noses live there. And for the same reason, we can't see our own noses, for they're all in the moon.
Erin Kellison, Awakened by Fire|It'll all be over soon, and you can go back to ruling the world." She slid off her stool....	He watched her go. Felt unaccountably lonely.	"When did I stop ruling the world?" he called after her.
Graham Chapman|I had one friend with same-sex orientation, and Dana hadn't spoken to me since I asked her to describe her honeymoon in graphic detail—and then made vibrator noises.
John Gardner|Morality, for all the conditioning to which the human mind has been and is subjected, is always a personal choice in the last analysis.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Heavenly Father, thank you for the blessing that you bestow upon me daily.
Rubye Armorer, Bam Bam's Story: A Celebrated Life|If a society is to preserve stability and a degree of continuity, it must learn how to keep its adolescents from imposing their tastes, values, and fantasies on everyday life.
Cherry Hill, Making, Not Breaking: The First Year Under Saddle|The ten billion animals that are killed every year for meat and the virulent consequences of contemporary animal agricultural practices remain conspicuously absent from public discourse. How often have you seen media exposés on the violent treatment of farm animals and the corrupt practices of carnistic industry? Compare this with the amount of coverage afforded fluctuating gas prices or Hollywood fashion blunders. Most of us are more outraged over having to pay five cents more for a gallon of gas than over the fact that billions of animals, millions of humans, and the entire ecosystem are systematically exploited by an industry that profits from such gratuitous violence. And most of us know more about what the stars wore to the Oscars than we do about the animals we eat.
Juliet Castle|In a world of common nonsense, our best defence is common sense.
Jack Williamson, Darker Than You Think|But if a girl don't have her intuition, she don't got anything.
Joel Fuhrman|A high nutrient diet, if widely adopted, could bring millions of people in touch with true hunger, and stop the proliferation of obesity and preventable chronic disease.
Irwin Shaw, Short Stories: Five Decades|Now,' Elias said, 'if only I didn't have to go home to my lousy wife. I married her in 1929. A lot of things've changed since 1929.' He sighed. 'What's a woman?' he asked. 'A Woman is a trap.
Elvia Alvarado, Don't Be Afraid, Gringo|They [the church] wanted us to give food out to malnourished mothers and children, but they didn't want us to question why we were malnourished to begin with. They wanted us to grow vegetables on the tiny plots around our houses, but they didn't want us to question why we didn't have enough land to feed ourselves. [p. 16]
Leo Tolstoy, Resurrection|It is usually imagined that a thief, a murderer, a spy, a prostitute, acknowledging his profession as evil, is ashamed of it. But the contrary is true. People whom fate and their sin-mistakes have placed in a certain position, however false that position may be, form a view of life in general which makes their position seem good and admissible. In order to keep up their view of life, these people instinctively keep to the circle of those people who share their views of life and their own place in it. This surprises us, where the persons concerned are thieves, bragging about their dexterity, prostitutes vaunting their depravity, or murderers boasting of their cruelty. This surprises us only because the circle, the atmosphere in which these people live, is limited, and we are outside it. But can we not observe the same phenomenon which the rich boast of their wealth, i.e., robbery; the commanders in the army pride themselves on their victories, i.e., murder; and those in high places vaunt their power, i.e., violence? We do not see the perversion in the views of life held by these people, only because the circle formed by them is more extensive, and we ourselves are moving inside of it.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Where there's love, gossip won't strive or thrive.
Pema Chödrön, Comfortable with Uncertainty: 108 Teachings on Cultivating Fearlessness and Compassion|In sitting meditation, our practice is to watch our thoughts arise, label them "thinking", and return to the breath.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|In your quest for peace within, you follow several paths. Over a period of time, the path which is meant for you shows up just like the opening up of petals of a bud. Tread on it and make the world more beautiful!
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|How I would enjoy being told the novel is dead. How liberating to work in the margins, outside a central perception. You are the ghoul of literature.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|She ignores me, so I cup my hands over my mouth and do something I haven’t done in years— barnyard sounds.
Rick Yancey, The Infinite Sea|Onto his stomach. Then knees. Then hands. His elbows quivered, his wrists threatened to buckle under his own weight. Self-centered, stubborn, sentimental, childish, vain. I am humanity. Cynical, naive, kind, cruel, soft as down, hard as tungsten steel.I am humanityHe crawled.I am humanity.He fell.I am humanity.He got up.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Imagine a world without words! Imagine a world without thoughts! Imagine a world without actions! If one day, God should mute all words, thoughts and actions, the world will look so different! If we are privileged to have them, let us try as possible as we can to use them well, for life will be something without words, thought and actions!
John le Carre|I may not lead the most dramatic life, but in my brain it's 'War and Peace' everyday.
Barry López, Arctic Dreams|If there are men in this country big enough to own the government of the United States, they are going to own it; what we have to determine now is whether we are big enough, whether we are men enough, whether we are free enough, to take possession again of the government which is our own.
Kourtney Kardashian|I remember playing in my mom's closet with Kim as little girls - we had this game we played, I was Donna Karan, and she was my assistant, and I was really bossy.
Emmanuel Aghado|...the villagers had decided that 'practical' meant 'extremely magical and full of interesting objects' and had officially subtitled themselves, Winesap: A Pracktical Towne.
Pearl Zhu, CIO Master: Unleash the Digital Potential of It|Make the strategy a living thing, which can breathe life into people and the culture.
J. J. Watt|When I first ran for Congress, I went to my daughter Alexandra, who was going to be a senior in high school, and said: 'I have a chance to run. I may not win, but I'd be gone three nights a week. So, if you want me to stay, I'll be happy to.' And do you know what she said to me? 'Mother, get a life!'
Rasmenia Massoud, Human Detritus|Lucius didn’t believe in werewolves. He said that people were too horrible for any other monsters to exist, which he thought was a shame.
Giorgio Moroder|There's a difference between someone who's 'harsh' and someone who is 'hard.' Life was hard. You lived in the South, as my grandparents did, and you had to survive. That is hard. In order to respond to that, he had to become a hard man, with very hard rules, very hard discipline for himself, very hard days, hard work, et cetera.
Chuck Noll|For me at age 11, I had a pair of binoculars and looked up to the moon, and the moon wasn't just bigger, it was better. There were mountains and valleys and craters and shadows. And it came alive.
Debasish Mridha|For success, choice is more important than action.
Nicolas Chamfort|A poet ought not to pick nature's pocket. Let him borrow, and so borrow as to repay by the very act of borrowing. Examine nature accurately, but write from recollection, and trust more to the imagination than the memory.
Julie Garwood, Ransom|It was vertigo. A heady, insuperable longing to fall. We might also call vertigo the intoxication of the weak. Aware of his weakness, a man decides to give in rather than stand up to it. He is drunk with weakness, wishes to grow even weaker, wishes to fall down in the middle of the main square in front of everybody, wishes to be down, lower than down." -Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being, p. 76
Marv Wolfman, Batman: A Lonely Place of Dying|Life shifting, as life does
John Ortberg, Faith and Doubt|The greatest bloodbaths in the history of the human race were recorded in the twentieth century in countries that sought to eliminate God, worship, and faith.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Be a visionary, focused upon your ability to create your desires within your reality.
L.R.W. Lee|Most times problems are not solved with more money. It usually takes innovation." - L. R. W. Lee, Andy Smithson: Blast of the Dragon's Fury
James Patterson, School's Out—Forever|I have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires, rather than in attempting to satisfy them.
Christopher Hawke, Unnatural Truth|Good and evil has no passport; it speaks in different tongues, wears many skins, and exists everywhere, even in the same person
J.F. Kelly, A Woman's Pleasure|But giving up's easy. You know what's hard? To believe in your own worth, to know you've got something special in you even if nobody else can see it. Even when you can't.
Mercedes Lackey, The Fire Rose|Mister Cameron - I have read the unexpurgated Ovid, the love poems of Sappho, the Decameron in the original, and a great many texts in Greek and Latin histories that were not though fit for proper gentlemen to read, much less proper ladies. I know in precise detail what Caligula did to, and with, his sisters, and I can quote it to you in Latin or in my own translation if you wish. I am interested in historical truth, and truth in history is often unpleasant and distasteful to those of fine sensibility. I frankly doubt that you will produce anything to shock me. 
Unarine Ramaru|The true wealth of a man is not what's in his pocket, but what's in his heart.
Cynthia Leitich Smith, Geektastic: Stories from the Nerd Herd|...I've never really had a party before.""Why did you have one now?" I say, just to keep him talking.He gives a half laugh. "I thought if I had a party, you would come.
Timothy J. Keller, Encounters with Jesus: Unexpected Answers to Life's Biggest Questions|All normative judgments about worship must be avoided. Attempts to use biblicism as a guideline, as we shall see, tend to be abandoned in the course of time or lead to biblicism of only certain portions of scripture. After all, there is more biblical authority for snake handling (Mark 16:18) than there is for confirmation! Historically, attempts to deduce norms for worship from scripture fail because the Bible was not written for such a purpose.
Marilyn Hacker|I went to boarding school in the country, so there's no real differentiation between family and friends. I went there from when I was 8 until I was 17 - it was insane. If you earn my friendship, you are my family, and I'll do anything for you.
Lois McMaster Bujold, A Civil Campaign|You? I know you! You trust beyond reason."She met his eyes steadily. "Yes. It's how I get results beyond hope. As you may recall.
මාර්ටින් වික්‍රමසිංහ, Yuganthaya|The few people who work earnestly are those who want to accumulate wealth. They are born with exceptional ability and a drive to reach the top. Even if they life as a worker, they become very wealthy. Had their needs been met at the beginning, they would never have acquired the capacity for hard work and commitment. Why is it that rich men's children fail within two or three generations?
Mary Ellen Mark|Reagan never cottoned to dictators. He was pure in this notion in a true belief that democracy was the best solution in the world because it spoke to people's hopes and dreams and aspirations, freedom of religion, freedom of speech, freedom of speech.
Tsugumi Ohba, Death Note, Vol. 3: Hard Run|Whatever the reason, too many are no longer willing to call evil by its name. There is no vision. And when there is no vision, the people perish.
Rollo May, The Courage to Create|[Epilepsy] gave her an adversity to fight against. It had shaped her personality, the need to be careful and secretive, and the ability to see things a bit differently from the neurotypical. She granted that this feeling of having a broken brain that required her to be sensitive, to look always inward to survive, might be why she turned artist.
Mike Klepper|How many times has our conscience firmly prompted us to ‘draw the line,’ and we showed up with an eraser?
Brooke Bida|Government in its infancy had no regular and permanent form. For want of a sufficient fund of philosophy and experience, men could see no further than the present inconveniences, and never thought of providing remedies for future ones, but in proportion as they arose.
Kiersten White, Supernaturally|Jack might look my age, but he was like a little kid on a sugar high --- in need of a good spanking. --- Good heavens, that sounded creepy.
Habeeb Akande|Getting married is easy, having sex is easier, but findings someone who can stimulate your mind and make love to your soul, that is rare.
Sunday Adelaja|If you have never planted, then you cannot expect a great harvest
Sam Harris, Waking Up: A Guide to Spirituality Without Religion|It would not be too strong to say that I felt sane for the first time in my life. And yet the change in my consciousness seemed entirely straightforward. I was simply talking to my friend—about what, I don’t recall—and realized that I had ceased to be concerned about myself. I was no longer anxious, self-critical, guarded by irony, in competition, avoiding embarrassment, ruminating about the past and future, or making any other gesture of thought or attention that separated me from him. I was no longer watching myself through another person’s eyes.
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|PART 2 I felt doomed to death,But in a flash, Before I could reduce my thoughts To an emotion, I felt a mass leave my body:Departing. Then my mind becomes anonymous As is each night. Just unfinished thoughts, and a deep sickness inside,As I was forced to swallow it, Something I've tried to bury deep inside mypsyche to this day. (poem written by alter personality)
Jeffrey Tucker|The late eighties was a good vintage. ID was not yet fashionable so a lot of people were doing it for the right reasons - to make good design, not become stars.
Sanober  Khan|Forgive me," he said in a hard voice. "My heart is breaking over here. I'm doing the best I can.
John Piper, Esther|But Jesus looked at them and said, "With men, it is impossible. But not with God. With God, all things are possible.
Neil Leckman|Remember never to text and drive, it's bad grammar, even if you have a deadline. You might cross the line and dead may be your destination. Think about it!!
Izey Victoria Odiase|I love my story. Sure it's been difficult, but it's the story that got me here, the reason I am who I am.
Hilary Mantel, The Assassination of Margaret Thatcher|As an author the question I get asked the most is, “why do you write?” My knee jerk response is, “Because I love it,” which is true, but not the whole truth. So here is my revised response to that question; “I write for the thirteen year old me who hated reading and craved something different than the boring literature I was forced to read for school. I write to see something I want to read exist in the world. I write because it becomes unbearable to hold so many stories in my head without a way to express them, but most importantly, I write to be true to myself.
Jeffrey Tucker, It's a Jetsons World: Private Miracles and Public Crimes|As regards the social apparatus of repression and coercion, the government, there cannot be any question of freedom. Government is essentially the negation of liberty. It is the recourse to violence or threat of violence in order to make all people obey the orders of the government, whether they like it or not. As far as the government’s jurisdiction extends, there is coercion, not freedom. Government is a necessary institution, the means to make the social system of cooperation work smoothly without being disturbed by violent acts on the part of gangsters whether of domestic or of foreign origin. Government is not, as some people like to say, a necessary evil; it is not an evil, but a means, the only means available to make peaceful human coexistence possible. But it is the opposite of liberty. It is beating, imprisoning, hanging. Whatever a government does it is ultimately supported by the actions of armed constables.
Irvin D. Yalom, Momma and the Meaning of Life: Tales of Psychotherapy|I hate it that she has so insinuated herself into the interstices of my mind that I can never root her out. And most of all, I hate that at the end of my life I feel compelled to ask, "How'd I do, Mama?".
Willa Cather, Not Under Forty|There is no such thing as self-awareness. Imagine thought retreating into itself to think about itself. It would be easier to imagine a revolver bullet extracting itself from its victim's wound and re-entering the barrel. Yes, it would be easier to imagine the universe's explosion suddenly halting its outflow of energy, so that the galaxies congeal once more, and the millions of light-years of their flight through space are immediately annulled.
Natalie Pace, The ABCs of Money|A Debt Problem Is, At Its Core, a Budgeting Problem.
Aleksandra Ninkovic|If you truly love someone, have the faith to 'let them go.' Encourage them to be the fullest measure of themselves, and you will be overwhelmed by the love that your spouse returns to you.
Heda Margolius Kovály, Under a Cruel Star: A Life in Prague, 1941-1968|...Having felt the piercing gash of grief and lived through it, having loved to the brink of brokenness, and having learned the difference between friendship and frivolity, one eventually takes a conscious step through the invisible membrane that separates hubris from humility...
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|If you see an injustice, and don’t move to right it when you have a chance, history won’t forget that, either.
Martin Jacques|There is a limit to the application of democratic methods. You can inquire of all the passengers as to what type of car they like to ride in, but it is impossible to question them as to whether to apply the brakes when the train is at full speed and accident threatens.
C. J. Milbrandt|Freydolf worried that the stone might have been [stolen], but he finally found it safe and sound in one of the many drawers that were better for losing things than organizing them.
Criss Jami, Healology|You can receive all the compliments in the world, but that won't do a thing unless you believe it yourself.
J.R.R. Tolkien|You're right," Early said. "Those are two different things.""What are?", I asked, surprised that he thought I was right about ANYTHING."Dying and sleeping. A person should be able to do one without the other sneaking up on him.
Dan Gilbert|In today's world, social media, people get judged so much by the last thing that happened, I almost feel, in a way, young people get to see that not only is it OK to fail - that's the way you get to championship success, whether it's sports or business or life.
Sophia Bush|Growing up human is uniquely a matter of social relations rather than biology. What we learn from connections within the family takes the place of instincts that program the behavior of animals; which raises the question, how good are these connections?
Emily Murdoch, If You Find Me|I take my hand back, like a leaf letting go. It hurts too much to hang on. So why does it hurt so much to let go?
Osazee Williams Omoregie, Life Unleashed|By posing climate change as a battle between capitalism and the planet, I am not saying anything that we don't already know. the battle is already under way, but right now capitalism is winning hands down. it wins every time the need for economic growth is used as the excuse for putting off climate action yet again, of for breaking emission reduction commitments already made. it wins when Greeks are told that their only path out of economic crises is to open up their beautiful seas to high-risk oil and gas drilling. it wins when Canadians are told our only hope of not ending unlike Greece is to allow our boreal forests to be flayed so we can access the semisolid bitumen from the Alberta tar sands . it wins when a park in Istanbul is slotted for demolition to make way for yet another shopping mall. it wins when parents in Beijing are told that sending their wheezing kids to school in pollution masks decorated to look like cute cartoon characters is an acceptable price for economic progress. it wins every time we accept that we have only bad choices available to us: austerity or extraction, poisoning or poverty.
Trevor Meldal-Johnsen, Always: A Love Story|Deep down Kelly, I think you want me here. I think you’re too damn scared to admit you need me. And I think I’m the only one who will understand the truth.
Heraline|You're too far for my hands to hold you, but too near for my heart to love you.
Jandy Nelson, I'll Give You the Sun|The sky's gone blue: azure, the ocean bluer: cerulean, the trees are swirls of every hella freaking green on earth and bright thick eggy yellow is spilling over everything.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road: the Original Scroll|Now all my tales are based on the fundemental premise that common human laws and interests and emotions have no validity or significance in the vast cosmos-at-large.... To achieve the essence of real externality, whether of time or space or dimension, one must forget that such things as organic life, good and evil, love and hate, and all such local attributes of a negligible and temporary race called mankind, have any existence at all.
Priya Ardis, Ever My Merlin|Do you think we can be friends?” I asked.He stared up at the ceiling. “Probably not, but we can pretend.
Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake|I was stunned. I pulled the phone away and looked quizzically at the hole-punched speaker. Aside from the blood obligation to be my sister's maid of honor, it had never occured to me that I would get asked to be in anyone's wedding. I thought we had reached an understanding, the institution of marriage and I. Weddings are the like the triathlon of female friendship: the Shower, the Bachelorette Party, and the Main Event. It's the Iron Woman and most people never make it through. They fall off their bikes or choke on ocean water. I figured if I valued my life, I'd stay away from weddings and they'd stay away from me.
Denis Diderot|Do you see this egg? With this you can topple every theological theory, every church or temple in the world.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you, therefore, must be numbered among the great, you too must run for your life.
Carrie Mesrobian, Sex & Violence|... I believe strongly in condoms. They avert babies and disease. They make you seem responsible, not slutty. They make the girl relax too, because you’re taking care of the risky part. Like you’re a professional. Roll it on, squeeze the tip, turn back to her, ready, set go. Like I’d just done a little disappearing act on myself and became something confident and wonderful. You can’t see through my latex disguise! You will love this so let’s get down! You don’t want to know how many times this worked in my favor.God I feel like a fucking asshole sometimes. All the time, really.
George Eliot, The Mill on the Floss|Love gives insight, Maggie, and insight often gives foreboding. Listen to me, let me supply you with books; do let me see you sometimes, be your brother and teacher, as you said at Lorton. It is less wrong that you should see me than that you should be committing this long suicide.
Giorgio Bassani|She could sense it very clearly: for me, no less than for her, the past counted far more than the present, remembering something far more than possessing it. Compared to memory, every possession can only ever seem disappointing, banal, inadequate ... She understood me so well! My anxiety that the present 'immediately' turned into the past so that I could love it and dream about it at leisure was just like hers, was identical. It was 'our' vice, this: to go forwards with our heads forever turned back.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|He lived like a devil and died like a saint. Life is paradoxical, but I believe that I could also be the person I am today, if life would have cut me with happiness, instead of pain. I would be the same. I didn’t need the pain to grow, or be who I really am inside of me. Because life, life cuts you like a precious stone and shows the brilliance of your essence…but maybe we can learn also with joy and happiness, and turn into the same persons, just happier. We don’t need pain to learn
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Who says you cannot hold the moon in your hand?Tonight when the stars come out and the moon rises in the velvet sky, look outside your window, then raise your hand and position your fingers around the disk of light.There you go . . . That was easy!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Jesus invited us not to a picnic, but to a pilgrimage; not to a frolic, but to a fight. He offered us not an excursion, but an execution.
Dave Isay, All There Is: Love Stories from StoryCorps|And it feels good to feel young with you, and at the same time to grow old with you. And it's all those things together at the same moment.
Bill Gates|When Rumsfeld gets up on television and says we have definitive intelligence that al Qaeda is working with Iraq, how is an ordinary citizen supposed to react? They won't tell you the evidence, and when anyone asks, they say, 'Well, you know: It's secret.'
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Time is manmade! It is simply an invention! Believe it or not, time only exists here on earth for us humans.
Tessa Dare, Romancing the Duke|See that's where you're wrong baby. When you find your man, it's almost too easy. Gettin' married and havin' a mortgage, kids and a business to run and findin' a way to stay in love day in day out, that's the tougher part. But the beginning'… that parts easy as pie. That's why they call it fallin' because it happens before you have time to stop yourself.
George Alexiou|As you change your point of view, your views bring about a change in you.
Sanchit Gupta, The Tree with a Thousand Apples|They want a hero to worship, and a villain to condemn. They have found their villain today, and they would cherish it for as long as they can, till another one comes along.
Glen David Gold|We know how ninety-nine percent of the universe works," he told Carter shortly after they met, "and that's the clockworks, that's what we build with. But the other one percent makes the clockworks wind down. That's inertia. No one knows how that works, but it does. It's that one percent mystery that's the way of our maker. Put everything together, energy and inertia, the explicable and the inexplicable, and that's how you and I make our living.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The greatest need in the world is the transformation of human nature. We need a new heart that will not have lust and greed and hate in it. We need a heart filled with love and peace and joy, and that is why Jesus came into the world.
G.J|This is an organic religion. A religion of the people from heart to heart; a faith that finds the presence of the Divine within life, and nature, and ourselves. We don't have teachers and books because we are our own teachers, and our book is the sacred book of the Earth. We believe that we can connect with the God and Goddess and hear their voices, receive their inspiration directly and take responsibility for our own actions, without the intermediary of a pope or rabbi. We have a loose set of beliefs and morals and a ritual structure that is common to all Wiccans, but there is room for creativity and deep mystical experiences. This is a faith with roots as old as the earth. --Meri Fowler
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We say, “Happy are the clever, for they shall inherit the admiration of their friends”; “Happy are the aggressive, for they shall inherit a career”; “Happy are the rich, for they shall inherit a world of friendsand a house full of modern gadgets.” Jesus said, “[Happy] are the meek; for they shallinherit the earth” [see Matthew 5:5]. If we want the secret of happiness . . ."meekness” is a basic key.
Sandra Vischer, Unliving the Dream|With each stride, I realize I'm not so emotionally overwhelmed anymore. A sense of purpose and fulfillment has replaced my feelings of helplessness.
Kurtis Blow|I'm not a fan of musicals at all, but I do think 'The Nightmare Before Christmas' is a very good. I always thought 'Walk the Line' was very good, too. I was in 'Nowhere Boy.' I played Paul McCartney. That was kind of musical - we did songs in that.
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|For a week, almost without speaking, they went ahead like sleepwalkers through a universe of grief, lighted only by the tenuous reflection of luminous insects, and their lungs were overwhelmed by a suffocating smell of blood.
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|Stupid bitch," he spits, and that's when I mentally punch him in the face.Except it isn't just mentally—it's for real, my closed fist is actually moving. It hits him square in the nose with a sickening crunch."Oh my God," Laney breathes from behind me."Oh my God," Jake says from the floor.My eyes widen. "Oh my God.
Claude Vorilhon|Science has a simple faith, which transcends utility. It is the faith that it is the privilege of man to learn to understand, and that this is his mission.
Joe Hill, Horns|For a time he read his Neil Diamond bible by the firelight. He paused, twisting nervously at his goatee, considering the law in Deuteronomy that forbade clothes with mixed fibers. A problematic bit of Scripture. A matter that required thought."Only the devil wants man to have a wide range of lightweight and comfortable styles to choose from," he murmured at last, trying out a new proverb. "Although there may be no forgiveness for polyester. On this matter, Satan and the Lord are in agreement.
Brownell Landrum|Sharing feelings, conveying appreciation and whispering desires are all crucial components of a satisfying encounter with your beloved.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|The heart is not only the location of the 4th chakra, located at the centre of your chakra system, but also the centre of your conscious universe and is able to create and define life in its true essence.
Edith Wharton, The House of Mirth|Don't you ever mind," she asked suddenly, "not being rich enough to buy all the books you want?
André Breton|The important thing is that man is lost in time, in the moment that immediately precedes him - which only attests, by reflection, to the fact that he is lost in the moment that follows
Louisa Hall|It does seem so pleasant to talk with an old acquaintance that knows what you know. I see so many of these new folks nowadays, that seem to have neither past nor future. Conversation's got to have some root in the past, or else you've got to explain every remark you make, an' it wears a person out.
Dean Koontz, Tick Tock|Tommy and Scootie locked eyes. Only minutes ago, he wouldn't have believed that he could ever have felt such a kinship with the Labrador as he felt now.
John Cena|The lesson of Pearl Harbor ought never to be forgotten, and of course the motto that came from that, 69 years ago, the war which my dad fought, was 'Remember Pearl Harbor, never again.' We need to keep that to mind.
Nikesh Shukla, Coconut Unlimited|Yo, bredren, we be the illest,' went my proclamation. 'We be the dopest,' Anand would follow. 'Our tunes are going to be good,' Nishant would finish with.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|The baby explodes into an unknown world that is only knowable through some kind of a story - of course that is how we all live, it's the narrative of our lives, but adoption drops you into the story after it has started. It's like reading a book with the first few pages missing. It's like arriving after curtain up. The feeling that something is missing never, ever leaves you - and it can't, and it shouldn't, because something IS missing. That isn't of its nature negative. The missing part, the missing past, can be an opening, not a void. It can be an entry as well as an exit. It is the fossil record, the imprint of another life, and although you can never have that life, your fingers trace the space where it might have been, and your fingers learn a kind of Braille.
Gloria Stuart|ACT and SAT each have their own parts of the country. The GRE has its lock on graduate admissions. And so, one could blame the companies, but really, economically, they have no incentive to change things very much because they're getting the business.
Stanislaw Law|Art imitates life, but science fiction informs us about what form it will take.
Elyse M. Fitzpatrick, Give Them Grace: Dazzling Your Kids with the Love of Jesus|I realize it's commonplace for parents to say to their child sternly, 'I love you, but I don't always like you.' But what kind of love is that? It seems to me that comes down to, 'I'm not oblivious to you - that is, you can still hurt my feelings - but I can't stand having you around.' Who wants to be loved like that? Given a choice, I might skip the deep blood tie and settle for being liked. I wonder if wouldn't have been more moved if my own mother had taken me in her arms and said, 'I like you.' I wonder if just enjoying your kid's company isn't more important.
Robin S. Sharma|Dreamers are mocked as impractical. The truth is they are the most practical, as their innovations lead to progress and a better way of life for all of us.
Nicholas Sparks, The Choice|Honestly, if you're given the choice between Armageddon or tea, you don't say 'what kind of tea?
Robyn Young, Insurrection|Affraig’s eyes moved to the oak tree that towered above her, its branches like antlers against the white sky. Her gaze travelled up to the weathered web that hung from one of the higher boughs, the slender noose swinging inside. In her mind she saw herself weaving it while she chanted words against Malachy’s wrathful curse. She remembered the lord’s hand settling on her shoulder, the hiss of the fire,his breath on her neck and, outside, stars falling like fiery rain. Her gaze moved west towards Turnberry.Her memory clouded with thoughts of the earl, but as she thought of his son her mind cleared. The stars had been falling too on the night he was born. She remembered seeing Mars, full and red, a bloody eye winking in the black.
Jerhia|If you Fail, Never Give Up because, F.A.I.L means "First Attempt In Learning".
Lawrence Kasdan|Any time I need to get a serious attitude adjustment, I put on one of their records, and there are examples there for all time to keep us honest and keep us reaching; they'll never be eclipsed.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some women would not cheat, and some would not have cheated, had they each married a man whom they love … or at least like.
Liam Levi, Thousand Sinful Kisses|Without inspiration, innovation is dead.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|A strong handshake conveys confidence, clarity, strength, and intention. As with everything else in life, if it is overzealous, it may be seen as aggressive, arrogant, or dominating. A bone-crushing vice-grip is just plain obnoxious and one of the fastest ways to make someone angry.
Lisa Kleypas, Suddenly You|I think this dress will stun the nobility, and leave them stupefied with envy and lust," Madame Sandrine announced with relish."I'm just glad it's not crimson, like everything else you drape," Farah said to her husband as she glanced at her transformation in the floor-to-ceiling mirrors across from the raised podium on which she stood. The creation of blue silk evoked the midnight sky, as it wrapped her bosom and waist in bejeweled gathers before cascading from her hips in a dark waterfall. The shamelessly cut bodice was lent a hint of respectability by folds of a shimmering diaphanous silver material draping from a choker of gems about her neck and flowing down her shoulders like moonbeams. To call them sleeves would have been a mistake, for all they concealed.Madame Sandrine threw a teasing look over her shoulder at Blackwell. "How fitting that the color of blood is the one you prefer the most.""Not for her," Dorian rumbled.The seamstress lifted a winged eyebrow, but didn't comment. "Voila. I believe that is all I'll need from you today, Madame Blackwell. I can have these finished in the morning, and in the meantime I have a lovely soft gray frock hemmed with tiny pink blossoms that will bring out the color in your cheeks.
Suzanne Brockmann, The Unsung Hero|The world has never favored the experimental life. It despises poets, fanatics, prophets and lovers.
J.M. Stewart, Her Soldier's Touch|Charlie brought her dandelion to her mouth. "I've heard that, too. But this happens to be something I've done a lot and it's easy. Just take a deep breath, put your lips together, and blow." She closed her eyes and blew. When she lifted her lids, she found him watching her.Or rather, watching her mouth. She let go of the flower stem and swallowed. "I'm thinking those lips of yours could make any man's wish come true.
G.J. Walker-Smith|True Love never needs the Expression of Words, It Speaks the Language Blessed by God and when it speaks, Only Miracles Happen.
James Hollis, Hauntings: Dispelling the Ghosts Who Run Our Lives|How many of those who are insecure seek power over others as a compensation for inadequacy and wind up bringing consequences down upon their heads and those around them? How many hide out in their lives, resist the summons to show up, or live fugitive lives, jealous, projecting onto others, and then wonder why nothing ever really feels quite right. How many proffer compliance with the other, buying peace at the price of soul, and wind up with neither?
Rush Limbaugh|I don't like politicians, and I don't like politics. I definitely don't want to be associated with any of them.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|But maybe you never really had someone, she thought now. Maybe, no matter how much you loved them, they could slip through your fingers like water, and there was nothing you could do about it.
Graham Greene|To solve your problems, stop worrying.
Gary   Hopkins|Inner Awareness is often gained in incremental steps at first. The distraction of the perceived physical world dictates this. However, once one realizes this process, a new skill in “awareness recognition” emerges… and like riding a bike for the first time, one peddles faster, gaining confidence in their new skill, a skill that will take them much farther than any distraction previously experienced
Eileen Anglin|What is it you want to do, to put out into the world, that is greater than your fear?
Jay-Z, Decoded|I couldn't even think about wanting to be something else; I wouldn't let myself visualize another life. But I wrote because I couldn't stop. It was a release, a mental exercise, a way of keeping sane.
Catherine Jane Fisher, I am Catherine Jane: The True Story of One Woman's Quest for Justice|Please God, when I open my eyes, make this nightmare disappear.
Kenneth R. Miller, Finding Darwin's God: A Scientist's Search for Common Ground Between God and Evolution|Women, churchgoers, and conservative were more likely than men, nonchurch goers, and liberals to disagree with the reductionist (neural) account of human life.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Reading, writing, listening to music, skipping rope, flying kites, taking long walks along the sea, hiking in the crisp mountain air, all serve a joint purpose: these self-initiated acts free us from the drudgery of life. These forms of physical and mental exercises release the mind to roam uninhibited, such collaborative types of mind and body actions take people away from their physical pains and emotional grievances. A reprieve from the crippling grind of sameness allows personal imagination to soar. Imagination, a form of dreaming, is inherently pleasant and restorative. It is within these moments of personal introspection stolen from the industry of surviving that humankind touches upon the absolute truth of life: that there must be something more to living then merely getting by; the fundamental human condition thirsts for a way to improve upon the vestment that shelters our self-absorbed lives.
Bill Nye|If you do not understand, you cannot love. You can only imagine that you love.
Allie Larkin, Why Can't I Be You|(Da) "Sorry, Son, what was that? I was too busy ignoring you."(Later) "Sorry, Son, I missed that," Ma said. "Ignoring you can be a full-time job.
Leon Trotsky, History of the Russian Revolution|Let us not forget that revolutions are accomplished through people, although they be nameless. Materialism does not ignore the feeling, thinking, and acting man, but explains him.
Criss Jami, Healology|Until you accept responsibility for your life, someone else runs your life.
Mark W. Boyer|Observation:Thanks to technological advances, avid readers seem to be replacing DTBAD (Dead Tree Book Acquisition Disorder) with an alphabet soup of more more modern-day hoarding behaviors: EBAD (E-Book Acquistion Disorder), EGAD (Electronic Gadget Acquisition Disorder), and ABAD (Audiobook Acquisition Disorder). Of course, there's also MYBAD (Movie and YouTube Acquisition Disorder: the hoarding or obsessive viewing of digital films and videos, some based on books). If any of these syndromes describes you, take heart: there's probably an app for that! - 8/9/2013
Winograd Arie M, Face to Face with Body Dysmorphic Disorder: Psychotherapy and Clinical Insights|Permit no man to make mockery of you just because you may not be proficient in something. Remember you are gifted no matter how insignificant it may be, it's your priced possession, value it
Ken Thompson|When a finished work of 20th century sculpture is placed in an 18th century garden, it is absorbed by the ideal representation of the past, thus reinforcing political and social values that are no longer with us.
Julia Quinn, Because of Miss Bridgerton|You have a freckle,” he murmured. “Right” – he leaned down and dropped a light kiss near the inside of her elbow – “here.” “You’ve seen it before,” she said softly. It wasn’t in an immodest spot; she had plenty of frocks with short sleeves. He chuckled. “But I’ve never given it it’s proper due.” “Really.” “Mmm-hmm.” He lifted her arm, twisting it just a bit so that he could pretend to be studying her freckle. “It is clearly the most delightful beauty mark in all of England.” A marvelous sense of warmth and contentment melted through her. Even as her body burned for his, she could not stop herself from encouraging his teasing conversation. “Only England?” “Well, I haven’t traveled very extensively abroad…” “Oh, really?” “And you know…” His voice dropped to a husky growl. “There may be other freckles right here in this room. You could have one here.” He dipped a finger under the bodice of her nightgown, then moved his other hand to her hip. “Or here.” “I might,” she agreed. “The back of your knee,” he said, the words hot against her ear. “You could have one there.” She nodded. She wasn’t sure she was still capable of speech. “One of your toes,” he suggested. “Or your back.” “You should probably check,” she managed to get out. He took a deep, shuddering breath.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Being prepared and sharing your knowledge earns the confidence of those who are interviewing you, depend on your expertise, or seek you out for solutions, answers, or presentations.
Jasper Fforde, The Eyre Affair|There has to be blame and there has to be reasons and there has to be answers and if nobody can adequately accept the blame and give a sufficient reason and provide an answer, the love, no matter how strong it is, the family, no matter how tight it is, the life, no matter how good it is, will always buckle, then snap, then drown completely under the pressure of itself, the reality of the mistrust, and the weight of its own history, because if there are no answers, the blame and the guilt become stronger than the love and those two things together become a force that no amount of love can ever break down and overcome.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|Give time, give space to sprout your potential. Awaken the beauty of your heart – the beauty of your spirit. There are infinite possibilities.
Melita Tessy, Battle of the Spheres: Crust, Mantle and Core|In order for evil to go down, the good had to fight, suffer and die. We won, but only after suffering a lot of pain and I’m sure many have had second thoughts. Despite everything, we had new hope after the battle. We cleared the agitation. We were free. The same goes for this war. The good on both sides needs to survive and the bad needs to wither away.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|Every evening, I died, and every evening, I was born.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Chew off a little every day, because it’s hard to swallow a whole pie at once.
Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us|those glasses aren't for the sun they're for darkness, exclaims Rue. Sometimes when we harvest through the night, they'll pass out a few pairs to those of us highest in the trees. Where the torchlight doesn't reach. One time, this boy Martin, he tried to keep his pair. Hid it in his pants. They killed him on the spot. They killed a boy for taking these/ I say Yes. and everyone knew he was no danger. Martin wasn't right in the head. I mean he still acted like a three year old. He just wanted the glasses to play with, says Rue. Hearing this makes me feel like District 12 is some sort of safe haven. Of course, people keel over from starvation all the time, but I can't imagine the peacekeepers murdering a simpleminded child. There's a little girl, one of greasy sae's gradkids, who wanders around the Hob. She's not quite right but she's treated as a sort of pet. People toss her scraps and things.
Svetlana Alexievich, Czasy secondhand. Koniec czerwonego człowieka|Instead of lullabies, my mother would sing us songs of the Revolution. Now she sings them to her grandchildren. 'Are you nuts?' I ask her. She replies, 'I don't know any other songs.
Sara Sheridan|I know a lot of writers, and everyone works differently, but this is something that we truly have in common across all genres - the fiction has to be real inside your head.
Andrei Tarkovsky|In a certain sense the past is far more real, or at any rate more stable, more resilient than the present. The present slips and vanishes like sand between the fingers, acquiring material weight, only in its recollection.
Ashe Vernon, Belly of the Beast|What they don’t tell you about the illusionis that I am as much lion as I am lion tamer.And I got good at inflicting pain the same way I got goodat soothing it.This, we call unfortunate,but inevitable.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Kalahari Typing School for Men|If we let the men talk about them and decide them, then suddenly we wake up and find out that the men have made all the decisions, and these decisions all suit men.
Srishtie|Hate feeds on your heart and pollutes your mind. It makes you lose sight of reality and forces you to focus on animosity instead of love. Hate makes you less of a person, because the borders of hate are so expansive they leave no room for anything else, and then the rest of your world becomes tiny and insignificant in comparison.
A.G. Howard, Splintered|I know you’re just a rag doll now, sewn together with memories that we might have had. I know you’re just the dream inside of a dream And don’t worry, I know I don’t know you, anymore.
Paul Asay, God on the Streets of Gotham: What the Big Screen Batman Can Teach Us about God and Ourselves|...I overheard Dorothy talking to Mr Montrose and she was telling Mr Montrose that she thought that I would be great in the movies if he would write me a part that only had three expressions, Joy, Sorrow, and Indigestion.
Emily Colas, Just Checking: Scenes From the Life of an Obsessive-Compulsive|In cities where peace and the arts flourish, men are more consumed by jealousy, worry, and anxiety than they are in cities under the blight of a besieging army. Private sorrows are more bitter than public suffering.
Gaiven Clairmont, Seductive Saints and Sensual Sinners|No matter how many snowstorms will pass through you, none will bring you the spring like love will.
Nouman Ali Khan|If doctors are paid the same salary as bus drivers, community would not be crazy about making their children doctors
Elizabeth George|Our actions, habits, character, and future are most definitely affected by our thoughts.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|If they are afraid of revision in the laboratory, truth will never be released except by accident.
Zalman Schachter-Shalomi, Paradigm Shift: From the Jewish Renewal Teachings of Reb Zalman Schachter-Shalomi|As we watch the process in which the soul becomes thought or speech, we notice that many a time we ease ourselves into convenient clichés that have little of the new insight in them. Once more we are trapped by habits that are the dunghills upon which the creeds feed. It takes vigilance and humble courage to make acts of faith. After all, where faith is weak, there is an abundance of beliefs. With this in mind we may be more humble about our tradition and our sureness, yet also a bit more proud of the holy process in our inner being that keeps teaching and guiding us.
Amit Kalantri|People crave for more respect than love, because they expect love only from few people but they want respect from everyone.
Charles R. Swindoll|Fortunately Jesus didn't leave [the disciples]-or any of us-without hope or direction. Where we fail, Jesus succeeded. The only One who as able to recognize and follow His purpose from the beginning was Jesus. He alone was able to obey consistently and please God completely. And His divine mission was to make a way for each of us to do the same.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|On this material plane, each living being is like a street lantern lamp with a dirty lampshade.The inside flame burns evenly and is of the same quality as all the rest—hence all of us are equal in the absolute sense, the essence, in the quality of our energy.However, some of the lamps are “turned down” and having less light in them, burn fainter, (the beings have a less defined individuality, are less in tune with the universal All which is the same as the Will)—hence all of us are unequal in a relative sense, some of us being more aware (human beings), and others being less aware (animal beings), with small wills and small flames.The lampshades of all are stained with the clutter of the material reality or the physical world.As a result, it is difficult for the light of each lamp to shine through to the outside and it is also difficult to see what is on the other side of the lampshade that represents the external world (a great thick muddy ocean of fog), and hence to “feel” a connection with the other lantern lamps (other beings).The lampshade is the physical body immersed in the ocean of the material world, and the limiting host of senses that it comes with.The dirt of the lampshade results from the cluttering bulk of life experience accumulated without a specific goal or purpose.The dirtier the lampshade, the less connection each soul has to the rest of the universe—and this includes its sense of connection to other beings, its sense of dual presence in the material world and the metaphysical world, and the thin connection line to the wick of fuel or the flow of electricity that resides beyond the material plane and is the universal energy.To remain “lit” each lantern lamp must tap into the universal Source of energy.If the link is weak, depression and-or illness sets in.If the link is strong, life persists.This metaphor to me best illustrates the universe.
Iris Murdoch, The Sovereignty of Good|Existentialism, in both its Continental and its Anglo-Saxon versions, is an attempt to solve the problem without really facing it: to solve it by attributing to the individual an empty, lonely freedom, a freedom, if he wishes, to 'fly in the face of the facts'. What it pictures is indeed the fearful solitude of the individual marooned upon a tiny island in the middle of a sea of scientific facts, and morality escaping from science only by a wild leap of the will. But our situation is not like this.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|My daddy saidthat the first time you fall in love, it changes you forever and no matter how hard you try, the feeling just never goes away.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|But remember, boy, that a kind act can sometimes be as powerful as a sword.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|If where we are now and whatever we are going through does not motivate us to leave this world better than the way we met it, we are in this world for wrong reasons.
Melina Marchetta, Finnikin of the Rock|I took me to the Banks of the River, and tarried there awhile, as the lowering Sun made one with the Water, giving generously of Itself & its Diverse Colors, in a Splay of Magnificence that preceded a most wonderful Silence.
Pat Conroy, The Lords of Discipline|This [sand-dollar hunting] had become one of our rituals together, and though she would search for other varieties of shells when I was out of town or unable to see her, she would wait until I appeared on her front porch before setting off to extract these mute delicate coins from their settings in the sand. At first, we had collected only the larger specimens, but gradually as we learned what was rare and to be truly prized, we began to gather only the smallest sand dollars for our collection. Our trophies were sometimes as small as thumbnails and as fragile as contact lenses. Annie Kate collected the tiniest relics, round and cruciform and white as bone china when dried of sea water, and placed them in a glass-and-copper cricket box in her bedroom. Often we would sit together and admire the modest splendor of our accumulation. At times it looked like the coinage of a shy, diminutive species of angel. Our quest to find the smallest sand dollar became a competition between us, and as the months passed and Annie Kate grew larger with the child, the brittle, desiccated animals we unearthed from the sand became smaller and smaller. It was all a matter of training the eye to expect less.
Yuval Noah Harari, קיצור תולדות האנושות|If about a dozen genera of birds had become extinct or were unknown, who would have ventured to have surmised that birds might have existed which used their wings solely as flappers, like the logger-headed duck (Micropterus of Eyton); as fins in the water and front legs on the land, like the penguin; as sails, like the ostrich; and functionally for no purpose, like the Apteryx. Yet the structure of each of these birds is good for it, under the conditions of life to which it is exposed, for each has to live by a struggle; but it is not necessarily the best possible under all possible conditions. It must not be inferred from these remarks that any of the grades of wing-structure here alluded to, which perhaps may all have resulted from disuse, indicate the natural steps by which birds have acquired their perfect power of flight; but they serve, at least, to show what diversified means of transition are possible.
Sia|I appreciate my music is famous, but I'd rather my face wasn't so that I can just live a normal life.
John le Carré|Our power knows no limits, yet we cannot find food for a starving child, or a home for a refugee. Our knowledge is without measure and we build the weapons that will destroy us. We live on the edge of ourselves, terrified of the darkness within. We have harmed, corrupted and ruined, we have made mistakes and deceived.
Pat Conroy, My Losing Season|How can a man’s candour be seen in all its lustre unless he has a few failings to talk of? But he had an agreeable confidence that his faults were all of a generous kind—impetuous, arm-blooded, leonine; never crawling, crafty, reptilian.
Penn Jillette|My mom read French 'Elle' when I was a little girl, and so, when I was 15 or 16, I said, 'I want to work in fashion.'
Walter M. Miller Jr., A Canticle for Leibowitz|Because a doubt is not a denial. Doubt is a powerful tool, and it should be applied to history.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Notorious Pleasures|Finally he turned his head toward her face and brushed a kiss over her cheek. “I love you and I believe with all my heart that you love me as well. Why can’t you say it, Hero?
Heraclitus, Fragments|Gods are always ready, their hands are always full with flowers. They simply watch and wait. Whenever somebody becomes a Subhuti, empty, whenever somebody is absent, suddenly the flowers start showering.
Kyle Johnson|Without setbacks there'd be no comebacks, and everyone loves a come.
James A. Shapiro|For those scientists who take it seriously, Darwinian evolution has functioned more as a philosophical belief system than as a testable scientific hypothesis. This quasi-religious function of the theory is, I think, what lies behind many of the extreme statements that you have doubtless encountered from some scientists opposing any critical analysis of neo-Darwinism in the classroom. It is also why many scientists make public statements about the theory that they would not defend privately to other scientists like me.
Jennifer McKeithen, Atlantis On the Shores of Forever|A twinge of fear entered Gwenwhyfarâ€™s heart. It was the first she had heard of the sea farms lying in the path of danger. She wondered what had befallen a different Norseman of her acquaintance. Had her poor bodyguard, Finn, perished in one of those raids?
Sage Steadman, Upon Destiny's Song|To achieve what 1% of the worlds population has (Financial Freedom), you must be willing to do what only 1% dare to do..hard work and perseverance of highest order.
Deb Caletti, Honey, Baby, Sweetheart|I love to see those paragliders weaving softly around Moon Point, their legs floating above you in the air. When they drift in for a landing, their feet touch the ground and they trot forward from the continued motion of the glider, which billows down like a setting sun. I never get tired of watching them and I've seen them thousands of times. I always wondered what that kind of freedom would feel like.
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger|This is dreadful! Not the suffering and death of the animals, but that man suppresses in himself, unnecessarily, the highest spiritual capacity—that of sympathy and pity toward living creatures like himself—and by violating his own feelings becomes cruel. And how deeply seated in the human heart is the injunction not to take life!
Henry A. Giroux, Zombie Politics and Culture in the Age of Casino Capitalism|Torture when inflicted on childrenbecomes indefensible. Even among those who believe that torture is a defensiblepractice to extract information, the case for inflicting pain and abuse upon childrenproves impossible to support.
Alex Berenson|Medicines are unusual commodities. Important drugs can save the lives and protect the health of millions. Their consumption can bring huge benefits, by helping patients to avoid infection and preventing serious damage to the economies of families, nations and even humanity at large.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|And we are put on earth a little space, so that we may learn to love for we can't do great things, only small things with great love.
Mark Gorman|Leaders live by choice, not by accident.
Thomas P. O'Neill|In the political system, we are a team; politics and bureaucracy, we are a team. The politicians, bureaucrats and the people, we are a team.
Mahesh Babu|You can always tell a person's real character and personhood by those who closely surround him, especially if they're family.
Auguste Rodin|An inexhaustible good nature is one of the most precious gifts of heaven, spreading itself like oil over the troubled sea of thought, and keeping the mind smooth and equable in the roughest weather.
Graham Greene, The End of the Affair|I couldn't help wondering, is my husband so unattractive that no woman has ever wanted him? Except me, of course. I must have wanted him, in a way, once, but I've forgotten why, and I was too young to know what I was choosing.
Jason Fried|Over 90% of people go home at the end of the day feeling unfulfilled by their work, and I won't stop working until that statistic is reversed - until over 90% of people go home and can honestly say, 'I love what I do.'
Toni Sorenson|When you lay your head on the pillow at the end of the night, can you think of three things you did during the day to make your life better? Did you nourish your body? Your spirit? Your mind? If not, get back up and do something that good for YOU.
C.D. Reiss, Marriage Games|There comes a point when you win, and you can either soothe the loser into thinking there was something in it for them or kick them while they're down to make sure they know what just happened.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Never trust anyone, Daniel, especially the people you admire. Those are the ones who will make you suffer the worst blows.
Julia Quinn, The Girl with the Make-Believe Husband|It’s about finding your own twisted perfection, letting yourself fall too far andtaking a chance. If you’ve done all that. You have no reason to give up. Not now.
Penn Jillette|My hair is way, way long. I've hitchhiked across the country a zillion times. I've ridden in every car. I was never a hippie. It takes more than long hair.
Stephen King, The Stand|First, love one another very deeply, and don’t be ashamed to express your love openly and often. Also, enjoy one another, and guard zealously your time together so as to enjoy it to the fullest extent.
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|Furnishing was not a priority in the Citadel. Shelves, stools, tables... There was a rumor among the novices that priests towards the top of the hierarchy had golden furniture, but there was no sign of it here. The room was as severe as anything in the novices' quarters although it had, perhaps, a more opulent severity; it wasn't the forced bareness of poverty, but the starkness of intent.
RVM|Tranquility is a Choice. So is Anxiety. The entire world around us may be in Turmoil. But if we want to be Peaceful within, WE CAN.- RVM
Marilyn Ferguson|I went to work in accounting at Arthur Andersen. At one point, it was the creme de la creme. I wanted to work there because it looked like the hardest thing I could find, and I loved being on a steep learning curve. I progressed quickly, and two years out of college, I was managing a small team of people.
Bangambiki Habyarimana|A physical wound may heal, but a spiritual one may last for ever
Henry Kuttner|...my writing is a wild mustang - more thunderous than a lightning storm -and all my skill which I call art, is devoted to simply staying on...
George Orwell, 1984|The war is not meant to be won. It is meant to be continuous. The essential act of modern warfare is the destruction of the produce of human labour. A hierarchical society is only possible on the basis of poverty and ignorance. In principle, the war effort is always planned to keep society on the brink of starvation. The war is waged by the ruling group against its own subjects, and its object is not victory over Eurasia or Eastasia, but to keep the very structure of society intact."Julia? Are you awake? There is truth, and there is untruth. To be in a minority of one doesn't make you mad.
John Ajvide Lindqvist, Let the Right One In|-there was something in her, something that was...pure horror. Everything you were supposed to watch out for. Heights, fire, shards of glass, snakes, Everything that his mom tried so hard to keep him safe from.
Jabber Douaihy|I believe love is like war: we only know how it starts, and nobody knows how it will end.
San Juan de la Cruz|But the Lord often leaves his servants, not only to be annoyed by the violence of the wicked, but to be lacerated and destroyed; allows the good to languish in obscurity and squalid poverty, while the ungodly shine forth, as it were, among the stars; and even by withdrawing the light of his countenance does not leave them lasting joy. Wherefore, David by no means disguises the fact, that if believers fix their eyes on the present condition of the world, they will be grievously tempted to believe that with God integrity has neither favour nor reward; so much does impiety prosper and flourish, while the godly are oppressed with ignominy, poverty, contempt, and every kind of cross. The Psalmist says, "But as for me, my feet were almost gone; my steps had well nigh slipped. For I was envious of the foolish, when I saw the prosperity of the wicked." At length, after a statement of the case, he concludes, "When I thought to know this, it was too painful for me: until I went into the sanctuary of God; then understood I their end," (Ps. 73:2, 3, 16, 17).
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Mockingbirds don't do one thing but make music for us to enjoy. They don't eat up people's gardens, don't nest in corncribs, they don't do one thing but sing their hearts out for us. That's why it's a sin to kill a mockingbird.
Hiba Fatima Ahmad|To wish bad things for someone else, is like looking for high blood pressure. Because strong people fall, but stand up again.
Helen Maryles Shankman, The Color of Light|The artist, to my way of thinking, is a monstrosity, something outside nature.
Aanchal Malhotra, Remnants of a Separation: A History of the Partition through Material Memory|Partition memory is particularly pliable. Within it, the act of forgetting, either inevitably or purposefully, seems to play as much a part as remembering itself.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|It’s easy to love those we like, but what about those we don’t, and why would we anyways? There may be someone who doesn’t like us, yet they’re accepting of us, unconditionally loving us.Love means, I accept you as someone as imperfect as I am, someone who wants security and acceptance, someone who may be scared and shows it in the wrong ways, someone who is as worthy of my understanding, love, and acceptance as may feel I am of theirs. Someone who needs someone to love them first.
Tyler Perry|I did a lot of things that I regretted and I certainly paid for my mistakes. You have to go and ask for forgiveness and it wasn't until I really started doing good and doing right, by other people as well as myself, that I really started to feel that guilt go away. So I don't have a problem going to sleep at night.
Lisa Brooks|Thoughts are circular, they don't take you anywhere. They don't have feet-they can't gain any ground. They can trap you if you don't eventually stand up and make a move.
George Eliot, The Mill on the Floss|Tom had never found any difficulty in discerning a pointer from a setter, when once he had been told the distinction, and his perceptive powers were not at all deficient. I fancy they were quite as strong as those of the Rev. Mr Stelling; for Tom could predict with accuracy what number of horses were cantering behind him, he could throw a stone right into the centre of a given ripple, he could guess to a fraction how many lengths of his stick it would take to reach across the playground, and could draw almost perfect squares on his slate without any measurement. But Mr Stelling took no note of those things: he only observed that Tom's faculties failed him before the abstractions hideously symbolized to him in the pages of the Eton Grammar, and that he was in a state bordering on idiocy with regard to the demonstration that two given triangles must be equal - though he could discern with great promptitude and certainty the fact that they were equal.
Margaret Forster|Like a morning dream, life becomes more and more bright the longer we live, and the reason of everything appears more clear. What has puzzled us before seems less mysterious, and the crooked paths look straighter as we approach the end.
Carl Perkins|Obviously one must hold oneself responsible for the evil impulses of one's dreams. In what other way can one deal with them? Unless the content of the dream rightly understood is inspired by alien spirits, it is part of my own being.
François-René de Chateaubriand, The Genius of Christianity or the Spirit and Beauty of the Christian Religion|An original writer is not one who imitates nobody, but one whom nobody can imitate.
Colin S. Smith, Jonah: Navigating a God-Centered Life|You are being fashioned into one of two images, either God's or the worlds. Make a choice!
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|People who score zero are not only those who do not participate in the game, but also those who play very well but have no goal in focus!
Celia Hammond|I think cancer is a hard battle to fight alone or with another person at your side, but I will say having someone to pick you up when you fall, stand by your side through every appointment and delivery of bad news, is priceless.
Dianna Hardy, The Demon Bride|Elena glanced up at him, taking in his words. “If you get rid of your fear? You know, I never look at you as someone who’s afraid.”“That’s because every time you look at me, I’m looking right back, and the only time I’m not afraid, is when I see you. And I do see you, Elena. I see everything you’ve been through, from so young – how you struggled through it; how you never let it destroy your hope and faith – and I’m afraid of nothing."(Karl and Elena)
Olivia Newton-John|I learned that the first technology appeared in the form of stone tools, 2.6 million years ago. First entertainment comes evidence from flutes that are 35,000 years old. And evidence for first design comes 75,000 years old - beads. And you can do the same with your genes and track them back in time.
Patrick Geddes|Every city has a single word that defines it, that identifies most poeple who live there. If you could read people's thoughts as they were passing you on the streets of any given place, you would discover that most of them are thinking the same thought. Whatever that majority thought might be - that is the word of the city. And if your personal word does not match the word of the city, then you don't really belong there.
Amit Chaudhuri, Odysseus Abroad|The dull pulse-like beat started at eleven o’clock at night. It was a new kind of music called ‘rap’. It baffled Ananda even more than disco. He had puzzled and puzzled over why people would want to listen and even move their bodies to an angry, insistent onrush of words – words that rhymed, apparently, but had no echo or afterlife. It was as if they were an extension of the body: never had words sounded so alarmingly physical, and pure physicality lacks empathy, it’s machine-like.
Francine Pascal, Model Flirt|Elizabeth scowled, feeling like a nobody, a nothing. She felt like her entire self had been made worthless. She could change her interests, but she couldn’t change her looks. She’d never be six feet tall. She’d never look like a supermodel.
Jerry Stahl, Perv - A Love Story|In art and mythology, the Goddess appears in three forms. White represents the virgin, red the mother, and black, the crone, or the death-goddess.
Jeff Goins, Wrecked: When a Broken World Slams into your Comfortable Life|At a distance, we see a need and ignore it. We judge it, condemn it, forget it. We don't think about it, because if we practice ignorance long enough, we don't notice the need anymore. It goes underground, and we're content with the surface of life as we know it - unwilling to break deeper ground. If all appears to be well on the outside, that is good enough for our consciences....If we are willing to dig deep, to find Calcutta in our own backyards, we will find the poor. But we will also find God. And He may just open our eyes, so that we can see the need and not soon forget. So that we can hear their cries and not grow deaf. So that we can smell the stench of human need and awaken our hearts to compassion.
Chogyam Trungpa Rinpoche|Too often, people think that solving the world's problems is based on conquering the Earth, rather than touching the Earth, touching ground.
Scott Adams|There is a huge difference between failing and failure. Failing is trying something that you learn doesn't work. Failure is throwing in the towel and giving up. True success comes from failing repeatedly and as quickly as possible, before your cash or your willpower runs out.
Harry Seidler|I am a failed architect, if I'm honest. I got a degree in art history and was about to get another degree, in architecture, but realized I would be terrible at building things because I've got really bad spatial awareness.
Jim Butcher, Academ's Fury|Lady Placida smiled. “History seldom takes note of serendipity when it records events. And from what I have heard, I suspect an argument could be made that you very much did earn the title.”“Many women have earned titles, Your Grace. It doesn't seem to have been a factor in whether or not they actually received them.”Lady Placida laughed. “True enough. But perhaps that is beginning to change.” She offered her hands. “It is a distinct pleasure to meet you, Steadholder.
George Orwell, Down and Out in Paris and London|Within certain limits, it is actually true that the less money you have, the less you worry.
Christmas Incorporated|You may be smart, talented, and hardworking but if you do not know about an opportunity, you do not get that opportunity. At our offices, we are solving this problem for millions.
Mary Balogh, Simply Love|I'll be damned if I apologize for the choices I've made. They were hard decisions, but I had good reasons for making them.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Man, made after God's image, was a nobler creation than twinkling sparks in the sky, or than the larger and more useful lamp of the moon.
Charles Fishman, The Wal-Mart Effect: How the World's Most Powerful Company Really Works - and How It's Transforming the American Economy|We want clean air, clean water, good living conditions, the best health care in the world. Yet we aren't willing to pay for anything manufactured under those restrictions.
Hubert Martin|Just being around her made me feel better. She had an amber shade aura to her that filled any cracks and brokenness I hadn't yet fixed. I could be myself around her, knowing full well she held on as I let go.
Kaylea Cross, Avenged|…I craved to stroke that delicate skin and run my fingers through her tresses as she moaned with hunger. I would grip a thick section of her hair in my hands, wrap it around my fingers, and take her from behind. And she would scream my name.
Sarah van Waterschoot|Giving, not trading or selling, is the basis of success. The most rewarding thing you can do is just to give the world something good. And ultimately you will be paid so much more for that gift than it you had tried to trade it for something else.
Henry James, The Golden Bowl|Our relation, all round, exists--it's a reality, and a very good one; we're mixed up, so to speak, and it's too late to change it. We must live IN it and with it
James     Baldwin, No Name in the Street|Andy once clipped a magazine article about how black dogs are always the last to be adopted at shelters and, therefore, more likely to be put down. Which is totally Dog Racism, if you ask me.
Victor C. Victor|When the Creator touches the Creation, the Creation becomes creative.
Park Shin-hye|Historically, the French have had a romantic attachment to their bikes. Though the first functioning two-wheeler is thought to have been invented by a German in 1817, it was the French who popularized and marketed the device in the 1860s, giving it the name 'bicycle.'
Nikki Rowe|The sight of God in woman is the most perfect of all." Ibn Arabi.
John R.W. Stott|Social responsibility becomes an aspect not of Christian mission only, but also of Christian conversion. It is impossible to be truly converted to God without being thereby converted to our neighbor.
Mat Johnson, Loving Day|Forgiveness comes later in life, after you've created enough disasters of your own.
Max Barry, Lexicon|These computer simulations try only to duplicate the interactions between the cortex and the thalamus. Huge chunks of the brain are therefore missing. Dr. [Dharmendra] Modha understands the enormity of his project. His ambitious research has allowed him to estimate what it would take to create a working model of the entire human brain, and not just a portion or a pale version of it, complete with all parts of the neocortex and connections to the senses. He envisions using not just a single Blue Gene computer [with over a hundred thousand processors and terabytes of RAM] but thousands of them, which would fill up not just a room but an entire city block. The energy consumption would be so great that you would need a thousand-megawatt nuclear power plant to generate all the electricity. And then, to cool off this monstrous computer so it wouldn't melt, you would need to divert a river and send it through the computer circuits.It is remarkable that a gigantic, city-size computer is required to simulate a piece of human tissue that weighs three pounds, fits inside your skull, raises your body temperature by only a few degrees, uses twenty watts of power, and needs only a few hamburgers to keep it going.
Luci Swindoll, I Married Adventure: Looking at Life Through the Lens of Possibility|It's daring to be curious about the unknown, to dream big dreams, to live outside prescribed boxes, to take risks, and above all, daring to investigate the way we live until we discover the deepest treasured purpose of why we are here.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Culturally, though not theologically, I’m a Christian. I was born a Protestant of the white Anglo-Saxon persuasion. And while I do love that great teacher of peace who was called Jesus, and while I do reserve the right to ask myself in certain trying situations what indeed He would do, I can’t swallow that one fixed rule of Christianity insisting that Christ is the only path to God. Strictly speaking, then, I cannot call myself a Christian. Most of the Christians I know accept my feelings on this with grace and open-mindedness. Then again, most of the Christians I know don’t speak very strictly. To those who do speak (and think) strictly, all I can do here is offer my regrets for any hurt feelings and now excuse myself from their business.“Traditionally, I have responded to the transcendent mystics of all religions. I have always responded with breathless excitement to anyone who has ever said that God does not live in a dogmatic scripture or in a distant throne in the sky, but instead abides very close to us indeed—much closer than we can imagine, breathing right through our own hearts. I respond with gratitude to anyone who has ever voyaged to the center of that heart, and who has then returned to the world with a report for the rest of us that God is an experience of supreme love. In every religious tradition on earth, there have always been mystical saints and transcendents who report exactly this experience. Unfortunately many of them have ended up arrested and killed. Still, I think very highly of them.“In the end, what I have come to believe about God is simple. It’s like this—I used to have this really great dog. She came from the pound. She was a mixture of about ten different breeds, but seemed to have inherited the finest features of them all. She was brown. When people asked me, “What kind of dog is that?” I would always give the same answer: “She’s a brown dog.” Similarly, when the question is raised, “What kind of God do you believe in?” my answer is easy: “I believe in a magnificent God
Evan Thompson, Mind in Life: Biology, Phenomenology, and the Sciences of Mind|The contrast between genetic and environmental, between nature and nurture, is not a contrast between fixed and changeable. It is a fallacy of biological determinism to say that if differences are in the genes, no change can occur.
Marie Kondō|If they weren’t good for you in 2015, they won’t be great for you in 2016. Let them go.
Kemi Sogunle|If you have to cut corners to get it, without allowing yourself go through the process, you will not be able to keep it.
LeAnn Rimes|I follow a dairy-free and gluten-free diet, which can be challenging in some places.
Amit Kalantri|You don't need anybody's permission to prove yourself, just prove yourself.
Michael Benzehabe|America’s treasure troves of public and private data, IP, and critical infrastructure continues to be pilfered, annihilated, and disrupted, while an organizational culture of ‘Participation Trophy Winners” managed by tech neophyte executives continue to lose one battle after the next.
Angie Sage, Magyk|They should be going to sleep, but good company is the enemy of sleep.
Nicholas Bella, Commanded|It's what he needs, and whether he ever admits it to us or not, it's what he loves" - Theoden (From Commanded:House of Theoden)
Terry Pratchett, Going Postal|But…but you can’t treat religion as a sort of buffet, can you? I mean, you can’t say yes please, I’ll have some of the Celestial Paradise and a helping of the Divine Plan but go easy on the kneeling and none of the Prohibition of Images, they give me wind. Its table d´hôte or nothing, otherwise…well, it would be silly.
Debasish Mridha|Persistence, perseverance, and continuous improvement are the ingredients for forming a successful person.
Nana Awere Damoah|When the future you see is worse than the present, one begins to worry. And, oh, I speak of Ghanaian politicians. The tadpoles are out-jumping the toads.
Eminem|I've got a nice collection of paintings - a Basquiat, a black-and-white Warhol that's like a Rorschach test, and I commissioned Takashi Murakami to do a ten-foot joint for me. It's almost like the explosion in Hiroshima with his famous skeleton head. There's a wall above my fireplace reserved for it.
Stefan Bachmann, The Peculiar|He wanted a faery. More than anything else in the world. He had already imagined exactly how it should happen. He would set up the invitation, and the next day there would be a petal-winged pisky clinging to the top of his bedpost. It would have a foolish grin on its face, and large ears, and it wouldn’t notice at all that Bartholomew was small and ugly and different from everyone else. But no. Mother had to ruin everything.
Henryk Sienkiewicz, In Desert and Wilderness|In the presence of the storm, thunderbolts, hurricane, rain, darkness, and the lions, which might be concealed but a few paces away, he felt disarmed and helpless.
Akshay Vasu|Holding you in my arms always feels like holding a musical instrument that I love the most, moving my fingers on your skin feels like playing it. And my soul closes its eyes and starts singing along with the music I start creating.
Francis Ponge|The print does not always have the same shape as the body that impressed it, and it doesn't always derive from the pressure of a body. At times it reproduces the impression a body has left in our mind: it is the print of an idea.
Ogwo David Emenike, You Are a Star|Holding on, holding out and holding fast when the going is tough constitutes a winning mindset.
Maria Semple, Where'd You Go, Bernadette|Disappointment is part of parenthood, Jasper. The trick is learnin' to love your kids even when they disappoint you.
Vicente Huidobro, The Cubist Poets in Paris: An Anthology|Paradoxically, the freedom of Paris is associated with a persistent belief that nothing ever changes. Paris, they say, is the city that changes least. After an absence of twenty or thirty years, one still recognize
Susanne Bier|I'm a freak, everything has to be totally flat when I play. Ed Will, my jazz teacher, set up everything completely flat, and then you'd tilt your snare drum away from you, so I do that too. So my snare tilts away from me.
Angelica Hopes, Landscapes of a Heart, Whispers of a Soul|You're the one person whose opinion I care about. When I'm with you, the past dissappears, and I'm a better person.
Frei Otto|No architect troubled to design houses that suited people who were to live in them, because that would have meant building a whole range of different houses. It was far cheaper and, above all, timesaving to make them identical.
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it.
Jimmy Breslin|Electoral politics was always an objective of the Black Panther party, so Barack Obama is a part of what we dreamed and struggled and died for.
Louisa Edwards, On the Steamy Side|Uncomfortable.Lord. I’ve been doing the comfortable thing my whole life, it seems like. And what did it get me? I think it’s about time I did something a little uncomfortable.
Gary Rohrmayer, Spiritual Conversations: Creating and Sustaining Them Without Being a Jerk|It is easy for us to criticize the prejudices of our grandfathers, from which our fathers freed themselves. It is more difficult to search for prejudices among the beliefs and values we hold.
Malcolm Gladwell|We can have in life but one great experience at best, and the secret of life is to reproduce that experience as often as possible.
Haruki Murakami|Everything that is new or uncommon raises a pleasure in the imagination, because it fills the soul with an agreeable surprise, gratifies its curiosity, and gives it an idea of which it was not before possessed.
Diana Gabaldon, Outlander|He has cat blood, I reflected sourly, no doubt that was how he managed to sneak up on me in the darkness.
Lisa C. Temple|I have never seen either angels or goddesses, so I am not interested in painting them.
Lyssa Danehy deHart, StoryJacking: Change Your Inner Dialogue, Transform Your Life|Where we can get shagged up is the stories we tell ourselves that we rarely share. The stories about how we can’t do something because we aren’t good enough, or smart enough, or capable enough. These stories cause us problems because we often keep them secret, hidden away in some dark closet in our mind, sometimes even from ourselves. And this, my friend, is a problem.
Rebecca Yarros, Full Measures|...grief had no mercy, time limit, or expiration date.
Alan Brennert, Honolulu|Thinking these things made space and time around her, the way saying 'only June' had when she was a child hoarding summer.
David Chiles|Genuinely support people in ways you can. If you build great relationships and people get to like you for you, they will eventually promote what you do and would want to do business with you. The bottom line is that people love to do business with those they love and trust. Learn to understand people, your audience, their needs, and their real problem. If you are using a Facebook page or even your own profile, involve your friends in a fruitful discussion. Don’t just make a post and leave to expect likes and comments. Take time to leave a note for a friend, ask about their business and what interests them.
Onyi Anyado|Entrepreneur, make today count but don't let the day count you.
M. Scott Peck|Most of us operate from a narrower frame of reference than that of which we are capable, failing to transcend the influence of our particular culture, our particular set of parents and our particular childhood experience upon our understanding. It is no wonder, then, that the world of humanity is so full of conflict. We have a situation in which human beings, who must deal with each other, have vastly different views as to the nature of reality, yet each one believes his or her own view to be the correct one since it is based on the microcosm of personal experience. And to make matters worse, most of us are not even fully aware of our own world views, much less the uniqueness of the experience from which they are derived.
Anonymous|Everything is fine, nobody is happy...
Andy Warhol|I never understood why when you died, you didn't just vanish, everything should just keep going on the way it was only you just wouldn't be there. I always thought I'd like my own tombstone to be blank. No epitaph, and no name. Well, actually, I'd like it to say 'figment'.
Carrie Jones, Endure|The thing with heat is, no matter how cold you are, no matter how much you need warmth, it always, eventually, becomes too much.
Marianne Williamson, Everyday Grace: Having Hope, Finding Forgiveness And Making Miracles|When we pray for God to illumine our path, we are saying, ‘Dear God, please show me the way. What thoughts do I need to think, to be able to navigate my life at this point? What perceptions do I need; what insights will guide me? Who do I need to forgive? What parts of my personality do I need to look at; what changes do I need to make? Please come upon me and heal my life. Amen.
Waris Ahluwalia|The two impulses in travel are to get away from home, and the other is to pursue something - a landscape, people, an exotic place. Certainly finding a place that you like or discovering something unusual is a very sustaining thing in travel.
Malti Bhojwani|Grow or Die - Don’t let your fear of uncertainty keep you from achieving your dreams, it is far riskier to stagnate.
J.M. Coetzee, Diary of a Bad Year|The masters of information have forgotten about poetry, where words may have a meaning quite different from what the lexicon says, where the metaphoric spark is always one jump ahead of the decoding function, where another, unforeseen reading is always possible.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Fathers are… The teeth on a saw,The head of a nail,The blades on a mower.Fathers are…The grit in a tumbler,The cement in the pit,The coin for the machine.Fathers are…The air in the tires,The spring in the suspension,The key to the ignition.Fathers are... the confidence in a dare,The energy of a command,The boots for the trail.Tis true you might make things work without them, but not at all like they were meant to.
Wayne Dyer|Everything has been figured out, except how to live.
Deepak Chopra|But reducing harmful emissions, abating our dependence on foreign oil and developing alternative renewable energy sources have benefits that go beyond environmental health, they improve personal health, enhance national security and encourage our nation's economic viability.
Juan Ramón Jiménez|If they give you ruled paper, write the other way.
Lora Leigh, Wild Card|I believe you!' the artiste exclaimed finally and extinguishes his gaze. 'I do! These eyes are not lying! How many times have I told you that your basic error consists in underestimating the significance of the human eye. Understand that the tongue can conceal the truth, but the eyes - never! A sudden question is put to you, you don't even flinch, in one second you get hold of yourself and know what you must say to conceal the truth, and you speak quite convincingly, and not a wrinkle on your face moves, but - alas - the truth which the question stirs up from the bottom of your soul leaps momentarily into your eyes, and it's all over! They see it, and you're caught!
Adam Duritz|For over two centuries, Americans have grown up in a society that rewards hard work, protects innovation, and allows its citizens to constantly break new barriers. The key element to this success rests on freedom and the ability of individuals to strive toward achieving their dreams and making their children's futures better than their own.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Wake up for your call no matter how many times you fall; Stand tall and stretch yourself once more. Rise up from the ground, roll the ball and be hopeful you will score!
Shūichi Yoshida, Villain|all men carry murder in their hearts, yet even so, the poisoner is beneath contempt.
Giou Yomi|The pain and the sadness that you encounter when you lose something important is only a mix of one emotion: guilt. When you feel it once, you learn from it. When you live it twice, you mourn in silence. But if you experience it thrice, you will break, shattering like a frail piece of glass. But if you manage to survive, then you will only be a shadow of your soul: a broken doll. Because we are nothing more than mere puppets of Destiny, holding tightly on the string that keeps us from being consumed by the darkness. The string that will eventually lead humankind to its pinnacle.A simple red string named Hope.
Sally Ride|Checking the results of a decision against its expectations shows executives what their strengths are, where they need to improve, and where they lack knowledge or information.
Diana Wynne Jones, Archer's Goon|Learn to drive?""Never," said Quentin. "My mission in life is to be a passenger.
Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting|Can I get a lock for my tent?Bears can't unzip tents, Lana.Well, chainsaw psychos who wander the woods looking for young girls all alone to chop up into pieces can.There are no chainsaw psychos! I can't believe you've never been camping. It's safe, Lana. I promise.Easy for you to say. You'll be snuggled up safely in the arms of Beau Vincent. I'm more than positive he could take on a black bear.
C.S. Lewis, The Silver Chair|The truth is, he was so glad at being free from his long enchantment that all dangers seemed a game in comparison. But the rest found it an eerie journey.
Debasish Mridha|Without love, life is so boring.
Scott Hutchins, A Working Theory of Love|I know already that I can survive it. That's the sorrow of it all. That whatever comes I'll survive it. I mean, even if the worst were to be true, would it really be the worst?
Black Elk|It is not the clear-sighted who rule the world. Great achievements are accomplished in a blessed, warm fog.
John Speed, The Temple Dancer|On suicide:Those are vanities, child. They cause immeasurable suffering in this life and all future lives. Who knows, perhaps you have been given this harsh portion because of misdeeds in some past life.
Penn Jillette, God, No! Signs You May Already Be an Atheist and Other Magical Tales|The world is changing, I said. It is no longer a world just for boys and men.Our women are respected here, said the father. We would never let them tramp the world as American women do. There is always someone to look after the Olinka woman. A father. An uncle. A brother or nephew. Do not be offended, Sister Nettie, but our people pity women such as you who are cast out, we know not from where, into a world unknown to you, where you must struggle all alone, for yourself.So I am an object of pity and contempt, I thought, to men and women alike.Furthermore, said Tashi’s father, we are not simpletons. We understand that there are places in the world where women live differently from the way our women do, but we do not approve of this different way for our children.But life is changing, even in Olinka, I said. We are here.He spat on the ground. What are you? Three grownups and two children. In the rainy season some of you will probably die. You people do not last long in our climate. If you do not die, you will be weakened by illness. Oh, yes. We have seen it all before. You Christians come here, try hard to change us, get sick and go back to England, or wherever you come from. Only the trader on the coast remains, and even he is not the same white man, year in and year out. We know because we send him women.Tashi is very intelligent, I said. She could be a teacher. A nurse. She could help the people in the village.There is no place here for a woman to do those things, he said.Then we should leave, I said. Sister Corrine and I.No, no, he said.Teach only the boys? I asked.Yes, he said, as if my question was agreement.There is a way that the men speak to women that reminds me too much of Pa. They listen just long enough to issue instructions. They don’t even look at women when women are speaking. They look at the ground and bend their heads toward the ground. The women also do not “look in a man’s face” as they say. To “look in a man’s face” is a brazen thing to do. They look instead at his feet or his knees.
Victoria Kahler, Luisa Across the Bay|Books exist for me not as physical entities with pages and binding, but in the province of my mind.
William Shakespeare, Twelfth Night|If I could undo everything," Tony said, "I would never have gone to that party. I was an idiot, Kelly, and it cost me the love of my life.
Sri Chinmoy, The Jewels of Happiness: Inspiration and Wisdom to Guide Your Life-Journey|True gratitude can never comeFrom the mind.It has to flow from the heartTo the mind, vital and bodyUntil everything that we have and areIs a sea of gratitude.
Maria V. Snyder, Magic Study|Garlic is divine. Few food items can taste so many distinct ways, handled correctly. Misuse of garlic is a crime. Old garlic, burnt garlic, garlic cut too long ago and garlic that has been tragically smashed through one of those abominations, the garlic press, are all disgusting. Please treat your garlic with respect. Sliver it for pasta, like you saw in Goodfellas; don't burn it. Smash it, with the flat of your knife blade if you like, but don't put it through a press. I don't know what that junk is that squeezes out the end of those things, but it ain't garlic. And try roasting garlic. It gets mellower and sweeter if you roast it whole, still on the clove, to be squeezed out later when it's soft and brown. Nothing will permeate your food more irrevocably and irreparably than burnt or rancid garlic. Avoid at all costs that vile spew you see rotting in oil in screw-top jars. Too lazy to peel fresh? You don't deserve to eat garlic.
Ali Shaheed Muhammad|Sincerity is the norm of Heaven and the law of our nature. China and the West agree on this point, for without sincerity, no human prince could ever found a state, and no earthly teacher could ever establish a religion.
Bruce D. Perry|Surprisingly, it is often when wandering through the emotional carnage left by the worst of humankind that we find the best of humanity ad well.
Wolfgang Schadler|This gentleman here, Michael Hussey, is just an absolute freak.
Freya North, Chances|When he left, you spent all your energy holding on to him. You could be happy if you let go.
Brian Tracy|Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are always asking, "What's in it for me?
Charles Lamb, The Letters of Charles and Mary Lamb, 1796-1820|We are not what we own; we are what we do, what we think and who we love.
Marge Piercy, Woman on the Edge of Time|For a Westerner, it is usually sufficient for a proposition to be logically sound. For a Chinese it is not sufficient that a proposition be logically correct, but it must be at the same time in accord with human nature.
James Frey, A Million Little Pieces|Happiness is achieved by flowing with the known and the unknown within you, being in a state of simplified simplicity.
M.F. Moonzajer|Procrastination is the kidnapper of souls, and the recruiting-officer of Hell.
Dianne Sylvan, Queen of Shadows|Shane: "Bro," he said, in an injured tone, "I had to go out with a flamethrower, and you weren't there to see it." Michael: "Pics or it didn't happen." Shane: "Dude, little busy for pics. You know, throwing flame.
Chris Dee, Cat-Tales Book 3|Well then, take this thought with you for the dark hours to come: It is a ludicrous fiction that love conquers all, but it can, in fact, conquer quite a lot. I am Iason of the Blood, Knight of Arthur, King of the Britons, reborn into dark service in the year of Our Lord five hundred and sixty. My power is vast, and for none to arrogate but by my will and decree. My services are engaged, Selina. Tell me what you need to ease your pain in this, and it is yours.
Debasish Mridha|When you will create peace within yourself, world will be a peaceful place.
Tracey Bond|Whether you are staying in someone’s home as a house guest, attending a dinner party, or visiting a sick friend, when you bring a “hostess gift” or a thoughtful token, you are providing a gesture of kindness which will extend far beyond your visit.
Jeffrey Gitomer|My mom had me at 16 and took me every place she went. I remember going on peace marches. She tried to take me to Woodstock - it was pouring rain. It was on my birthday, and I was crying so much in the car they turned the car around and dumped me at my grandmother's house... I had a little attitude.
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|Humans! They lived in a world where the grass continued to be green and the sun rose every day and flowers regularly turned into fruit, and what impressed them? Weeping statues. And wine made out of water! A mere quantum-mechanistic tunnel effect, that'd happen anyway if you were prepared to wait zillions of years. As if the turning of sunlight into wine, by means of vines and grapes and time and enzymes, wasn't a thousand times more impressive and happened all the time...
John Paul II|I cannot live, if I am already dead.
A.A. Milne|I know it is wet and the sun is not sunny, but we can have lots of good fun that is funny.
Praveen Chenna|That was the day I made up my mind, I am the voice of those who don't have the strength to cry.
Lee Goldberg, Mr. Monk on the Couch|Lestat: You're very anxious to be out of these rooms, aren't you? Why don't we simply get into bed together? I don't understand.David: You're serious?Lestat: Of courseDavid: You do realize, that this is an absolutely magnificent body, don't you? I mean you aren't insensible to the fact that you've been deposited in a...a most impressive piece of young male flesh.Lestat: I looked it over well before the switch, remember? Why is it you don't want to..David: You've been with a woman, haven't you?Lestat: I wish you hadn't read my mind. It's rude. Besides, what does that matter to you?David: A woman you loved.Lestat: I have always loved both men and women.David: That's a slightly different use of the word 'love.
Jean Hamilton-Fford, Play.Create.Succeed.|There’s no discovery without a search and there’s no rediscovery without a research. Every discovery man ever made has always been concealed. It takes searchers and researchers to unveil them, that’s what make an insightful leader.
Sachin Panwar|If someone asks you that "Where do u want to see yourself 10 years from now down this line"?Well,i would like to see myself above the line,that should be your answer.
Bertrand Russell, Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects|Conquer the world by intelligence, and not merely by being slavishly subdued by the terror that comes from it.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|She clung to her husband. And it was just at the time when he needed her most, because he suffered the disadvantage of being ten years ahead of her as he stumbled alone through the mists of old age, with the even greater disadvantage of being a man and weaker than she was. In the end they knew each other so well that by the time they had been married for thirty years they were like a single divided being, and they felt uncomfortable at the frequency with which they guessed each other’s thoughts without intending to, or the ridiculous accident of one of them anticipating in public what the other was going to say. Together they had overcome the daily incomprehension, the instantaneous hatred, the reciprocal nastiness and fabulous flashes of glory in the conjugal conspiracy. It was the time when they loved each other best, without hurry or excess, when both were most conscious of and grateful for their incredible victories over adversity. Life would still present them with other mortal trials, of course, but that no longer mattered: they were on the other shore.
Jean-Baptiste Dumas|Every new discovery is assumed at once into the sum total of knowledge, and with that ceases in a sense to be a discovery; it dissolves into the whole and disappears, and one must have a trained scientific eye even to recognize it after that.
Richard Engel, And Then All Hell Broke Loose: Two Decades in the Middle East|When I came to the Middle East, journalists had a kind of immunity that allowed us to travel freely and meet with militants who hated Israel and the United States. In 2000, when I was working for Agence France-Presse, I didn’t feel fearful when I went to Gaza to meet with Hamas leaders or to the West Bank to speak to Palestinian gunmen. These men didn’t much like me. We didn’t have anything in common. But they felt that they had to treat me with common decency and a modicum of respect because I was a journalist and I was writing about them. They wanted to spin me so that I would give the world their version of events. They were never completely happy, of course, because my pieces didn’t make them look as perfect as they looked to themselves. But they needed to talk to me and other reporters because we were the only way they could get their story out. Now jump ahead to 2006. Zarqawi was on his killing spree in Iraq, and suddenly the Internet had become ubiquitous, and uploading videos on YouTube and other platforms was literally child’s play. So Zarqawi and his henchmen said to themselves, “Why should we let reporters interview us and filter what we say? We can go straight to the Internet and say exactly what we want, for as long as we want to say it, and we can post videos that Western journalists would never show.” Journalists became worthless, at least as megaphones. But we became valuable as commodities to be stolen, bought, and sold, traded for prisoners, or ransomed for millions.
Jonathan Raymond|We are eternal beings. We lived as intelligent spirits before this mortal life. We are now living part of eternity. Our mortal birth was not the beginning; death, which faces all of us, is not the end.
|If you could believe in yourself and have faith in the possibilities of your heart's desires, when everyone else is yet to believe in you, then it would be inevitable that you would go very far in life.
Visar Zhiti, The Condemned Apple: Selected Poetry|TIMETimeAnd how it slips through my fingersWithout putting its ring on them,And I remain simply its lover
Chris Burkmenn|If you can remember why you started, then you will know why you must continue.
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, One Word|Tea with milk and sugar is so ordinary. We want to see a change, feel the necessity to bring colours other than the ordinary, in our lives. We feel liberated, enriched, superior. But we lose a part of nature, the ordinary beautiful essential nature in doing so.
Nikki Rowe|Verily all things move within your being in constant half embrace, the desired and the dreaded, the repugnant and the cherished, the pursued and that which you would escape.These things move within you as lights and shadows in pairs that cling.And when the shadow fades and is no more, the light that lingers becomes a shadow to another light.And thus your freedom when it loses its fetters becomes itself the fetter of a greater freedom.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Best Option|God doesn't like it when we ask Him for the smallest things, dare to make your dream so big that He can conveniently fit into it and make your dream come true.
Les Murray, Fredy Neptune|Prior to the fourth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-IV), the diagnosis of Dissociative Identity Disorder had been referred to as Multiple Personality Disorder. The renaming of this diagnosis has caused quite a bit of confusion among professionals and those who live with DID. Because dissociation describes the process by which DID begins to develop, rather than the actual outcome of this process (the formation of various personalities), this new term may be a bit un
James Rozoff|The church itself is a spiritual director. It tries to connect your story with God's story. Just to be a true part of this community means you are being directed, you are being guided, you are being asked to make connection. The Bible is a spiritual director. People must read Scripture as a word for themselves personally, and ask where God speaks to them. Finally, individual Christians are also spiritual directors. A spiritual director is a Christian man or woman who practices the disciplines of the church and of the Bible and to whom you are willing to be accountable for your life in God.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Quips Quotes and Quandaries|After a long period of reflection, he decided that he was in fact right yet again.
Katherine Dunn|I mentioned it yesterday: I'm one of these people that - I don't - like, on the abortion issue, it's not something that - I'm very uncomfortable talking about it. I'm not gonna kid you. It's a very uncomfortable thing. I think that it's a legal issue. Definitely a legal issue. It's been decided upon by our Supreme Court.
Jeffrey Steingarten, It Must've Been Something I Ate: The Return of the Man Who Ate Everything|Food safety oversight is largely, but not exclusively, divided between two agencies, the FDA and the USDA. The USDA mostly oversees meat and poultry; the FDA mostly handles everything else, including pet food and animal feed. Although this division of responsibility means that the FDA is responsible for 80% of the food supply, it only gets 20% of the federal budget for this purpose. In contrast, the USDA gets 80% of the budget for 20% of the foods. This uneven distribution is the result of a little history and a lot of politics.
Wyclef Jean|If you've ever been to a poetry slam, you know that the highest scoring emotion is self-righteous indignation: how dare you judge me. So in that way, the poem, 'What Teachers Make,' is an absolutely formulaic slam poem designed to allow me to get up on my soap box and say, 'Let me tell you what really makes me angry.'
Gwynne Dyer, War: The New Edition|If the mystery of the Trinity is the template of all reality, what we have in the Trinitarian God is the perfect balance between union and differentiation, autonomy and mutuality, identity and community.
John Lauricella, 2094|Well, if a Little Fuzzy finds a door open, I’d like to know why he shouldn’t come in and look around.
Judith Herman|It is very tempting to take the side of the perpetrator. All the perpetrator asks is that the bystander do nothing. He appeals to the universal desire to see, hear, and speak no evil. The victim, on the contrary, asks the bystander to share the burden of pain. The victim demands action, engagement, and remembering.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|As a Christian, you are not here to change the world; you are here to save the world. Jesus came to save the world.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|The two ideas, justice and vocation, are inseparable.... It is by way of the principle and practice of vocation that sanctity and reverence enter into the human economy. It was thus possible for traditional cultures to conceive that "to work is to pray." (pg. 258, The Idea of a Local Economy)
Bernard Werber, Empire of the Ants|When you are standing in the middle of a storm you have two choices: Pray to God that it goes away. Or, start praying to God that he gives you the wisdom to figure out why you're standing in the middle of a storm.
merlin8thomas|ITS DIFFICULT TO BELIEVE,WHEN U ARE IN GRIEVE,WHEN U THINK TO LEAVE,IN FUTURE U WILL ACHIEVE,TOMORROW WILL BE AN EVE.
Jeff Bridges|I'm a human being, I'm a friend, I'm a mom, I'm a writer, and I'm an artist. I do play electric guitar and all of that, but in the end, I'm just a person.
Mary E. Pearson, The Kiss of Deception|Today was the day a thousand dreams would die and a single dream would be born.The wind knew. It was the first of June, but cold gusts bit at the hilltop citadelle as fiercely as deepest winter, shaking the windows with curses and winding through drafty halls with warning whispers. There was no escaping what was to come.
Rob Bell, Love Wins: A Book About Heaven, Hell, and the Fate of Every Person Who Ever Lived|The most tragic strain in human existence lies in the fact that the pleasure which we find in the things of this life, however good that pleasure may be in itself, is always taken away from us. The things for which men strive hardly ever turn out to be as satisfying as they expected, and in the rare cases in which they do, sooner or later they are snatched away.... For the Christians, all those partial, broken and fleeting perfections which he glimpses in the world around him, which wither in his grasp and he snatches away from him even while the wither, are found again, perfect, complete and lasting in the absolute beauty of God.
Anne Rice, The Witching Hour|And oh, how she pitched herself into things. She would draw pictures all day long for weeks on end, then throw out the pencils and never draw another thing. Then it was embroidery with her, she had to learn it, and she'd make the most beautiful thing, fussing at herself for the least little mistake, then throw down the needles and be done with that forevermore. I never saw a child so changeable. It was as though she was looking for something to which she could give herself, and she never found it. Least ways not while she was a little girl.
Mark Kennedy|There are three kinds of intelligence: one kind understands things for itself, the other appreciates what others can understand, the third understands neither for itself nor through others. This first kind is excellent, the second good, and the third kind useless.
Elena Gorokhova, Russian Tattoo: A Memoir|Listen, I would say, this is not how I thought our lives would go; and maybe we cannot find our way out of this alley. But there is no one I'd rather be lost with.
Dubai 247|The Eggciting Easter Brunch at Seasons promises you and your family a celebration filled with eggcitement and a sumptuous spread. The little ones will be enthralled with egg hunt and egg decoration activities while the adults can relax with live entertainment and delicious food.Available on April 14 and 15, from 1.00 to 4.00 pmAED 245* per person with soft drinksAED 389* per person with house beverages
Hilary Mantel, Giving Up the Ghost|The story of my own childhood is a complicated sentence that I am always trying to finish, to finish and put behind me. It resists finishing, and partly this is because words are not enough; my early world was synaesthesic, and I am haunted by the ghosts of my own sense impressions, which re-emerge when I try to write, and shiver between the lines.
Russell Hoban, The Lion of Boaz-Jachin and Jachin-Boaz|The greatest of empires, is the empire over one's self.
Nathaniel Philbrick, Why Read Moby-Dick?|To be in the presence of a great leader is to know a blighted soul who has managed to make the darkness work for him. Ishmael says it best: "For all men tragically great are made so through a certain morbidness. Be sure of this, O young ambition, all mortal greatness is but a disease." In chapter 36, "The Quarter-Deck," Melville show us how susceptible we ordinary people are to the seductive power of a great and demented man.
Anna Quindlen|You can't trust a promise someone makes while they're drunk, in love, hungry, or running for office.
Natalie Ducey, The Heart's Journey Home|Love has two faces, one makes you alive and the other destroys you...
Elizabeth Gaskell, Ruth|What do you expect—not indifference or ingratitude?’ (-Miss Benson) ‘It is better not to expect or calculate consequences. The longer I live, the more fully I see that. Let us try simply to do right actions, without thinking of the feelings they are to call out in others. We know that no holy or self-denying effort can fall to the ground vain and useless; but the sweep of eternity is large, and God along knows when the effect is to be produced. We are trying to do right now, and to feel right; don’t let us perplex ourselves with endeavoring to map out how she should feel, or how she should show her feelings.’ (-Thurstan)
Bobbi Brown|I'm proud that today, at 43 years old, I've come to value the aging process and focus on inner rather than outer beauty.
Robin McKinley, Chalice|She held out her hand, like a man. He hesitated, then took the hand and shook it. It was very warm. You could not help but be aware of the wild passage of blood on the other side of its wall, veins, capillaries, sweat glands, tiny factories in the throes of complicated manufacture. [He] looked at the eyes and, knowing how eyes worked, was astonished, not for the first time, at the infinite complexity of Creation, wondering how this thing, this instrument for seeing, could transmit so clearly its entreaty while at the same time—-Look, I am only an eye—-denying that it was doing anything of the sort.
Paolo Bacigalupi, The Windup Girl|We are nature. Our every tinkering is nature, our every biological striving. We are what we are, and the world is ours. We are its gods. Your only difficulty is your unwillingness to unleash your potential fully upon it.
Charles Kettering|Governments and scientists in India need to ensure that politics and religious ideology do not intrude into science. They belong to separate spheres, and if they are not kept separate, it is science in India and the country as a whole that will suffer.
Ann D. Clark, Women & Recovery: Sex, Sobriety & Stepping Up: Practical Suggestions for Quality Living in Recovery|I would not encourage you to go through the sweat, blood, and tears of the recovery process only to reach some kind of mediocre state where you were just ‘managing’ the illness. It is possible to live without Ed.
Aletheia Luna, Awakened Empath: The Ultimate Guide to Emotional, Psychological and Spiritual Healing|When it comes to relationships, empaths truly shine. This is because it is not the face, body or personality of a person that empaths fall in love with, it is their Soul.
J.K. Rowling|We could have all been killed -or worse, expelled.
Joel Salatin|We have friends in Italy who have these old stoves, and they turn out the most beautiful food. All you really need is time, the best ingredients, and love.
Marie Lu, The Young Elites|He knew there were no forevers and there was always a way out, yet he lost his way, lost his balance.
C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce|I say let the world go to hell, but I should always have my tea.
David Pearce|Too many of our preferences reflect nasty behaviours and states of mind that were genetically adaptive in the ancestral environment. Instead, wouldn't it be better if we rewrote our own corrupt code?
Debasish Mridha|Before leaving the world, leave a profound positive mark of love upon the world.
Kemi Sogunle|Love is a choice. You can choose to love or hurt but the consequences you suffer will always be based on the choice you make. No one can force you to choose from the two but the state of your heart, soul and mind determines the one you lean towards. Remember, with hurt you can destroy but with love you can CONQUER!
Luther E. Vann, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love|It has been my personal experience that as I allow the painting to speak I become lost, it is delicious and at the same time frightening. The best ones, to me, have a life of their own.
Kermit Roosevelt III, Allegiance|We are at war, and in time of war there is only one rule. Form your battalion and fight.
G.M. Young, Victorian England: Portrait of an Age|we deceive ourselves if we believe we can hold on to old models as "ideologies whimper off to a shallow grave in prolonged agony of people, institutions and cultures.
Fred Upton|It is all very well for 2% of the population to live in a monastic state of meatlessness while everyone else gorges their way towards environmental meltdown or the nearest heart clinic. Vegetarianism is good for the willing minority, but not much use as a campaign tool.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|Feelings are your guide. Trust your feelings and learn to express them, and do not blame anyone for how you feel. Be yourself, observe yourself. Look to understand any crisis you have been in or will be in.
Jessica Simpson|What else do I have to offer? Nothing happens to me anymore. That’s the reality of getting old, and I guess that’s really the crux of the matter. I’m not ready to be old yet.
Bruce H. Lipton|Write that novel, sail that boat. And if you can't, immerse yourself in the fantasy, be the ultimate dabbler, just enjoy what it is you enjoy. It'll help you get well if you're going to get well, and it'll help you sail that great boat in the sky if that's what's going to happen. Onwards and Upwards. No regrets.
Steven Wright|I remember in grammar school the teacher asked if anyone had any hobbies. I was the only one with any hobbies and I had every hobby there was... name anything, no matter how esoteric. I could have given everyone a hobby and still had 40 or 50 to take home.
Aman Jassal, Rainbow - the shades of love|In the darkness of my dark-beating heart, I know. He'd have loved it, all right.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to be loved, love deeply and get lost in love.
Brother Andrew, Secret Believers: What Happens When Muslims Believe in Christ|God saves us because He loves us. It has nothing to do with our goodness or nobility, our achievements or agility. Our salvation depends completely upon our Savior.
Judy Blundell, What I Saw and How I Lied|Baby, I was in a war. Of course I get it. That's where all the bad in the world comes from. Guys who like being mean. I was that guy once. We were all that guy, for at least a minute. We had to be.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|I’m not capable of suffering completely. I never have. It goes only down to a certain point and then it stops. As long as there is that untouched point, it’s not really pain.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|An invention is a responsibility of the individual, society cannot invent, it can only applaud the invention and inventor.
Mary Todd Lincoln|Most people don't grow up. It's too damn difficult. What happens is most people get older. That's the truth of it. They honor their credit cards, they find parking spaces, they marry, they have the nerve to have children, but they don't grow up.
Pat Paulsen|I know most people use their phones to tell time, but there's something very romantic and beautiful about a timepiece.
Shokugeki No Soma|With my heart thumping, I froze up. I didn't dance. I was born with two left feet and they only worked together in the saddle. "Come on," Casey urged and grabbed my hand. "I wore my steel-toe boots. You can stand on my feet for all I care.
Fernando Lachica, OFW: This is My Life and Story|Storytelling entails weaving a narrative out of the disturbing, strange, inspirational, and unremarkable detritus of life. By picking among the litter of our personal experiences to select evocative anecdotes to weave into a narrative format, we reveal which of life’s legendary offerings prove the most sublime to us. Acts of omission are momentous. Our narration of personal sketches divulge what factoids inspire us or do not stir us into action, or contain obdurate truths that prove virtually impossible to crack.
Carsten Jensen, We, the Drowned|To Ejinar that cannonball was a monster with a will of its own. It showed him what war was: not a battery that exploded and sent matchstick soldiers fleeing, but a dragon that breathed hot fire on his naked heart.
Dee Hock, One from Many: VISA and the Rise of Chaordic Organization|The essence of community, its heart and soul, is the non-monetary exchange of value; things we do and share because we care for others, and for the good of the place.
David G. McAfee, Mom, Dad, I'm an Atheist: The Guide to Coming Out as a Non-Believer|If there is a Creator-God, it has used methods of creation that are indistinguishable from nature, it has declined to make itself known for all of recorded history, it doesn't intervene in affairs on earth, and has made itself impossible to observe. Even if you believe in that God... why would you think it would want to be worshiped?
Shalom Auslander, Hope: A Tragedy|It couldn't be an all-bad world, could it, not with birds who warble and call? Maybe that was the secret - to find the few things that made life just a fraction better, and to focus on those. Bird warbles. Peach fuzz. Puppies barking as if they're full grown dogs. Nothing great, certainly nothing to justify the rest of it, but enough to keep you going.
Jennifer A. Nielsen, The Runaway King|And I want you to find something in the hills for the vigils to protect, like a rock or a thornbush. I don't want them around here.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|When you enter a relationship, ask yourself: Will I be prisoner to an idol by seeing the body, or free in relationship by seeing the soul?
Titanic|How can you say anything other than Ratatouille is Pixar's best movie? Your a chef, for Christ's sake," Sue said.Lou smiled at Sue's accusatory tone. She needed this distraction.Harley rolled his eyes and said, "You're letting your biases show, Sue. Up uses music better- like a character. The opening fifteen minutes is some of the best filmmaking- ever. And who doesn't love a good squirrel joke?""But Ratatouille brings it all back to food." Sue waved a carrot in the air to emphasize her point. "They made you want to eat food cooked by a rat! I'd eat the food; it looked magnificent. That rat cooked what he loved; what tasted good. Like I've been telling Lou, we should cook food from the heart, not just the cookbook.
David Levithan, Are We There Yet?|Waste forces within him, and a desert all around, this man stood still on his way across a silent terrace, and saw for a moment, lying in the wilderness before him, a mirage of honourable ambition, self-denial, and perseverance. In the fair city of this vision, there were airy galleries from which the loves and graces looked upon him, gardens in which the fruits of life hung ripening, waters of Hope that sparkled in his sight. A moment and it was gone. Climbing to a high chamber in a well of houses, he threw himself down in his clothes on a neglected bed, and its pillow was wet with wasted tears.
Erika Johansen, The Invasion of the Tearling|...one cannot deal with pure evil, with the naked, full-conscious evil that neither has nor seeks justification.
Martin N. Marger, Elites and Masses|Power, it seems, is one of those terms we all understand and can explain--until asked to do so.
Chris Matakas|Devoting yourself to a particular art is invaluable. The art becomes our vehicle with which we drive down the road of life. We use this vehicle to learn about ourselves and this place, to conquer fears, to become more of what we already are. In my own life, I have found most valuable the transferable skills of learning from jiu jitsu to all other facets of day to day study. In devoting myself with such commitment to this art, in undertaking the task of understanding jiu jitsu to whatever degree by circumstance allows, I have unknowingly learned how to learn.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|This deliberate focus and sensitivity allow you to "put yourself in another person’s shoes and walk around a while" to better understand where they are coming from and what they are all about.
Richard Dawkins|In college I never realized the opportunities available to a pro athlete. I've been given the chance to meet all kinds of people, to travel and expand my financial capabilities, to get ideas and learn about life, to create a world apart from basketball.
Mark Jeffrey|. . . and together you're what, the Super Friends?
Edward Young|It's difficult to get started-when it comes to dealing with an unknown quantity, people are reluctant to trust their own opinion. It helps if two or three people give you a boost.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|Music is a proud, temperamental mistress. Give her the time and attention she deserves, and she is yours. Slight her and there will come a day when you call and she will not answer. So I began sleeping less to give her the time she needed.
Charlotte Stein, Past Pleasures|It was like the color of his eyes, she supposed - not quite one shade or another, and utterly unlike anyone else's.
Michael  Grant, Plague|Quinn came forward and Sam pulled him aside. His old friend looked tortured and sad.“What’s up, brah?” Sam asked.Quinn couldn’t speak. He was choked with emotion. “Dude . . .”“You want to stay in town.”“My crews . . . my boats and all . . .”Sam put a hand on his shoulder. “Quinn, I’m glad you found something so important to do. Something you really like.”“Yeah, but . . .”Sam pulled him into a brief hug. “You and me, we’re still friends, man. But you have responsibilities.
Cameron Conaway, Caged: Memoirs of a Cage-Fighting Poet|Fighting and writing’s deepest layers of beauty lie not only in the physical and mental realms of what we know, but also as an incognizable instinct, a realm we will never fully know but will forever feel.
Pope Benedict XVI|From a theological point of view, Easter is the center of the Church year; but Christmas is the most profoundly human feast of faith, because it allows us to feel most deeply the humanity of God. The crib has a unique power to show us what it means to say that God wished to be “Immanuel”—a “God with us”, a God whom we may address in intimate language, because he encounters us as a child.
Danielle L. Jensen, Stolen Songbird|Hmmm,' the King said, making a face. 'I'm not sure this is what we bargained for, boy. We expected the girl to be attractive.' If I hadn't been so terrified, I would have been insulted.
Sunday Adelaja|The way the early Protestants taught on the other hand is that everybody is a full time minister in their various places of work. They went to the extent of saying, your job, profession, occupation is your calling.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|For rigorous teachers seized my youth, And purged its faith, and trimm'd its fire, Show'd me the high, white star of Truth, There bade me gaze, and there aspire. Even now their whispers pierce the gloom: What dost thou in this living tomb?
Aaron Earls|I have traveled millions of miles, speaking to Christians. I have counseled privately with hundreds of them about their beliefs and lifestyles. What I have found has to be one of the most tragic ironies of all time: A tiny group of believers who have the Gospel keep mumbling it over and over to themselves. Meanwhile, millions who have never heard it once fall into the flames of eternal hell without ever hearing the salvation story.
Zelda Fitzgerald, The Collected Writings|. . . she tried to weave the strength of her father and the young beauty of her first love with David, the happy oblivion of her teens and her warm protected childhood into a magic cloak.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Jehowah-Jireh is my provider, redeemer and defender.
Nikola Tesla|We have a list of human rights - right to food, right to shelter, right to health, right to education, many such items which are considered and accepted as bill of rights. These are to be insured to people. So all nations, all societies try to do that.
Harrish Sairaman|No target is ‘easy or difficult’ on its own, it depends on who you are, that makes the target look easy or difficult!!!!
Kare Anderson, Mutuality Matters How You Can Create More Opportunity, Adventure & Friendship With Others|I am a storyteller, for better and for worse. I suspect that a feeling for stories, for narrative, is a universal human disposition, going with our powers of language, consciousness of self, and autobiographical memory.
Shannon Claire Morelli, Heaven Awaits|The pendulum wall clock ticked and the ancient refrigerator clicked on. From outside came the low mooing of a cow. Such peace, thought Emily.
Rachel Hawkins, School Spirits|That's it. Be yourself. Be Isolde Brannick, and they will have no choice but to adore you," He reached out and took my hand, pressing a kiss to the back of it. I was too stunned to do anything but sit there, my hand limp in his.
Richard Rohr, Falling Upward: A Spirituality for the Two Halves of Life|Hell begins with a grumbling mood, always complaining, always blaming others... but you are still distinct from it. You may even criticize it in yourself and wish you could stop it. But there may come a day when you can no longer. Then there will be no you left to criticize the mood or even to enjoy it, but just the grumble itself, going on forever like a machine. It is not a question of God "sending us" to hell. In each of us there is something growing, which will BE hell unless it is nipped in the bud. 
Rachel Naomi Remen, Kitchen Table Wisdom: Stories That Heal|If we fear loss enough, in the end the things we possess will come to possess us.
Rand Olson, Children of Promise: The Ultimate Guide to Raising Healthy Kids|As we mature and develop awareness to match our potential, our ability to enjoy full health is realized. As we enjoy this fruit, we sow the seeds of greatness in our children.
Shiv Kumar Batalvi|The cross solved our problem by first revealing our real problem, our universal pattern of scapegoating and sacrificing others. The cross exposes forever the scene of our crime.
Ronald Wright, A Short History of Progress|People afraid of outsiders are easily manipulated. The warrior caste, supposedly society's protectors, often become protection racketeers. In times of war or crisis, power is easily stolen from the many by the few on a promise of security. The more elusive or imaginary the foe, the better for manufacturing consent. The Inquisition did a roaring trade against the Devil.
Neil Gaiman, The View from the Cheap Seats: Selected Nonfiction|The landscape always changed, but the magic never did. The tales were told to children wrapped up in sheets, to frighten or to soothe, but those doing the telling didn't have to believe. Perhaps it was just as well that they didn't, for the stories got so much of it wrong. They always do. The legends told of dragons and faeries, of locked towers and imprisoned princesses, and this was true enough.
Mehek Bassi|Our backyard looked like a marketplace. Valuable objects, precious rugs, silver candlesticks, Bibles and other ritual objects were strewn over the dusty grounds- pitiful relics that seemed never to have had a home. All this under a magnificent blue sky.
Amit Kalantri|Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems.
Bo Burnham, Egghead: Or, You Can't Survive on Ideas Alone|Hanged"I hung myself today. Hanged? Whatever,the point is I hanged myself today and I’m stillhanging.I feel fine. Just bored. I keep hoping thatsomeone will come home and cut me downbut then I keep remembering that if I knewsomeone like that I wouldn’t be up here. Bitironic, right? Or is that not ironic? I readsomewhere that, like, anything funny is,in some way, ironic. But I don’t know if it'sfunny or not. I don’t think my brain owns“funny”, you know?I feel taller. I like that.I’ve never been away from my shadow forthis long. It had always clung to my feet,parting momentarily for a quick dive intothe swimming pool. But never for fivehours. I like it. There’s three feet of spacebetween my two and the floor.I wanted something this morning. I may bestuck. But at least I’m three feet closer to it.
Jacques Barzun|Then he asked my age and I asked his. That's the tradition in China. If we know each other's ages we can understand each other's past. We Chinese have been collective for so long, personal histories are not worth mentioning. Therefore as soon as Xiaolin and I knew how old the other was, we knew exactly what big shit had happened in our lives. The introduction of the One Child Policy shortly before out births, for instance and the fact that, in 1985, two pandas were sent to the USA as a national gift and we had to sing a tearful panda song at school. 1989 was the Tiananmen Square student demonstration. Anyway, Xiaolin was one year younger than me, so I assumed we were from the same generation.
Albert Camus, The Rebel: An Essay on Man in Revolt|I have crossed the seas, I have left cities behind me,and I have followed the source of rivers towards theirsource or plunged into forests, always making for othercities. I have had women, I have fought with men ; andI could never turn back any more than a record can spinin reverse. And all that was leading me where ?To this very moment...
André Gunder Frank|Who constitutes the nation? Only the elite?Or do the hundreds of millions of poor in India also make up the nation? Are their interests never identified with national interest? Or is there more than one nation? That is the question you often run up against in some of India's poorest areas. Areas where extremely poor people go into destitution making way for firing ranges, jet fighter plants, coal mines, power projects, dams, sanctuaries, prawn and shrimp farms, even poultry farms. If the costs they bear are the 'price' of development, then the rest of the 'nation' is having one endless free lunch.
Nicholas D. Kristof, Half the Sky: Turning Oppression into Opportunity for Women Worldwide|When anesthesia was developed, it was for many decades routinely withheld from women giving birth, since women were "supposed" to suffer. One of the few societies to take a contrary view was the Huichol tribe in Mexico. The Huichol believed that the pain of childbirth should be shared, so the mother would hold on to a string tied to her husband's testicles. With each painful contraction, she would give the string a yank so that the man could share the burden. Surely if such a mechanism were more widespread, injuries in childbirth would garner more attention.
Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer|Wait," I said as Noah slipped a book from a shelf and headed toward the door. "Where are you going?""To read?"But I don't want you to. "But I need to go home," I said, my eyes meeting his. "My parents are going to kill me.""Taken care of. You're at Sophie's house."I loved Sophie."So I'm...staying here?""Daniel's covering for you."I loved Daniel."Where's Katie?" I asked, trying to sound casual."Eliza's house."I loved Eliza."And your parents?" I asked."Some charity thing."I loved charity."So why are you going to read when I'm right here?
Tony Dovale|Culture is the constant constraint that controls creativity, commitment, collaboration, and cohesion.
Richard de Bury|In books I find the dead as if they were alive; in books I foresee things to come; in books warlike affairs are set forth; from books come forth the laws of peace.All things are corrupted and decay in time; Saturn ceases not to devour the children that he generates; all the glory of the world would be buried in oblivion, unless God had provided mortals with the remedy of books.
Jonathan Tropper|Candidates should be extremely cautious in displaying a sense of humor. If he or she tells a joke with a point, there is almost certain to be some minority group offended.
Vicki Lawrence|I don't know who came up with this idea that it's cool to hate on other girls, 'cause it's not.
Erma Bombeck|If you don't wake up with something in your stomach every day that makes you think  "I want to make this movie " it'll never get made.
Amit Kalantri|Be creative while inventing ideas, but be disciplined while implementing them.
Hill Harper|Before language, cavemen simply grunted, and then they used the club. Communication changed that. It's the mechanism that created civilization and prevents its own destruction.
Jerome|The face is the mirror of the mind, and eyes without speaking confess the secrets of the heart.
Michael Chrichton|If you don't know history, you don't know anything. You are a leaf that doesn't know it is part of a tree.
Rebecca McNutt, Listen is Silent, or The Usurer|Geraldine keeps her eyes trained on him as she slowly reaches into her purse, wrapping her fingers around her gun. “…Callo, I’m so sorry that your life ended up this way,” she sighs as she gets out of her side of the car, her feet burning from the cold as her high heels sink into the fallen snow. “Aren’t you scared?”“I’m you, Geraldine… I fell into the same trap as you, anyway,” Callo answers. His large eyes are shining with tears, but he doesn’t seem afraid in the least. “…The dead don’t feel anything, you know… not even guilt or regret. So, what is there to be afraid of?
Liv Tyler|I'm nutty for nutrition. I've become one of those people who can't stop talking about the connection between food and health. Now that I know how much changing what you eat can transform your life, I can't stop proselytizing.
Matisyahu|The real reason Jews don't have more Hanukkah music is that, historically, American Jewish singer-songwriters were too busy making Christmas music. 'White Christmas,' 'Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer,' 'Silver Bells' and 'The Christmas Song (Chestnuts Roasting)' were all written by Jews.
SaySen|On most guys, Hale's smile would have looked sheepish. On him, it was so roguishly charming that Kat's heart actually skipped a beat.
Chuck Noll|We may be personally defeated, but our principles never!
Alexander McCall Smith, The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency|If our well-being depends upon the interaction between events in our brains and events in the world, and there are better and worse ways to secure it, then some cultures will tend to produce lives that are more worth living than others; some political persuasions will be more enlightened than others; and some world views will be mistaken in ways that cause needless human misery.
Jamie Foxx|It was, you know, probably 80 degrees out in L.A., and my dad took me outside and there was snow. At the time, I thought, 'Every kid doesn't have snow in their backyard on Christmas?'
Himanshu Vassanpal|People are so busy polishing their past, that they forget to paint their future.
Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand|The reason negative emotions burn out so very slowly in us is because we keep igniting them with old, unpleasant memories.
Janna Cachola|Ever since I was 12 years old, my mother have always taught me to learn to be a leader. To start learning now! When you have the time to take time to learn and have every chance to be mentored. Don't be ashamed to be high maintenance when it comes to development.
W.P. Kinsella|On the other hand, when we disown our beliefs, we lose touch with ourselves. We no longer know who we are or what we believe and neither does anyone else.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Small mind competes, big mind collaborates and great mind encompasses.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, White Nights|I am glad it cannot happen twice, the fever of first love. For it is a fever, and a burden, too, whatever the poets may say. They are not brave, the days when we are twenty-one. They are full of little cowardices, little fears without foundation, and one is so easily bruised, so swiftly wounded, one falls to the first barbed word. To-day, wrapped in the complacent armour of approaching middle age, the infinitesimal pricks of day by day brush one but lightly and are soon forgotten, but then--how a careless word would linger, becoming a fiery stigma, and how a look, a glance over a shoulder, branded themselves as things eternal. A denial heralded the thrice crowing of a cock, and an insincerity was like the kiss of Judas. The adult mind can lie with untroubled conscience and a gay composure, but in those days even a small deception scoured the tongue, lashing one against the stake itself.
Brandon Sanderson, The Hero of Ages|Hobey-Ho, let's go.
Brenna Yovanoff|The new mythology of love was that it bent to the fashion of the day, obligated to take the shape of doves, lilies, jewels. This is a lie. Love is sometimes as passionate as war.
Shannon Hale, The Goose Girl|When you get tired of worrying and mourning your horse and trying not to be afraid, tell me and I'll do it for you a while so you can shut your eyes and sleep peaceful.
Thomas Browne, Urne Burial|As she climbed down from the stage, I thought: This is what courage is. It's not just living through the nightmare, it's doing something with it afterward. It's being brave enough to talk about it to other people. It's trying to organize to change things.
Ali Novak, My Life with the Walter Boys|He asked what she was in for and complimented the find workmanship of her metal extremities, but she ignored him, making him briefly question if he'd been separated from the female population for so long that he could be losing his charm.  But that seemed unlikely.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Master of Maxims|After or before any happiness, someone must cry.
Paul Theroux|One of the things the 'Tao of Travel' shows is how unforthcoming most travel writers are, how most travelers are. They don't tell you who they were traveling with, and they're not very reliable about things that happened to them.
Henry Van Dyke|Christmas! The very word brings joy to our hearts. No matter how we may dread the rush, the long Christmas lists for gifts and cards to be bought and given--when Christmas Day comes there is still the same warm feeling we had as children, the same warmth that enfolds our hearts and our homes.
Ilona Andrews, Gunmetal Magic|The gods are real crazy when it comes to prayers. They listen to some sometimes and do not listen to some sometimes. But the whole world prays, nonetheless-All the time
Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything|Whatever it is that you're afraid of, I'll stand between you and it my whole life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you wish to compare, compare yourself with God's commandment.
Jeremy Aldana|The Universe contains three things that cannot be destroyed; Being, Awareness and LOVE
Kirby Howell, Autumn in the City of Angels|His touch was like an electric current that ran through his fingers into my cheek and down the back of my neck.I took another step back, away from him. "Don't do that," I whispered and hated the part of myself that died for his soft touch. "Why? Why do you do things like that if you agree we shouldn't be involved? It's confusing and... and you make it so much worse." My words tumbled over each other as they poured from my mouth.He didn't reach for me again. His blue eyes were sad.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|For the writer under Actually Existing Socialism describing sex is a simple matter: he simply does not do it (the describing, I mean, not the sex).
Hermann Hesse, Wandering|It’s just as hard to go back to a place you once left, as it is to leave it again.
Brennan Manning, All Is Grace: A Ragamuffin Memoir|A traditional Englishman drinks tea to the point where his blood has long-since been replaced with an infusion of Ceylon, Assam, and Darjeeling.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|When inside of her, he’s beside himself.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|Doubt, fear, and hesitation are enemies of the mind, for a weak will severs our inborn connection with the universe, dampens the faith with which we are able to join our will to it.
Murray N. Rothbard|The reason that the rich were so rich, Vimes reasoned, was because they managed to spend less money.Take boots, for example. He earned thirty-eight dollars a month plus allowances. A really good pair of leather boots cost fifty dollars. But an affordable pair of boots, which were sort of OK for a season or two and then leaked like hell when the cardboard gave out, cost about ten dollars. Those were the kind of boots Vimes always bought, and wore until the soles were so thin that he could tell where he was in Ankh-Morpork on a foggy night by the feel of the cobbles.But the thing was that good boots lasted for years and years. A man who could afford fifty dollars had a pair of boots that'd still be keeping his feet dry in ten years' time, while the poor man who could only afford cheap boots would have spent a hundred dollars on boots in the same time and would still have wet feet.This was the Captain Samuel Vimes 'Boots' theory of socioeconomic unfairness.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Lay down your cynicism, and believe in the transformational power of love.
Jessi Klein, You'll Grow Out of It|He saw what they either couldn't see or couldn't allow themselves to see, and that only made him more pissed, because being less stupid than one's parents is repulsive, like taking a gulp from a glass of milk that you thought was orange juice.
Nicole  Lyons|Whatever it is that stirs your soul, listen to that. Everything else is just noise.
Benny Fine|The day before the anniversary of D-Day, we lost a man who was equaled by few and surpassed by none as a leader in the cause of freedom: Ronald Reagan.
S.Z.J. Mtshali|Sometimes it's better to pretend as if you know nothing. The vast majority of people can't be trusted, but in God I trust.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|I had been to school most all the time, and could spell, and read, and write just a little, and could say the multiplication table up to six times seven is thirty-five, and I don't reckon I could ever get any further than that if I was to live forever. I don't take no stock in mathematics, anyway.
David Paul Kirkpatrick, Breakfast in the temple|More than happiness or joy or lower blood pressure, the practice of God’s presence gives us meaning. Through this practice we become more closely aligned with Jesus and we learn His desire for us more completely.Life can be hard. The Practice of The Presence of God makes it easier. As Brother Lawrence said, “There is not in the world a kind of life more sweet and delightful than that of a continual conversation with God.
Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum|Will stared at him with utter disbelief. “Am I really supposed to answer that? What do you think I want? I want you.” He added bitterly, “Who wouldn’t want you? Seeing you’re so sweet-tempered and understanding.
W. Ian Thomas|No weekends for the gods now. Warsflicker, earth licks its open sores,fresh breakage, fresh promotions, chanceassassinations, no advance.Only man thinning out his own kindsounds through the Sabbath noon, the blindswipe of the pruner and his knifebusy about the tree of life...Pity the planet, all joy gonefrom this sweet volcanic cone;peace to our children when they fallin small war on the heels of smallwar - until the end of timeto police th eearth, a ghostorbiting forever lostin our monotonous sublime.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|In the fashion industry, everything goes retro except the prices.
Brad Goreski|If we are peaceful, if we are happy, we can smile, and everyone in our family, our entire society, will benefit from our peace.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|Skeptical scientists often point out, as Carl Sagan has, that the wonders of real science far surpass the supposed wonders of fringe science. I think it is possible to invert that idea, and to say that the wonders of real consciousness far surpass what conventional science admits can exist.
Graham Greene, The Ministry of Fear|A police photograph is like a passport photograph: the intelligence which casts a veil over the crude common shape is never recorded by the cheap lens. No one can deny the contours of the flesh, the shape of nose and mouth, and yet we protest, This isn't me.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|There is no problem that greater consciousness and compassion, enjoined with positive resolve of will cannot solve.
Patty Houser, A Woman's Guide to Knowing What You Believe: How to Love God With Your Heart and Your Mind|I'll always be here if you need me. I may not share your faith, but I will always help you fight for what you believe in.
Jane Kenyon, Otherwise: New and Selected Poems|In the Christian community thankfulness is just what it is anywhere else in the Christian life. Only he who gives thanks for little things receives the big things. We prevent God from giving us the great spiritual gifts He has in store for us, because we do not give thanks for daily gifts. We think we dare not be satisfied with the small measure of spiritual knowledge, experience, and love that has been given to us, and that we must constantly be looking forward eagerly for the highest good. Then we deplore the fact that we lack the deep certainty, the strong faith, and the rich experience that God has given to others, and we consider this lament to be pious. We pray for the big things and forget to give thanks for the ordinary, small (and yet really not small) gifts. How can God entrust great things to one who will not thankfully receive from Him the little things? If we do not give thanks daily for the Christian fellowship in which we have been placed, even where there is no great experience, no discoverable riches, but much weakness, small faith, and difficulty; if on the contrary, we only keep complaining to God that everything is so paltry and petty, so far from what we expected, then we hinder God from letting our fellowship grow according to the measure and riches which are there for us all in Jesus Christ.
Bryan Curtis, Classic Wisdom for the Good Life|He saw Hercules in the movie theater time after time, hour after hour, examining Park, judging him, admiring him, and, ultimately, promising himself that one day he, Arnold Schwarzenegger, then thirteen years old and poor as he was, would be like him, would even surpass Reg Park.
Kate Light|There Comes the Strangest MomentThere comes the strangest moment in your life,when everything you thought before breaks free--what you relied upon, as ground-rule and as ritelooks upside down from how it used to be.Skin's gone pale, your brain is shedding cells;you question every tenet you set down;obedient thoughts have turned to infidelsand every verb desires to be a noun.I want--my want. I love--my love. I'll staywith you. I thought transitions were the best,but I want what's here to never go away.I'll make my peace, my bed, and kiss this breast…Your heart's in retrograde. You simply have no choice.Things people told you turn out to be true.You have to hold that body, hear that voice.You'd have sworn no one knew you more than you.How many people thought you'd never change?But here you have. It's beautiful. It's strange.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Jesus told His disciples that the “world,” meaning the world system, the political and social order organized apart from God, will despise Christians.
Jane Hirshfield, Come, Thief|The psyche of some people, whether through innate structure or via adaption to personal experiences, is uniquely adept for absolute aloneness.
Chris Sprudz|Several themes describe misconceptions about mental illness and corresponding stigmatizing attitudes. Media analyses of film and print have identified three: people with mental illness are homicidal maniacs who need to be feared; they have childlike perceptions of the world that should be marveled; or they are responsible for their illness because they have weak character (29-32)."World Psychiatry. 2002 Feb; 1(1): 16–20.PMCID: PMC1489832Understanding the impact of stigma on people with mental illnessPATRICK W CORRIGAN and AMY C WATSON
Renee Olstead|Eating at home is fine, as I can easily work around the foods that don't agree with me and still eat heartily with the rest of my family. I don't force them to follow my diet.
Erich Fromm, Escape from Freedom|An individual may be alone in a physical sense for many years and yet he may be related to ideas, values, or at least social patterns that give him a feeling of communion and "belonging." On the other hand, he may live among people and yet be overcome with an utter feeling of isolation, the outcome of which, if it transcends a certain limit, is the state of insanity which schizophrenic disturbances present.
Jean Rhys|Anything you like; anything I like... No past to make us sentimental, no future to embarrass us
Marty Rubin|Children, like God, see only our actions.
Kate Meader, Playing with Fire|Most humans expressed affection by pressing their lips together, a simple act, so why would anyone feel the need to research the process?
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|I don't think that women ought to sit down at table with men. It ruins conversation and I'm sure it's very bad for them. It puts ideas in their heads, and women are never at ease with themselves when they have ideas.
Rak Razam, Aya: A Shamanic Odyssey|Are you seeing Jesus yet? Eric the ayahuasca virgin asks me this morning over a late brunch at the Yellow Rose... We're trading visions like trading card stats, comparing our different curanderos and gossiping like schoolgirls while the street vendors and fabric hustlers stand around by the dozen... 'Am I becoming like Jesus would probably be a better way to explain it,' I respond, and it's true. I feel like I'm walking on water. The aftermath of the ayahuasca experience is glorious: I feel lighter, clearner, like a hard drive that's been defragged and all my pathways are re-linked up to each other, whole, and able to express joy once again. This is what it fees like to be healed, my whole body radiates from the inside-out.
Anthony T. Hincks|Just because you haven't got a home, doesn't make you homeless.andJust because you don't have a heart, doesn't make you heartless.Now, does it?
Ashton Eaton|People assume that you need to run fast to get to optimum fitness, but the truth is endurance lifting makes you stronger and leaner.
S R Nathan|Aim for happiness because if you keep looking to reach perfection, you're never going to appreciate anything.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|When the present feels as endless as an impossibly long hallway between airport terminals, white and sterile and numb, we're particularly receptive to signs.
Gabriel García Márquez, Living to Tell the Tale|I discovered the miracle that all things that sound are music, including the dishes and silverware in the dishwasher, as long as they fulfill the illusion of showing us where life is heading.
Andrew Rilstone|I suggested in my last sermon that if Oolon Colluphid had tracked down the "God" who had left a message in five mile high letters of fire on the Quentulus Quazgar Mountains, he still wouldn't have found the person who actually created the The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy – namely, Douglas Adams. Dorothy L. Sayers pressed the idea that "God is like an author" quite hard, and C.S. Lewis practically broke it. It's also been used by Mr Grant Morrison and Mr David Sim. But seriously. You "brights" will understand us Christians much better once you've grasped that when we talk about "God", we are thinking of something much less like a fairy and much more like a Douglas.
Kim Jong-un|As someone who has more than a passing acquaintance with most of the 20th century presidents, I have often thought that their accomplishments have little staying power in shaping popular views of their leadership.
Alan Thicke|All too often miners, and indeed other trade unionists, underestimate the economic strength they have.
Jim Garrison|I'm afraid, based on my own experience, that fascism will come to America in the name of national security.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|Everything in art depends on execution: the story of a louse can be as beautiful as the story of Alexander. You must write according to your feelings, be sure those feelings are true, and let everything else go hang. When a line is good it ceases to belong to any school. A line of prose must be as immutable as a line of poetry.
Isaiah Berlin, The Crooked Timber of Humanity: Chapters in the History of Ideas|Both liberty and equality are among the primary goals pursued by human beings throughout many centuries; but total liberty for wolves is death to the lambs, total liberty of the powerful, the gifted, is not compatible with the rights to a decent existence of the weak and the less gifted.
Touaxia Vang|Love is like a piece of chocalate. It's looks and tastes good, but it's dark. What really matters is the inside.
Neil Simon, Brighton Beach Memoirs|No, she learned that true love was epic stuff, as told by Mary.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Powerful|Sam could feel his jaw drop open, but it took him a moment to gather himself together enough to shut it. He blinked at Jazz. "Did that cat just talk, or am I losing my mind?"	Koshka laughed, a bizarre sound coming from something with whiskers and ear tufts. "So you believe in witches but not to talking cats? You have a very limited worldview, Human. You might want to work on that.
Stephen Fry, Moab Is My Washpot|It is the useless things that make life worth living and that make life dangerous too: wine, love, art, beauty. Without them life is safe, but not worth bothering with.
Sunday Adelaja|You have to work at having quality in your church, because people that are influential in your city may be God’s instruments for resolving all kinds of problems that will most surely come up in the future.
Brie Larson|I didn't have a regular school experience and wanted a more abstract way of learning. I started exploring in lots of different creative ways. It gave me the opportunity to travel and play music, so it was good for me.
Mat Johnson, Loving Day|I was a boy that age once, and I know that 97.7 percent of their bodies are semen and the 2.8 percent is an incendiary device for spraying it.
Nicole Krauss, Forest Dark|He had slept next to her for thirty-six years, and the mattress felt different without her weight, however slight, and without the rhythm of her breath the dark had no measure. There were times he woke feeling cold from the lack of the heat that once came from between her thighs and behind her knees. He might have even called her, if he could have momentarily forgotten that he already knew everything she could possibly say.
G.S. Jennsen, Starshine: Aurora Rising Book One|No…you can ask for a beautiful, witty, intelligent yet minxy woman in your arms every night, a mansion on a hill—or better yet in the sky—and the best bodyguards to protect you when someone does inevitably try to kill you. For starters.
Scott Lynch, Red Seas Under Red Skies|I’m engaged in the dance of the ages and the search for a song to go with it. Though Templeton’s A Veritable Smorgasbord is a well-deserving classic, it’s a stanza too short for my morphing existence. So I write my own.
Ben Mitchell|I hope I can never trust my wife. If I trust her it means I know her. If I know her it means I understand her. If I understand her it means I can control her, and if I can control her it would make her boring and uninteresting… Dear god I hope I can never trust my wife…
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions|And here, according to Trout, was the reason human beings could not reject ideas because they were bad: "Ideas on Earth were badges of friendship or enmity. Their content did not matter. Friends agreed with friends, in order to express friendliness. Enemies disagreed with enemies, in order to express enmity. "The ideas Earthlings held didn't matter for hundreds of thousands of years, since they couldn't do much about them anyway. Ideas might as well be badges as anything."They even had a saying about the futility of ideas: 'If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.' "And then Earthlings discovered tools. Suddenly agreeing with friends could be a form of suicide or worse. But agreements went on, not for the sake of common sense or decency or self-preservation, but for friendliness."Earthlings went on being friendly, when they should have been thinking instead. And even when they built computers to do some thinking for them, they designed them not so much for wisdom as for friendliness. So they were doomed. Homicidal beggars could ride.
Sabaa Tahir, A Torch Against the Night|In the midst of uncertainty, Doubt stealthy in. And in the face of Doubt, One must hold steadfast to Hope.
Jonathan  Barnes, The Somnambulist|This was a townscape raised in the teeth of cold winds from the east; a city of winding cobbled streets and haughty pillars; a city of dark nights and candlelight, and intellect.
E. Haldeman-Julius, The meaning of atheism|We advocate the atheistic philosophy because it is the only clear, consistent position which seems possible to us. As atheists, we simply deny the assumptions of theism; we declare that the God idea, in all its features, is unreasonable and unprovable; we add, more vitally, that the God idea is an interference with the interests of human happiness and progress. We oppose religion not merely as a set of theological ideas; but we must also oppose religion as a political, social and moral influence detrimental to the welfare of humanity.
David H. Keller|He leaned into Le Voir’s face with the calliper and breathed on him, holding forth on this new science of which calibration was the test; these measurements would describe classes of being and we who had provided the parameters would be fit within them. To hear him tell it, this classification of species was the hope of Man.
Brian Tracy|The more credit you give away, the more will come back to you. The more you help others, the more they will want to help you.
T.L. Reeve, Bear Essentials|Don’t you have someone else to harass? People to eat?”“Nope. You’re at the top of my list.”“Well, aren’t I special?
Edmund White, Our Young Man|While many people define being a man or a woman as being dependent on reproductive capacity, it is worth noting (should such a superficial argument present itself) that there are many males and females who are born male or female and cannot reproduce either. Are they to be considered 'not male' and 'not female'? Or does that only apply to transgender people?
Cynthia Kadohata|Although Martin Luther's theological message was couched as an exhortation to all Christian people, his frame of reference, the human experiences on which he drew and his emotional sympathies, or almost entirely German.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|Do you know how hard it is to paint kindness?” She leaned her hip against a desk in the corner of the room, still watching me. “It’s the only part of a person I really want to capture. Everything else seems to get lost in layers of deception or defensiveness. But not kindness. You can’t hide it. And people either are or they aren’t.
Marcus Tullius Cicero, Treatises on Friendship and Old Age|My fiftieth year had come and gone,I sat, a solitary man,In a crowded London shop,An open book and empty cupOn the marble table-top.While on the shop and street I gazedMy body of a sudden blazed;And twenty minutes more or lessIt seemed, so great my happiness,That I was blessed and could bless.
John Tuley|Solitude can be used well by very few people. They who do must have a knowledge of the world to see the foolishness of it, and enough virtue to despise all the vanity.
Joseph Campbell|When you consider socialism, do not fool yourself about its nature. Remember that there is no such dichotomy as “human rights” versus “property rights.” No human rights can exist without property rights.
Natalie Coughlin|If somebody asked me about my inspiration I would say that it's not the peopleand it's not the things, it's travel and experiencing different environments.
Alice Valdal, Her One and Only|You can stretch to your fullest in this land, Emma, and not touch any edges. There's no dream too big for the wilderness. I'd hate to see it tamed and carved up into little fiefdoms.
Michael  Grant, Fear|It takes me a while to figure things out, doesn't it?" Edilio grinned. "Do me a favor. When you find Astrid, repeat that to her, word for word, the part about how it takes you a while. Then remember her exact reaction and tell me.
Martin Luther King Jr.|In the common world of fact the wicked were not punished, nor the good rewarded. Success was given to the strong, failure thrust upon the weak. That was all. 
Agona Apell, The Success Genome Unravelled: Turning Men from Rot to Rock|An earthquake achieves what the law promises but does not in practice maintain," one of the survivors wrote. "The equality of all men".
Kellyn Roth, The Lady of the Vineyard|Her beloved lunatic needed her–whether he knew it or not. Whatever it took, she was not leaving without him.
D.L. Hess, Sir|Caroline, beside herself, dragged me down to her, her breast was against mine, and by a circular movement seemed to caress it. The pretty strawberries which crowned her breasts, jealous at meeting others as fair, endeavoured to engage them in combat.
Andrea T. Goeglein, Don't Die Waiting to Be Brave|Then help us.”“I don’t want to make trouble, Madame.”“Isn’t doing nothing a kind of troublemaking?”“Doing nothing is doing nothing.”“Doing nothing is as good as collaborating.” …“It’s not a person you wish to fight, Madame, it’s a system. How do you fight a system?”“You try.
J. Sterling, The Perfect Game|There will come a time in your life when you lose something that matters to you. You'll fight for it and you won't win. But what really matters isn't the war you're waging, it's that you don't lose the person you are in the midst of the battle.
Christina Engela, Blachart|We’re here to execute a murderer,” Zil said, pointing at Hunter. “We are bringing justice in the name of all normals.”“There’s no justice without a trial,” Astrid said.Zil grinned. He spread his hands. “We had a trial, Astrid. And this chud scum was found guilty of murdering a normal.“The penalty,” he added, “is death.”Astrid turned to face the mob. “If you do this, you’ll never forgive yourselves.”“We’re hungry,” a voice cried, and was immediately echoed by others.“You’re going to murder a boy in a church?” Astrid demanded, pointing toward the church. “A church? In God’s house?”Zil could see that those words had an effect. There were some nervous looks.“You will never wash the stain of this off your hands,” Astrid cried. “If you do this, you will never be able to forget it. What do you think your parents would say?”“There are no parents in the FAYZ. No God, either,” Zil said. “There’s just humans trying to stay alive, and freaks taking everything for themselves.
Chris Offutt, My Father, the Pornographer: A Memoir|Daniel, I was asked of a budding author, how do you know if your story is on track? My answer: I start by knowing my intention, my target. Then, with purpose, I write the scene that unfolds before me, as faithfully as is human. - Daniel LaMonte
Epicurus|[A] right understanding that death is nothingto us makes the mortality of life enjoyable, not because it adds to itan infinite span of time, but because it takes away the craving forimmortality. For there is nothing terrible in life for the man who hastruly comprehended that there is nothing terrible in not living.
Shehan Karunatilaka, Chinaman: The Legend of Pradeep Mathew|Reading...is a full-contact sport; we crash up against the wave of words with all of our intellectual, imaginative, and emotional resources.
Stephanie Lahart|Inspire, celebrate, and empower our Black males. Support them in becoming confident, intelligent, strong, capable, and powerful Black men, teens, and boys. There’s GREAT power in Black male positivity!
Edward Steichen|Art is the desire of a man to express himself, to record the reactions of his personality to the world he lives in.
Janet G. Nestor|Once your heart overflows with love, another heart will follow. And so it goes. Yeshua: One Hundred Meaningful Messages for Messengers
Nicole  Lyons, Hush|She is of the strangest beauty and the darkest courage, and when she walks with intent the earth trembles beneath her feet.
Sue Townsend|Jamie Oliver, quite rightly, was talking about trying to improve the diet of children in schools and improving school meals, but the net effect was the number of children eating school meals in many of these places didn't go up, it went down.
Stephenie Meyer|I've always had the sense that my life is run by other people. Except for a few years after Martin died. Those were the toughest years, I was alone with my children, I had to cope by myself. Complete poverty. You won't believe this, but nowadays when I look back, those are my happiest years.
Kusumastuti, Denting Lara|His blue-green eyes were dark pools of immeasurable depth, pools you could drown yourself in and never again come up for air.
David Brooks|When everything seems to be lacking integrity, you find it in yourself.
Rabih Alameddine|she was leaving the world as a woman who had loved and been loved back.She was leaving it as a friend, a companion, a guardian. A mother.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|It's one of the great fallacies, it seems to me," said Lee, "that time gives much of anything but years and sadness to a man.""And memory.""Yes, memory. Without that, time would be unarmed against us.
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|[an encounter in space] "Some celestial event. No--no words--no words to describe it. Poetry! They should have sent a poet. So beautiful. So beautiful...I had no idea. I had no idea.
Kamand Kojouri|Last night, I spoke to God.I told Him my plans. He started to cry.I thought I was great to move The Greatest to tears.He said that He was crying only becausemy plans were very differentthan His plans for me.
Joanna Russ, How to Suppress Women's Writing|The re-evaluation and rediscovery of minority art (including the cultural minority of women) is often conceived as a matter of remedying injustice and exclusiveness through doing justice to individual artists by allowing their work into the canon, which will thereby be more complete, but fundamentally unchanged.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|There has been more bloodshed in the name of God than for any other cause. And it is all because people never attempt to reach the fountain-head. They are content only to comply with the customs of their forefathers, and want others to do the same.
Ari Gold, The Gold Standard: Rules to Rule By|Don’t waste time worrying about work/life balance, or looking for your best self, sham “secrets” or any other snake oil being pushed by sloppy hippies who have never built a business, let alone a bankroll, or you will wake up 20 years from now poor, pissed off and primed for a midlife crisis.
Henry Austin Dobson|If you're disabled, and you're trying to achieve your dreams, accept the fact right now that you have to work 500 times more than the average bear next to you. Stop bucking for sympathy, put on your titanium legs, and run.
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|Lasting harmony between the sexes cannot be achieved through social, psychological, or political reform alone...they are not sufficient in themselves because gender reconciliation entails an inherent spiritual dimension. Gender disharmony is vast and pervasive; its symptoms are manifest in myriad ways in virtually every culture across the globe. For authentic gender reconciliation, we aspire to a comprehensive approach that includes but also transcends traditional modes of social change, invoking a larger universal intelligence or grace.
Danny Wallace, Yes Man|At first I assumed he was a Mexican, but slowly began to realise that a real Mexican probably wouldn't be wearing a sombrero in a London nightclub. And he'd probably have a real moustache, not a stick-on one. A Mexican with a stick-on moustache would be like a Super-Mexican, because he'd have two moustaches, and that'd be cool, because a Super-Mexican could probably use his poncho as a cape, and then I realised I was saying all this to the man's face.
Marty Rubin|Life said to me, Be happy. Don't let me down.
E.R. Eddison, The Worm Ouroboros|He that feareth is a slave, were he never so rich, were he never so powerful. But he that is without fear is king of all the world. Though hast my sword. Strike. Death shall be a sweet rest to me. Thraldom, not death, should terrify me.
Michio Kaku|It was used for decades to describe talented computer enthusiasts, people whose skill at using computers to solve technical problems and puzzles was - and is - respected and admired by others possessing similar technical skills.
Henry James, Pandora|Let us be vulgar and have some fun, let us invite the President.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes|In my inmost heart I believed that I could succeed where others failed, and now I had the opportunity to test myself.
Angelina Jolie|A certain amount of impatience may be useful to stimulate and motivate us to action. However, I believe that a lack of patience is a major cause of the difficulties and unhappiness in the world today.
Gloria Allred|I have a lot of boyfriends, I want you to write that. Every country I visit, I have a different boyfriend. And I kiss them all.
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|In addition, I think religion has a chance of a look-in whenever the mind craves solace in music or poetry-- in any form of art at all. Personally, I think it is an art, the greatest one; an extension of the communication all the other arts attempt.
Joseph McGinnis, The Weathering, Dawn of the Apocalypse|And so it goes. And so it goes. And so it goes. And so it goes goes goes goes goes tick tock tick tock tick tock and one day we no longer let time serve us, we serve time and we are slaves of the schedule, worshipers of the sun's passing, bound into a life predicated on restrictions because the system will not function if we don't keep the schedule tight.
Kalyan C. Kankanala, Fun IP, Fundamentals of Intellectual Property|Patent Validity is a figment of legal interpretation, it can be contested, reversed and cancelled any time before expiry
|You could only be stopped from being happy, successful, or great through your thoughts and beliefs.
Paul Tillich, Systematic Theology, Vol 1|Once you start settling, and letting others control your life, it can quickly become a habit, so it’s best to avoid such things altogether.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Good fighting with you, Seaweed Brain."Ditto.
Kelly Wilson, Caskets from Costco|For me, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder is like a good friend. A necessary girlfriend, but with chronic PMS. A temperamental – and even volatile – friend who does not play well with others and whom I dearly love. It’s a strange relationship.
Tony Robbins|Standardized testing is at cross purposes with many of the most important purposes of public education. It doesn't measure big-picture learning, critical thinking, perseverance, problem solving, creativity or curiosity, yet those are the qualities great teaching brings out in a student.
Lynne Matson, Nil|door I thought about life and how it resembled a ladder. Do you ever feel that way? Like life is one big uphill climb and there are always more people and circumstances tripping us and trying to pull us back down the ladder, while very, very few people ever stop to give us a hand up. “Fend for yourselves ,” seems more like the motto of the world. Survival of the fittest doesn’t exactly leave room for encouragement.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Our purest deeds are those done subconsciously, Otherwise they are biased.
Barack Obama|But when our elected officials and our political campaign become entirely untethered to reason and facts and analysis, when it doesn’t matter what's true and what's not, that makes it all but impossible for us to make good decisions on behalf of future generations. It threatens the values of respect and tolerance that we teach our children and that are the source of America’s strength. It frays the habits of the heart that underpin any civilized society -- because how we operate is not just based on laws, it's based on habits and customs and restraint and respect.
Angelica Hopes|Lucifer was quite right when he said he had the most powerful force against good at his disposal. Powerful factions of the world were siding with him. They were unaware, but the devil cared nothing for whether they knew or not. One day they would know, however. For an eternity. That thought pleased him greatly.
Dr Karan M Pai|Love : the most powerful but most dangerous feeling in the world. I have lost my love several times. Every love has a time to be in it, that was not my time but it never meant that was not love. Love that breaks but still keeps you together. Out of all heart breaks all I could learn is the motivation, inspiration, confidence & dedication which I got it when I was in love. I shall treasure to be the better person I am ..
Dillon Burroughs|What kind of ministry is that, just talking to people?" Criticism directed at Francis Schaeffer's plan to open an obscure spot in the Swiss Alps to those who came with questions.
Jane Austen|If I understand you rightly, you had formed a surmise of such horror as I have hardly words to-- Dear Miss Morland, consider the dreadful nature of the suspicions you have entertained. What have you been judging from? Remember the country and the age in which we live. Remember that we are English, that we are Christians. Consult your own understanding, your own sense of the probable, your own observation of what is passing around you. Does our education prepare us for such atrocities? Do our laws connive at them? Could they be perpetrated without being known, in a country like this, where social and literary intercourse is on such a footing, where every man is surrounded by a neighbourhood of voluntary spies, and where roads and newspapers lay everything open? Dearest Miss Morland, what ideas have you been admitting?"They had reached the end of the gallery, and with tears of shame she ran off to her own room.
Zebulon Pike|137 years later, Memorial Day remains one of America's most cherished patriotic observances. The spirit of this day has not changed - it remains a day to honor those who died defending our freedom and democracy.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we are grateful, we shall be glad.
― Albert Ellis|The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own. You do not blame them on your mother, the ecology, or the president. You realize that you control your own destiny.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|Though Moltke was working with subordinates who were totally lacking in comprehension for whatever strategic plans he may have entertained and who on occasion abused the independence granted them, those plans were sufficiently flexible to accommodate errors; that is, a large safety margin was left to ensure that mistakes would not develop into catastrophes.
Douglas Adams, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|This planet has — or rather had — a problem, which was this: most of the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much all of the time.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, Collected Poems|Am I kin to Sorrow,That so oftFalls the knocker of my door—Neither loud nor soft,But as long accustomed—Under Sorrow’s hand?
Ernest Hemingway|The fun of talk is to explore, but much of it and all that is irresponsible should not be written. Once written you have to stand by it. You may have said it to see whether you believed it or not.
Louise Lawrence, Children of the Dust|Homo sapiens! The name itself was an irony. They had not been wise at all, but incredibly stupid. Lords of the Earth with their great gray brains, their thinking minds had placed them above all other forms of life. Yet it had not been thought that compelled them to act, but emotion. From the dawn of their evolution they had killed, and conquered, and subdued. They had committed atrocities on others of their kind, ravaged the land, polluted and destroyed, left millions to starve in Third World countries, and finished it all with a nuclear holocaust. The mutants were right. Intelligent creatures did not commit genocide, or murder the environment on which they were dependent.
Madelaine Standing, Heaven In The Meat Packing District|Writing is all at once an exploration of what is, and what is not. Of the known, and the unknown. A journey into the depths of self, and all of humankind.
John Ortberg, All the Places to Go . . . How Will You Know?: God Has Placed before You an Open Door. What Will You Do?|David is called a man after God's heart. This can be a little confusing when you get into his story, because he's guilty of adultery and murder and cover-up. He's a train wreck as a husband, and he's worse as a dad. But his heart belongs to God. His whole life is immersed in the presence and story of God. What lights him up is to serve God and love God, and when he mess up—and he does—he repents and wants to get right with God again.
Hunter S. Thompson, The Proud Highway: Saga of a Desperate Southern Gentleman, 1955-1967|Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but rather to skid in broadside in a cloud of smoke, thoroughly used up, totally worn out, and loudly proclaiming "Wow! What a Ride!
Radhanath Swami|He, however, who begins with Metaphysics, will not only become confused in matters of religion, but will fall into complete infidelity.
Miriam Joy, Broken Body Fragile Heart|It’s voyeuristic the way you searchfor answers in these cries for help,and how you see Death’s fingersbut always think they’re paintbrushes.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|While Newton seemed to draw off the veil from some of the mysteries of nature, he showed at the same time the imperfections of the mechanical philosophy, so agreeable to the natural vanity and curiosity of men; and thereby restored her ultimate secrets to that obscurity, in which they ever did and ever will remain.
Amit Kalantri|Healthy people sleep eight hours,Wealthy people sleep four hours.
Kailin Gow, Frost Kisses|Olaf was a genius. This, she realized, watching the snowman struggle, was love. Olaf had been willing to put himself in danger because he didn't want to see her get hurt. Love wasn't the canned romantic declarations. That was nothing but fluff. That was what Hans had thrown at her and what she had mistaken for love. Pure, true love was what Olaf was showing her right now - sacrifice.
Gautama Buddha|When the voice of truth rises from the minarets, the Buddha smiles, and the broken chain of history reconnects.
Dante Alighieri|I, answering in the end, began: 'Alas,how many yearning thoughts, what great desire,have lead them through such sorrow to their fate?
Nora Roberts, Jewels of the Sun|And he didn't get tired or sleepy, for the beauty burned in him like fire.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Remember that your attitude towards life determines life’s attitude toward you. At any moment, you can choose to change everything for the better.
Lee Strobel|You are that angel of paradise.You are that flower of heaven.This universe was longing for you,with endless love for infinite time.
Amedeo Modigliani|Rome is not outside me, but inside me.. Her feverish sweetness, her tragic countryside, her own beauty and harmony, all these are mine, for my thought and my work.
R.J. Blain, Inquisitor|I dumped the rental I’d gotten after trashing Samantha’s SUV for a cute little Toyota that liked to pretend it was a sports car.Blain, RJ (2014-05-11). Inquisitor (Witch & Wolf Book 1) (Kindle Locations 1364-1365). Pen & Page Publishing. Kindle Edition.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you do not stand firm in the faith, you may fall.
Giuseppe Garibaldi|Contrary to what we learn from progressives in education and the media, the history of the Democratic Party well into the twentieth century is a virtually uninterrupted history of thievery, corruption, and bigotry.
Margaret Atwood|To have them putting him on, trying him on, trying him out while he himself puts them on like a sock over a foot onto the stub of himself--his extra sensitive thumb, his tentacle, his delicate, stalked slug's eye which extrudes, expands, winces and shrivels back into himself when touched wrongly, grows big again. Bulging a little at the tip, traveling forward as if along a leaf into them, avid for vision. To achieve vision in this way; this journey into a darkness that is composed of women--a woman--who can see in darkness while he himself strains blindly forward.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Naturalism is the view that the physical world is a self-contained system that works by blind, unbroken natural laws. Naturalism doesn't come right out and say there's nothing beyond nature. Rather, it says that nothing beyond nature could have any conceivable relevance to what happens in nature. Naturalism's answer to theism is not atheism but benign neglect. People are welcome to believe in God, though not a God who makes a difference in the natural order.
Miranda Lee, The Millionaire's Mistress|No, no, my good knight, do not fear for me. The fire is mine. I am Daenerys Stormborn, daughter of dragons, bride of dragons, mother of dragons, don't you see? Don't you SEE?
Jessica Brody, A Week of Mondays|The truth is, we are never just one thing. We all have many titles and many labels, but far too often, we get trapped inside a single definition. The Teacher's Pet, the Rule Follower, the Cheerleader, the Athlete, the Princess, the Basket Case, the Criminal... the Rock Star's Girlfriend. Whether we wrote that definition or it was given to us, it somehow becomes our only identity. We get so lost in it that we forget about all the other pieces that make up who we are.
Catherine Crowe, The Night Side of Nature|The ignorant frighten children with ghosts, and the better educated assure them there is no such thing. Our understanding may believe the latter, but our instincts believe the former; so that, out of this education, we retain the terror, and just believe enough to make it very troublesome whenever we are placed in circumstances that awaken it.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Such was the code that the world had accepted and such was the key to the code: that it hooked man’s love of existence to a circuit of torture, so that only the man who had nothing to offer would have nothing to fear, so that the virtues which made life possible and the values which gave it meaning became the agents of its destruction, so that one’s best became the tool of one’s agony, and man’s life on earth became impractical.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Idiot|We degrade God too much, ascribing to him our ideas, in vexation at being unable to understand Him.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|The spirit of Christmas is a sweet, internal peace that testifies of the power of kindness and charity.
Samanth Subramanian, This Divided Island: Stories from the Sri Lankan War|Conscience unlike a beard does not grow overnight, you have it or you don't
Ron Brackin|On December 9, 1994, Yeltsin issued a statement ordering the Federal army to execute the disarmament of all illegal armed units in Chechnya, or as they were known locally, the government.
Leonardo da Vinci|Once we know of atrocities we cannot remain silent, and knowledge inevitably leads to an urge to protect the innocent.
Edmund White|In the past, when gays were very flamboyant as drag queens or as leather queens or whatever, that just amused people. And most of the people that come and watch the gay Halloween parade, where all those excesses are on display, those are straight families, and they think it's funny. But what people don't think is so funny is when two middle-aged lawyers who are married to each other move in next door to you and your wife and they have adopted a Korean girl and they want to send her to school with your children and they want to socialize with you and share a drink over the backyard fence. That creeps people out, especially Christians. So, I don't think gay marriage is a conservative issue. I think it's a radical issue.
Guy Fieri|Clear communication is always important in central banking, but it can be especially important when economic conditions call for further policy stimulus but the policy rate is already at its effective lower bound.
Anthony Liccione|There is no fact or fiction, only imagined truths.
Stephanie Grace Whitson, Sarah's Patchwork|When you're dying, the unicorn up in heaven gets a note from an angel telling her there's a person who's going to need a ride up soon. The unicorn finds out what the person likes. Favorite foods and books, colors and activities, pets and games. She gets a room ready for him, or her, near people who she knows they'll enjoy being with, maybe other friends and family who have died before.When the unicorn is done, she jumps off of heaven's perch, flies through the blue sky, around the clouds, over any rainbows, and down to the person. She's invisible to everyone. She patiently waits. When the person dies, she gathers them up on her back, using her hooves and horn. All of a sudden, they sit up straight and smile, they laugh, because they're on top of a unicorn and alive again. They hold on tight to her golden reins and the unicorn takes them to their new home, where they're happy.
A.R. Von, Lady's Destiny|Even if the two lovers are mature and experienced people who know that broken hearts heal in the end and can clearly foresee that, if they once steeled themselves to go through the present agony of parting, they would almost certainly be happier ten years hence than marriage is at all likely to make them - even then, they would not part.
Ali Liebegott|Once he asked me what I thought had turned me gay.""I hope you told him you were bitten by a gay spider," said Simon.
Ramani Durvasula, Should I Stay or Should I Go?: Surviving a Relationship with a Narcissist|[I]n 1919, 1920 and 1921, the whole Israelite press stormed the Romanian state unleashing everywhere chaos and exhorting to violence against the regime, the form of government, the Church, the Romanian order, the national idea, patriotism. Now, as if by magic (in 1936), the same press, led exactly by the same people, has turned into a protector of the state order and its laws, and declares itself 'against violence', and we have become the 'enemies of the country', the 'right-wing extremists', 'in the pay and in the service of the enemy of Romanicity', and, before long, we will hear even this: that we are sponsored by the Jews.
Melissa Mercer|Hey!” Mena exclaimed “Don’t knock Jeopardy. I love that show”“So do I” Max admitted.“I like it when I know the answers.” Logan added.Trent turned to Logan, “Dude, if you hate the show, all you had to do was say so.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Whether it is in business life or in political roles, leaders rise up to offer the solutions to problems society faces. They act with the right actions at the right time.
Dennis Merritt Jones|We were born to be free, to expand our horizons by going where we have never gone before, and not to hang out in the relative comfort and safety of the nest, the known. There is a place within us that is courageous beyond our human understanding; it yearns to explore beyond the boundaries of our daily life.
David Gemmell, Lord of the Silver Bow|Our lives are spent sailing in the mist, hoping for a burst of sunlight that can make sense of who we are.
Kelli Jae Baeli|It's one thing to say you think someone "hung the moon" but that generally means you are blind and deluded, and then the relationship fails because they say you changed, when really, they never saw you at all...The real test is if someone sees all your flaws or blemishes or individual differences, and they still think you hung the moon.
Alexandra Daddario|My strength is in finding ways to make the government work for the people: finding waste, or money that is not being properly used... or finding opportunities that are out there and making them work for the community.
Kamand Kojouri|My mind is being consumed by you.My body is longing for you. Just one touch or a kiss, And I shall be satiated for a thousand years.
George Carlin, Brain Droppings|Do you know why hurricanes have names instead of numbers? To keep the killing personal. No one cares about a bunch of people killed by a number. '200 Dead as Number Three Slams Ashore' is not nearly as interesting a headline as 'Charlie kills 200.' Death is much more satisfying and entertaining if you personalize it.Me, I'm still waitin' for Hurricane Ed. Old Ed wouldn't hurt ya, would he? Sounds kinda friendly. 'Hell no, we ain't evacuatin'. Ed's comin'!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You have all you need, to be all that you want.
Vishal Chipkar, Enter Heaven|Heaven is a place where you cannot change and nothing can ever happen, so the things you love are always eternal. Hell is exactly the same.
Elin Wägner|Actually he looks like a nice young man, and perhaps can't be blamed for his crass conception of women since all men think that way. I've met only one who appreciated me as a human being and even he didn't really.
Robert Anton Wilson, The Earth Will Shake: The History of the Early Illuminati|Millennials (aka Generation Y) are great at social media (Facebook, Google+, LinkedIn, Twitter,Tumblr, Instagram, Flickr, Snapchat, Pinterest, YouTube, Vimeo, and Periscope) but lack time tested social skills ( patience, humility, active listening, respect for parents, teachers, elderly)
John Scott Haldane|Methinks I see the sunset light flooding the river valley, the western hills stretching to the horizon, overhung with trees gorgeous and glowing with the tints of autumn -- a mighty flower garden blossoming under the spell of the enchanter, frost.
Issey Miyake|The map we made of the 3,000-year-old city of Tanis requires no imagination. It has buildings, streets, admin complexes, houses - clear as day.
Arthur Stanley Eddington, The Nature Of The Physical World|The mind-stuff of the world is, of course, something more general than our individual conscious minds.... It is difficult for the matter-of-fact physicist to accept the view that the substratum of everything is of mental character. But no one can deny that mind is the first and most direct thing in our experience, and all else is remote inference.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|We are now dealing with a bizarre new morality where a woman cannot simply say, in one way or another, "I'm on the pill because I like dick.
Michael Bassey Johnson, The Infinity Sign|So many had burned opportunities in the name of postponement, believing that another opportunity will arise. They fail to seize the spur of the moment, without thinking that maybe, that could be their last chance to actualize their long nurtured dreams. Achieving your heart desires in this century requires your alertness, diligence, and overcoming the hindrances that procrastination brings.
David Malouf, An Imaginary Life|Sometimes I get the feeling that we're just a bunch of habits. The gestures we repeat over and over, they're just our need to be recognized. Without them, we'd be unidentifiable. We have to reinvent ourselves every minute.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Conduct of Life|They should own who can administer, not they who hoard and conceal; not they who, the greater proprietors they are, are only the greater beggars, but they whose work carves out work for more, opens a path for all. For he is the rich man in whom the people are rich, and he is the poor man in whom the people are poor; and how to give all access to the masterpieces of art and nature is the problem of civilization.
Oswald Spengler, Aphorisms|The common man wants nothing of life but health, longevity, amusement, comfort -- "happiness." He who does not despise this should turn his eyes from world history, for it contains nothing of the sort. The best that history has created is great suffering.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Good stories never wear out, re-gift a book!
Butch Bellah, The 10 Essential Habits of Sales Superstars: Plugging into the Power of Ten|Sell (service or product) as if you are buying it, convince yourself first that, it is worth buying..It is very simple; u 'cannot' convince someone till the time you're not convinced
Jeffrey Zeldman|At one point, I was blogging prodigiously, in the late '90s; and I was getting, like, millions of pages because I was, like, one of the only people writing about web design, and I was always writing about web design.
Eleanor Henderson, Ten Thousand Saints|Success depends on our choice of deployment (in terms of both quantity and/ or Quality) of the 86400 spells (Hindi- Pal) available each day for reflection, correction, and improvement,towards the journey for perfection.
Robert Atkins|If you can eat 70 percent raw or introduce raw into your diet, it will help your health.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Walk into any bookstore and you’ll find hundreds of books telling you how to live. Don’t be misled, and don’t be deceived. Instead, build your life on the truth God has given us in His Word.
Anthony T Hincks|When you give a present,you're giving with your heart.Never give thinking of money,or your gift will fall apart.
Cassandra Clare, The Midnight Heir|Why d’you think she did it?”I told him I had no idea. He seemed disappointed that I shouldn’t know.“A broken heart,” I suggested.“Do people suffer so much?”“For love? Oh, I imagine so.”“To drown herself?”“Why does that astonish you? Dido threw herself on the flames.”“In legend.”“And real life’s different?” I asked.
Gary Hayden|However smart and determined you are, your life is always going to consist of light and darkness, joy and sadness, good or bad, up and down, yang and yin.
Ellen J. Barrier, How to Trust God When All Other Resources Have Failed|Prayers are like the powerful sounds of trumpets. When God's people come together and pray, the walls that challenge progress will fall.
Tawni O'Dell, Back Roads|We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we take a little bit of each other everywhere.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Dawn and Rescue|You can capture this body of mine, take away my freedom and enslave me. You may even have the power to capture my soul and sentence me to the realm of eternal darkness. But my dreams you cannot touch. They are my will―the very essence of who I am. In them I laugh. In them I cry. In them I love. And in them.....I live.My dreams are untouchable and unceasing.
Martin Amis, Other People|Life is made of fear. Some people eat fear soup three times a day. Some people eat fear soup all the meals there are. I eat it sometimes. When they bring me fear soup to eat, I try not to eat it, I try to send it back. But sometimes I'm too afraid to and have to eat it anyway.
Rob Simmons|I'm going to try to enjoy the All-Star break, hope my players reflect on what happened the first half of the season, come back with a different attitude, try to find our solution on how to win it.
Amanda Leigh, Scarred|They say there is a fine line between love and hate. I once loved Kaleib like a brother, now I hated him with the same conviction.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|Sometimes life is too hard to be alone, and sometimes life is too good to be alone.
Rebecca Donovan, Reason to Breathe|It took the mountain top, it seems to me now, to give me the sensation of independence. It was as if I'd discovered something I'd never tasted before in my short life. Or rediscovered it - for I associated it with the taste of water that came out of the well, accompanied with the ring of that long metal sleeve against the sides of the living mountain, as from deep down it was wound up to view brimming and streaming long drops behind it like bright stars on a ribbon. It thrilled me to drink from the common dipper. The coldness, the far, unseen, unheard springs of what was in my mouth now, the iron smell, all said mountain mountain mountain as I swallowed. Every swallow was making me a part of being here, sealing me in place, with my bare feet planted on the mountain and sprinkled with my rapturous spills. What I felt I'd come here to do was something on my own.
Charles W. Johnson, Markets Not Capitalism: Individualist Anarchism Against Bosses, Inequality, Corporate Power, and Structural Poverty|Before the mid-20th century, when American libertarians entangled themselves in conservative coalitions against the New Deal and Soviet Communism, "free market" thinkers largely saw themselves as liberals or radicals, not as conservatives. Libertarian writers, from Smith to Bastiat to Spencer, had little interest in tailoring their politics to conservative or "pro-business" measurements. They frequently identified capitalists, and their protectionist policies, as among the most dangerous enemies of free exchange and property rights.
Lou Rawls|Absolute space, that is to say, the mark to which it would be necessary to refer the earth to know whether it really moves, has no objective existence.
Helene Wecker, The Golem and the Jinni|It occurred to him to say the viddui, the prayer before death. He struggled to remember it. Blessed are You, who has bestowed me with many blessings. May my death atone for all I have done . . . and may I shelter in the shadow of Your wings in the World to Come.
Kellie Elmore, Magic in the Backyard|Sing me a love song in a slow, southern drawl to the tune of sunny days...
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|God did not direct His call to Isaiah— Isaiah overheard God saying, ". . . who will go for Us?" The call of God is not just for a select few but for everyone. Whether I hear God’s call or not depends on the condition of my ears, and exactly what I hear depends upon my spiritual attitude.
Karen Horney, Neurosis and Human Growth: The Struggle Towards Self-Realization|If you want to be proud of yourself, then do things in which you can take pride
Robert  Black|Women are like a living, breathing casinoLike a judge and juryThey sense everythingThey sense what you try to hideThey sense your weaknessesThey sense your power levelsOne must be patientOne must listenWatchAnd waitBefore one strikes
Ranata Suzuki|It didn’t hurt me. Not “hurt”. Hurt is a four letter word. It’s short, almost cute sounding. Aawwww, did that hurt? No. It didn’t hurt. Destroyed, Obliterated, Desecrated, Annihilated, Demolished, Shattered, or Demoralised maybe… But no. It didn’t hurt me. It didn’t “hurt” me at all.
Auliq Ice|Some memories are meant for not to be said, either they are too Scary to tell, or we love them that much, that we can’t explain those in oral words
Eugène Ionesco, Fragments of a Journal|Of course, not everything is unsayable in words, only the living truth.
Brian Hugh Warner|There’s a big difference, I discovered, between wanting to die and not wanting to live. When you want to die, you at least have a goal. When you don’t want to live, you’re really just empty.
Erik Banks|Imagination is evidence of the divine, and the divine is the imagination of evidence.
Tristan Wilds|The end of poetry is not to create a physical condition which shall give pleasure to the mind... The end of poetry is not an after-effect, not a pleasurable memory of itself, but an immediate, constant and even unpleasant insistence upon itself.
Laurence Olivier|I suddenly realized how much I loved her when we attended Alfred Hitchcock's 75th birthday party last August. There was something magical about that night, and it made me see how much she really meant to me.
Carla H. Krueger|Books are like rivers, meandering this way and that, but taking us on a steady, flowing course to somewhere different.
Noam Chomsky, Necessary Illusions: Thought Control in Democratic Societies|Most of what you have read or watched in the media is true and 100% accurate. But HOW you are told the stories, and When, there lies the manipulation!
Thomas E. Sanders, Twenty Talks to Teachers|The first thing, of course, is to find a vacancy, a place where a teacher iswanted, and the second thing is to make the school officials believe you are just the person forthe position.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|A man's level of "toughness" (as assessed by other men), will determine whether or not his girlfriend will get hit on by other guys right in front of him in public places. If you're deemed a "p*#%y" by other guys and they want your girlfriend, even in your company she'll be considered "fair game".
Tare Munzara|But why do we say nothing?" Ujunwa asked. She raised her voice and looked at the others. "Why do we always say nothing?
Tyne O'Connell|Hoffland, as it was called, was, next to Moda Polska (simply “Polish Fashion”) one of the rare examples of the quasi-private, though officially nationalized fashion companies in Poland. Both have survived communism, and Hoff kept designing well into the 90s. You could be sure, that if Hoff wrote about a new style for wearing a shawl in her column, the same afternoon there would already be dozens of girls on the streets trying to copy this style. Her flagship idea was blackening the “coffin shoes” (i.e. light, paper shoes, used as footwear for the deceased) which when colored black could pass as elegant “ballerinas”.
Christine Plouvier, Irish Firebrands|And when he ran the blades over her she felt light as a feather, floating happily into that place where pain and pleasure walked hand in hand, fully clear and conscious and she looked out to the darkness that lay outside of their artificial day. All too soon it was gone, her vision dimming and her breaths evening as she found somewhere darker which centred around the golden light of her Master’s voice as he spoke to her.
Connie Kerbs, Paths of Fear: An Anthology of Overcoming Through Courage, Inspiration, and the Miracle of Love|How about when you feel as if you are at a treacherous crossing, facing an area of life that hasn’t even been on the map until recently. Suddenly there it is, right in front of you.And so the time and space in between while you first get over the shock of it, and you have to figure out WHAT must be done feels excruciating. It’s a nightmare you can’t awaken from. You might remember this time as a kind of personal D-day, as in damage, devastation, destruction, damnation, desolation – maybe a difficult divorce, or even diagnosis of some formidable disease. These are the days of our lives that whole, beautiful chapters of life go up in flames. And all you can do is watch them burn. Until you feel as though you are left only with the ashes of it all. It is at this moment you long for the rescue and relief that only time can provide. It is in this place, you must remember that in just 365 days – you're at least partially healed self will be vastly changed, likely for the better. Perhaps not too unlike a caterpillar’s unimaginable metamorphosis.Better. Stronger. Wiser. Tougher. Kinder. More fragile, more firm, all at the same time as more free. You will have gotten through the worst of it – somehow. And then it will all be different. Life will be different. You will be different. It might or might not ever make sense, but it will be more bearable than it seems when you are first thrown, with no warning, into the kilns of life with the heat stoked up – or when you get wrapped up, inexplicably, through no choice of your own, in a dark, painfully constricting space. Go ahead, remind yourself as someone did earlier, who was trying miserably to console you. It will eventually make you a better, stronger person. How’d they say it? More beautiful on the inside…It really will, though. That’s the kicker. Even if, in the hours of your agony, you would have preferred to be less beautiful, wise, strong, or experienced than apparently life, fate, your merciless ex, or a ruthless, biological, or natural enemy that has attacked silently, and invisibly - has in mind for you. As will that which your God feels you are capable of enduring, while you, in your pitiful anguish, are yet dubious of your own ability to even endure, not alone overcome.I assure you now, you will have joy and beauty, where there was once only ashes. In time. Perhaps even more than before. It’s so hard to imagine and believe it when it’s still fresh, and so, so painful. When it hurts too much to even stand, or think, or feel anything. When you are in the grip of fear, and you remember the old familiar foe, or finally understand, firsthand, in your bones, what that actually means.
Karen Ranney, The Virgin of Clan Sinclair|Speaking up is important. Yet to speak up without listening is like banging pots and pans together: Even if it gets you attention, it’s not going to get you respect.
Dada Bhagwan|Obstacles (antray) are indeed due to desires. As desires keep on decreasing, so do the obstructions (antray) keep on getting destroyed. Then, everything is acquired (at that stage).
Thomas Merton|. . . Kings, aristocrats, tyrants, whoever they be, are slaves rebelling against the sovereign of the earth, which is the human race, and against the legislator of the universe, which is n
Prashant Yadav, The Jeera Packer|When in a frying pan, thank your stars. You will reminisce about it moments later, when you fall in the fire.
Yi So-Yeon|On Earth, men are seen as superior because of their physical strength, but it means nothing in space, where there is no gravity.
Kevin Brockmeier, A Few Seconds of Radiant Filmstrip: A Memoir of Seventh Grade|Looking silly can be very powerful. People who are committing and taking risks become the king and queen of my prom. People are their most beautiful when they are laughing, crying, dancing, playing, telling the truth and being chased in a fun way.
Eugene O'Neill|It was a great mistake, my being born a man, I would have been much more successful as a seagull or a fish. As it is, I will always be a stranger who never feels at home, who does not really want and is not really wanted, who can never belong, who must be a little in love with death!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You are an achiever, aim high.
Mark Andrew Poe, Ending Easter|I don’t give up on people, even when they give up on me.
Heather     James, Fire|Final DispositionOthers divided closets full of mother's things.From the earth, I took her poppies.I wanted those fandango foldsof red and black chiffon she doted on,loving the wild and Moorish music of them,coating her tongue with the thin skinof their crimson petals.Snapping her fingers, flamenco dancer,she'd mock the clack of castanetsin answer to their gypsy cadence.She would crouch toward the flounce of flowers,twirl, stamp her foot, then kick it outas if to lift the ruffles, scarletalong the hemline of her yard.And so, I dug up, soil and all,the thistle-toothed and gray-green clumpsof leaves, the testicle seedpods and hairy stemsboth out of season, to transplant them in my less-exotic garden. There, they bloomher blood's abandon, year after year,roots holding, their poppy heads noddinga carefree, opium-ecstatic, possibly forever sleep.
Maili Wong, Smart Risk: Invest Like The Wealthy To Achieve A Work-Optional Life|Cruelty links all three primitives [pleasure, pain, and desire]: Spinoza defines it as the desire to inflict pain on someone we love or pity. Financial speaking, cruelty is analogous to a convertible bond whose debt and equity depend on three economic underliers: the stock price, the level of interest rates, and the credit worthiness of the company's debt.
Kate Middleton|Hope is definitely not the same thing as optimism. It is not the conviction that something will turn out well, but the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out.
Tamora Pierce, Melting Stones|I'm not so fond of people myself, Evvy, but I took my vows for a reason. There are two classes of people in the world, the destroyers and the builders. I want to build, not destroy. You need to ask yourself who you're going to be.
Mary Jo  Putney|A witty vicar once said that a good marriage is like a pair of scissors with the couple inseparable joined, often moving in opposite directions, yet always destroying anyone who comes between them. The trick is for the blades to learn to work smoothly together, so as not to cut each other.
Terry Pratchett, Snuff|I am a commuter, not between the city and the village, although I do this frequently; not between the inane idealism of the classroom and the stifling reality beyond it, which I must do for survival and self-respect. I am a commuter between what I am now and what I was and would like to be and it is this commuting at lightning speed, at the oddest hours, that has done havoc to me.
Andrew Motion|In a general way, I want to be a kind of flag-waver, bunting hanger-up, drum-beater, you name it, for poetry.
Brynn Myers, Falling Out of Focus|Without the journey and crucial moment of understanding, I would still be questioning everything before me. I know now that I must trust what comes next, for there is a plan greater than the one I can see at work.
Cat Cora|I don't find acting to be a particularly noble way to make a living. I'm not saving anybody's life, I'm not a teacher, I'm not working for UNICEF. I don't think I'm some big deal.
L.H. Cosway, Showmance|Falling in love, making love, having baby, if all sprinkled with the love, you will know how to be a man; how give love and how to receive it.” Taham said. “You learn the rules of love so you can love people, love yourself and reach the true love without austerity.”from "Goddess of Passion", book one
Andrea Goeglein|When the train stopped, when she got off and heard the concrete of the platform under her heels, she felt light, lifted, impelled to action. She started off, walking fast, as if the speed of her steps could give form to the things she felt.
Sonia Sotomayor|Parents, it seems, have an almost Olympian persistence when it comes to suggesting more secure and lucrative lines of work for their children who have the notion that writing is an actual profession. I say this from experience.
George Bernard Shaw, Misalliance|There is, on the whole, nothing on earth intended for innocent people so horrible as a school. To begin with, it is a prison. But in some respects more cruel than a prison. In a prison, for instance, you are not forced to read books written by the warders and the governor. . . .In the prison you are not forced to sit listening to turnkeys discoursing without charm or interest on subjects that they don't understand and don't care about, and therefore incapable of making you understand or care about. In a prison they may torture your body; but they do not torture your brains.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Cram them full of noncombustible data, chock them so full of 'facts' they feel stuffed, but absolutely 'brilliant' with information. Then they'll feel they're thinking, they'll get a sense of motion without moving. And they'll be happy, because facts of that sort don't change. Don't give them any slippery stuff like philosophy or sociology to tie things up with. That way lies melancholy.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|Oh stupid, silly, awkward me;Will I never, ever see?People babble, speak, and talk;All I can do is stand and gawk!
Jerry Saltz|Comedy is learning to be funny, and you learn to be funny in small rooms with young audiences.
Chelsea Handler|The young think that failure is the Siberian end of the line, banishment from all the living, and tend to do what I then did - which was to hide.
Alan W. Watts, Nature, Man and Woman|IF YOU TRY TO RUN AWAY FROM ME AGAIN, I'LL FIND YOU EVEN IF YOU ARE IN HELL!" ~Larsson TIGER
Curtis Ackie, Waking Dawn|The heartbeat is an irregular bell tolling; the footprints create ammonite patterns in the snow; they spiral in serpentine undulations, toward a complicated centre of mass, forming a beautifully inscribed hieroglyph, the earth acting as papyrus. It’s all signs and symbols; reading the emotions of another is an art, and tonight she lacks the imagination needed in order to be creative. Bewitching to behold, wings tucked neatly into the back of a loose summer jacket; his bare feet, dusky and dusty, tumble languidly toward her, over the soft crumbling ground. Dawn finds her dreams more beautiful to inhabit than reality. To her it becomes more real than the bed sheets she’s pulling close to her chest. As he approaches, she continues to watch the invocation of her desire. Wherever he steps the snow flees, it’s as if spring flowers from the very tips of his toes. She holds her breath as he slips his hand into hers, leading her away from the top of the hill on which they are standing. They don’t follow the path, instead they tread boldly over willow roots, twigs and fern leaves. Looking upwards, in order to see the colour of the sky, Dawn crosses her fingers for a shade of blue.
Jeffrey Zeldman|I could open a thousand Excel documents and still never think to scroll past a wall of empty rows to see if, hidden beneath them, there is a tab I need to click. Just doesn't occur to me. Because, design.
Masha du Toit, Strange Neighbours|There is no night porter wandering about in King's. The authorities pay you the compliment, ugly gate-crasher, of treating you as a grown-up. And since we are not grown-up you and I, we will perform our midnight frolics as the inmates burn the midnight oil.
Alexandra Heminsley, Running Like a Girl|Finally, I could see with startling clarity that the time I had spent experiencing pain on a run was outweighed by the amount of time that I felt good about it. I was aglow. I was invincible. I was thinking I might be able to do it again.
Tage Lindbom, The Myth of Democracy|One look at the officials in the American Consulate where we went for dreary paper routines was enough to make you realize what was wrong with American 'diplomacy' throughout the Fellaheen world: - stiff offcious squares with contempt even for their own Americans who happened not to wear neckties, as tho a necktie or whatever it stands for meant anything to the hungry Berbers who came into Tangiers every Saturday morning on meek asses, like Christ, carrying baskets of pitiful fruit or dates, and returned at dusk to silhouetted parades along the hill by the railroad track. The railroad track where barefooted prophets still walked and taught the Koran to children along the way. Why didn't the American consul ever walk into the urchin hall where Mohammed Maye sat smoking? or squat in behind empty buildings with old Arabs who talked with their hands? or any thing? Instead it's all private limousines, hotel restaurants, parties in the suburbs, an endless phoney rejection in the name of 'democracy' of all that's pith and moment of every land.
Vi Keeland, The Baller: A Down and Dirty Football Novel|I had thought peace was a place where there was no turbulence or fear. Where there were no highs and lows and where happiness was found in the calm at the center. But at that moment, I finally realized peace wasn’t about avoiding things. It was about making the choice to live life with all its chaos around you, and in the midst of it all, having calm in your heart.
Kamand Kojouri|Do not be frightened, friend. Let us dance our way to God.
Mark Twain, Short Stories|A happy arrangement: many people prefer cats to other people, and many cats prefer people to other cats.
Charles Bukowski|There's too much coldness in the world," I told her. "If people would only talk things out together it would help.
Igor Stravinsky|Perhaps as good a classification as any of the main types is that of the three lusts distinguished by traditional Christianity - the lust of knowledge, the lust of sensation, and the lust of power.
Matt Salmon|Let me start with Yahoo. As we meet today, a Chinese citizen who had the courage to speak his mind on the Internet is in prison because Yahoo chose to share his name and address with the Chinese Government.
Raymond Federman, Smiles on Washington Square|To commit the act of felo-de-se is a form of delusion. You see, my love, to leave one's life unfinished implies the possibility of success. What is left unlived may contain the potential truth one always seeks. Those who kill themselves do so with the conviction that they would have reached that truth eventually had they lived to the proper end. They die in the illusion of hope which in a way keeps the rest of us alive. Reason, therefore, for not committing suicide.
Katherine Rundell, Rooftoppers|If music can shine, Sophie thought, this music shone... 'It's like eight thousand birds, Charles!'When the music closed, she clapped until the rest of the audience had stopped and until her hands were hot and blotched with red... There was something in the music that felt familiar to Sophie. 'It feels,' she said to Charles, 'like home.
Hulk Hogan|I don't know that movies are important. But I know that stories are important. Movies may disappear. They've only been around, for God's sake, for the last hundred years... I think that it's the need to tell stories, and that people need to be told stories. It's the old sitting around the fire, you know.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|I've pushed your love away and I've run from you, sometimes I've checked out, but this is the reason. I just couldn't understand what we have. I mean we have never met in real life, yet we've loved each other for over 3 years.
Sean Durkin|My poor vision gives me a soft-focus morning. For the first half hour, I kind of wander through my house, and everything is a blur. I put my contacts in when I'm ready to deal with the world.
Karen Quan, Write like no one is reading|I'll put you in a jar on my shelf for a cold, rainy day when I need you the most. 
Anonymous|A spoon does not know the taste of soup, nor a learned fool the taste of wisdom.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|I'm determined that I won't give up on my dreams for anything. I have evolved in these years. Learned and outgrown a lot many things including the unrealistic expectations of my family,fake relationships,society's criticism,surpassed people who are intimidated by my outspoken nature, Faux friends and especially the people who disappear in dark whenever they think its easier for them to do so. I have grown over stupid and useless conversations. The insecurity and the feeling of self doubt. I have never been less burdened.
David Hume, Of the Standard of Taste|Where did the stereotypical image of the reclusive author in a bathrobe and slippers, indulging in vices and spending hours before a typewriter, even come from? I don't know about you, but most writers don't have the luxury of doing any of this. Otherwise we'd have no life experience and nothing to write about, anyway.
Debasish Mridha|By changing your perception, awareness, and actions you create yourself again and again.
Ruth Minshull|If your child is constantly interrupting or doing other things to get your attention, he is not getting enough communication of the right kind. Just the fact that you are in the house with him all day does not mean that you are necessarily devoting any time to com- munication of his choice.
Ella Leya, The Orphan Sky|Violence, of course, is generally associated with frankly totalitarian forms of anti-political utopianism like Communism, but the Second World War shows that liberal universalists are as capable of violence as Communists. They are just less capable of honesty.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|The name of the new religion," said Rumfoord, "is The Church of God the Utterly Indifferent.
Steve Jobs|It is a big deal to work with people who are different from you. And if you're white or of a higher class,no matter what race you are, you'll probably mess up. Maybe get yelled at. But there are worse things. Like keeping your dignity safe at home, while the world goes to hell.
Shannon L. Alder|Sometimes, it is how you shine in the darkness during other people's misery that is remembered more than anything you could have said or done when you have suffered just as much.
Bill Hicks|We all pay for life with death, so everything in between should be free.
Debasish Mridha|Life is full of joy and beauty. Look around and notice it. Notice the little butterfly, a little baby with a smile, and the white rose in the garden. Notice a drop of dew on a green leaf in the morning sun. Touch the wind, smell the rain, and feel the joy. Live your life with beauty and joy.
Debasish Mridha|The essence of life is love, and that is my wealth and influence.
Jose Rizal|And that's really what's happening in this country is a violation of the First Commandment. We have become a country entrenched in idolatry, and that idolatry is the dependency upon our government. We're supposed to depend upon God for our protection and our provision and for our daily bread, not for our government.
Paul Henri Thiry d'Holbach|Religion has ever filled the mind of man with darkness, and kept him in ignorance of his real duties and true interests. It is only by dispelling the clouds and phantoms of Religion, that we shall discover Truth, Reason, and Morality. Religion diverts us from the causes of evils, and from the remedies which nature prescribes; far from curing, it only aggravates, multiplies, and perpetuates them.
Photozeiger|It’s not as if there’s an empty patch that one can see and so one can say, ‘There’s my ignorance; it’s about ten by ten and a dozen feet high and someday someone will fill in the empty patch.
Ben Aaronovitch, Whispers Under Ground|I just want you to know,' said the girl, coldly, 'that whoever you are and whatever you intend with me, I shall give you no aid of any kind, nor shall I assist you, and I shall do whatever is in my power to frustrate your plans and devices.' And then she added, with feeling, 'Idiot.
Luis Alberto Urrea, The Hummingbird's Daughter|Tomas led a young woman by the hand and walked up into the foothills. Millian, the miner from Rosario, had introduced her to the patron, already buying points for himself. He was no fool. And the girl, no fool either, lifted her skirts for Tomas as he knelt before her, licking his way up her thighs -brown and sweet as candy, at the same time, tart and salty, musky, silken and cold in the warm air, refreshing as the sorbet he licked in Culiacan back when he was a student. She was amazed that this bit of her body could the great master to his knees before her. She was perhaps the most beautiful girl on that whole plain, but he did not her name and felt no need to ask. He pressed his face to her underwear, redolent with the burning scent of her, and he pulled the cotton down, over the bright points of her hips , the shadowy curve of her belly, until the fog of dark hair came into his sight, soft in the moonlight, tickling his face as he bent down to her again. He pressed his lips on the mound of her, breathing her in, tasting her like a dog, as her skirts fell over his head and her fingers pulled his head tighter to her, her legs moving apart in the dark, her beauty falling around him, his greatest gift to him, this flavor, this smell, her scent.
RuPaul|If you don't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else?
Kyle Schmalenberg|It is a poore Center of a Mans Actions, Himselfe.
Jules Renard|He who loves, flies, runs, and rejoices; he is free and nothing holds him back.
Anthony Liccione|The distance of a voice, is only a short time away from touch.
Kresley Cole Macrieve|I walked with a sexy, confident walk, just like Bambi on his first walk.
Angela Merkel|I'm just looking as always for something that's stimulating and I hope to find a good story that's a challenge, whether it's big or small. Or that it finds me. I don't have like a career plan. Maybe I should, but I don't.
Seema Brain Openers|The people who make you feel small, unworthy and valueless are toxic people. You can never expect to grow in life by being close to them. Leave them to grow in life.
Jaeda DeWalt|From the outside looking in, i think my life would appear very isolated, occupying a huge empty space, with hollow-sounding, emotional echoes. But in reality, this solitary sanctuary i inhabit, allows my artistic nature to sing at the top of its lungs. My feelings have the space they need to breathe. And my art can gain the momentum, it requires, to bubble up to the surface of consciousness. For me, creativity is a chaotic and quiet hybrid, an entity that seeks a safe place to call home.
François de La Rochefoucauld|True love is like ghosts which many believe in, but few have seen.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Dare to keep moving when it is a must and dare to keep waiting when you have to, but note, you shall always keep waiting if you keep waiting and you shall always keep moving when you keep moving!
Alan Furst, The Spies of Warsaw|For Mercier, it was the ceremony of the mass that eased his soul: the sweetish smoke trailing from the censer, the ringing of the bell, the Latin incantations of the priest. In Warsaw, he attended early mass, at a small church near the apartment, once or twice a month, confessing to his vocational sins – duplicity, for example – in the oblique forms provided by Catholic protocol. He’d grown up an untroubled believer, but the war had put an end to that. What God could permit such misery and slaughter? But, in time, he had found consolation in a God beyond understanding and prayed for those he’d lost, for those he loved, and for an end to evil in the world.” ― Alan Furst, The Spies of Warsaw
Anna Johnson, Three Black Skirts: All You Need to Survive|Sound has a profound effect on the senses. It can be both herd and felt. It can even be seen with the mind’s eye. It can almost be tasted and smelled. Sound can evoke responses of the five senses. Sound can paint a picture, produce a mood, trigger the senses to remember another time and place. From infancy we hear sound with our entire bodies. When I hear my own name, I have as much a sense of it entering my body through my back or my hand or my chest as through my ears. Sound speaks to the sensorium; the entire system of nerves that stimulates sensual responce.
Deyth Banger, The Life of One Kid 1|I smile bitterly at him, then weave an illusion of his face across my own. Raffaele’s expression flickers in surprise for a moment before settling back into its pool of calm. “They may have a hard time finding me,” I reply.Raffaele gives me a tight smile in return. “Do not underestimate your enemies, Your Majesty,” he says.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You must always reserve a question for people who think you are proud when you talk about your dreams! The question is "how would they get to know that you are proud if you had not talked about your dreams?" How then should people get to know what you do if you take delight in hiding yourself?
Cherry MPIO|Patience is one of the keys to success but I came to understand that you have to be patient while working not while waiting. After sowing, you still have to water your seed while waiting for the fruits.
1000AmazingProverbs|Examine what is said, not him who speaks
Narissa Doumani, A Spacious Life: Memoir of a Meditator|We all exist in an interconnected matrix of life, so the state of your mind and heart affects the whole.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|There was no wind which could have swept my thoughts away from my bositerous heart; not that day, not this day and not any other day
Henry David Thoreau|They call each other `E.’ Elvis pickswildflowers near the river and bringsthem to Emily. She explains half-rhymes to him.In heaven Emily wears her hair long, sportsLevis and western blouses with rhinestones.Elvis is lean again, wears baggy trousersand T-shirts, a letterman’s jacket from Tupelo High.They take long walks and often hold hands.She prefers they remain just friends. Forever.Emily’s poems now contain naugahyde, Cadillacs,Electricity, jets, TV, Little Richard and RichardNixon. The rock-a-billy rhythm makes her smile.Elvis likes himself with style. This afternoonhe will play guitar and sing “I Taste A LiquorNever Brewed” to the tune of “Love Me Tender.”Emily will clap and harmonize. Alonein their cabins later, they’ll listen to the riverand nap. They will not think of Amherstor Las Vegas. They know why God made themroommates. It’s because Americawas their hometown. It’s becauseGod is a thing withoutfeathers. It’s becauseGod wears blue suede shoes.
Darnell Lamont Walker|We were still so young when our eyes first met. We would run holding hands through the lawn of the college campus. I vividly remember the grass beneath the cherry tree that had water at the tip which touched our legs. I vividly remember how we would talk about our future as the sun rays sparkled like diamonds through the leaves of the trees outside the campus auditorium. I vividly remember your urge to touch my erratic strands in the gentle breeze outside the canteen. And then we allowed distance to conquer the space between us so we could build a career, sculpt a life and keep the promises. And did we not do well!
Annie Besant|Men we shall have only as we make manhood the object of the work of the schools - intelligence, broad sympathy, knowledge of the world that was and is, and of the relation of men to it - this is the curriculum of that Higher Education which must underlie true life.
Donald Cargill|Being a movie star, and this applies to all of them, means being looked at from every possible direction. You are never left at peace, you're just fair game.
Debra Anastasia, Poughkeepsie Begins|In that moment? I knew you were sent to me, that I'd been given nothing from the people in my life, but I think from God, or whoever is in charge, I got you.
Herbert Read|When what we are is what we want to be, that's happiness.
Moonn Tzu|The failure of the roman system to furnish decent minimal standards for the mass of people was a fundamental cause of instability, both political and economic.
William Julius Wilson|In this room we're all here together, but there's probably a lot of different views, people sitting here thinking, I don't own any slaves, all the slaves are dead. Why am I responsible? My family were immigrants, too.
Leigh Hershkovich|How do you get rid of unhappiness? You must release yourself from the prison you have unknowingly placed yourself in. Come to terms with the fact that there are things that you cannot control. But, just because you don’t ‘control’ something, doesn’t mean it’s going to fall to pieces. That may be the hardest part. We get bent out of shape when something happens that is out of our control, because we don’t understand why it’s happening or where it’s coming from. It’s unsettling. You put your fighting arms up and prepare to battle the world. But, stop for a moment. Think. Where are all of these things coming from?The world is not a wild, untamed place, where things are a free for all. Understand that there is a higher power running the world.
Portia Simpson-Miller|We live in a world where sports have the potential to bridge the gap between racism, sexism and discrimination. The 2012 Olympic Games was a great start but hopefully what these games taught us is that if women are given an opportunity on an equal playing field the possibilities for women are endless.
Jerry Spinelli, Stargirl|The more grateful we are, the more we practice this in our everyday lives, the more connected we become to the universe around us.
Gudjon Bergmann, Experifaith: At the Heart of Every Religion; An Experiential Approach to Individual Spirituality and Improved Interfaith Relations|Love is the most complex of all human phenomena. It exists on a spectrum from tolerance and kindness to romantic love and self-sacrifice, reaching its pinnacle in altruism, a love that needs nothing in return.
Boman Irani|Hopefully, after 'Victorious' has lived a long and beautiful life, I would like to go into movies. And I'd like to have a very successful movie career. Ultimately I'd love to win an Oscar; that's my big goal in life, so that's what I'm going for.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|HELLO! Look at me. HELLO! I am so ZEN. This is BLOOD. This is NOTHING. Hello. Everything is nothing, and it's so cool to be ENLIGHTENED. Like me.
