S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|Now comes the hard part. Peyton, Peyton, Peyton. Just say Peyton.
Tony DiTerlizzi|If you don't have any fight in you, you might as well be dead.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Beauty is an illusion, created by Mother Nature to drive the human species in the path of reproduction. In reality, beauty is irrelevant to human life, especially in a relationship. What you today perceive as beautiful and special, over time, becomes not so special. That’s how the human brain works. It is not beauty that keeps a relationship alive, it is attachment. Without attachment, a naked body is merely a lifeless sex toy.
Christina Perri|Society's dark hull drifts further and further away. It is this place - the place of our separation, our distinction - that much of his poetry occupies.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|A person who falsely believes he or she is knowledgeable will not seek out clarification of his or her beliefs, but rather rely on his or her ignorant position.
Debasish Mridha|To change the world, change yourself first.
Judith Butler, Undoing Gender|Democracy does not speak in unison; its tunes are dissonant, and necessarily so. It is not a predictable process; it must be undergone, as a passion must be undergone. It may also be that life itself becomes foreclosed when the right way is decided in advance, or when we impose what is right for everyone, without finding a way to enter into community and discover the "right" in the midst of cultural translation. It may be that what is "right" and what is "good" consist in staying open to the tensions that beset the most fundamental categories we require, to know unknowingness at the core of what we know.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|It is not good for man to cherish a solitary ambition. Unless there be those around him, by whose example he may regulate himself, his thoughts, desires, and hopes will become extravagant, and he the semblance, perhaps the reality, of a madman
Anita Roddick|Prosperous farmers mean more employment, more prosperity for the workers and the business men of every industrial area in the whole country.
Virginia Postrel|I've had years of psychiatry, and I ask about every six months - it's sort of like getting your oil checked - I ask, 'I'm not an actual narcissist, am I?' The learned men of psychiatry assure me that I meet none of the medical criteria.
Kevin Rollins|I attribute my success to my mental approach to the game. I have always been a serious student of umpiring. I enjoy studying rules, situations, and positioning.
Katherine McIntyre, Poisoned Apple|As the sky faded to night, her anger dissipated—but not in a healing way, just dulled, like forged iron sizzling in a cold pail of water.
James Turner|Of course, of course. Drugs, music, a new age dawning … and you came for an old book.
D.J. MacHale, The Light|At that moment, Oliver realized that home is not a place, but rather, the people who love you.
Arthur Schopenhauer|Qualsiasi uomo notevole, chiunque cioè non appartenga a quei 5/6 dell'umanità dotati tanto miseramente dalla natura, rimarrà dopo i quarant'anni difficilmente esente da una certa traccia di misantropia.
Kate McGahan, JACK McAFGHAN: Reflections on Life with my Master|Birds are the eyes of heaven, and flies are the spies of hell.
Michael Bassey Johnson|I may be deprived of eloquence, but my mind can never be a dumb.
Arthur Conan Doyle, A Study in Scarlet|It is a mistake to confound strangeness with mystery. The most commonplace crime is often the most mysterious because it presents no new or special features from which deductions may be drawn. This murder would have been infinitely more difficult to unravel had the body of the victim been simply found lying in the roadway without any of those outré and sensational accompaniments which have rendered it remarkable. These strange details, far from making the case more difficult, have really had the effect of making it less so.
Wayne Cordeiro|So long as breath remains in our lungs, untapped potential lies inside us, waiting to be released. The reason we are still alive is that we are carrying something inside us that this generation needs. That’s why we’re not yet in heaven.
Robert J. Allison, Before 1776: Life in the American Colonies|He glanced at her, musing on the wonder of a beautiful woman with a disagreeable personality.
Steve Albini|At first Christ was a man – nothing more. Mary was his mother, Joseph his father. The genealogy of his father, Joseph, was given to show that he was of the blood of David.Then the claim was made that he was the son of God, and that his mother was a virgin, and that she remained a virgin until her death.The claim was made that Christ rose from the dead and ascended bodily to heaven.It required many years for these absurdities to take possession of the minds of men.If he really ascended, why did he not do so in public, in the presence of his persecutors? Why should this, the greatest of miracles, be done in secret, in a corner?Is Christ our example? He never said a word in favor of education. He never even hinted at the existence of any science. He never uttered a word in favor of industry, economy or of any effort to better our condition in this world. He was the enemy of the successful, of the wealthy. Dives was sent to hell, not because he was bad, but because he was rich.Lazarus went to heaven, not because he was good, but because he was poor.Christ cared nothing for painting, for sculpture, for music – nothing for any art. He said nothing about the duties of nation to nation, of king to subject; nothing about the rights of man; nothing about intellectual liberty or the freedom of speech. He said nothing about the sacredness of home; not one word for the fireside; not a word in favor of marriage, in honor of maternity.He never married. He wandered homeless from place to place with a few disciples. None of them seem to have been engaged in any useful business, and they seem to have lived on alms.All human ties were held in contempt; this world was sacrificed for the next; all human effort was discouraged. God would support and protect. At last, in the dusk of death, Christ, finding that he was mistaken, cried out: “My God! My God! Why hast thou forsaken me?We have found that man must depend on himself. He must clear the land; he must build the home; he must plow and plant; he must invent; he must work with hand and brain; he must overcome the difficulties and obstructions; he must conquer and enslave the forces of nature to the end that they may do the work of the world.
Sergio Figueira Correia|Eternal Love,Distance is the salvation of my life, it is the magic of our love, thanks to that magic, I have finally learned to love you, from a distance. Go, but go far from me, I have a fear of losing you. Don't come close, please, do not destroy our love. I don't want to lose you. Distance has returned the love that was no longer there. Please don't ever return, because we've both discovered the essence of what we have. Distance will carry our love through eternity! Eternal love that only distance can keep alive.
Robyn Carr|How do you know?”“Well, I don’t, I’m making this up, but I bet I’m right.
Bruce Weigl|Power operates only destructively, bent always on forcing every manifestation of life into the straitjacket of its laws. Its intellectual form of expression is dead dogma, its physical form brute force.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Life is like a story, when all the resolution is resolved, you heave a sigh of relief.
Michael Chabon, Wonder Boys|The problem, if anything, was precisely the opposite. I had too much to write: too many fine and miserable buildings to construct and streets to name and clock towers to set chiming, too many characters to raise up from the dirt like flowers whose petals I peeled down to the intricate frail organs within, too many terrible genetic and fiduciary secrets to dig up and bury and dig up again, too many divorces to grant, heirs to disinherit, trysts to arrange, letters to misdirect into evil hands,innocent children to slay with rheumatic fever, women to leave unfulfilled and hopeless, men to drive to adultery and theft, fires to ignite at the hearts of ancient houses. 
Pope Francis|Truth is a relationship. As such, each one of us receives the truth and expresses it from within, that is to say, according to one's own circumstances, culture, and situation in life.
Teresa R. Funke, Bursts of Brilliance for a Creative Life blog|Our art is never really ours. Each person who experiences it brings to it a piece of themselves and reacts to it in ways that stem from their personal struggles, beliefs, morals, and even hang-ups.
Xavier Becerra|I have been chastised by a president, I have antagonized and angered presidents, and I have taken on my own leadership.
九把刀|You taste injustice, even if it’s fictional, really taste it,it has a way of doing that. Sometimes, you can never put the shoe on the other foot. We can’t go back in time and know what it was like to be a black person then. Even today, when things are supposed to be so much better, not one of you can understand what it’s like to be black, to live with the knowledge of what happened to your ancestry and still face injustice. But that book makes us taste it and, reading it, we know how bitter that taste is and we know we don’t like it. But that bitter wakes you up, and when you wake up, you open your mind to things in this world, you make yourself think. Then you’ll decide you don’t like the taste of injustice, not for you and not for anyone, and you’ll understand that even though all the battles can’t be won, that doesn’t mean you won’t fight.
Fazli Rrezja|it’s not bravery to walk through the jungle with a lion’s escort, but it is with a rabbit
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|Read any women's magazine and you'll see the same complaint over and over again: men - those little boys ten or twenty or thirty years on - are hopeless in bed. They are not interested in "foreplay"; they have no desire to stimulate the erogenous zones of the opposite sex; they are selfish, greedy, clumsy, unsophisticated. These complaints, you can't help feeling, are ironic. Back then, all we wanted was foreplay, and girls weren't interested. They didn't want to be touched, caressed, stimulated, aroused; in fact, they used to thump us if we tried. It's not really very suprising, then, that we're not much good at all that. We spent two or three long and extremely formative years being told very forcibly not even to think about it. Between the ages of fourteen and twenty-four, foreplay changes from being something that boys want to do and girls don't, to something that women want and men can't be bothered with. (Or so they say. Me, I like foreplay - mostly because the times when all I wanted to do was touch are alarmingly fresh in my mind.) The perfect match, if you ask me, is between the Cosmo woman and the fourteen-year-old boy.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Wisdom is to internalise the experiences of other things, of everything! By observing the birds, you internalise the wisdom of the birds; by observing the Moon, you internalise the wisdom of the Moon! Wisdom is a process of adding the experiences of the universe to our minds!
Martha Sweeney|He places one of his long fingers over my lips, silencing me. I can smell my own musky arousal on his digit and I have the strongest urge to take it in my mouth and suck it as I did earlier during my audition. He says nothing but drills into me with those dazzling eyes. I have the strangest feeling that he is looking into my soul.“Let us see where the wave takes us. I know I am going to enjoy the ride and I can guarantee our mutual satisfaction. Maybe we’ll be washed to shore, I just don’t know yet, but you can be certain of one thing…”I gaze up at him from his chest, breathing in the scent of his masculinity as I do.“What’s that, sir?” I ask, my voice betraying the curiosity I feel.He looks down at me for a long, hard moment before he answers.“I won’t let you drown.
Arthur Phillips, The Song Is You|The truth is, anyone who puts so much of herself and her life into art as you do must naturally fear any failure in that art as a potential threat to your life. And so you protect your art more than you protect your health or the common forms of happiness the rest of us have. And you probably have this in common with every artist you admire.
Tristram Stuart|Computers were never designed in the first place to become musical instruments. Within a computer, everything is sterile - there's no sound, there's no air. It's totally code. Like with computer-generated effects in movies, you can create wonders. But it's really hard to create emotion.
Saint Ambrose|The Hulk was a unique character because of his strength and power. He doesn't have a costume like Spiderman or like Superman - The Hulk is more visual. His passion and his strength, that is what separates him from anything else.
Everett Dirksen|When I feel the heat, I see the light.
Sarah J. Maas, Throne of Glass|Many say "What goes up must come down." I believe this was spoken by a pessimist. I believe it is vitally important to remember that "What goes up...must have started some place." #workhard
Siri Hustvedt|I think that everybody needs four things in life. Everybody needs something to do regardless of age. Everybody needs someone to love. Everybody needs something to hope for, and, of course, everybody needs someone to believe in.
Sigmund Freud, Štúdie o hystérii|Maybe having schizophrenia is my big fuck-you to the status quo. Only, I guess at this point, being normal and well-adjusted would be, like, the biggest fuck-you of them all. So I guess I'll just try to shoot for that, if I can.
Judy Balan|Modern-Day Parenting is no joke. For starters, no one takes you seriously unless you have a fancy parenting style. Tiger Mom, Helicopter Mom, Organic Mom and on and on. I've decided to go with L-Board Mom. I may look like I don't know what I'm doing but you want to keep safe distance 'cause you know I can hurt you and get away with it.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|We have multiple sex maps - form genetic and epigenetic influences that are largely out of our consciousness to social and cultural influences that may or may not be within our awareness. We are a social and biological species with sexual patterns and tendencies that exist independent of any religion. Religion attempts to force sex into a one-size-fits-all box, placing a layer of complexity on sexuality that is neither realistic nor related to the biological roots of our species.
Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf|Oh, if I had had a friend at this moment, a friend in an attic room, dreaming by candlelight and with a violin lying ready at his hand! How I should have slipped up to him in his quiet hour, noiselessly climbing the winding stair to take him by surprise, and then with talk and music we should have held heavenly festival throughout the night!
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Darkness|Mmmm… stay.” Her voice was barely audible, as she grazed her lips against mine and her head fell back against the pillow into a deep sleep.
Pema Chödrön, Start Where You Are: A Guide to Compassionate Living|WE ALREADY HAVE everything we need. There is no need for self-improvement. All these trips that we lay on ourselves—the heavy-duty fearing that we’re bad and hoping that we’re good, the identities that we so dearly cling to, the rage, the jealousy and the addictions of all kinds—never touch our basic wealth. They are like clouds that temporarily block the sun. But all the time our warmth and brilliance are right here. This is who we really are. We are one blink of an eye away from being fully awake.
Nathan Reese Maher|I rouse Emily to our guests, as she finishes off our fifteenth snowman by setting the head atop its torso. She stands limp at my direction, pointing out the coming shadows and I cannot help but hear a muffled sigh as she decapitates her latest creation with a single push of her hand.
Jennifer Crusie, What the Lady Wants|Of course it hurt you neanderthal! See that? Thats blood. If theres blood, theres pain. Its like smoke and fire.
Brandi Gomez, No War Is Anyone's War|I've longed for you so, while my connection to the rest of reality has torn. It is that you have lost me. And I have lost you, longing for more than my enough.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Fun fact: You may hug koalas in the Australian state of New South Wales, but not in Queensland. So…if you didn’t hug your koala nice and tight before you got here to Sydney, you’re going to be shit out of luck until we go back to Surfer’s Paradise.
Scott Blum, Waiting for Autumn|I'm such a fan of nature, and being with the trees every day fills me with joy.
Rick Riordan|Can't nobody make us do a thang once we git hard against it. And if anybody don't like that, you don't have to explain a thang to'm. All you got to say is, 'I'm Charlotte Simmons, and I don't hold with thangs like 'at.' And they'll respect you for that.
Alexandre Dumas, Twenty Years After|But these first needs of the heart are so imperious, these outpourings of amorous melancholy in young people are at once so sweet and so bitter, that they have often all the real marks of the passion.
A.S. King, Ask the Passengers|We don't get to choose if we get hurt in this world, old man, but we do have a say in who hurts us. I know I like my choices. I hope she likes hers.I do, Augustus. I do.
Sunday Adelaja|Having a strong spirit, we can control the desires of the flesh.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|Leo frowned at the giant's spire. "Can't we blow it up or something?""Without me, you do not have the power," Hera said. "You might as well try to destroy a mountain.""Done that once today," Jason said.
Rosa DeLauro|It is a matter of public shame that while we have now commemorated our hundredth anniversary, not one in every ten children attending Public schools throughout the colonies is acquainted with a single historical fact about Australia.
Michael Crichton, The Lost World|What makes you think human beings are sentient and aware? There's no evidence for it. Human beings never think for themselves, they find it too uncomfortable. For the most part, members of our species simply repeat what they are told-and become upset if they are exposed to any different view. The characteristic human trait is not awareness but conformity, and the characteristic result is religious warfare. Other animals fight for territory or food; but, uniquely in the animal kingdom, human beings fight for their 'beliefs.' The reason is that beliefs guide behavior which has evolutionary importance among human beings. But at a time when our behavior may well lead us to extinction, I see no reason to assume we have any awareness at all. We are stubborn, self-destructive conformists. Any other view of our species is just a self-congratulatory delusion. Next question.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|The others in the dorm thought I wanted to be a writer, because I was always alone with a book, but I had no such ambition. There was nothing I wanted to be. 
Richard Bach|Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
Neil Pasricha, The Book of Awesome|Gliding down the bike path on a Saturday morning, you whip by somebody peddling in the opposite direction and give each other a nod. For a moment it's like "Hey, we're both doing the same thing. Let's be friends for a second.
Elizabeth von Arnim, Elizabeth and Her German Garden|Nobody told me about him [my grandfather], and he died when I was six, and yet within the last year or two, that strange Indian summer of remembrance that comes to us in the leisured times when the children have been born and we have time to think, has made me know him perfectly well. It is rather an uncomfortable thought for the grown-up, and especially for the parent, but of a salutary and restraining nature, that though children may not understand what is said and done before them, and have no interest in it at the time, and though they may forget it at once and for years, yet these things that they have seen and heard and not noticed have after all impressed themselves for ever on their minds, and when they are men and women come crowing back with surprising and often painful distinctness, and away frisk all the cherished little illusions in flocks.
Rachel Friedman, The Good Girl's Guide to Getting Lost: A Memoir of Three Continents, Two Friends, and One Unexpected Adventure|With Martyn, I hold forth some of the philosophies I've been honing since beginning my travels in Ireland almost two years ago, about universal health care and the travel practices of American youth, about my country and the way I was indoctrinated to believe that America was number one in everything, but actually people in other countries have what we have--and sometimes better--about my obligations as a daughter, about the ways that I have put my faith in all the wrong things and now I am hopelessly lost but at the same time realizing that's okay so maybe that means I'm not lost at all, just searching.
Jill Shalvis, My Kind of Wonderful|I'm ready," she promised. She kissed his jaw and then rubbed her cheek against it, letting out a low hum of arousal at the feel of his stubble on her skin. He had a scent that every single one of her senses responded to. The texture of his skin, the taste of his tongue, the latent strength in his hands - everything about him did it for her. "I want this," she said. "I want you.
Karen Hesse, Out of the Dust|I turn my back on him as he goes,and settle myself in the parlor,and touch Ma's piano.My fingers leave sighsin the dust.
Terry Pratchett, Going Postal|There was no safety. There was no pride. All there was, was money. Everything became money, and money became everything. Money treated us as if we were things, and we died.
Elizabeth Grace Saunders, The 3 Secrets to Effective Time Investment: Achieve More Success with Less Stress: Foreword by Cal Newport, Author of So Good They Can't Ignore You|If you commit to giving more time than you have to spend, you will constantly be running from time debt collectors.
Al-Hanouf Halawi|If you let fear make decisions for you, fear will make good decisions - but only for its own sake, not yours. p. 161
Matshona Dhliwayo|Bless the world with your mind, heal the world with your heart, lift the world with your soul; elevate the world with your life.
George R.R. Martin|Fantasy is silver and scarlet, indigo and azure, obsidian veined with gold and lapis lazuli. Reality is plywood and plastic, done up in mud brown and olive drab. Fantasy tastes of habaneros and honey, cinnamon and cloves, rare red meat and wines as sweet as summer. Reality is beans and tofu, and ashes at the end.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|After an awkward pause, Bast extended his hand. Chronicler hesitated for a bare moment before reaching out quickly, as if he were sticking his hand into a fire. Nothing happened, both of them seemed moderately surprised."Amazing, isn't it?" Kvothe addressed them bitingly. "Five fingers and flesh with blood beneath. One could almost believe that on the other end of that hand lay a person of some sort.
J. Assmuth and Ernest R. Hull|A simple statement of untruth in words is called a lie. If a lie is perpetrated not merely by words but by methodic action it is called a fraud. It the action consists in creating a false object and putting it forward as a true object, we call it a forgery….A lie, a fraud, a forgery always imply conscious and deliberate action with the purpose to deceive.
Ma Jun|Our politicians are stupid. And the Mexican government is much smarter, much sharper, much more cunning. And they send the bad ones over because they don't want to pay for them. They don't want to take care of them. Why should they when the stupid leaders of the United States will do it for them?
Josephine Hart, The truth about love|Where would we be without it, memory? Well, it'll never die here. Never in this country. We feed it too well.
Ayn Rand, We the Living|Andrei, did you like the opera?""Not particularly.""Andrei, do you see what you're missing?""I don't think I do, Kira. It's all rather silly. And useless.""Can't you enjoy things that are useless, merely because they are beautiful?""No. But I enjoyed it.""The music?""No. The way you listened to it.
Kevin Kelly|You shouldn't get to live in society and give nothing back. People complain about their taxes, yet they do nothing for the community. That makes me furious.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|When I tell you not to marry without love, I do not advise you to marry for love alone: there are many, many other things to be considered. Keep both heart and hand in your own possession, till you see good reason to part with them . . . .
David Levithan|Saving others is always more important than saving yourself. It has to be, or none of us would do any good.
Pierce Brown, Golden Son|Friendships take minutes to make, moments to break, years to repair.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|Man corrupt everything, say Shug. He on your box of grits, in your head, and all over the radio. He try to make you think he everywhere. Soon as you think he everywhere, you think he God. But he ain't. Whenever you trying to pray, and man plop himself on the other end of it, tell him to git lost, say Shug. Conjure up the flowers, wind, water, a big rock.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Happiness at Work: Meditations for Accomplishment, Achievement, and Peace|Meditation is not about what's happening, it is about how we're relating to what's happening.
Jo Nesbø, Panserhjerte|But men love abstract reasoning and neat systematization so much that they think nothing of distorting the truth, closing their eyes and ears to contrary evidence to preserve their logical constructions.
Meg Cabot|To achieve self actualization, do good things for other people that you would want to be done onto yourself
Daphne du Maurier, Echoes from the Macabre: Selected Stories|When the ship approached the equator, I stopped going out on deck in the daytime. The sun burned like a flame. The days had shortened and night came swiftly. One moment it was light, the next it was dark. The sun did not set but fell into the water like a meteor. Late in the evening, when I went out briefly, a hot wind slapped my face. From the ocean came a roar of passions that seemed to have broken through all barriers:'We mus procreate and multiply! We must exhaust all the powers of lust!' The waves glowed like lava, and I imagined I could see multitudes of living beings - algae, whales, sea monsters - reveling in an orgy, from the surface to the bottom of the sea. Immortality was the law here. The whole planet raged with animation. At times, I heard my name in the clamor: the spirit of the abyss calling me to join them in their nocturnal dance. ("Hanka")
Taylor Swift|Becoming fearless isn't the point. That's impossible. It's learning how to control your fear, and how to be free from it.
George Orwell, 1984|War, it will be seen, is now a purely internal affair. In the past, the ruling groups of all countries, although they might recognize their common interest and therefore limit the destructiveness of war, did fight against one another, and the victor always plundered the vanquished. In our own day they are not fighting against one another at all. The war is waged by each ruling group against its own subjects, and the object of the war is not to make or prevent conquests of territory, but to keep the structure of society intact.
Paul Farmer|I mean, everybody should have access to medical care. And, you know, it shouldn't be such a big deal.
Joyce Carol Oates|I came to Venice for the first time in 1968 and was lucky enough to make the acquaintanceship, and then the friendship, of two Venetians, Roberta and Franco, who remain my best friends here after almost 50 years.
Francis Picabia|If you want to change the world, start off by making your bed.
Olaotan Fawehinmi, The Soldier Within|Most of our problems today are not that we don’t know, but that we don’t know how to put things together with the right zeal and grit to get something noble and leave noble footprints!
Lilly Black, A Jade's Trick|When it comes to you, against my better judgment and my will, I find myself promising things I never thought I could promise anyone.
R. Alan Streett|Why should not He had made all things, still having something immediately to do with the things that He has made? Where lies the great difficulty, if we own the being of a God, that He created all things out of nothing, I'll be allowing something immediate influence of God on creation still?
Peter Jackson|Pixar is not about computers, it's about people.
Simon Sinek, Start with Why: How Great Leaders Inspire Everyone to Take Action|Working hard for something we do not care about is called stress, working hard for something we love is called passion.
Pablo Escobar|Alphas, like Scarface, can be drug dealers, but it’s still a little grimy.
Brittany Weekley/Monroe Starr, The Secret Life of Thomas Commons|Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow know what you truly want to become." -Steve Jobs
Greg Rutherford|Doing nothing would stress me out. So I am still pretty much active practicing judo with my friends, who are former judo athletes, to maintain our fitness as well as the friendships among us. In my spare time, I usually go jogging around the Gelora Bung Karno stadium or head to the gym.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you wish to possess your soul, be patient.
Francis of Assisi|Lord, make me an instrument of your peace;where there is hatred, let me sow love;when there is injury, pardon;where there is doubt, faith;where there is despair, hope;where there is darkness, light;and where there is sadness, joy.Grant that I may not so much seekto be consoled as to console;to be understood, as to understand,to be loved as to love;for it is in giving that we receive,it is in pardoning that we are pardoned,and it is in dying [to ourselves] that we are born to eternal life.
Sunday Adelaja|When you use anger to win a fight, you lose by default.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|The attempt to develop a sense of humor and to see things in a humorous light is some kind of a trick learned while mastering the art of living. Yet it is possible to practice the art of living even in a concentration camp, although suffering is omnipresent. To draw an analogy: a man's suffering is similar to the behavior of gas. If a certain quantity of gas is pumped into an empty chamber, it will fill the chamber completely and evenly, no matter how big the chamber. Thus suffering completely fills the human soul and conscious mind, no matter whether the suffering is great or little. Therefore the "size" of human suffering is absolutely relative.
Richard Bach, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah|The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life. Rarely do members of one family grow up under the same roof.
Cheryl Mills|Therefore, don't let sinners take courage to think they will be favoured like the thief on the cross; for we see on the other side, they may be like the hardened one, and reproach death itself.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|We are little flames poorly sheltered by frail walls against the storm of dissolution and madness, in which we flicker and sometimes almost go out.
John Stossel|To be clear, climate change is a true 800 pound gorilla in the room. The effects of global warming threaten global environmental upheaval over the coming century. But for South Florida and the Everglades, it could be our death knell if urgent action is not taken.
William L. Stull|Asked about the fact that Apple's iTunes software for Windows computers was extremely popular, Jobs joked, 'It's like giving a glass of ice water to somebody in hell.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, The Way of the Heart: The Spirituality of the Desert Fathers and Mothers|To die to our neighbors means to stop judging them, to stop evaluating them, and thus to become free to be compassionate. Compassion can never coexist with judgment because judgment creates the distance, the distinction, which prevents us from really being with the other.
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|See? Memories aren't happy, they're sad. Don't you know anything?
Ron Baratono|Dear God,I asked that you clear my mind of any negative thoughts so my heart can run free; so I may look at the world with a clearer understanding of your beautiful creation. Cleanse my heart dear God so I may always look through the wonder light you shine upon us. In Jesus name Amen.
raja shakeel mushtaque|If there so many hurdles in your life to achieve something, you have to believe God firmly.Because He is creating a wonderful story to inspire people through you, that couldn't be done with a single stroke of success.
Julie Kagawa, The Eternity Cure|Sorry, I didn't see the big X with the words Top Secret Government Laboratory on the map, did you?
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|They sat a few meters apart, speaking very rarely, and there was really only the noise of turning pages (…) Where Hans Hubermann and Erik Vandenburg were ultimately united by music, Max and Liesel were held together by the quiet gathering of words."Hi, Max.""Hi, Liesel."They would sit and read.
Neil Gaiman, Trigger Warning: Short Fictions and Disturbances|Slowly gently night creeps up on you, more gentle than light, it helps you realize how much the light hinders you. In the darkness your senses learn when they should quit – in the embrace of the dark everything becomes what it really is. People fear the dark but unlike the light it does not lie to you. In the dark you can go where you long to be.
Anne Bradstreet, Anthology of American Literature, Volume 1: Colonial through Romantic|If we are to put an end to division, people from all political persuasions will have to stop fighting one another and seek true unity, not just a consensus that benefits one party.
Katja Michael|There are plenty of chances in life, what's important is what you make of them.
Jeremy Reed| What appears most disquieting to me in isolation is the dilemma of how to use time. There is either too much or too little of it; we either live inside painfully contracting horizons, or feel ourselves isolated in the vastness of space. I seem to have lived with the palm of my hand balanced on the tip of a knife, writing what in theory I would call the Preface to a Future Book. And the relation of time to creation should always appear like that, a ratio that describes the fullness of energy brought to a particular stage of one's life, so that each work is a preface to a stage at which one has still to arrive, the logical extension of which is death. I live for the blaze of metaphor that unites incongruities. The red wine-stain on my page is like an intoxicant to the dance of words. It is a little ritual I undertake, this sprinkling of wine-spots on paper.
Bill Bryson|While many in the social enterprise space often qualify themselves as 'non-profit,' these organizations should instead treat themselves as 'for-purpose.' These organizations should focus on their mission to create social good, while still treating themselves with the same commitment to rigor and discipline as the best for-profits.
Sunday Adelaja|Material wealth don’t just come and go, they come to stay as long as the virtues remain in the fabric of a nation
Edward Said, Orientalism|Knowledge means rising above immediacy, beyond self, into the foreign and distant. The object of such knowledge is inherently vulnerable to scrutiny; the object is a ‘fact’ which, if it develops, changes, or otherwise transforms itself in the way that civilizations frequently do, nevertheless is fundamentally, even ontologically stable. To have such knowledge of such a thing is to dominate it, to have authority over it.
Chris Christie|There's a conventional wisdom that says that strategic thinking is much more important than relationship building, which doesn't seem to be nearly as highly valued as it should be, based on what some of the leaders that I've spoken with have said to me.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|If you want to become a positive thinker, don't think lack, think abundance, for you and for everyone. Dream big; as bigger as the blue ocean. Become aware of your thoughts and you will be aware of yourself.
Donna Grant, Fire Rising|Don't try to tell me it's because I'm scared, because the truth is the only time I'm not terrified is when I'm with you.
Angela B. Chrysler|Think back to the oldest era your mind can fathom, back beyond everything we can remember, when gods were still men who had not yet lived the deeds that would deify them.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|High performers whom exhibit tremendous self-control tend to be burden by their own competence. Studies indicate that being extraordinary competent can place a person under an unusual amount of stress because it raises other people’s expectation of them. The more task that an exemplary employee produces with a ‘go-getting personality’ while maintaining high quality relationships with peers and clients, the more an organization tends to underestimates their actual effort and the more it expects of them. Other people do not comprehend how difficult it is for a high performer to complete multifaceted tasks. They also tend to underestimate how much effort an enterprising person exerts who maintains a positive and pleasant attitude while completing difficult assignments.
William Easterly, The Elusive Quest for Growth: Economists' Adventures and Misadventures in the Tropics|The mother of invention is a very well-endowed woman, and she has been suckling technology forever at her perpetually full breasts.
Trisha Yearwood|I get up in the morning. I usually do a radio interview early in the morning. I usually do a book signing, because I'm also a cookbook author, so I'm at some store, at a Walmart or a Williams Sonoma, for three hours, standing up, signing autographs, and taking pictures for three hours.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|One of the dwarfs walked in front of Thor to get a better view of the prye, and Thor kicked him irritably into the middle of the flames, which made Thor feel slightly better and made all the dwarfs feel much worse.
Steven Erikson, Gardens of the Moon|Wrath: look at how their folklore portrays our species. There's Dracula for Christ's sake, an evil bloodsucker who preys on the defenseless. There's piss-poor B movies and porn. And don't get me started on the whole Halloween thing. Plastic fangs. Black capes. The only thing the idiots got right are that we drink blood and that we can't go out in daylight. The rest is bullshit, fabricated to alienate us and stimulate fear in the masses. Or just as offensive, the fiction used to create some kind of mystique for bored humans who think the dark side is a fun place to visit.
Victor Hugo, Hugo's Works: William Shakespeare|There was no experience, I thought, quite as wonderful as being an American in Paris.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Do not quarrel or restlessly seek for more knowledge, until you have given proper honor to what you already know.
Veronica Rossi, Under the Never Sky|Without thinking, he reached for her hand. Tucked it against her chest, feeling that was where it should be. Perry's heart slammed against his ribs. She had to feel it.
Nikki Rowe|The best indicator of a man's philosophy is not what he reads or says, but the way in which he lives his life, the way in which he acts.
Oliver Harper, TIME: A Traveler's Companion: Strategies To A Meaningful Life|You can be all you want to be, even if the odds are against you. For it is in the darkest hours that the smallest light shines the brightest.
Booth Tarkington, The Magnificent Ambersons|We debate sometimes what is to be the future of this nation when we think that in a few years public affairs may be in the hands of the fin-de-siecle gilded youths we see about us during the Christmas holidays. Such foppery, such luxury, such insolence,was surely never practiced by the scented, overbearing patricians of the Palatine, even in Rome's most decadent epoch. In all the wild orgy of wastefulness and luxury with which the nineteenth century reaches its close, the gilded youth has been surely the worst symptom.
Anamika Mishra|Hapi?" I asked."Why, yes, I am happy!" Hapi beamed. "I'm always happy because I'm Hapi! Are you happy?"Zia frowned up at the giant. "Does he have to be so big?"The god laughed. Immediately he shrank down to human size, though the crazy cheerful look on his face was still pretty unnerving."Oh, Setne!" Hapi chuckled and pushed the ghost playfully. "I hate this guy. Absolutely despise him!"Hapi's smile became painfully wide. "I'd love to rip off your arms and legs, Setne. That would be amazing!"Setne ... drifted a little farther away from the smiling god."Oh!" Hapi clapped excitedly. "The world is going to end tomorrow. I forgot!""You'd never get to Memphis without my help. You'd get torn into a million pieces!"He seemed genuinely pleased to share that news.
Shannon Celebi|I long for some connection, to the real and those who love them, and hope that my fiction can reach beyond the veil, that I might touch someone and make them feel something…or something.
Frieda Robson|To march over dead man, to hear without concern the groans of the wounded, I say few men can stand such scenes unless steeled by habit or fortified by military pride.
Auliq-Ice|Always count the costs before starting any journey, and never take a step without finding its costs.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Positive people know what they are about to do and why. Because of this, when they are being haunted by the premature quest to give up, they focus their minds onto the joy of accomplishing their pursuits.
Emma Thompson|I think books are like people, in the sense that they'll turn up in your life when you most need them.
Téa Obreht, The Tiger's Wife|My grandfather would pet the dog, and, in a voice that made him sound like some kind of children's program puppet, he would say: "You're a dog! You're a dog! Where are you? You're a dog!" and the dog's tongue would drop out of its mouth and it would start keening. After a few hours of this, I said, "Jesus Grandpa, I get it, he's a dog," not knowing that, just a few years later, I would be reminding every dog I met on the street that it was a dog, and asking it where it was.
Stephen A. Diamond, Anger, Madness, and the Daimonic|But now the world breaks in on us, the world is shocked, the world looks upon our idyll as madness. The world maintains that no rational man or woman would have chosen this way of life - therefore, it is madness. Alone I confront them and tell them that nothing could be saner or truer! What do people really know about life? We fall in line, follow the pattern established by our mentors. Everything is based on assumptions; even time, space, motion, matter are nothing but supposition. The world has no new knowledge to impart; it merely accepts what is there.
Alain de Botton, The Pleasures and Sorrows of Work|What a peculiar civilisation this was: inordinately rich, yet inclined to accrue its wealth through the sale of some astonishingly small and only distantly meaningful things, a civilisation torn and unable sensibly to adjudicate between the worthwhile ends to which money might be put and the often morally trivial and destructive mechanisms of its generation.
Jill Alexander Essbaum|Even the ugliest swan is still more beautiful than the loveliest crown on the fence, Anna thought
Debbie Ford|I know that I do have influence over the people who watch me, and it's quite a pressure. I have to stay positive, and while I would never use the words 'role model', I am mindful of the responsibilities that come with a substantial viewership.
Ramakrishna, Sayings of Sri Ramakrishna|God has revealed to me that only the Paramatman, whom the Vedas describe as the Pure Soul, is as immutable as Mount Sumeru, unattached, and beyond pain and pleasure. There is much confusion in this world of His maya. One can by no means say that 'this' will come after 'that' or 'this' will produce 'that'.
Fay Weldon, Female Friends|Perhaps Choices spring up when history makes way for them. Perhaps they will grow, like legends upon dead conquerors.
Zoe Chant, The Jaguar's Beach Bride|Brennan's inner jaguar roared to life then with the need to protect this woman- protect my mate, must protect my mate it snarled.
Naima Simone, Witness to Passion|And . . . I owe you.” Selene didn’t explain because she knew he’d think she was referring to when Meghan saved her life. That was fine with her. Telling him exactly how she owed him would strip her open too bare and she wasn’t willing to let anyone see that vulnerable side of her.“Telling the truth again.” He frowned now, true confusion in his gaze. Whether from her words or the fact that she was letting him in on this op. “You plan to try to bring me in after the op?”“No.” That was actually the truth. Wesley, however, was a different story. But she refused to let her mind go there, knowing Levi would pick up on it.Levi started to respond when a burst of gunfire from the pool area made them both turn at the noise. Selene automatically moved off the bench, crouching down behind it and to her surprise Levi moved in front of her, blocking her even though they were too far away to be in any danger from what she could hear.“This is what happens when you get a bunch of criminals under the same roof,” he muttered.She snorted in agreement. “I’m leaving using the beach. You’re free to join me.” There hadn’t been any more gunfire so likely the guards had the situation under control but she wasn’t heading back up there. She’d already had her meeting so she had no reason to return.Now he snorted as he turned to face her, still crouching low. He slid his long, callused hands down her bare arms. This time she couldn’t hide the shiver. “Oh, I’m joining you,” he murmured, a seductive note in his voice.But the timing was all wrong. For once she wished she understood the opposite sex more. What was he doing? She’d already told him he could come on the op with her. Her nipples tightened and her body hummed with a strange anticipation as he lightly held her wrists in both hands, his thumbs rubbing her inner wrist in small circles. She started to pull back and he let go of one of her wrists. As she pushed out a sigh of relief, the feel of cold steel skimmed her skin just as the soft snick of handcuffs clicked into place.
Mary Rose O'Reilley, The Barn at the End of the World: The Apprenticeship of a Quaker, Buddhist Shepherd|What to wear on a Minnesota farm? The older farmers I know wear brown polyester jumpsuits, like factory workers. The younger ones wear jeans, but the forecast was for ninety-five degrees with heavy humidity. The wardrobe of Quaker ladies in their middle years runs to denim skirts and hiking boots. This outfit had worked fine for me in England. But one of my jobs in Minnesota will be to climb onto the industrial cuisinart in the hay barn and mix fifty-pound bags of nutritional supplement and corn into blades as big as my body. Getting a skirt caught in that thing would be bad news for Betty Crocker.
Patricia Duncker, Miss Webster and Chérif|The ironist is ironical not because he does not care, but because he cares too much.
Sushil Singh, System dynamics: a practical approach for managerial problems|When i was a child , i thought ,the moon was a banana,the full moon was a big cake.when i was a child ,i never saw the moon;i only saw what i wanted to see.and now i see the moon.it's only the moon. -sushil
Timothy S. Lane, Relationships: A Mess Worth Making|In God's plan, our quest for personal identity is meant to drive us back to him as Creator so that we find our meaning and purpose in him.When we live out a sense of who we are IN CHRIST we live our lives based on all we have been given by Christ. This keeps us from seeking to get those things from the people and situations around us. Much of the disappointments and heartache we experience is the result of our attempts to get something from relationships that we already have in Christ.
Dee Dee M. Scott| A true writer should be able to write about any color. It's the story they tell that should affect people, not the race.
Phyllis Reynolds Naylor, The Grooming of Alice|If it doesn't sweat, jiggle, or pant, it's not alive.
H.G. Wells|And how is your head? Better?" he asked."Very much. Sometimes it hurts." Right now it was throbbing. "But every day I am much improved.""Where did you hit it? Are you bruised?"I put a hand to the back of my head, a little to the left, where I had landed with such jarring force. "Here," I said. "It's still a little tender."And leaning forward, he touched my hair right where I had just laid my hand. Such was he glamour that attended him that I expected the ache to instantly melt away, healed by his royal caress. But in fact, I felt a sudden leap in my heart that made the pain briefly more intense.
Brenna Yovanoff, The Space Between|Tender," she said again. "Tender is kind and gentle. It's also sore, like the skin around an injury.
Loretta Young|I think there are so many ways to become interested in music. I believe signs of sustained interest gives a sense of the right time. Music, if thought of as a language, would perhaps indicate that as early as possible is not so bad. I do believe that a really nurturing first teacher that makes the child love something is crucial.
Cary Fukunaga|No one working as an astronomer is shackled in chains. This is a tremendous profession. There are lots of neat people, and you get to do cool things. If I had to say something negative, it's that there's often a whole lot of travel that takes me away from my children. That can be a bummer a lot of times.
Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart|We all live in a house on fire, no fire department to call; no way out, just the upstairs window to look out of while the fire burns the house down with us trapped, locked in it.
Gina L. Maxwell, Seducing Cinderella|We lay that way for a while, breathing together, watching the shadows flicker over the walls and each other's faces. She played with a wet strand of my hair, wrapping it around her finger. It should have been awkward, but somehow it wasn't. I felt something moving between us, like light or heat, growing with every breath.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Reaching the top requires taking a good break every time you need it! On the way up, you must never hesitate to stop for a while!
Kate McGahan|I would not that death should take me asleep. I would not have him meerly seise me, and only declare me to be dead, but win me, and overcome me. When I must shipwrack, I would do it in a Sea, where mine impotencie might have some excuse; not in a sullen weedy lake, where I could not have so much as exercise for my swimming.
Laura A. Lord, The Telling|He’s a steamroller in my life and I like to be laid out flat. I like his hands on my chest, pushing me down whenever my back turns to the span of a bridge. His hands on my thighs, forcing me flat, flat, flat. Yes. Yes, I like that.
John M. Eaton|Juggling and balancing effectively required that we make clear, legacy-driven choices about what we're trying to keep in the air and how we sequence our movements down the beam. Because the ultimate grade in life is not based on how far and fast we've walked the beam or how many things we’ve juggled—it’s based on how much we've enjoyed the exercise.
Stewart O'Nan, West of Sunset|What man wanted a woman without fire, and vice-versa?
David Bowie|My father was sleepless most of his life. So by the age of five, I was awake with him all night long, watching bad television or we'd lie in the same bed, and I'd read my comic books while he read his latest spy or mystery novel.
Thomas Lloyd Qualls, Love Jaywalks: Poems From The Novel Waking Up At Rembrandts|the painter had no need for grammar.words fell from his brushes already knowing where to stand, sit, lie down.
Arthur Rimbaud|L'aube exalteé ainsi qu'un peuple de colombes, et j'ai vu quelquefois ce que l'homme a cru voir!(And dawn, exalted like a host of doves - and then I've seen what men believe they've seen!)
Tracie Miles, Stressed-Less Living: Finding God's Peace in Your Chaotic World|When the fey were worried, it was time to panic.
John Mark Green|Your life will consist of a series of times when you must reinvent yourself. We desperately cling to the idea that things should stay the same, but life and growth are about change. Don't mistake the end of a chapter for the end of the story. Lean into the plot changes, and follow your character arc. If you are in a dark part of your tale, know that this night will not last forever, but you must be brave enough to see it through. This is not the end, oh no my friend. Take courage. Better things await you.
Jaden Wilkes, Therapist|The phone rang. Softly, in actuality, yet it seemed loud and ominous, as phones do at night in dark hotel rooms.
Chuck Palahniuk, Damned|In the airport, luggage-laden people rush hither and yon through endless corridors, like souls to each of whom the devil has furnished a different, inaccurate map of the escape route from hell.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|It's not what I'd want for at my funeral. When I die, I just want them to plant me somewhere warm. And then when the pretty women walk over my grave I would grab their ankles, like in that movie.
Morrissey|Why don't you find out for yourself?Then you'll see the glass, hidden in the grass.
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|The phrase and the day and the scene harmonized in a chord. Words. Was it their colours? He allowed them to glow and fade, hue after hue: sunrise gold, the russet and green of apple orchards, azure of waves, the greyfringed fleece of clouds. No it was not their colours: it was the poise and balance of the period itself. Did he then love the rhythmic rise and fall of words better than their associations of legend and colour? Or was it that, being as weak of sight as he was shy of mind, he drew less pleasure from the reflection of the glowing sensible world through the prism of a language manycoloured and richly storied than from the contemplation of an inner world of individual emotions mirrored perfectly in a lucid supple periodic prose?
Will Christopher Baer, Kiss Me, Judas|Disappear, she says. I love that word.
Karl Marx, Wage-Labour and Capital/Value, Price and Profit|Production is carried on for profit, not for use. There is no provision that all those able and willing to work will always be in a position to find employment; an “army of unemployed” almost always exists. The worker is constantly in fear of losing his job. Since unemployed and poorly paid workers do not provide a profitable market, the production of consumers’ goods is restricted, and great hardship is the consequence. Technological progress frequently results in more unemployment rather than in an easing of the burden of work for all. The profit motive, in conjunction with competition among capitalists, is responsible for an instability in the accumulation and utilization of capital which leads to increasingly severe depressions. Unlimited competition leads to a huge waste of labor, and to that crippling of the social consciousness of individuals which I mentioned before.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|So you shun me? - you shut yourself up and grieve alone! I would rather you had come and upbraided me with vehemence. You are passionate: I expected a scene of some kind. I was prepared for the hot rain of tears; only I wanted them to be shed on my breast: now a senseless floor has received them, or your drenched handkerchief. But I err: you have not wept at all! I see a white cheek and faded eye, but no trace of tears. I suppose, then, that your heart has been weeping blood?
Tara Moss, Assassin|I do not know whether it came from his own innate depravity or from the promptings of his master, but he was rude enough to set a dog at me. Neither dog nor man liked the look of my stick, however, and the matter fell through. Relations were strained after that, and further inquiries out of the question.
Mary Morrissey|You can always be a better person, a better version of you, focus on that you do that makes you feel good, cultivateactivities that make you feel in peaceand make them part of your daily life.
Shaquille O'Neal|I think our Batman had to be fun, light-hearted, funny, tongue-in-cheek... and I think that made kind of an homage to those earlier comic books, where Batman always had a quip or something.
Arthur Conan Doyle, A Study in Scarlet|Dr. Watson's summary list of Sherlock Holmes's strengths and weaknesses:"1. Knowledge of Literature: Nil.2. Knowledge of Philosophy: Nil.3. Knowledge of Astronomy: Nil.4. Knowledge of Politics: Feeble.5. Knowledge of Botany: Variable. Well up in belladonna, opium, and poisons generally. Knows nothing of practical gardening.6. Knowledge of Geology: Practical but limited. Tells at a glance different soils from each other. After walks has shown me splashes upon his trousers, and told me by their colour and consistence in what part of London he had received them.7. Knowledge of Chemistry: Profound.8. Knowledge of Anatomy: Accurate but unsystematic.9. Knowledge of Sensational Literature: Immense. He appears to know every detail of every horror perpetrated in the century.10. Plays the violin well.11. Is an expert singlestick player, boxer, and swordsman.12. Has a good practical knowledge of British law.
Neal Stephenson|That's not what I'm asking. I'm asking, what's your vice and what brand of trouble does it lead to?
A.S. Byatt|Hades does not have a runny nose. I know this. The entire Greek pantheon no doubt knows this. For some reason, my nose is unaware of this basic fact of mythology.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|You can never be an artist if your work comes without effort. That is the problem with modern ink from a bottle. You do not have to think. You simply write what is swimming on the top of your brain. And the top is nothing but pond scum, dead leaves, and mosquito spawn. But when you push an inkstick along an inkstone, you take the first step to cleansing your mind and your heart. You push and you ask yourself, What are my intentions? What is my heart that matches my mind?
Umberto Eco|When I tell the truth, it is not for the sake of convincing those who do not know it, but for the sake of defending those that do.
Alain de Botton, Religion for Atheists: A Non-Believer's Guide to the Uses of Religion|Nonbelievers are not anti-religious, they are anti-fraud and anti-deception.
P.G. Wodehouse, How Right You Are, Jeeves|I'm falling in love. I am in love. and it's not with Xander, though I do love him. I'm sure of that, as sure as I am of the fact what I feel for Ky is something different.
Walter Cronkite|The first time I went on a serious run was when I was 21 years old at Stanford University. From 21 to 30, I continued the tradition and ran 10 miles every year on my birthday.
Amit Chaudhuri, Afternoon Raag|The more we frequent men, the blacker our thoughts; and when, to clarify them, we return to our solitude, we find there the shadow they have cast.
Joey Comeau, One Bloody Thing After Another|Lockwood gave a sudden exclamation; when I looked at him, his eyes were shining. 'On second thoughts, we can scrap my last suggestion,' he said. 'Stuff the mingling. Who wants to do that? Boring. George - this library. Where is it?
Derric Yuh Ndim|I have learned its very difficult to become financially free by earning the minimum wage. Even if employers increased the minimum wage like the always do its the same thing. But once employees improve on their skills and self development, their wages inevitably go up and then financial independence is possible.
Haruki Murakami, After Dark|Anita felt like she finally understood why love was symbolized by the grotesque pumping organ, always threatening to clog, or break, or attack. Because the heart was the body's engine, and love was an act of the body. Your mind could tell you who to hate or respect or envy, but only your body--your nostrils and your mouth and the wide, blank canvas of your skin--could tell you who to love.
Eleanor Catton|Popular music is one endless love song that, I suspect, the basically solitary Ella Fitzgerald approached much as the basically solitary Marianne Moore approached poetry: reading it with a certain contempt for it, Moore said, you could find a place in it for the genuine.
Francesca Lia Block, Love in the Time of Global Warming|He saw her eyes bright as stars; he saw her lips, and was not satisfied with only seeing them.
Lynsey Addario|Once you have speech, you don't have to wait for natural selection! If you want more strength, you build a stealth bomber; if you don't like bacteria, you invent penicillin; if you want to communicate faster, you invent the Internet. Once speech evolved, all of human life changed.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|[A]t bottom, and just in the deepest and most important things, we are unutterably alone, and for one person to be able to advise or even help another, a lot must happen, a lot must go well, a whole constellation of things must come right in order once to succeed.
Glenn A. Maltais|Young, animated, entirely off your guard, and thoughtless of consequences, Imagination took the reins; and Reason, slow-paced, though sure-footed, was unequal to the race of so eccentric and flighty a companion. How rapid was then my Evelina's progress through those regions of fancy and passion whither her new guide conducted her!-She saw Lord Orville at a ball,-and he was the most amiable of men! -She met him again at another,-and he had every virtue under Heaven!
Kamand Kojouri|Lovers dream of one more embrace.One more kiss.One act of love, no matter how small.For in loving, lover and belovedemptied themselves.Now, they look for their oasislike men engulfed in flames.Even filled to the brim, they will never satiate. For they continue to leak, thesecracked vessels.How else did love seep through?
Alexandra Robbins, The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth: Popularity, Quirk Theory and Why Outsiders Thrive After High School|When we begin to realize, that any of our personal success, is all of our successes, then we are truly ready as a species, for the next level. For if I gain, and you do not, then I have gained nothing, for gain is nothing if not shared.For to isolate one's self, no matter how seemingly enriched, is to lose the greatest treasure of all, the ability to share and grow, from our universal connection.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Without eliminating the fog in your mind, you won’t be able to see clearly! And how can you eliminate this fog? How can you liberate your mind? Just open your mind to the winds of all ideas!
Billy Graham|The jealous are troublesome to others, but a torment to themselves.
Isabella Kruger, Afterlife|My dreams were always the same I could see myself laughing . I was standing somewhere in a forest a raindrop rolled down a branch and fell on my nose . My hair was a sparkling red color and I was wearing a white flowing ball gown made from silk. I could feel him the one I loved staring at me intensely . His eyes as gold as the sun . I could hear him saying my love Fleur .. you are everything to me. His fingertips lightly shivering as he touched my face beckoning for me to come closer. I don't know what I would do if I lost you . "Are you sure you want to be with me?" My body protested as I fought for him to stay but he never did. As soon as I woke up his presence was gone.
Maria Augusta von Trapp|Christianity nowadays is like a big household where many cousins live under the same roof. They all belong to the same clan, but at times they have very different ideas about how to run their family affairs. Some of them, for instance, have no use for any outside devotion. God is a spirit, and He wants to be worshipped in spirit only, they say. Consequently, they have dispensed with all liturgy. They don’t want any distracting ceremonies, no incense, no vestments, no music, no pictures and images, not even sacraments—only the service of the spirit.The trouble is, however, that as long as we live here on earth, we simply are not pure spirits, but we have also a body, and in that body, a very human heart; and this heart needs outward signs of its inward affections. That is why we embrace and kiss the one we love; and the more we love, the more ardently we press him to this very heart—somehow it seems as if these cousins had overlooked that fact. But you can’t cheat the heart; it knows what it wants, and it knows how to get it.
Toba Beta|Great minds don't think, they know.
Robin Bielman, Once Upon a Royal Christmas|Fair warning, though,” he added quietly. “When I hold you against me, I don’t plan on letting you go….”	She gently ran the pads of her fingers down his cheek and around his clean-shaven jaw. His face really was a work of art. “Perfect. Then I’ll be right where I want to be.
Don DeLillo, Mao II|He has always admired writers who each day begin a journey towards the unknown and who nevertheless spend all their time sitting in a room".
Thomm Quackenbush, A Creature Was Stirring|Christmas was gluing cotton balls to Santa’s beard in Coke ads, sneaking candy canes off the tree daily (that my parents replaced every few nights), enough gift-wrap to wallpaper a room, the terror and delight of knowing a magical being would enter my home while I slept.
Vikram Seth, A Suitable Boy|All over India, all over the world, as the sun or the shadow of darkness moves from east to west, the call to prayer moves with it, and people kneel down in a wave to pray to God. Five waves each day - one for each namaaz - ripple across the globe from longitude to longitude. The component elements change direction, like iron filings near a magnet - towards the house of God in Mecca.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|The first step may be the hardest, but once you take action you create motion, which in turn builds momentum.
Anthony Liccione|heaven and earth, nature and man, comedy and tragedy, … the Virgin Mary and the demons...Mozart simply contains and includes all this within his music in perfect harmony. This harmony is not a matter of “balance” or “indifference” – it is a glorious upsetting of the balance, a turning in which the light rises and the shadows fall, in which the Yes rings louder than the ever-present
Hope Alcocer, Where Hope Lies|Music is the secret language that effortlessly connects our bodies, our minds, and our souls. I’m addicted to the lyrics— they speak to me in a way only he and I will understand. So, until it’s safe to speak my mind, I’ll speak to him through lyrics. I’m addicted to him. He’s a song I never want to end.
Deyth Banger|Santa can't die, he punish bad people. Behave well and you won't punished!
E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey|And so a pattern develops: wake, work cry. sleep. I can't even escape him in my dreams. Gray burning eyes, his lost look, his hair burnished and bright and bright all haunt me. And the music... so much music-I cannot bear to hear any music. I am careful to avoid it at all costs. Even the jingles in commercials make me shudder.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|At the time of Lewis and Clark, setting the prairies on fire was a well-known signal that meant, ‘Come down to the water.’ It was an extravagant gesture, but we can’t do less. If the landscape reveals one certainty, it is that the extravagant gesture is the very stuff of creation. After the extravagant gesture of creation in the first place, the universe has continued to deal exclusively in extravagances, flinging intricacies and colossi down aeons of emptiness, heaping profusions on profligacies with ever fresh vigor. The whole show has been on fire from the word go. I come down to the water to cool my eyes. But everywhere I look, I see fire: that which isn’t flint is tinder, and the whole world sparks and flames.
Afrojack|When small men attempt great enterprises, they always end by reducing them to the level of their mediocrity.
Harper Lee|Don't you oh well me,sir," Miss Maudie replied, recognizing Jem's fatalistic noises, "you are not old enough to appreciate what I said.
Oliwier Ernest Brzezinski|Leave me, and go to another, but never stand alone
Deyth Banger|I said, "I'm satisfied teaching the martial arts.""Not me," Arnold responded. "Bodybuilding is just a stepping-stone to me. I plan on becoming a real estate mogul, and from there, I plan to get into the movies."I had to smile as I said to myself, "How's he going to be an actor when he can hardly speak English?
Elon Musk|Reason, observation, and experience; the holy trinity of science.
A.S. Byatt|it [In Memoriam] expressed exactly the nature of her own shock and sorrow, the very structure and slow process of pain, and the transformations and transmutations of grief, like rot in the earth-mould, like roots and other blind things moving in the grave.
Melissa  Brown, Champagne Toast|Being with Demetri wasn’t the absence of pain, it was the added presence of peace, making it easier and easier for that little part of my heart to heal again.--From Pull: A Seaside Novel
David Smail, Power, Interest and Psychology: Elements of a Social Materialist Understanding of Distress|A third [virtue] is the Justice to insist on private property honestly acquired. Butit is also the justice to pay willingly for good work, to honor labor, to break down privilege, to value people for what they can do rather than for who they are, to view success without envy, making capitalism work since 1776.
Kamand Kojouri|You want help? Ask for help. You want love? Ask for love. If you want anything from the universe, anything from yourself, you must first ask.
Ahmet Adam Asar|A life dedicated to family, friends, community, and whole humanity is a life well spent.
Hong  Mei|Faxian and Xuanzang might have been the first Chinese to travel to India, but sometimes it felt like I was the first.
Brian South, The Zombie Sheriff Takes Tucson: A Love Story|What?' He cried, darting at him a look of fury: 'Dare you still implore the Eternal's mercy? Would you feign penitence, and again act an Hypocrite's part? Villain, resign your hopes of pardon. Thus I secure my prey!'As He said this, darting his talons into the Monk's shaven crown, He sprang with him from the rock. The Caves and mountains rang with Ambrosio's shrieks. The Daemon continued to soar aloft, till reaching a dreadful height, He released the sufferer. Headlong fell the Monk through the airy waste; The sharp point of a rock received him; and He rolled from precipice to precipice, till bruised and mangled He rested on the river's banks. Life still existed in his miserable frame: He attempted in vain to raise himself; His broken and dislocated limbs refused to perform their office, nor was He able to quit the spot where He had first fallen. The Sun now rose above the horizon; Its scorching beams darted full upon the head of the expiring Sinner. Myriads of insects were called forth by the warmth; They drank the blood which trickled from Ambrosio's wounds; He had no power to drive them from him, and they fastened upon his sores, darted their stings into his body, covered him with their multitudes, and inflicted on him tortures the most exquisite and insupportable. The Eagles of the rock tore his flesh piecemeal, and dug out his eyeballs with their crooked beaks. A burning thirst tormented him; He heard the river's murmur as it rolled beside him, but strove in vain to drag himself towards the sound. Blind, maimed, helpless, and despairing, venting his rage in blasphemy and curses, execrating his existence, yet dreading the arrival of death destined to yield him up to greater torments, six miserable days did the Villain languish. On the Seventh a violent storm arose: The winds in fury rent up rocks and forests: The sky was now black with clouds, now sheeted with fire: The rain fell in torrents; It swelled the stream; The waves overflowed their banks; They reached the spot where Ambrosio lay, and when they abated carried with them into the river the Corse of the despairing Monk.
George Packer|The attacks of 9/11 were the biggest surprise in American history, and for the past ten years we haven't stopped being surprised. The war on terror has had no discernible trajectory, and, unlike other military conflicts, it's almost impossible to define victory. You can't document the war's progress on a world map or chart it on a historical timetable in a way that makes any sense. A country used to a feeling of being in command and control has been whipsawed into a state of perpetual reaction, swinging wildly between passive fear and fevered, often thoughtless, activity, at a high cost to its self-confidence.
Stella McCartney|Tomorrow morning before we depart, I intend to land and see what can be found in the neighborhood.
Jonas Salk|Hope lies in dreams, in imagination and in the courage of those who dare to make dreams into reality.
Jaron Lanier, You Are Not a Gadget|Face it, George – unlike cholera, death is the only disease everyone is guaranteed to get.’Heath nodded slowly. ‘But usually only once, Hamish. Usually only once.
Anna Quindlen, How Reading Changed My Life|Books are the plane, and the train, and the road. They are the destination, and the journey. They are home.
Timothy Zahn, Star Wars: Thrawn|Alliances are useful in some situations. In others, they are absolutely vital.But they must always be approached with caution. Unity of that sort is based on mutual advantage. While that advantage exists the alliance may stand firm. But needs change, and advantages fade, and a day may come when one ally sees new benefits to be gained in betraying another.The warrior must be alert to such changes if he is to anticipate and survive an anannounced blow. Fortunately, the signs are usually evident in time for defense to be planned and executed.There is also always the possibility that changes will serve to meld the allies even more closely together. It is rare, but it can happen.
Sam Hamill, Tao Te Ching|If I don't get murdered/Rob or have troubles/problems... somebody else should have them. This is called "Ballance".
T Jay Taylor|Once you discover that failure is survivable, your fear of it subsides. Failure is not opposite to success, just part of its process.
Kirk Douglas|When women earn the money for the family, everyone in the family benefits. We also know that when women have an income, everyone wins because women dedicate 90% of the income to health, education, to food security, to the children, to the family, or to the community, so when women have an income, everybody wins.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|We want cattle who can finally become food; He wants servants who can finally become sons. We want to suck in, He wants to give out. We are empty and would be filled; He is full and flows over. Our war aim is a world in which Our Father Below has drawn all other beings into himself: the Enemy wants a world full of beings united to Him but still distinct.
James Patterson, The Final Warning|People want us, or want us dead, because of what we are, not who we are. It's hard.
Mikhail Kalashnikov|My parents and my grandfather on my mom's side would travel the earth. They went to Australia and China, and they went to probably every soccer game I ever played.
Lucy Christopher, Stolen: A Letter to My Captor|Noah?"A welcome voice - not my mother's, but welcome all the same: Echo. A smile spread across my face. This was too good. Me in a towel, alone in the house with my nymph. I left the bathroom.
Skye Jordan, Reckless|We have many needs in life,but the one thing we really need is to be needed by the one we need the most.
Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity|It is important never to separate love and knowledge, compassion and wisdom. A wisdom without compassion is closed upon itself and does not bear fruit. A compassion without wisdom is a madness and a cause of suffering.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Where there is passion, there is possibility.
George Orwell, 1984|And don’t miss Frank Otto, the world’s most tattooed man! Held hostage in the darkest jungles of Borneo and tried for a crime he didn’t commit, and his punishment? Well, folks, his punishment is written all over his body in permanent ink!
Tom Althouse|If misfortune finds us, it will not find a home among us, for our hearts will give it no berth, as we birth the fortunes, misfortune missed.
Ian Martin, Pop-Splat|Religion and nationalism? I defecate on the altar of religious conviction, and wipe my arse on the flag of national pride.
Brad Feld|There are those who would advocate that the voice of religion be silenced, or at least relegated to the purely private sphere.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|When you're surrounded by stupidity, self-preservation isn't a sin.
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|Mom used to say that the thoughts in our heads were nothing more than electrical impulses. I remember Dad and her talking about this over dinner. It frustrated Dad that the human brain can fire electrical sparks and think, but that the electricity he’d pump into an android brain would never give it independent thought. The body isn’t that different from a machine. Humans and androids both run on electricity.That lightning spark of energy I saw in the reverie.That was my mother’s last thought, an echo of electricity, something that sparked when I entered her dreamscape.That spark is gone now. Her life is gone now. Everything that made her, her, is gone now. Faded into nothing.
Vishal Chipkar, Enter Heaven|Time is zero, no human made Calender's, colour of which the eyes could fail to identify, the taste of which the tongue could derail, the aroma of which the breathing becomes invalid when we are lost in the Kingdomof Lord, Supreme Power.
Marisette Burgess|Being dead is highly overrated. It’s no fun at all." -- Mythe: A Fairy Tale
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|For [Jane Austen and the readers of Pride and Prejudice], as for Mr. Darcy, [Elizabeth Bennett's] solitary walks express the independence that literally takes the heroine out of the social sphere of the houses and their inhabitants, into a larger, lonelier world where she is free to think: walking articulates both physical and mental freedom.
Aldous Huxley, Crome Yellow|It seemed to him that all his life he had followed the ideals that other people, by their words or their writings, had instilled into him, and never the desires of his own heart. Always his course had been swayed by what he thought he should do and never by what he wanted with his whole soul to do. […] He had lived always in the future, and the present always, always had slopped through his fingers. His ideals? He thought of his desire to make a design, intricate and beautiful, out of the myriad pattern, that in which a man was born, worked, married, had children, and died, was likewise the most perfect? It might be that to surrender to happiness was to accept defeat, but it was a defeat better than many victories.
Ally Condie, Matched|You are honest enough by nature to be able to see and judge your own self clearly - and that is a great thing. Never lose that honesty, Bobby - always be honest with yourself, know your own motives for what they are, good or bad, make your own decisions firmly and justly - and you will be a fine, strong character, of some real use in this muddled world of ours!
Tamera Alexander, From a Distance|Man has to fight for what he wants, any way he can.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|You baffle me, addle me, drive me insane. You muddle, befuddle, and rattle my brain. My senses are mad, Skewed judgment to blame.You drive me half stark-raving bonkers!(But the truly crazy thing is how I love it.)
Hubert Martin|If I tear the sun from the sky and bring all the stars cascading down, would that line of your lips curve to a smile or a frown? With my hands burnt to a crisp and prosthetics in their place, would you hold me close and allow comfort in your embrace? If I fashioned a band from that sun and those stars, would you kiss these lines on my flesh? These irrevocable scars? I've fashioned for you this band of infinite light! Yet upon your finger it is not nearly so bright... You are my stars, sun and light. You are blazing fire in hopeless night. You are a reflection of perfection if my soul stood a mirror. Your affection is my infection, if only you could be nearer. You stand as a darling of your race, while I lay as an emotion with a face. What I sought and seek is not easily found, Yet from your lips escapes the perfect sound. My name and yours, yours and mine, Not even softest silk could be so fine. And yet, I see you standing there, Indecisive and fiddling with your hair. Your eyes are downward cast and your tears and my tears flow, What I would do to see them glow…and for you to know.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|In this hour, I do not believe that any darkness will endure.
Delano Johnson, Rare Images of Love|No matter who’s looking at you, love, honesty, and kindness will always make you beautiful!
Sarah Micklem, Wildfire|Helen's Saigon had always been about selling - chickens, information, or lovely young women, it didn't matter. It had once been called the Pearl of the Orient, but by people who had not been there in a very long time. Saigon had never been Paris, but now it was a garrison town, unlovely, a stinking refugee shantyville filled with the angry, the betrayed, the dispossessed, but she had made it her home, and she couldn't bear that soon she would have to leave.
Marian Keyes, Rachel's Holiday|They say the path of true love never runs smooth. Well, Luke and my true love's path didn't run at all, it limped along in new boots that were chafing its heels. Blistered and cut, red and raw, every hopping, lopsided step, a little slice of agony.
Jennifer Estep, By a Thread|Y’all might as well come on out,” I said. “I know you’re there. I can smell you.”“Smell me? But I just took a shower this morning!” an indignant voice drifted out of the shadows.There was a loud sound, like someone was getting smacked upside the head. Then another voice let out a low mutter.“Shut up, idiot.
Conway Zirkle, Evolution, Marxian biology and the social scene|The proponents of Marxian biology appear in unexpected places. In the early disputes over evolution, the most effective aid to the Marxian line came from the humanitarian but conservative Christians, who not only rejected evolution on theological grounds, but who also looked with horror on the amoral viciousness of what they took to be natural selection. Marx himself had also objected to the competitive aspects of natural selection, so both his followers and the more conservative religious groups found themselves on the same side. In fact, the Marxian biologists of the last seventy-five years had their pathways made smooth by the Victorian fundamentalists.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|Your father was no longer a young man. he was already in his fifties.'Fifty-six,' Eddie said blankly.Fifty-six,' the old woman repeated. 'His body had been weakened, the ocean had left him vulnerable, pneumonia took hold of him, and in time, he died.'Because of Mickey?' Eddie said.Because of loyalty,' she said.People don’t die because of loyalty.'They don’t?' she smiled. 'Religion? government? Are we not loyal to such things, sometimes to the death?'Eddie shrugged.Better,' she said, 'To be loyal to one another.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Being with her I feel a pain, like a frozen knife stuck in my chest. An awful pain, but the funny thing is I'm thankful for it. It's like that frozen pain and my very existence are one.
Rob Liano|If you haven't arrived yet, keep driving, your destiny is waiting for you.
Frank Luntz|It has to be able to play at the maximum expression and communication in every style, and the only way you can do that is - like Verdi said - working with a file, every day, little by little, until the orchestra's collective qualities emerge.
Charo|I always wanted to write for children. When I was growing up, we were really poor. My mother had left, and it was all a mess. So I lived in my head a lot, and I would get lots of books for Christmas - from librarians and teachers - and they just fed my imagination.
David Foster Wallace, Consider the Lobster and Other Essays|I've never had an interest, but baseball looks abnormal.
Chuck Palahniuk, Beautiful You|She kept hoping that something would happen to rescue her from her own small-scale, predictable dreams.
Akiroq Brost|It's simple: What you put in, is what you get out.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Incubus Dreams|There's Only so much emotional super glue in a person's soul, that everything just stays broken.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|In the success equation, subtraction comes before multiplication or addition. You must sow before you can reap a harvest.
Faydra D. Fields|When you hide the bodies of the problems, that's how you eventually amass skeletons in your closet.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|Now the need for seeking something outside will completely disappear. Once you are blissful by your own nature, your life becomes an expression of your blissfulness, not a pursuit of happiness.
Sameer  Khan, Eerie Edges|When you judge your art with number of likes you get in response to it, you're killing the artist within, and giving rise to an entertainer.
Kathleen A. Kendall-Tackett|Fatigue is epidemic among women in general, and mothers in particular. Mothers talk about sleep the way someone who is starving talks about food. Fatigue can overshadow your life, making everything seem like too much trouble.
Richard Feynman|Now because 18 months ago the first dawn, 3 months ago broad daylight but a very few days ago the full sun of the most highly remarkable spectacle has risen — nothing holds me back. I can give myself up to the sacred frenzy, I can have the insolence to make a full confession to mortal men that I have stolen the golden vessel of the Egyptians to make from them a tabernacle for my God far from the confines of the land of Egypt. If you forgive me I shall rejoice; if you are angry, I shall bear it; I am indeed casting the die and writing the book, either for my contemporaries or for posterity to read, it matters not which: let the book await its reader for a hundred years; God himself has waited six thousand years for his work to be seen.
Paul Bowles, The Spider's House|Perfection is real. It occurs when you find that other part of you, that other person, that when combined you become one, perfect being.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Instructions for freedom":1. Life's metaphors are God's instructions.2. You have just climbed up and above the roof, there is nothing between you and the Infinite; now, let go.3. The day is ending, it's time for something that was beautiful to turn into something else that is beautiful. Now, let go.4. Your wish for resolution was a prayer. You are being here is God's response, let go and watch the stars came out, in the inside and in the outside.5. With all your heart ask for Grace and let go. 6. With all your heart forgive him, forgive yourself and let him go.7. Let your intention be freedom from useless suffering then, let go.8. Watch the heat of day pass into the cold night, let go.9. When the Karma of a relationship is done, only Love remains. It's safe, let go.10. When the past has past from you at last, let go.. then, climb down and begin the rest of your life with great joy.
Carla H. Krueger, Coma House|Trap yourself inside your own brain, switch off the light, block all the escape routes, then turn your back on everything you know to be reality and try and survive there. Try. Living. Nowhere.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, keep doing what you have been doing right and learn to correct what you have been doing wrongly.
George Orwell|The art is more important than the artist. The work is more important than the person who does it. You must be prepared to sacrifice all the you could possibly have, be, or do; you must be willing to go all the way for your art. If it is a question between choosing between your life and a work of art -- any work of art -- your decision is made for you.
John Ortberg, Love Beyond Reason: Moving God's Love from Your Head to Your Heart|If you want to do the work of God, pay attention to people. Notice them. Especially the people nobody else notices.
Evan Meekins, The Black Banner|If we truly detach from our childhood and abandon our inherent romanticism, then we shred any bit of humanity left in us.
Joel Salatin, Everything I Want to Do Is Illegal: War Stories from the Local Food Front|The stronger a culture, the less it fears the radical fringe. The more paranoid and precarious a culture, the less tolerance it offers.
Virginia Henley, Enslaved|With horror he saw that her hair was already afire as the tarred stake burned about her head. He held her agonized gaze with his fierce black eyes. "I'll love you forever, and beyond," he vowed as he raised both arms and plunged his sword into her heart.~Marcus Magnus
Bette Davis|Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage. I'm afraid it did.
Bhavya Kaushik, The Other Side of the Bed|When a husband loses his wife, they call him a widower. When a wife loses her husband, they call her a widow. And when somebody’s parents die, they call them an orphan. But there is no name for a parent, a grieving mother, or a devastated father who have lost their child. Because the pain behind the loss is so immeasurable and unbearable, that it cannot be described in a single word. It just cannot be described.
John  Williams, Stoner|Look, there is nothing you can say about this show that I don't already know
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|I'm sentimental--I know. I'm desperate and silly--I know that too. Oh, help me!
Kate White, I Shouldn't Be Telling You This: Success Secrets Every Gutsy Girl Should Know|If you haven’t found your calling yet, the best thing to do is get your butt off your chair, fill your life with a wide array of unusual experiences, and allow yourself to bump into what will exhilarate you.
Rachel Held Evans, Evolving in Monkey Town: How a Girl Who Knew All the Answers Learned to Ask the Questions|I'm afraid that just as wealth and privilege can be a stumbling block on the path to the gospel, theological expertise and piety can also get in the way of the kingdom. Like wealth, these are not inherently bad things. However, they are easily idolized. The longer our lists of rules and regulations, the more likely it is that God himself will break one.
Robin Hobb, Assassin's Apprentice|Seen from the point of view of a lie, the truth is often touted as radical.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|Tell me about your life since I last saw you." | "There are no great mysteries to tell. My path is always ther, and I do everything I can to follow it in a dignified way." | "What is your path?" | "The path of someone seeking love." | "And love's path is really complicated." | "Because on that path we can go either to heaven or to hell?
Charles R. Swindoll|Jesus has prepared the way and has made following our destiny possible, whereas we are helpless by ourselves. We can find and fulfill our purpose by responding to the clear, simple call of Jesus Christ: "Follow Me." He is the doorway to fulfilling our destiny, where our divine design and God-ordained purpose live in perfect harmony.
Guy de Maupassant, Pierre et Jean|Perhaps that is the only cure for jealousy, to realize that the people we resent and envy for having what we lack, probably have woundsand scars of their own. They may even be envying us.
Sunday Adelaja|How often in our lives have we withheld the truth from someone we’re supposed to love? We justify it by telling ourselves we’re doing them some kindness, when in reality, we’re just being selfish. We don’t want them to know the truth because if they did, well, they might not love us anymore. How many of us have ever felt that no one would love us if they knew the real us? Love bears all things, the Bible tells us. The truth is, everyone who really loves you can bear the real you.
Dee Henderson, The Guardian|She went weak in the knees and could barely walk as she followed him, trembling with fear. Her hopes for a happy future with Jordan came crashing down. Whoever had told Jordan she was free to travel under the name of Maria Brooks must have misled him.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|When I returned to partial life my face was wet with tears. How long that state of insensibility had lasted I cannot say. I had no means now of taking account of time. Never was solitude equal to this, never had any living being been so utterly forsaken.
Anarie Brady, Lesson in Love|He was responsible for my peaks and valleys, the pulsating waves and earth-shattering releases. It didn’t matter if I was bound or not, whether we fucked or made love, he was in control. The reality was he was always in control.
Cynthia D'Aprix Sweeney, The Nest|This was the part she hated, the part of a relationship that always nudged her to bail, the part where someone else’s misery or expectations or neediness crept into her carefully prescribed world. It was such a burden, other people’s lives. She did love Leo. She’d loved him in a host of different ways at different times in their lives, and she did want whatever their current thing was to continue. Probably. But she always came back to this: She was so much better at being alone; being alone came more naturally to her. She led a life of deliberate solitude, and if occasional loneliness crept in, she knew how to work her way out of that particular divot.
Cassandra Clare, Lord of Shadows|Your pretense does not fool me, gnome. My eye will be upon you.
Lisa Schroeder, I Heart You, You Haunt Me|And then it hits me like a fast, open-palmed, stinging smack in the face.Having a ghost boyfriend WASweird
Nora Ephron, I Feel Bad about My Neck: And Other Thoughts on Being a Woman|It's always hard to remember love - years pass and you say to yourself, Was I really in love, or was I just kidding myself? Was I really in love, or was I just pretending he was the man of my dreams? Was I really in love, or was I just desperate?
Phyllis McGinley|Man does find in Nature deliverance from himself, oblivion of his past, with peace and purity!
Bruce E. Johansen|LeavingHe stood backlitby windows full of winter,a shade thrown over his face.What a waste, I thought.What relief.
Deborah Curtis, Touching from a Distance: Ian Curtis and Joy Division|I'm sure we all have dreams of leaving at some time in our lives, but when we reach the bottom, most of us go running home.
Sunday Adelaja|But facts abound to the affirmation that most Christians in my nation Nigeria and all around the world, would rather pray to God to come and fix their country than do something about it themselves.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle. And so we must straighten our backs and work for our freedom. A man can’t ride you unless your back is bent.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a Scientist Who Found Himself by Getting Lost|Long before man traveled into space, rabbis debated how one would observe Shabbat there-not because they anticipated space travel but because Buddhists strive to live with questions and Jews would rather die.
Utkal Tripathy|Challenges are the core of life’s nuclear reactor, the uranium rods are your decisions and the energy generated is your success
Claire McCaskill|Relying on the face might be human nature - even babies prefer to look at attractive people. But, of course, judging someone based on the geometry of his features is, from a moral and legal standpoint, no better than judging him based on the color of his skin.
Swami Dhyan Giten|I was 9 years old when I had my first glimpse of wholeness. It was early Christmas morning and I was standing in my pajamas in the living room and looked out of the large windows. Outside the white snow flakes silently singled down toward a snowclad landscape. Suddenly I was filled with a feeling of being one with the slowly dancing snowflakes, one with the silent landscape. I did not understand then that this was my first taste of meditation, but it created a deep thirst and a longing in my heart to return to this natural and effortless experience of being one with the Whole.
Glen Duncan, By Blood We Live|I hate what’s become of the world. Most of the humans do. There’s so much violence and blood and meaningless death. It’s not even the normal kind of death where your heart stops beating and your loved ones put you in a hole in the ground. A boring way to spend eternity, but if you are lucky, that’s what you’ll get.
Jewel E. Ann, Scarlet Stone|I held her like tomorrow would not come. It stitched me, if only for a second...
George Saunders, Tenth of December|Did you have any yourself?" she said."Just one."Harold thought of David, but it was too much to explain. He saw the boy as a toddler and how his face darkened in sunshine like a ripe nut. He wanted to describe the soft dimples of flesh at his knees, and the way he walked in his first pair of shoes, staring down, as if unable to credit they were still attached to his feet. He thought of him lying in hit cot, his fingers so appallingly small and perfect over his wool blanket. You could look at them and fear they might dissolve beneath your touch.Mothering had come so naturally to Maureen. It was as if another woman had been waiting inside her all along, ready to slip out. She knew how to swing her body so that a baby slept; how to soften her voice; how to curl her hand to support his head. She knew what temperature the water should be in his bath, and when he needed to nap, and how to knit him blue wool socks. He had no idea she knew these things and he had watched with awe, like a spectator from the shadows. It both deepened his love for her and lifted her apart, so that just at the moment when he thought their marriage would intensify, it seemed to lose its way, or at least set them in different places. He peered at his baby son, with his solemn eyes, and felt consumed with fear. What if he was hungry? What if he was unhappy? What if other boys hit him when he went to school? There was so much to protect him from, Harold was overwhelmed. He wondered if other men had found the new responsibility of parenting as terrifying, or whether it had been a fault that was only in himself. It was different these days. You saw men pushing buggies and feeding babies with no worries at all.
Michael Herr|I have a remarkable ability to delete all better judgement from my brain when I get my head set on something. I have no sense of moderation, no sense of caution. I have no sense pretty much.
Robert Walser, Jakob von Gunten|As long as you’re trying to be someone else, or putting on some act or behavior someone else taught you, you have no possibility of truly reaching people. The most valuable thing you have to give people is yourself. No matter what you think you’re selling, what you’re really offering is you.” (p.92)
Sam Ewing|Fathers. Mothers. With all their caring and attention. They will f--- you up, every time.
Jennifer Crusie, Welcome to Temptation|I suppose you had to," Wes said when Phin went back to join him at the table."Pretty much. She seduced me.""Yeah, right," Wes said. "She said, 'Please fix the kitchen drain,' and you interpreted that--""She said, 'Fuck me.' " Phin put two balls on the table and picked up his cue. "I interpreted that to mean she wanted sex.""Oh." Wes picked up his cue. "That would have been my call, too." He squinted at the table. "Why would she have said that?""On a guess? Because she wanted sex.
Amanda Hemingway, The Poisoned Crown|I gather we're old friends.""By my standards. I daresay you measure your friends by the years you have known them, but you're wrong. Friendship is not measured in years.
Daniel Golston|If you’re going to be passionate about something, be passionate about learning.If you’re going to fight something, fight for those in need.If you’re going to question something, question authority.If you’re going to lose something, lose your inhibitions.If you’re going to gain something, gain respect and confidence.And if you’re going to hate something, hate the false idea that you are not capable of your dreams.― Daniel Golston
Debasish Mridha|Oh! let me love for ever. Let me die in love. Life is valueless dust if love touched you never.  Oh! Let me love forever. Let me dream in love. Without power of love, life is a waterless river. Oh! Let me love forever.Love is the joy and charm.Without beauty of love, life is a lifeless flower.
Richard Matheson, Collected Stories, Vol. 1|Very well then! I'll write, write write. He let the words soak into his mind and displace all else.A man had a choice, after all. He devoted his life to his work or to his wife and children and home. It could not be combined; not in this day and age. In this insane world where God was second to income and goodness to wealth.
Henry B. Eyring|You may feel overwhelmed by your own poverty and the labors of the day. But if you decide not to wait until you have more strength and more money, and if you pray for the Holy Spirit as you go, you will, when you arrive, know what to do and how to help someone even poorer than you are.
Ron Paul|Rocket science is tough, and rockets have a way of failing.
Kristen Henderson|He utilizesform for a striking lecture;young poets shiverinexperience,but thaw over their own work,fertilize magic.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Great is the Lord. He is worthy of praise. He is my hope, my joy and my strength.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|At the last, this is what will determine a fulfilling, meaningful life, a life that, behind all the facades, every one of us longs to live: gratitude for the blessings that expresses itself by becoming the blessing.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Every service is a structure of acts and words through which we rceive a sacrament, or repent, or supplicate, or adore. And it enables us to do these things best--if you like, it 'works' best--when, through long familiarity, we don't have to think about it. As long as you notice, and have to count, the steps, you are not yet dancing but only learning to dance.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|Each person you meetis an aspect of yourself,clamoring for love.
Kamila Shamsie, Kartography|Come on! Think of Miandad hitting that six off Sharma. If he could do that, you can do this.
Michael Salter|Are Child Molesters Really Just Victims Themselves? "All victims are offenders," one professional challenged me at a conference, "and all offenders are victims. How does your work address that?"My work doesn't address that because I don't believe there's any evidence for that assertion. Obviously, not all victims are offenders, but it is also likely that most offenders weren't victims. The studies that find a high proportion of child molesters who were victims of child sexual abuse themselves are almost always based on self-report, and even there, study results differ dramatically. Studies show the number of child molesters who were themselves molested as children ranges from 22 percent in some studies to 82 percent in others.[101]
Eve Edwards, The Queen's Lady|Does it bother you when you see Daddy kissing Josh?” he asked.Ty shook his head and made a funny face. “No, not really. I guess you really like him a lot.”“I do,” Rex agreed. “I love Josh.”“I love Josh too, and so I don’t care if you kiss him. But I thought boys only kissed girls.”Rex nodded. “Yeah, well, that’s how it is most of the time, but you know some boys kiss other boys and some girls kiss other girls.”“Well, I don’t wanna kiss no girls!” Ty said emphatically.Rex and Josh both laughed. “Maybe someday you will, though. If you do, that’s fine, and if you don’t, that’s fine too. For right now, you can just kiss Daddy.” He leaned in and kissed Ty on the forehead.
Hannah Arendt, Correspondence, 1926-1969|I'm more than ever of the opinion that a decent human existence is possible today only on the fringes of society, where one then runs the risk of starving or being stoned to death. In these circumstances, a sense of humor is a great help.
VD,|The scientist is more religious than the poet because his belief rests in the faith of the intangible – a reality that stands outside of ourselves who are the observers. The poet on the other hand realizes that concepts like Truth and Beauty form the root of our reality, and lie not in the fleeting nature of appearances, but in the eternal universal aspects of humanity.
Jeannine Atkins, Finding Wonders: Three Girls Who Changed Science|Stars crown the world, she said, but the lights in your eyes, those are stars, too. They make up your crown, he said.
Avra Amar Filion|When a lady isn't perfect, she's a lot more perfect, I believe. - Mack
Ashley Mae Hoiland, One Hundred Birds Taught Me to Fly: The Art of Seeking God|I think of the New Testament story of the woman with an issue of blood--specifically of her hand reaching out into the clutter and chaos of a crowd, not sure that she would reach Christ, but nevertheless reaching for him in hope. Her story is sacred to me because she truly believed that by reaching outside of the bounds that her culture had set for her--perhaps even the bounds she had set for herself--she could be made whole.
Will Schwalbe, Books for Living|Reading and naps, two of life's greatest pleasures, go especially well together.
Kate Scelsa, Fans of the Impossible Life|Bartender," she said to an invisible person, "a Jeremy special." She grabbed two plastic cups. "Coming right up," she replied to herself.The Jeremy special ended up being an elaborate mix of fruit juices and vodka, and wasn't half bad."i think you have a successful bartending career ahead of you," I said as we made our way into the living room."Later I'll make you the Sebby special," she said. "It's used to remove paint from cars.
Paula V. Hardin|Sophisticated readers understand that writers work out their anger, their conflicts, their endless grief and rolling list of loss, through their stories. That however mean-spirited or diabolical, it's only a story. That the darkness in the soul is shaped into type and lies there, brooding and inert, black on the page, and active, dangerous, only in the reader's mind. Actually, harmless. I am not harmless.
Sunday Adelaja|I made my name”. What does this mean? It means you developed the traits that are specific to successful people, passion- the ability to stay focus focused and the determination to never, never, never give up
George MacDonald, The Light Princess and Other Fairy Stories|A genuine work of art must mean many things; the truer its art, the more things it will mean. If my drawing, on the other hand, is so far from being a work of art that it needs THIS IS A HORSE written under it, what can it matter that neither you nor your child should know what it means? It is there not so much to convey a meaning as to wake a meaning. If it do not even wake an interest, throw it aside. A meaning may be there, but it is not for you. If, again, you do not know a horse when you see it, the name written under it will not serve you much. At all events, the business of the painter is not to teach zoology.
Justin Cronin, A Passagem - Volume I|Hi,’ Jake said. ‘I met you earlier today, but you were a lot younger then.’ ‘I was a lot younger ten minutes ago.
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|Real meditation means: don’t avoid the inner madhouse; enter into it, face it, encounter it, be watchful, because it is through watchfulness that you will overcome it.
Ally Carter, All Fall Down|The obvious," Noah goes on, a little out of breath, "being that he is probably some super secret assassin or something. And I'm not as tough as I look.""That's OK," I tell him. "I'm way tougher than you look.
Jeff Garlin, My Footprint: Carrying the Weight of the World|Only now I have added "living green" to the list. And that's when I realize: there is no ending to the story. There is no "I lost my 70 pounds and my house is completely green." It's an ongoing process. There is no end game.It's like success. You think that at some point you make it and then it's easy. Nope. The hard work never goes away. In some ways it's harder. No coasting.
Bill Goldberg|Whether it's at a concert in France or a restaurant in the United States, terrorism doesn't have to happen in a military installation by any stretch of the imagination.
Aleksandra Ninkovic|Robin Williams is one more example, that genius people are genius for a reason, and that reason is feeling without reasoning. Depression is for sensitive people. Sensitive people sense the world as it is, and they can't cope with it. Sensitive people need a better, more tender world to live in. Matter of fact, we all do.
Kat Kaelin, TOOL OF THE WILLOW FAIRY: Love Will Find A Way|The world doesn't owe you anything because you're in it, but you owe yourself the world because it is in you.
Alex Staniforth, Icefall: The True Story of a Teenager on a Mission to the Top of the World|Life, to me, is like fishing: you won’t catch anything until you start, and every year you get older is another year the fish might slip through the net.
Dionne Bromfield|Have you ever struggled to find work or love, only to find them after you have given up? This is the paradox of letting go. Let go, in order to achieve. Letting go is God's law.
Florence Henderson|I like to swim a lot, while Stjepan likes to take long walks with girls. He's the very romantic type. Yes, musicians are romantic.
Travis Bradberry|When men have a smile on their faces, that does a lot for me.
Scott Snyder, American Vampire, Vol. 2|He had seen so much of life, but even more of death. He had seen countless eras come and go and still he braved forward, forever alone. And here she was ready to give up after a few lousy years. She was a coward.
Kate Lord Brown, The Taste of Summer|... a health drink company called Fuel, founded by a former tank commander in the British Army and an extreme-sports enthusiast, offers a liquid fry-up combining the flavors of bacon, sausage, poached egg, fried tomatoes, baked beans, mushrooms, toast, salt and pepper, and brown sauce. It's only 230 calories, and it packs twenty grams of protein (assuming you can keep it down).
Tyler Perry|Plan your work for today and every day, then work your plan.
Kristen Reed, Five Nights With Pharaoh|For a brief moment the previous day, I’d felt a flicker of kinship with him because of my own barrenness, but he brandished his brokenness like a sword, ready to cut anyone who displeased him because someone in Pharaoh’s household had once cut him.
my Teacher|There was this hot, yellowy stillness the air always got in the minutes before the last bell, as if it were stiffening itself to be shattered.
Aesop, Aesop's Fables|Come,' he said, 'come, we must see and act. Devils or no devils, or all the devils at once, it matters not; we fight him all the same.
Lailah Gifty Akita|My grandma, Mrs Grace Ayorkor Acquah, said, "Money matters is only a matter of fancy.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 3|Endurance, I reminded myself, is the true measure of existence.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Do what you choose to do with all your heart, head and hands! Your attitude determines how passionate you do what you chose to do.
Penny Reid, Neanderthal Seeks Human|I didn’t like trusting, I didn’t like setting greater than mild expectations,
Lisa Randall, Knocking on Heaven's Door: How Physics and Scientific Thinking Illuminate the Universe and the Modern World|In some sense, gravity does not exist; what moves the planets and the stars is the distortion of space and time.
April Bloomfield|For me, personally, when I'm afraid of something - when you're afraid of something, normally you try to go away, you try to avoid it. Instead of avoiding it, to overcome your fear, I believe you need to embrace it.
Lisa Leslie|Go see 'Hidden Figures,' and take a young person! It will give a more positive outlook on what is possible if you work hard, do your best, and are prepared.
Charles Martin, Wrapped in Rain|Child," she said placing her head to mine and her callused fingers on my cheek, "you can whip it and beat it senseless, you can drag it through the streets and spin on it, you can even dangle it from a tree, drive spikes trough it, and drain the last breath from it, but in the end, no matter what you do, and no matter how hard you try to kill it, love wins.
C. JoyBell C.|I never studied on fighting demons, but that don't mean I aim to let this one defeat us. The dark ones have their share of limitations too.
Frank Puglisi|I tried to bunked classes, I skipped lectures, I cheated in exams, I lied to my teachers and some stuff were taken for granted when I was a student before. I am not proud about it. Of course, I learned from that experience. I learned that everyone has a chance to change. It doesn't mean that if I am dumbass before and you call me the same thing now. Because now, I work hard, play the game well and strive for excellence. This is me now, a guy with a strong grit in my heart.
Michelle Franklin|And the matron sighed over the destiny of ladies in good society, whose moral judgement led them to love unabashedly and whose depravity led them to pay for it.
Bryan R. Dennis, Isle of Stumps|A man who can laugh at himself is truly blessed, for he will never lack for amusement.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|Even if you time travel your past, it can't be changed, likewise you can't possibly change your future, it is always the present which matters.
Jocelyn Soriano, Mend My Broken Heart|It didn't matter how wonderful Andrew was and how much effort he was prepared to put into their relationship. While Lou didn't feel the same way, his love was only building a tower without foundations.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Life is a game where fair players are winners! But as for the "injury causers", "red-card" sees their end off!
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|We throw our parties; we abandon our families to live alone in Canada; we struggle to write books that do not change the world, despite our gifts and our unstinting efforts, our most extravagant hopes. We live our lives, do whatever we do, and then we sleep. It's as simple and ordinary as that. A few jump out windows, or drown themselves, or take pills; more die by accident; and most of us are slowly devoured by some disease, or, if we're very fortunate, by time itself. There's just this for consolation: an hour here or there when our lives seem, against all odds and expectations, to burst open and give us everything we've ever imagined, though everyone but children (and perhaps even they) know these hours will inevitably be followed by others, far darker and more difficult. Still, we cherish the city, the morning; we hope, more than anything, for more. Heaven only knows why we love it so...
Keith Coogan|Whether it's a 16-year old girl, or a mom, or a guy, or anybody, as long as they come up and they're excited to meet me 'cause they've had some sort of relationship with something I've created, it's the coolest thing ever. It never gets old. It's awesome.
Patrick Ness, The Rest of Us Just Live Here|Mikey," she says, but not like she's about to say anything more, just like she's identifying me, making a place for me here that's mine to exist in. I want her so much, my heart feels heavy, like I'm grieving. Is this what they meant about that stomach feeling? They didn't say it felt this sad.
Linda McMahon|Even back in elementary school, I was a leader, but a leader who didn't know how to channel my leadership skills in a constructive way. When I was younger, it probably came out as being more of a bossy little kid.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Don't ever get discouraged, your effort may not be acknowledged but trust me it's noticed.
L.G. Abell, A Mother's Book of Traditional Househould Skills|A more glorious victory cannot be gained over another than this, that when the injury began on his part, the kindness begins on ours.
Prosper Mérimée, Colomba|His soul swayed in a vertigo of moral indecision. He had only to snap the thread of a rash vow made to a villainous society, and all his life could be as open and sunny as the square beneath him. He had, on the other other hand, only to keep his antiquated honour, and be delivered inch by inch into the power of this great enemy of mankind, whose very intellect was a torture-chamber. Whenever he looked down into the square he saw the comfortable policeman, a pillar of common sense and common order. Whenever he looked back at the breakfast-table he saw the President still quietly studying him with big, unbearable eyes.
Nora Roberts, Face the Fire|Your dreams will never come true through some kind of magic.They will become reality only through self confidence, determination, dedication and effort
Brian Selznick, The Invention of Hugo Cabret|I like to imagine that the world is one big machine. You know, machines never have any extra parts. They have the exact number and type of parts they need. So I figure if the entire world is a big machine, I have to be here for some reason. And that means you have to be here for some reason, too.
Swami Vivekananda|Anything that makes weak - physically, intellectually and spiritually, reject it as poison.
Steven Redhead, Life Is A Cocktail|I could think, write or tell, instead I Lived and Created Myself!
Criss Jami|Could a name be any shorter? Three letters without even the flourish of an e. Ann, a trio of curves and lines.It means “full of grace”.
Vaishnavi Hajari|So you made them your world? In that case, you must really be powerful. I only know one person who can create the world and that is GOD. If you have the power to create the world out of somebody who clearly doesn`t deserve the honour;Imagine what you could do for the person who deserves it and that is You,
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|What messes us up a lot in this life is setting our expectations way too high and then being ashamed when we fail. What is worse is when we allow other people to make us feel ashamed for failing. What is worse than that is hiding and lying about our failure. It’s ok to fail, especially when it’s a significant life change and you gotta stand up for that right in this life.
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|Insanity? The mental processes of a man with whom one disagrees, are always wrong. Where is the line between wrong mind and sane mind? It is inconceivable that any sane man can radically disagree with one's most sane conclusions.
Ian Lamont|Organizations are not designed for innovation. Quite the contrary, they are designed for ongoing operations.
Lynn Margulis|I don't think I could live with anybody. I had roommates, and it's not for me. I like my space!
Cynthia Leitich Smith, Blessed|Straightening, I asked, "What do you believe in?""Old love songs, best friends, the collected works of J.R.R.Tolkien, crispy pork egg rolls with just the right amount of grease, the Big Boss and eternity.""The Big Boss?"Zachary pointed up, as if to heaven. "Pious,"I teased.
Joseph Campbell, The Hero With a Thousand Faces|The dreamer is a distinguished operatic artist, and, like all who have elected to follow, not the safely marked general highways of the day, but the adventure of the special, dimly audiblecall that comes to those whose ears are open within as well as without
Simon Cowell|I think that my leadership style is to get people to fear staying in place, to fear not changing.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|Like" and "like" and "like"--but what is the thing that lies beneath the semblance of the thing?
Caitlin Moran|The aphorism "If you want something done, ask a busy woman" is in direct acknowledgment of the efficiency boot camp parenthood puts you through.
Lawrence G. Lovasik|For happiness one needs security, but joy can spring like a flower even from the cliffs of despair.
Harlow Shapley|Some piously record 'In the beginning God', but I say 'In the beginning hydrogen'.
T.N. Suarez|A book is like a trip to a world of imagination and creativity, and those who don’t read will for ever stay in the same place.
Rachel Vincent, Alpha|Some things are private. Some things needed to be said, even when the person who needed to hear them couldn’t hear anything. Ever again.
Henry Miller|Some people survived the neolithic age by being brave, others by being cowardly and smart.
Tova Dian Dean|The greatest stories are simple, but well told.
Erin Hunter|Oh, and I suppose the apples ate the cheese.
L.M. Montgomery, The Story Girl|What we often feel in ecstatic moments in this world - 'I don't ever want this to stop' - will be the constant thought of our hearts in that world. We shall think it, knowing that in fact it never WILL stop.
Kaoru Kurimoto, The Battle of Nospherus|For a while, my self-control and my power of reason quailed to uselessness.
Thomas Frank|In 1979, just after I became governor, I asked Hillary to chair a rural health committee to help expand health care to isolated farm and mountain areas. They recommended to do that partly by deploying trained nurse practitioners in places with no doctors to provide primary care they were trained to provide.
Lawren Leo, Dragonflame: Tap Into Your Reservoir of Power Using Talismans, Manifestation, and Visualization|Raphael's hand tightened on the hilt of the knife. His knuckles were white. He spoke to Magnus. "I have no soul," he said. "But I made you a promise on my mother's doorstep, and she was sacred to me.""Santiago- " Sebastian began."I was a child then. I am not now." The knife fell to the floor. Raphael turned and looked at Sebastian, his wide dark eyes very clear. "I cannot," he said. "I will not. I owe him a debt from many years ago.
Geoffrey Wood, Leaper: The Misadventures of a Not-Necessarily-Super Hero|Is your name even David?' I asked as I yanked my panties back on.'Is yours Melanie?' he inquired, buttoning his jeans.'I asked first,' I countered, wondering for the umpteenth time why being an idiot came so easily to me.
William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar|His life was gentle; and the elementsSo mixed in him, that Nature might stand upAnd say to all the world, THIS WAS A MAN!
George Eliot, Middlemarch|The accouterments of life were so rich and varied, so elaborated, that almost no place at all was left for life itself. Each and every accessory was so costly and beautiful that it had an existence above and beyond the purpose it was meant to serve – confusing the observer and absorbing attention.
Justin Timberlake|My favorite days are the ones where I deal only with my own team, design, marketing, working on the next accessories collection.
Christopher Moore, The Lust Lizard of Melancholy Cove|If they'd been dogs, they would have all been in the yard eating grass and trying to yak up whatever was making them feel so lousy. Not a bone gnawed, not a ball chased-all tails went unwagged. Oh, life is a fast cat, a short leash, a flea in that place where you just can't scratch.
Hiba Fatima Ahmad|I am speaking like a book, but I believe that what I am saying is true.
Albert Einstein|I believe that Gandhi’s views were the most enlightened of all the political men in our time. We should strive to do things in his spirit: not to use violence in fighting for our cause, but by non-participation in anything you believe is evil.
Daniel J. Rice, THE UNPEOPLED SEASON: Journal From a North Country Wilderness|Can you imagine a scenario, given our present circumstances, in which human life will actually survive and be here in a thousand years?
Soke Behzad Ahmadi|. . . there are two types of fighters, the former strike all over the place hoping one would land, the latter, assured of their prowess and capabilities, hit once and destroy the opponent's desire to continue the fight
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|We are here and it is now. The way I see it is, after that, everything tends towards guesswork.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|When the Rabbis stated that obedience or disobedience to the commandments depends not on the will of Hashem but on man’s free will, they echoed Jeremiah, who said, “Out of the mouth of the Most High there comes neither the bad nor the good” (Lamentations 3:38). By the bad he meant vice, and by the good he intended virtue, meaning that Hashem does not predetermine any person as bad or good. Since this is so, a person owes it to himself to mourn his sins and transgressions, since he has committed them of his own free will, as Jeremiah says, “For what should a living man mourn? Let every man mourn because of his sins” (Lamentations 3:39). Jeremiah answers his question positively, telling us that the remedy for our disease lies with us. Just as our failings stemmed from our own free will, so do we have the power to repent of our evil deeds.
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|I think there's something to the old saying that women use sex to get love, and men use love to get sex. And love is really just a word we use to describe a close bond, or relationship, between two people. Men have been programmed to want sex, so they do whatever is necessary to be in a relationship with a woman. And a woman is programmed to want the stability and (financial) security of a relationship, so she offers the man what he wants: sex.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We spend great sum of money to buy good books, so that we can satisfy our pleasure of reading.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Failure is a sign post, directing the right road for life’s journey.
Claire Cook, Time Flies|Fozzy was slowly realising his mistake of not having taken his friends words of warning more serious all those years ago. 'She's an expensive filly, with double standards,' he had said. Fozzy had not listened.
Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer|I really don't even know you, and yet, in my life, you are forever entangled; to my history, inextricably bound.
Anton Chekhov|When describing nature, a writer should seize upon small details, arranging them so that the reader will see an image in his mind after he closes his eyes. For instance: you will capture the truth of a moonlit night if you'll write that a gleam like starlight shone from the pieces of a broken bottle, and then the dark, plump shadow of a dog or wolf appeared. You will bring life to nature only if you don't shrink from similes that liken its activities to those of human
Debasish Mridha|Yoga not only allows you to learn to control your breathing, but it ultimately enhances your abilities to harmonize your thoughts and enhances your inner beauty.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|Everyone listened to this amusing narrative with great interest, and the moment that Behemoth concluded it, they all shouted in unison: 'Lies!
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Every time the sky cries, it is because an angel has died... Lucifer started a war in Heaven, and it persists even now. So if God cannot keep his angels under control, what makes you believe that he can keep humanity under control?
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Let today be the day you stop being haunted by the ghost of yesterday. Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people...but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.
Derek Thompson, Hit Makers: The Science of Popularity in an Age of Distraction|In the psychology of aesthetics, there is a name for the moment between the anxiety of confronting something new and the satisfying click of understanding it. It is called an 'aesthetic aha.
Neil Strauss, The Truth: An Uncomfortable Book About Relationships|I never thought I'd be a teacher , but when I started doing it, I fell in love with it.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|Where have I been? she wondered. Is a life that can now be considered an absence a life?For some time things had been going badly for her. She could cite nothing in particular as a problem; rather, it was as if life in general had a grudge against her. Things persisted in turning grey. Although at first she had revelled in the erudite seclusion of her job, in the protection against the vulgarities of the world that it offered, after five years she now felt that in some way it had aged her disproportionately, that she was as old as the yellowed papers she spent her days unfolding. When, very occasionally, she raised her eyes from the past and surveyed the present, it faded from her view and became as ungraspable as a mirage. Although she had discussed this with the Director, who had waved away her condition of mind as an occupational hazard, she was still not satisfied that this was how the only life she had been offered should be lived.
Lou Holtz|I define the American dream as the ability to imagine a way that you want your life to turn out, and have a reasonable hope that you can achieve that.
Faruk DML|Leonora Penderton feared neither man, beast, nor the devil; God she had never known.
Willy Russell, Shirley Valentine|She divorced her husband, y' know. I never knew him, it was before I met Jane. Apparently she came back from work one mornin' an' found her husband in bed with the milkman. With the milkman, honest to God. Well, apparently, from that day forward Jane was a feminist. An' I've noticed, she never takes milk in her tea.
Ted Turner|Of course, you decide which story you want to tell. For me, it's been very authentic, so sometimes I'm super happy, and I post four pictures one after the other; sometimes I'm busy, and I don't. Sometimes I'm sad, and I post a sad picture.
Deborah Meyler, The Bookstore|But in this case,” he continues, tracing the line of the plasterwork with one finger, “I feel that there is one cliché that sums up my position so admirably that it would be pure egotism to attempt a more interesting periphrasis. Plain speaking, therefore, there is to be.“There is undoubtedly a strong possibility, notwithstanding the vagaries of contingency and misfortune, that my son mighthave fallen—or might, we could say, have voluntarily jumped, in accordance with the ethical codes with which he has been brought up—for a play you have made with some success, although, as I am persuaded you would concede, very little originality.”Plain speaking if you’re Henry James, perhaps.
Jalaluddin Rumi|The distance runner who accepts the past in the person he is, and sees the future as a promise rather than a threat, is completely and utterly in the present. He is absorbed in his encounter with the everyday world. He is mysteriously reconciling the separations of body and mind, of pain and pleasure, of the conscious and the unconsciou. He is repairing the rent, and healing the wound in the divided self. He has found a way to make the ordinary extraordinary; the commonplace, unique; the everyday, eternal.
Nanette Mathews|Embrace the flow of your life path, living with grace and ease while showing love towards yourself and others along your journey.
Vladimir Bartol|A fact was the hard outer cover of meaning, and meaning was the soft living stuff inside a fact. Fact and meaning were the driving cogs of living. If the gear of fact drove the gear of meaning, then they revolved in opposite directions, but put the gear of fantasy between the two and they both revolved in the same direction. Fantasy was and is important; it leads to heaven knows where, but follow it and see. Sometimes it pays off.
Israelmore Ayivor|You need to GIVE UP on methods that always give you wrong results... No matter how committed you are with a wrong formular, it always gives a wrong answer. Give up!
Tom Wolfe|I have an issue with others ordering for me, and I spend far too long haranguing people that my choices are the best. I apologize for the amount of conversations I have ruined with this attitude.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|I must show the blacksmith and the shopkeeper once more--two years after marriage--time long enough to have made common people as common to each other as the weed by the roadside; but these are not common to each other yet, and never will be. They will never complain of being _desillusionnes_, for they have never been illuded. They look up each to the other still, because they were right in looking up each to the other from the first. Each was, and therefore each is and will be, real.
Abhijit Naskar, The Krishna Cancer|Awake, O brave one! Arise, O lion-heart! Be the messenger that spreads compassion.
Madeleine L'Engle, Glimpses of Grace: Daily Thoughts and Reflections|Do you love her?' she asked him.'Always have,' he said.'Then why in the world would you leave her alone?
Shahenshah Hafeez Khan|Being mad at failure and being analytical about the reason for failure are 2 different things, first reason slow us down the second will give us an extra boost to try better next time, being mad at things, people or situation is easy, the difficult part is giving your madness a method to succeed.
Ruta Sepetys, Between Shades of Gray|In 1991, after fifty years of brutal occupation, the three Baltic countries regained their independence, peacefully and with dignity. They chose hope over hate and showed the world that even through the darkest night, there is light. These three tiny nations have taught us that love is the most powerful army. Whether love of a friend, love of country, love of God, or even love of enemy- love reveals to us the truly miraculous nature of the human spirit.
Vincent H. O'Neil, Death Troupe|The words of his various writing instructors and professional mentors over the years came back to him at times like these, and he found a new understanding in their advice: Writing is rewriting. The rough draft is just that. You can’t polish what you haven’t written. Things that made for a normal life—like a daily routine that followed the sun—took a back seat to times like these, and he exulted in that change because it served as proof that his writing was indeed the most important thing in his life. It wasn’t a conscious choice on his part, like deciding to repaint the bathroom or go buy the groceries, but an overarching reallocation of his existence that was as undeniable as breathing. Day turned into night, breakfast turned into dinner, and the laptop or the writing tablet beckoned even when he was asleep. He would often awake with a new idea—as if he’d merely been on a break and not unconscious—and he would see the empty seat before the desk not as his station in some pointless assembly line, but as the pilot’s seat in a ship that could go anywhere.
A. C. Benson|At CNN, our view is that good journalism equals good business.
Swami Dhyan Giten|There is a very simple relationship between increased socioeconomic rifts in the society and increased violence, criminality, war, increased lack of trust between people, health problems and social exclusion - but it seems to be very difficult for people to understand this simple relationship.
K.J. Bishop, The Etched City|Peruse all the sermons of Jesus and you will be sure to find parables, and sometimes allegory. What you will always find, however, is something of keeping our hearts in order.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Doing what needs to be done may not make you happy, but it will make you great.
Ashley Greene|To me, a critic is some loser who has no idea... someone with an opinion. We all have opinions. No offense, but what makes them dictate what is cool and what is not.
Trishna Damodar|If life has not changed or taught you anything, you haven't been living it right!
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We myopically stare at the gaping hole left in our lives and see nothing but the hole, not realizing a hole is defined by everything around it that is not a hole.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|People who are achievers were once dreamers; but not all dreamers eventually become achievers. Before a person gets to become who he/she was meant to become, he/she must be responsible and take the necessary steps expected.
Ashlyn Chase, I Dream of Dragons|We need to pull over now," she screeched as she gagged. "Paper is not supposed to be made out of poop.”"Did it taste like poop?" Hank inquired as he quickly pulled into a rest stop filled with church buses."Since I don't eat poop," Dima snapped, "I wouldn't know.""But you do eat people?""I do not eat people," she yelled."But your people eat people?" I prodded nicely."Occasionally," she hissed. "And your people sniff each other's asses when in animal form..."She had a point - and a foul one at that.
George MacDonald, At the Back of the North Wind|The need for gain, and advantage over others, is one of the chief driving forces behind all human misery.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|Worship Allah and associate nothing with Him, and to parents do good, and to relatives, orphans, the needy, the near neighbor, the neighbor farther away, the companion at your side, the traveler, and those whom your right hands possess (slaves). Indeed, Allah does not like those who are proud and boastful.[Al-Qur'an Surah Nisa 4:36]
Patrick Carman, Into the Mist|It's never too late to stop believing a lie," said Thomas. "You need only courage and friends, and you have both.
Henry Ford|Are you in great physical pain, or is that your thinking expression?
Vince Lombardi|I believe that God knows what each of us wants and needs. It's not necessary for us to make it to church on Sunday to reach Him. You can find Him anyplace. And if that sounds heretical, my source is pretty good: Matthew, Five to Seven, The Sermon on the Mount.
Gretchen Rubin|I define a 'good person' as somebody who is fully conscious of their own limitations. They know their strengths, but they also know their 'shadow' - they know their weaknesses. In other words, they understand that there is no good without bad. Good and evil are really one, but we have broken them up in our consciousness. We polarize them.
David Byrne|Childhood vaccines are one of the great triumphs of modern medicine. Indeed, parents whose children are vaccinated no longer have to worry about their child's death or disability from whooping cough, polio, diphtheria, hepatitis, or a host of other infections.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Everywhere, I have travel to, I felt loved.
Jennifer Salvato Doktorski, How My Summer Went Up in Flames|If I blink she'll disappear," he told her. She looked at him and said,"Maybe that is the best thing for you.
Jaeda DeWalt|Sometimes the most beautiful things are in front of our eyes, and we don’t even notice because we’re either too busy or too afraid to take a closer look.
Dada Bhagwan|My-ness (mamta) is indeed parigrah [attachment to material objects]; material object is not a parigrah. Gnani doesn’t have My-ness (mamata), He has the eternal element (experience of Pure Soul).
Jen Pollock Michel, Teach Us to Want: Longing, Ambition & the Life of Faith|Dissociative Identity Disorder is borne out of trauma. Many individuals who survive severe trauma will later experience marked anxiety, which may or may not relate to triggers from the original trauma. Individuals with DID are highly likely to have a great deal of anxiety.
Debasish Mridha|This moment will never ever come back, so create a memory and hold it tight.
Jefferson Smith|In the world of your story, your outline is like the Ten Commandments. Unfortunately, your characters are all Atheists.
Caitlín R. Kiernan, The Drowning Girl|Writing a novel is a bit like being Daniel Boone. An author stands atop a ridge in a mountain range and can generally see a number of peaks in the distance. What lies between those peaks—the dales and glens, rivers, forests, and other features that distinguish one mountain landscape from another... is where the artistry and intrigue of the writing process lives. As the writer sets out into the story, leaving behind those high points—the beginning, a twist here and there, the climax, and, if perhaps a bit indistinct for the distance to cover, the end—entering the vale below, all manner of things can happen the writer never intended or expected at the onset.
Sharon Salzberg|Innovation is so hard and so frustrating; it takes the intersections of people with courage, vision, and resources.
Bruce Sterling, Love is Strange|«Eliza opened her furry black satchel. She pulled out a portable CD player. “Gav, look here. Once, I loved this machine. Because it plays all my CDs. But nobody buys music in the stores any more! Even I don’t pay for music, and I’m rich! I’m carrying a zombie in my purse!”“Well, yes, that platform is obsolete now, but a new business model will arise for music.”“No it won’t! That’s a lie! Nobody will ever pay! The music business is the walking dead! Don’t lie to me.” Eliza stuffed her doomed device back in her furry purse.Gavin rubbed his chin. “Your Digital Native generation really has some issues.”»
David Brier, The Lucky Brand|We've all seen it. A #startup begins with a #dream, a #passion to do something others have missed or overlooked.
Max Heindel|I ask you to pray for me, for once age has overtaken us, we find consolation only in religion.
Aysha Taryam, The Opposite of Indifference: A Collection of Commentaries|Democracy should always be viewed with a philosophical perspective rather than a political one, because after all democracy was born to a philosopher and murdered by a politician.
Norman Doidge, The Brain That Changes Itself: Stories of Personal Triumph from the Frontiers of Brain Science|Psychoanalysis is often about turning our ghosts into ancestors, even for patients who have not lost loved ones to death. We are often haunted by important relationships from the past that influence us unconsciously in the present. As we work them through, they go from haunting us to becoming simply part of our history.
Alin Sav|The way to peace is not love, but Christ.
Susan Reynolds|Athletes take care of their bodies. Writers must similarly take care of the sensibility that houses the possibility of poems. There is nourishment in books, other art, history, philosophies—in holiness and in mirth. It is in honest hands-on labor also; I don't mean to indicatea preference for the scholarly life. And it is in the green world—among people, and animals, and trees for that matter, if one genuinely cares about trees.
Ken MacLeod, Intrusion|May feel like you're fallin', Tabby, but remember, I'm at the bottom ready to catch you."At these beautiful words, I burst into tears again.Without hesitation, Shy yanked me back into his arms and held me.There it was.I'd reached bottom and I was crying , because I didn't realize it at the time, but he'd already caught me.And it felt beautiful!
Joe Roman, Listed: Dispatches from America's Endangered Species Act|So, ignorant we are. But we're not stupid. Indeed...remaining ignorant about politics and our government is a perfectly rational response to the government we have. The question isn't what we know. The question is what we're capable of knowing, and doing, if we have the right incentives, and the right opportunity.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Claiming to love self, but willingly default to cheating at the first sign of trouble is nothing short of playing yourself. Your ego may feel avenged - temporarily - but your heart and soul, the true self, will suffer the long term affects of karma's justifiable sting.
Pope Francis|Freedom of choice makes it possible to plan our lives and to make the most of ourselves. Yet if this freedom lacks noble goals or personal discipline, it degenerates into an inability to give oneself generously to others.
Jennifer    Ryan, The Chilbury Ladies' Choir|If we don't think about our death until we die, how can we decide how we want to live?
M.F. Moonzajer|People shouldn’t be ashamed of what they are. And it will help them, to gain self esteem and confidence.
Rachel Nichols|If patience is worth anything, it must endure to the end of time. And a living faith will last in the midst of the blackest storm.
Cristina García, I Wanna Be Your Shoebox|Nobody is ready for death. If you ask Joe Blow on the street, he aint gonna tell you he thinks he'll live forever. But when the end is near you'll realize you've been believing that all along. It's like getting caught with your pants down. That's why you gotta live, little one. Yeah stop and smell them roses.
Jack D. Zipes, Spells of Enchantment: The Wondrous Fairy Tales of Western Culture|You've honey on your tongue, ma fifille," Maman once said. "If you'd lived in earlier times, you could have been a troubadour.""...There aren't any troubadours any more, are there, Maman?" Marie said. "And if there were, girls wouldn't be allowed to be one.""Probably not," Maman agreed sadly."I'll be one anyway," I said with determination.Maman smiled and gently pulled on my hair. "I'm sure you will, ma fifille, a clever girl like you. You can do whatever you like in this world if you just have courage enough.
Sherry Thomas, Tempting the Bride|The biggest curse in life is not loosing your love, but not being loved by someone you love.
Jeff Dixon-The Key To The Kingdom|I don't spend a lot of time asking "WHY?" Instead I focus on what I should do now or how I should react." (p.180)
Suzka, Wonders in Dementialand|This woman had no idea who I was. She has no idea I was once a smoker, was thrown out of boarding school twice and a certified rebel with strong opinions. To her, I was new, fresh, immaculate to the bone. This was all strangely wonderful.
Clay Shirky, Here Comes Everybody: The Power of Organizing Without Organizations|I always wonder why condescending snarkiness is the chosen method of communication for so many forum users. It seems to me like these things would be much better expressed in non-confrontational, polite manner.
Cai Guo-Qiang|Art has the power to transform, to illuminate, to educate, inspire and motivate.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Don’t ever rule out the option of U-turn in your life, because one day you will need it! The moment you realize that you are going to the wrong direction, turn to the right direction instantly, with a beautiful U-turn!
Bhavik Sarkhedi|Until 25, I was a master of all and carried a dream to be a famous guy in at least one of em’. It was that sudden realization when I turned 26 that I had to narrow the list down, pick one and struggle for the same again, for then, it must start again and I wondered how could the destiny compensate me for the ‘Master of all’ efforts & struggles I have had. Clueless, answer-less, feeling-less and motionless.
Jeffery Russell, The Dungeoneers|Did I hear things, or can that little dog speak?” said Dibbler.“He says he can’t,” said Victor.Dibbler hesitated. The excitement was unhinging him a little. “Well,” he said, “I suppose he should know.
Julie Johnson|Wyatt’s lips flatten into a serious line. His voice goes low, laced with passion. “Marrying one woman doesn’t mean spending your life with one woman, because the funny girl you fall in love with on a first date at twenty-eight eventually becomes the fascinating creature you propose to at thirty, then evolves into the stunning bride you wait for at the end of an aisle at thirty-two, and finally grows into the astounding mother to your children at thirty-four. By forty, she has blossomed into the businesswoman, the force to be reckoned with. By the time you’re fifty or sixty or seventy or a hundred, she’s been everything — your wife, your lover, your friend, your companion, your sous-chef, your travel partner, your life coach, your confidant, your cheerleader, your critic, your most stalwart advisor. She grows with you. She changes with you. She is always stable, but never stagnant. She is not one woman. She is a thousand versions of herself, a multitude of layers, an infinite ocean whose depths you plumb over a lifetime, whose many treasures and intricacies, quirks and idiosyncrasies you need an entire marriage to explore.” His voice softens. “A man should be so lucky to spend his life stuck with one woman such as that.”-Julie Johnson, "The Monday Girl
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Basic economic theory. People behave differently based on how much they think something’s worth. Because everyone got their chips for free, people made huge bets on every hand—no matter what they were holding. People who play with everything on the line—for real—don’t act like that.
John Taliaferro, All the Great Prizes : The Life of John Hay, from Lincoln to Roosevelt|John Hay on Lincoln: "He always worked with things as they were, while never relinquishing the desire to make them better.
Warren Bennis|Good thoughts bear good fruit, bad thoughts bear bad fruit.
The Silver Elves, The Elf Folks' Book of Cookery: Recipes for a Delighted Tongue, a Healthy Body and a Magical Life|Healing Magic I instill,Far Greater this,Than any pill!
Bryonie Wise|I hereby break all contracts I made unconsciously & consciously before I knew the depth of my own Spirit; the silent ones, the ones I inherited, passed down & accepted as my own from generation to generation.I hereby severe all ties with that which holds me down & back, unable to see the glimmer of what I know to be true, whether by my own creation or by expectations tied like weights around my ankles by others lost in the sea of their own confused hearts.I hereby reclaim my right to choose how my story unfolds, armed with creativity, a heart made of gold & reverent humility.I hereby fully accept all of this living & what-is-yet-to-come with brash integrity & loving determination.I hereby swear to use my superpowers for the love of all beings & I return anything that no longer serves my Higher & Lower Self (& the ones Caught-in-Between) with gratitude & consciousness.I do this all with love, from the great source of it found in my very own beating heart.
Lailah Gifty Akita|He was enraged and bitter and hoped for a personal meeting with Sarkozy where he would recount to him France's colonial history in Africa and make him see reasons why her policy of assimilation was a voyage to the destruction of Africa, its people, land, culture and sense of belonging.
Benjamin Franklin|I saved a man's life once," said Granny. "Special medicine, twice a day. Boiled water with a bit of berry juice in it. Told him I'd bought it from the dwarves. That's the biggest part of doct'rin, really. Most people'll get over most things if they put their minds to it, you just have to give them an interest.
Saminu Kanti|Every time there's elections, we hand out cash. Usually to both sides, but this time the government is going to win for sure. The opposition is in a total mess. So we just have to pay off the government, which is good for us.
Malalai Joya, A Woman Among Warlords: The Extraordinary Story of an Afghan Who Dared to Raise Her Voice|Change often brings unimagined opportunity...If there is no struggle, there is no progress. To live in a safe cocoon- I believe that is not truly living. It is stagnation.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventure Of The Noble Bachelor|My correspondence has certainly the charm of variety, and the humbler are usually the more interesting. This looks like one of those unwelcome social summonses which call upon a man either to be bored or to lie.
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|One of the biggest lessons people on Earth have is the false belief that looks, money and power are requirements for love, when it’s the opposite.
Leo Tolstoy|There are two sides to life for every individual: a personal life, in which his freedom exists in proportion to the abstract nature of his interests, and an elemental life within the swarm of humanity, in which a man inevitably follows laws laid down for him.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The three l’s of being are life, light and love.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Catwings|Oh, Hank," Susan whispered, "their wings are furry.""Oh, James," Harriet whispered, "their hands are kind.
Alexander Haig|I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure - which is: Try to please everybody.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Engrave on your heart; love, hope and faith.
Ridhdhesh Jivawala|I'm always with you:-Hey,I'm with you,I'm always standing behind you ,To hold you whenever you fall.To fix your broken pieces,To hold your side &To hold your hand, even if everyone else refuse to.I'm always with you,No matter how much hard it become,& It doesn't matter, even if we had fight or some misunderstandings,Or since how long we last talked,But whenever you're in need,I'm always with you.I'm always with you,Without asking a single thing from you in return,Not even with any expectations,I'm with you because,I believe in you,I always care,I always understand things,That you fail to explain,That you feel shy to share& I understand even if you don't say.That's why I'm always with you..! ❤
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The obstacles of life is meant to make us better, not bitter.
Debasish Mridha|Beauty of your love-filled smile created a mark on the stone wall of my heart, I can erase it never.
Dave Barry|Aside from velcro, time is the most mysterious substance in the universe. You can't see it or touch it, yet a plumber can charge you upwards of seventy-five dollars per hour for it, without necessarily fixing anything.
Pope Benedict XVI, The Apostles: The Origin of the Church and Their Co-Workers|Saints cannot exist without a community, as they require, like all of us, nurturance by a people who, while often unfaithful, preserve the habits necessary to learn the story of God.
Victor L. Wooten, The Music Lesson: A Spiritual Search for Growth Through Music|Real? What is real? And tell me, what importance does reality have anyway? Did you learn from the experience? Now, that is important!
Michael  Grant, Plague|It's Sanjit. It's a Hindu name. It means 'invincible.'""That's great," Lana said."Invincible. I can't be vinced.""That's not even a word," Lana said."Go ahead: try to vince me," Sanjit said.
Bill Walton|We are biological creatures. We are born, we live, we die. There is no transcendent purpose to existence. At best we are creatures of reason, and by using reason we can cure ourselves of emotional excess. Purged of both hope and fear, we find courage in the face of helplessness, insignificance and uncertainty.
Sunday Adelaja|There is a mighty force, energy and ability inside us that has not yet been noticed by the world
The Weeknd|Once you learn to hit, teach yourself to never miss again.
A. Petrov|People often equate divorce with failure. No one wants to admit to failure, but sometimes it is inevitable. The alternative is a far worse option.
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|If all you do is think about what you need, you’re no better than an animal in the woods, and no smarter either. To be human, you’ve got to want. It makes you smarter and stronger.
Frank A. Clark|However, Heaven can only show you the way. You must walk the path yourself.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|There is one vice of which no man in the world is free; which every one in the world loathes when he sees it in someone else; and of which hardly any people, except Christians, ever imagine that they are guilty themselves. […] There is no fault which makes a man more unpopular, and no fault which we are more unconscious of in ourselves.[…]The vice I am talking of is Pride or Self-Conceit: and the virtue opposite to it, in Christian morals, is called Humility.
Kary Rader, A Taylor-Made Life|may he bring you life, and in that life, may you find joy.
Fred Melamed|Besides the two Christmas things, we've got a about a dozen new tracks we're working on.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|There should be a healthy ‘stubbornness’, assertiveness and confidence that comes from knowledge of your clear vision, mission, values and personal brand.
Koren Zailckas, Smashed: Story of a Drunken Girlhood|You’re looking for real love in a ‘right now’ culture. And, many people might mistake you for just a ‘right now’ person. But, don’t let that fool you. You deserve the real love, the forever love. It might not be ‘right now’, but it’ll be the right love. And, it’ll be worth the wait.
Bil Keane|Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.
Selma Blair|Faith is an aptitude of the spirit. It is, in fact, a talent: you must be born with it.
William Faulkner, A Fable|War is an episode, a crisis, a fever the purpose of which is to rid the body of fever. So the purpose of a war is to end the war.
Israelmore Ayivor|Good parents use the mistakes they did in the past when they were young to advice the children God gave to them to prevent them from repeating those mistakes again. However, bad parents always want to be seen as right and appear "angelic and saintly" as if they never had horrible youth days.
Angie Fox, Southern Spirits|How do you know about Leotta?"	It wasn't like I could tell him that Cephus Hardy was dead and right there about to give him the smackdown, nor could I tell him that I had seen his old Buick parked in front of Higher Ground when I acted like I had no idea he had a car and offered him a ride.	"Isn't she still married to Cephus Hardy?" My eyes zeroed in on his facial expression.	Cephus jumped around me and grabbed Terk by the neck. "Yeah, you sonofabitch!"	"Stop!" I yelled, but it was too late.
Deborah L. Norris, The House Guest: Pathway to Persuasion|There is a hopeless longing for nostalgia that pervades the human soul, a return to the warm glow of remembrance or some imagined past.
Mary Jane Hathaway, Persuasion, Captain Wentworth and Cracklin' Cornbread|Taking my drink, I moved around the bar to her. Her smile was a little crooked as I sat down. I guessed it had been a wet night for platinum blondes.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|What gets a steer from 80 to 1100 pounds in fourteen months is tremendous quantities of corn, protein and fat supplements, and an arsenal of new drugs.
Wesley Chu, The Lives of Tao|I feel my hand. I am these two beasts struggling at the end of my arms. My hand scratches one of its paws with the nail of the other paw; I feel its weight on the table which is not me. It's long, long, this impression of weight, it doesn't pass. There is no reason for it to pass. It becomes intolerable ... I draw back my hand and put it in my pocket; but immediately I feel the warmth of my thigh through the stuff. I pull my hand out of my pocket and let it hang against the back of the chair. Now I feel a weight at the end of my arm. It pulls a little, softly, insinuatingly it exists. I don't insist: no matter where I put it it will go on existing; I can't suppress it, nor can I suppress the rest of my body, the sweaty warmth, which soils my shirt, nor all this warm obesity which turns lazily, as if someone were stirring it with a spoon, nor all the sensations going on inside, going, coming, mounting from my side to my armpit or quietly vegetating from morning to night, in their usual corner.
Marianne Williamson, A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of "A Course in Miracles"|Forgiveness is like the martial arts of consciousness.  In aikido and other martial arts, we sidestep our attacker's force rather than resisting it.  The energy of the attack then boomerangs back in the direction of the attacker. forgiveness works in the same way.  When we attack back, and defense is a form of attack, we initiate a war which no one can win.
Buzz Aldrin|I have an 'office,' technically. I never use it. I work on a couch in my living room, with my laptop on my lap, looking out the windows. I love space and green things. And I'm an incredibly casual person. I slouch. I close the laptop and just lie on the couch for a while if I need to think. I put my feet up on a table while I type.
David T. Dellinger|...a freeze response (dissociation, collapse, numbing, paralysis, deadness) during the incident that threatened your life or limb. Sometimes it's difficult for people to understand that this is really survival response...
Amber Argyle, Witch Song|Without asking, he moved behind her and brushed her hair over her shoulder. Drawing the necklace around her neck, he fastened the clasp. The amber felt cool against her sweltering skin. Lifting it, she rotated the pendant, watching as it caught the light. "It's lovely." Before she could change her mind, she dug into her pocket and shoved the rest of the coins into his hand.
Katie Kenyhercz|He smiled wickedly, and my body warmed. "Girls dig bad boys."	"Unfortunately, that's true."	"Is there a message, Bridge?"	"In your dreams," I replied with a roll of my eyes, but it was all an act because there was a message there. I wanted him. I was screwed ― Uh, bad choice of words.
Julie James|Putting aside your blatant patriarchal biases in assuming the necessary presence of a male familial figurehead, yes, I had a nice brunch, thanks.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|[There's] one... thing I can tell you about human nature: beautiful people are the last ones you want to befriend. Beautiful people float through life thinking that it's perfectly normal for others to gaze at them adoringly, and open doors for them, and defer to their opinion... Doesn't anyone understand that beautiful people are stupid? That's why nature made them beautiful, so they'd have a chance at surviving in the wild. And how do they survive? They use people and then they drop people, and they float away on the currents of their own gorgeousness to the next poor girl who thinks that being friends with a beutiful person will somehow make her beautiful, too. I've got news for you: Hanging around beautiful people just makes you uglier by comparison.
Serenity K Moon - Antarus|My first thought was that a tornado had somehow picked me up and carried me off, like in the Wizard of Oz. No old witches pedaled by, and I didn't see any flying farm animals or chicken coops, and after a few agonizing minutes, I fell deep into unconsciousness again.
K.J. Kilton|One day, you muster the courage and let go of the fear. In a brief moment of insanity, you give wings to the stories you had wanted to tell; some you didn't even know were in you. In that instant, something about you changes. You are born again.
Donna Grant, Dragon King|Grace was breathing heavily when she crested a hill that was a lot steeper than she had originally though. She stood looking over the land even as a cold breeze blew past her.	She wrapped her arms around herself. Though she had traveled extensively all over Europe, she continued to set her stories in Scotland.	Her father used to laugh about it, telling her that there must be something in Scotland drawing her to the land. She used to roll her eyes at his teasing. Now she wondered if he hadn't been right.
Peter Jackson|The only thing I can't do is hear. I can drive, I have a life with four kids, I work on TV, I do movies, so the deafness question, is it that they want to know because, what? Not sure.
Diyar Harraz, One Minute to Midnight|I will not give you up. You are my mate until I take my last breath, and I will follow you to the ends of the earth. You - you are the happiness I never knew i was missing, the heart I didn't know had never beaten.
Anne Shaw Heinrich|Without desire, one is a walking cadaver.
Elizabetta Holcomb, The Guardian|If I say that you are mine, then I am yours.
Emmanuelle Seigner|My parents' long and happy marriage was a great ideal to live up to, but a tough one.
David J. Schow|Horror fiction seems to spawn more dumbass 'rules' than any other kind of writing, and one of the dumbest is the assumed 'requirement' of a twist ending, going all the way back to H.H. Munro. This story is also the result of a long rumination on how stories are sometimes scuttled or diminished by succumbing to such 'rules'.
Brian Skerry|One of the remarkable things about slums is that they do develop their own social organization and economy and even culture that is, on some level, functional and in some cases, remarkably resilient. This is kind of amazing.
Kelly Slater|I'm just trying to be the me that I am and not all of this other crap. I just want to be the family man, and if somehow I can make the money to get my ranch and get the hell away from everybody else, that would be awesome.
Sunday Adelaja|Education is free. Though the education I refer to is not confined to a stuffy old building that still manages to retain its charm – don’t get me wrong, I love my school – but it’s out there in the real world. Waiting to be experienced. Waiting for the curious young minds of tomorrow to free themselves from the shackles of ignorance and transcend above everyday like-minded thoughts and uncover the mysteries of tomorrow.
Brian Andreas|I have a renewed commitment to elegance, she said, in case you think I'm just spending money for the fun of it. 
William Shakespeare|O Luke, I would not lose thee as I lostDarth Vader. His betrayal made my lifeA bleak and tragic thing. Thy loss untoThe dark would make my death a hellish, coldEternity.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Man is not born to solve the problem of the universe, but to find out what he has to do; and to restrain himself within the limits of his comprehension.
Sonal Panse, The Sunshine Time: Season 1 Episode 5|We have no business squatting on other people’s land and we have only ourselves to blame if they take a dim view of it. I mean, c’mon, what would you do if someone barged into our house and just took it over? How would you react? Are you going to say, welcome, intruders, take it all, we’ll gladly confine ourselves to the bathroom. That is, until you want us out of the bathroom as well. Then we will happily kill ourselves and leave you to deal with our bodies as you please. Is that what you would say? Of course not. You would make a complete ruckus. So why are you surprised when other people do the same?
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders get to tall heights by taking short steps. Being faithful, diligent and consistent with little steps is the secret to mounting greater heights.
Joel Osteen|Yoga is a way to freedom. By its constant practice, we can free ourselves from fear, anguish and loneliness.
Deyth Banger|Stupidy is easy, everyone can learn it... You just say to stupid stuff and you are the big Job,... but try to be a wise that's what's hard and most people just try to destroy the wise people why??Because they are too stupid to realease it!
Malti Bhojwani|Be grateful for the things you don't have that you don't want." -Bob Dylan's Dad
Ufuoma Apoki|You don't always get your dreams come to you in FULL DEFINITION. It usually comes in bits and pieces of the picture you've conceived in your mind; but it certainly comes. And when it comes, even blurry in LOW DEFINITION, and you recognize it, all you've got to do is make a little tweaks here and there and then you can fine tune it to the BEST DEFINITION. You however, have to DREAM!
George Steiner, Real Presences|No neighbourhood or district, no matter how well established, prestigious or well heeled and no matter how intensely populated for one purpose, can flout the necessity for spreading people through time of day without frustrating its potential for generating diversity.
Lisa Kessler, Magnolia Mystic|Forgive me, God, for I'm about to sin like fuck.
George Augustus Sala, Twice Round the Clock, or the Hours of the Day and Night in London|That people you don’t know are worth knowing, that they have something to teach you. That learning about them – that encountering new ideas – doesn’t threaten you, it enriches you. (Celeste Ng)
Helen Keller|In this life, we have to make many choices. Some are very important choices. Some are not. Many of our choices are between good and evil. The choices we make, however, determine to a large extent our happiness or our unhappiness, because we have to live with the consequences of our choices.
Song Joong-ki|Don't eat because you're angry, bored, sad, or stressed.
Kiera Dellacroix, Engravings of Wraith|I play to win and if it looks like I've lost, its only because its not over yet.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Declaration of Sentiments|He has usurped the prerogative of Jehovah himself, claiming it as his right to assign for her a sphere of action, when that belongs to her conscience and to her God. He has endeavored in every way that he could to destroy her confidence in her own powers, to lessen her self-respect, and to make her willing to lead a dependent and abject life.
Charles Wesley|No Condemnation now I dread,Jesus, and all in Him, is mineAlive in Him, my Living Head,And clothed in Righteousness Divine,Bold I approach th' eternal Throne,And claim the Crown, through Christ my own
Wade Davis, Into the Silence: The Great War, Mallory and the Conquest of Everest|There is no doubt that we are a very cruel people,' Winston Churchill wrote home from the front. 'Severity always,' went the British motto, 'justice when possible.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Ah! That glance of yours did some magic on me, you were not aware of. For once I died and was reborn. To put it simply: you did (CRL+ALT+DELETE) to my mind!
Alexa Von Tobel|I can remember when I first went into the Himalayan area way back in 1951. Money, for instance, was not important at all to the local people. But now, finance has become just as important to them as it is to us, and this is a change maybe not for the better.
Steve Maraboli|It’s my life and I’m not afraid to LIVE it! I would rather experience the ups and downs of a life I have chosen, than to suffer the regret of a life I have settled for.
Chris Prentiss, Zen and the Art of Happiness|The more you engage in any type of emotion or behavior, the greater your desire for it will become.
Jason Reitman|I love technology - yes, I have fallen in love with older cars, but I'm all for new technology.
Stephen King, Duma Key|Talent is a wonderful thing, but it won't carry a quitter. 
Henry George|Of all presidential perks, the pardon power has a special significance. It is just the kind of authority that would attract the special attention of someone obsessed with himself and his own ability to influence events.
Sam Savage, Firmin|I always think everything is going to last forever, but nothing ever does. In fact nothing exists longer than an instant except the thing that we hold in memory
Noah Lukeman, A Dash of Style: The Art and Mastery of Punctuation|A good writer reveals beauty in the mundane and truth in tragedy. Words are a tool; a currency of the mind, and the best writers weave passages into our hearts that our bones remember.
Eknath Easwaran, The End of Sorrow|Her nausea increased, the dialect had become unfamiliar, the way our wet throats bathed the words in the liquid of saliva was intolerable. A sense of repulsion had invested all the bodies in movement, their bone structure, the frenzy that shook them. How poorly made we are, she thought, how insufficient. The broad shoulders, the arms, the legs, the ears, noses, eyes, seemed to her attributes of monstrous beings who had fallen from some corner of the black sky.
Amy Lukavics, The Women in the Walls|The girl lives in a beautiful dollhouse made of stone', I wrote one time in my dairy when I was young, my handwriting shaky but sure. 'But beneath her shining plastic smile, there are only screams'.
Zuky rose Leigh|The scientist is a lover of truth for the very love of truth itself, wherever it may lead.
Anna Campbell, Claiming the Courtesan|The other problem is that she hasn’t arrived.”“Oh, yeah? And who is she?” “Well, she is a remarkable, funny, classy woman who can say the word fuck without being trashy. She makes me laugh, is ambitious, loves me because I’m nice, not in spite of it, and is as nice in return. She is simply enchanting.” “Shooting for the stars there, aren’t you, pal?”“Shouldn’t we all?” I didn’t know anymore, although I utterly envied his romanticism.
Edmund Spenser, Amoretti and Epithalamion|One day I wrote her name upon the strand,But came the waves and washèd it away:Again I wrote it with a second hand,But came the tide, and made my pains his prey.
Pippa DaCosta, Ties That Bind|Help others while respecting the Sacred Law of Free Will. By recognizing and honoring God in others, you recognize and honor God within yourself.
Terry Goodkind|Justice is not cheap in this country, and people who insist on it are usually either desperate or possessed by some private determination bordering on monomania.
John Steinbeck, The Acts of King Arthur and His Noble Knights|Roland glares at Connor and Connor glares back. Then he says what he always says at moments like this."Nice socks."Although Roland doesn't look down right away, it derails him just enough for him to back off. He doesn't check to see if his socks match until he thinks Connor isn't looking. And the moment he does, Connor snickers. Small victories are bet­ter than none.
Ingmar Bergman|Today the individual has become the highest form, and the greatest bane, of artistic creation. The smallest wound or pain of the ego is examined under a microscope as if it were of eternal importance. The artist considers his isolation, his subjectivity, his individualism almost holy. Thus we finally gather in one large pen, where we stand and bleat about our loneliness without listening to each other and without realizing that we are smothering each other to death. The individualists stare into each other's eyes and yet deny each other's existence. We walk in circles, so limited by our own anxieties that we can no longer distinguish between true and false, between the gangster's whim and the purest ideal.
Wissam Douglas|When you are in the presence of someone whose seed is in you, you’ve to cultivate that seed and make sure that seed depict you.
Hermann Hesse, Wer lieben kann, ist glücklich. Über die Liebe|Oh, love isn't there to make us happy. I believe it exists to show us how much we can endure.
Martin Heidegger|Dasein *is authentically itself* in the primordial individualization of the reticent resoluteness which exacts anxiety of itself. *As something that keeps *silent*, authentic *Being*-one’s-Self is just the sort of thing that does not keep on saying ‘I’; but in its reticence it ‘*is*’ that thrown entity as which it can authentically be. The Self which the reticence of resolute existence unveils is the primordial phenomenal basis for the question as to the Being of the ‘I’. Only if we are oriented phenomenally by the meaning of the Being of the authentic potentiality-for-Being-one’s-Self are we put in a position to discuss what ontological justification there is for treating substantiality, simplicity, and personality as characteristics of Selfhood. In the prevalent way of saying “I,” it is constantly suggested that what we have in advance is a Self-Thing, persistently present-at-hand; the ontological question of the Being of the Self must turn away from any such suggestion.*Care does not need to be founded in a Self. But existentiality, as constitutive for care, provides the ontological constitution of Dasein’s Self-constancy, to which there belongs, in accordance with the full structural content of care, its Being-fallen factically into non-Self-constancy*. When fully conceived, the care-structure includes the phenomenon of Selfhood. This phenomenon is clarified by Interpreting the meaning of care; and it is as care that Dasein’s totality of Being has been defined.”―from_Being and Time_. Translated by John Macquarrie & Edward Robinson, pp. 369-370
Shannon Hale, The Unfairest of Them All|You don't need luck. You are powerful, clever, and fearless.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons, Oxygen & Nanak|Your mind is not merely the vehicle of God, rather it is the life-force that keeps God alive. Without the Mind, there is no God. Without you, there is no God.
Barton Gellman|I grew up in the world of bad television, on my dad's sets and then as a young schmuck on dating shows and so on.
–Ted Mosby|I don’t know," she said. "I’m not sure you would like me in real life. I’m a lot different there, you know. I don’t even look the same."	" I don’t care if you look like a troll with warts," Sir Leo declared, taking her hand in his. "I love you.
Paul C. Vitz, The Self: Beyond the Postmodern Crisis|We don’t think, we think we think
Orson Scott Card, Children of the Mind|I believe what Jesus said was, 'I the Lord will forgive whom I will forgive. But of you it is required that you forgive all men.
Patricia MacLachlan, Baby|Sometimes poetry--words--give us a small, lovely look at ourselves. And sometimes that is enough.
Nalini Singh, Angels' Blood|If I'd wanted you dead five minutes ago, you'd have died five minutes ago.
John O'Donohue|Though beauty is autonomous, there seem to be occasions when human presence can become congruent with her will. In creative work no amount of force or mechanical management can guarantee beauty. Suddenly, without expecting it, beauty is there. Yet ultimately beauty is a profound illumination of presence, a stirring of the invisible in visible form and in order to receive this we need to cultivate a new style of approaching the world.
S.D.   Smith, The Green Ember|While some consider God's standards as too confining, a true believer sees them as loving and freeing.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we obey God, we shall be his treasured possession.
Jennifer Salaiz|We are inside soft, sweet and pure white despair.
Justin Bieber|This land is your land and this land is my land, sure, but the world is run by those that never listen to music anyway.
|Is the energy of your circle positive enough to bring out the best in you? If it's not, then it's time to wisely reposition yourself.
Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes|For now. But if I ever decide you're useless, you are a dead man."To be killed by you is to be desired more than a life excluded from your service."Bravo." Her Imperial Viciousness laughed with genuine feeling. "Bra-vo!
Ravi Zacharias, I, Isaac, Take Thee, Rebekah: Moving from Romance to Lasting Love|In the early days of marriage, joy precedes the act. Tragically, as the years go by joy can be severed from the act until finally, the act itself is no more. This ought not to be. Over time it is the companionship that brings joy, and service is the natural outworking of the joy of commitment. Failure to act kills it.
Harvey Pekar|When I first started dating my husband, I had this weird fascination with the circus and clowns and old carnival things and sideshow freaks and all that. About a month after we started dating, he bought me this amazing black-and-white photo book on the circus in the 1930s, and I started sobbing.
Nicole Hardy, Confessions of a Latter-day Virgin: A Memoir|So, Don't Mix Up Your Way To Write Your Life Story With Others, Then Definitely It Won't Sell. You Only Know What You're Encountering In Every Single Step. Everyone's Shoes Won't Fit In Your Feet....
B.F. Skinner, Walden Two|Promising paradise or threatening hell-fire is, we assumed, generally admitted to be unproductive. It is based upon a fundamental fraud which, when discovered, turns the individual against society and nourishes the very thing it tries to stamp out. What Jesus offered in return of loving one's enemies was heaven on earth, better known as peace of mind.
William Bartram|Since traveling is such a big part of my life when I am working, I like to vacation relatively close to home. Florida is a great place for me to go and relax. It's so close, which is perfect because it's the minimal travel time.
Debasish Mridha|To understand the universe, look deep into your heart.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|To be a vegetarian is to disagree - to disagree with the course of things today... starvation, cruelty - we must make a statement against these things. Vegetarianism is my statement. And I think it's a strong one.
Richard Powers, Orfeo|We will not sleep, but will all be changed, in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye. You'll see me again. But you'll never know when. Hear that shifting, ambiguous rhythm, that promise of all things possible, and the ear is on its way to being free.
Lewis Tappan|The die is set and Malcolm will not escape for the foolish talk he spoke against his benefactor, such a man, is worthy of death, and it would have been so, were it not for Muhammad's confidence that God would give him the victory over the enemies.
James Van Pelt|The teacher took two long strides and stood beside Parker’s desk. Before the boy could speak, Mr. Earl threw the desktop open. For a second, he stared into it. A white glow reflected off his face.“What is this?” he said, as he reached toward the brightness. “Careful, Mr. Earl,” Parker started to say, but it was too late.The teacher screeched before lurching against the desk. He went down quickly, his feet vanishing into the desk last.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|The food in the hostel mess is worst of a kind. The grief in my words reach easily to those who have "been there and done that" Chapatti in the meal is either so uncooked or overly cooked and you can only expect dal in the ocean of water when you are ready to swim.
Dodie Smith|There was a wonderful atmosphere of gentle age, a smell of flowers and beeswax, sweet yet faintly sour and musty; a smell that makes you feel very tender towards the past.
Heather Brooke|If we wander around as politicians jumping at every shadow and desperately afraid of having our words taken out of context or attacks layered on in an unfair way, I think we're actually doing a disrespect to Canadians, to people's intelligence.
Mehmet Murat ildan|He who claims to have travelled in the hard roads, let him show his shoes for the proof!
Mary Abshire, Immortal Revenge|One day you’re a college graduate, in love with Mr. Right and looking for a job. The next day, your Rambo.”“Your timeline is off. And can we lose the Rambo part?
Robert Kroese, The Big Sheep|When the odds are hopeless, when all seems to be lost, then is the time to be calm, to make a show of authority – at least of indifference
Marianne Williamson|Christmas and Easter are attitudinal bookends for an enlightened world view. With an enlightened view of Christmas, we understand that it is within our power through God to give birth to a divine self. With an enlightened view of Easter, we understand that this self is the power of the universe before which death itself has no real power. Resurrection is the symbol of joy, it is the great 'ah-ha!' The acceptance of the resurrection is the realization of the fact that we need wait no longer to see ourselves as healed and whole.
litymunshi|there are signs to find ,understand person who is in love _ in little of sickness or in little success ,or failure ,their eyes ,and heart looks for their lovers .this is for both ,to understand depth of human relationship.which is so strong bonded .
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|The best stories come from deep within us and are of us. Either our inner child comes out to play and makes all things possible, or we mold our characters and events from our own experiences, or our dreams of wanting to experience.
Nanao Sakaki, Break the Mirror|When in doubt, tell the truth. When in pain, listen to the wind.
Catherynne M. Valente, Palimpsest|Their happiness was the kind which is fashioned of the comfortable disorder of sauvignon bottles and coffee cups in the sink, paperback thrillers with split spines on the nightstand, bathrobes hung haphazard on high-backed, brocade-seated chairs, shutters left open all night, and the hallway ever in need of new paint.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|A mothers Love is as deep and powerful as any ocean, in the depths of it forgiveness forever is found for her wandering child.
Benjamin Disraeli|The education that prepared me was my general education classes, which I tried to avoid when I was a stupid undergraduate, but which gave me the foundation of general knowledge that makes a career as a writer possible.
Mayim Bialik|What lingers from the parent's individual past, unresolved or incomplete, often becomes part of her or his irrational parenting.
Andre Agassi, Open|Wisdom of the Ages "Assault and Battery" Weather forecast for the St. Louis Rams next Sunday in Seattle.
Mary Karr, Lit|I'm bred for farm work, and for such folk, the only A's you get come from effort. Strife and strain are all the world can offer, and they temper you into something unbreakable because Lord knows they'll try -- without let up -- to break you.
G.S. Jennsen, Relativity|Alex thrust her hand and half her arm into the labyrinth of light. Her stare blanked, and in the halo of the matrix her eyes and glyphs blazed so radiantly she looked as if she were being consumed by a primordial fire.“She just stuck her hand into Machim Command’s central server matrix!”Caleb smiled, watching on in blatant awe. “She does that.
Josh Dun|Fight and eliminate your evil thoughts for your honour, and own respect to become the best, and the great human, if you are the conscious and sentient person.
Louisa May Alcott|Create your own method. Don't depend slavishly on mine. Make up something that will work for you! But keep breaking traditions, I beg you.
Leigh Goff, Disenchanted|I threw my hands on my hips, shocked by the irony. A Mather helping a Greensmith? Hell was freezing over somewhere beneath our feet and every kind of farm animal was sprouting wings to fly.
Sarah Vowell, Unfamiliar Fishes|After Hiram Bingham built the first church on Oahu the student recalls, "When it was completed some of the natives said among themselves, 'That house of worship built by the haoles is a place in which they will pray us all to death. It is meant to kill us.
David Paul Kikrpatrick|Jesus walked to a solitary place to pray. He went somewhere and found a physical place. We must do the same, so the “going to”, and “the passing through” become a beautiful imitation of our Teacher as we seek to be like Him and be with Him. “Very early in the morning, while it was still dark, Jesus got up, left the house, and went off to a solitary place where he prayed.” (Mark 1:35)
AJ Lee|It seems like once people grow up, they have no idea what's cool.
Melodie Ramone, Burning Down Rome|Dear Natasha,It's the middle of the night. I can't sleep. Thoughts are creeping through my head like darkness slips around the bodies of sky scrapers in every city we've ever been to. From the bottom up, suffocating the life on the street first and then raising to the head and the brain, circling into smog and clouds until the black stretches up so high that nobody can even remember what the stars used to look like.This is how I feel when I lie awake and think of you. I miss you.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|No matter how you are taught by your teacher about how to recite a poem, it is impossible to wear your teacher's smiling face to the stage. You got to change your own face into a smiling one!
Tony Randall|The poet does not fear death, not because he believes in the fantasy of heroes, but because death constantly visits his thoughts and is thus an image of a serene dialogue.
Jodi Livon, The Happy Medium: Speaking the Language of Intuition|What we see, what we say, and what we think is what we get.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Yahweh, you are awesome in power!
Jessica Valenti|There is an expectation that we can talk about sins but no one must be identified as a sinner: newspapers love to describe words or deeds as “racially charged” even in those cases when it would be more honest to say “racist”; we agree that there is rampant misogyny, but misogynists are nowhere to be found; homophobia is a problem, but no one is homophobic. One cumulative effect of this policed language is that when someone dares to point out something as obvious as white privilege, it is seen as unduly provocative. Marginalized voices in America have fewer and fewer avenues to speak plainly about what they suffer; the effect of this enforced civility is that those voices are falsified or blocked entirely from the discourse.
Victoria Stoklasa, Buddhism and Politics: Citizens, Politicians, and the Noble Eightfold Path|Many people who have an interest in politics feel they should proclaim—loudly, and at any given time—what their views are and why the “other side” is wrong. These proclamations appear in many forms, from scathing letters to the editor to frothing-at-the-mouth comments on blogs and internet videos. Although expression and debate are vital parts of policymaking, political speech should be used to push forward ideas that will help others.
Luis Bunuel|I know not age, nor weariness nor defeat.
Tere Liye, Hujan|Tidak ada kabar adalah kabar, yaitu kabar tidak ada kabar. Tidak ada kepastian juga adalah kepastian, yaitu kepastian tidak ada kepastian. Hidup ini juga memang tentang menunggu. Menunggu kita untuk menyadari: kapan kita akan berhenti menunggu.
Amit Kalantri|There was a product which seemed attractive, expensive, portable, beautiful and simple. Everybody talked about its beauty but they bought it for it's simplicity.
Sami Abouzid|Each and every day, I miss you baby, please don't go away. I need you lady, you're the sunshine of my lonely life, in this life I know, it's hard to find you, oh don't let me go, I'll die without you, each and every night I'm crying to be with you ……
Megan Rivers, A Fateful Melody: A Fictional Memoir|I had no idea what the lyrics were in the song, but his voice wrapped around my head, weaving through my hair, and whispered into my ears that made me drunk with a feeling I never felt before.
Tacitus, The Annals of Imperial Rome|It didn't come from the Government down. There was no dictum, no declaration, no censorship, to start with, no! Technology, mass exploitation, and minority pressure carried the trick, thank God.
Maria Semple|I made a real specific decision when I came out of school and most artists were writing about home - if you were a woman, you were writing about being a woman - and I decided not to do that, write about what you know. That's not what I do. I went as far away from home as possible in terms of the development of my imagination.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Oblivion|…these books have their own integrity, their own identity. It is not about the words in there. You don’t need to read these books. Words are there to confuse you. They are just messing around with your mind. You have to look beyond words. There is a big secret somewhere in these books and I am going to find it. And you know that, but you are afraid to admit it. It is dangerous.
Hugh Prather, I Touch the Earth, the Earth Touches Me|We all want to escape our circumstances, don't we? Especially if you are an actor.
Paul David Washer|Why is Jesus’ saying, “I am!” so important? Because, you’re not!
Nadria Tucker, The Heaviest Corner on Earth|He never had nothing of his own before, except the kid, and he can’t claim but half the credit, there, maybe less. T.J.’s blond like his mamma, and stubborn, too. Won’t let nobody hold him except her. Cries every time his daddy picks him up. Every time he looks in those wet blue eyes, he nearly loses it. His own son hates him. Can’t blame the kid for having an opinion.
V.S. Carnes, Sand for Dreams|He wanted to die. He prayed for it. Through the roar in his ears, he begged for it.
Jim Butcher, Fool Moon|The demon trapped in the summoning circle screamed, slamming its crablike pincers against the unseen barrier, hurling its chitinous shoulders from side to side in an effort to escape the confinement. It couldn't. I kept my will on the circle, kept the demon from bursting free."Satisfied, Chauncy?" I asked it.The demon straightened its hideous form and said, in a perfect Oxford accent, "Quite. You understand, I must observe the formalities.
Etienne Vermeersch|The universe, the whole mass of things that are, is corporeal, that is to say, body, and hath the dimensions of magnitude, length, breadth and depth. Every part of the universe is ‘body’ and that which is not ‘body’ is no part of the universe, and because the universe is all, that which is no part of it is nothing, and consequently nowhere.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|Words - so innocent and powerless as they are, as standing in a dictionary, how potent for good and evil they become in the hands of one who knows how to combine them.
Aleksandra Ninkovic|The moment we refuse to hurt others because of our own pain, is the time we evolve as souls.
Catherynne M. Valente, Radiance|The problems of the past.How the problems of the past, uncorrected, inevitably became the problems of the future.
Renee Rose, The Don's Daughter|Are those the Edible Undies cupcakes?” one of the women in the kitchen asked.	“They’re the Nipple Lickers,” Kimmie answered. “Without the nipples.”	“I heard you perfected the Sex on a Peach cupcakes,” another feminine voice said.	“Can you squeeze me in for a double order of Spank Me Strawberries the weekend before Knot Fest?
Taylor Kinney|What's on my playlist when I'm fighting is not so much hip-hop. Sometimes, it's something more inspirational. I get a chance to think about what I'm fighting for, like, my family. It takes me to that state because a lot of times, it's a spiritual warfare for me.
Liao Yiwu, God is Red: The Secret Story of How Christianity Survived and Flourished in Communist China|In these remote corners, I have discovered a center point, where East met West, and although there has been a collision of cultures, there is now a new Christian identity that is distinctly Chinese. The circuitous mountain path in Yunnan province is red because over many years it has been soaked with blood.
Mary Lambert|If I do find myself walking up the aisle and dancing at my own wedding reception, I want the first dance to be both spontaneous and dramatic.
Stefan Molyneux|Appeasers will always try to get the least dangerous person to bend to the most dangerous person. This is one of the main problems in dysfunctional relationships. The more mature and rational you are the more you are victimized because, they are aware that you're not going to be as aggressive, destructive, or possibly as abusive and so you are the one who has to bend. You're the one who has to change and this constant rapping of rational people's souls around the prickly irrationalities of other people are what appeasers are constantly doing.
Robin S. Sharma|.the fire can heal. Somebody needs to see the light, somebody needs to feel the heat. Burn..
Iain Banks|In the end, he had to admit, he didn't really understand her. He didn't understand women. He didn't understand men. He didn't even understand children very well. All he really understood, he thought, was himself and the rest of the universe. Neither anything like completely, of course, but both well enough to know that what remained to be discovered would make sense; it would fit in, it could all be gradually and patiently fitted together a bit at a time, like an infinite jigsaw puzzle, with no straight edges to look for and no end in sight, but one in which there was always going to be somewhere for absolutely any piece to fit.
Paulo Coelho|And the attitude of faith is the very opposite of clinging to belief, of holding on.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Freedom is the courage to resist anything, which obstructs your dream.
Nina Leavins|If weakness pervades the body, then it's mind we must strengthen
Anthony Burgess, Earthly Powers|We are not only contingent beings, dependent on the love and will of a Creator whom we cannot know experientially except in so far as he reveals to us our personal relationship with him as his sons - we are also sinners who have FREELY REPUDIATED this relationship. We have rebelled against him. The spirit of rebellious refusal persists in our heart even when we try to return to him. Much could be said, at this point, about all the subtlety and ingenuity of religious egoism which is one of the worst and most ineradicable forms of self-deception. Sometimes one feels that a well-intentioned and inculpable atheist is in many ways better off - and gives more glory to God - than some people whose bigoted complacency and inhumanity to others are signs of the most obvious selfishness! Hence we not only need to recover an awareness of our creaturehood; we also must repair the injury done to truth and to love by this repudiation, this infidelity. But how? Humanly speaking, there is no way in which we can do this.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Essays of Ralph Waldo Emerson|Why covet a knowledge of new facts? Day and night, house and garden, a few books, a few actions, serve us as well as would all trades and all spectacles. We are far from having exhausted the significance of the few symbols we use. We can come to use them yet with a terrible simplicity.
David Carradine|If you cannot be a poet, be the poem.
Simon Van Booy, Love Begins in Winter: Five Stories|Music helps us understand where we have come from but, more importantly, what has happened to us.
Darmie O-Lujon|In life you’ll face difficulties that postpone some of your dreams. Regardless, life goes fast by reminding us youth is finite and old age is stable. So you mustn’t stop dreaming and running while your strength is yet tough.
Adam Baker, Outpost|I read a lot of travel books before I came here. Fantasised what it would be like. I read Scott’s journal. Those last entries as they froze to death in that tent. ‘Had we lived, I should have made a tale to tell of the hardihood, endurance and courage of my companions which would have stirred the heart of every Englishman.’ I got totally caught up in the romance.”“Scott was a self-aggrandising dick.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Our thoughts create our lifestyle, if you live healthy, it means you think healthy thoughts and if you think unhealthy thoughts, it will reflect in your health and lifestyle too.
Leos Carax|Since we all know that death is inevitable, I don't really see the difference between dying now and dying a decade later. So if I'm threatened with assassination, I welcome it!
Lou Doillon|My dad's name is Vernon and my mom liked the initials, V. V. My sisters and I got named Victoria, Valerie and Vincent so we'd be V. V.'s, too. But, then when you start getting pets' names that start with a 'v,' it's a little embarrassing.
Jonathan Harnisch, Freak|Sadly enough, the most painful goodbyes are the ones that are left unsaid and never explained.
Joyce Carol Oates|I'm doing everything in my power to be a great mother. I wish I could be with her throughout the day, because I'm always working, but I make sure that whether it's the morning or nighttime, I make it extra special.
Lori Benton, A Flight of Arrows|You remember to trust in Heavenly Father. Life is a blessing, but it is also a testing. Take the one as you do the other and trust Him who allows all. Trust what Creator is doing, though we cannot understand it or see the full path.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Rather I think that a man who ... is willing ... to value learning as long as he lives, not supposing that old age brings him wisdom of itself, will necessarily pay more attention to the rest of his life.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|I’m sorry. Oh, what simple words are these!I’m sorry. Lips should breathe them out with ease!But nay, in barring up the way,“I’ll die first” are the words you say.I’m sorry, woe is all pride guarantees.
A Gentlemen|Pretend you are a foolish to the tyrant – because if he realizes you are a genius, he might use you to harm others.
Alexander Payne|The 2012 presidential campaign's turn away from the classic, straight-up, American election - where the candidate who gets the most votes nationwide wins - is another sad reminder of the extreme political polarization distorting today's politics. No one talks about a 50-state strategy for winning the presidency these days.
Thea Harrison, Pia Does Hollywood|Avoid stress, the doctor had said. Eat lots of good food and enjoy this little mysterious bun cooking in the oven. Ha!
Os Guinness, God in the Dark|The question the doubter does not ask is whether faith was really useless or simply not used. What would you think of a boy who gave up learning to ride a bicycle, complaining that he hurt himself because his bicycle stopped moving so he had no choice but to fall off? If he wanted to sit comfortably while remaining stationary, he should not have chosen a bicycle but a chair. Similarly faith must be put to use, or it will become useless.
Lee Ellis, Leading With Honor: Leadership Lessons from the Hanoi Hilton|Persistence is important in every endeavor. Whether it’s finishing your homework, completing school, working late to finish a project, or “finishing the drill” in sports, winners persist to the point of sacrifice in order to achieve their goals.
Gail Carriger, Soulless|The ill-informed masses included her own family among their ranks, a family that specialized in being both inconvenient and asinine.
Shelby Foote, The Civil War, Vol. 1: Fort Sumter to Perryville|A visitor asked Lincoln what good news he could take home from an audience with the august executive. The president spun a story about a machine that baffled a chess champion by beating him thrice. The stunned champ cried while inspecting the machine, "There's a man in there!"Lincoln's good news, he confided from the heights of leadership, was that there was in fact a man in there.
Kathryn Davis|You could try making sense out of the universe, but you were too small and the parts you needed to see were too large or even smaller.
Steven D. Levitt, SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes And Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance|Are people innately altruistic?" is the wrong kind of question to ask. People are people, and they respond to incentives. They can nearly always be manipulated--for good or ill--if only you find the right levers.
Alain de Botton|Life is not an easy matter... You cannot live through it without falling into frustration and cynicism unless you have before you a great idea which raises you above personal misery, above weakness, above all kinds of perfidy and baseness.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|I wondered if that was how forgiveness budded; not with the fanfare of epiphany, but with pain gathering its things, packing up, and slipping away unannounced in the middle of the night.
Rex Curry|A person's right to a job is as specious as his boss' right to success in business. There is no right to a minimum wage, just as there is no right to success in self-employment.
Chris L. Hayes|We'd never talked about it, but I figured you knew the rules. If a cop stopped, you didn't run, you didn't talk back, you didn't ever, ever get angry. White people could do that—hell, they could shoot up a church and then ask for Burger King—but not us. We got killed at traffic stops for speeding, for having broken taillights, for knowing our rights.
Angie karan|when you build your life on a foundation of your authentic truth ~ you are fulfilled with joy and enduring peace, you feel you, the person you are meant to be
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|If I am not for myself, then who will be for me? But when I am for myself, then what am I?
Kenneth Branagh|Geographically, Ireland is a medium-sized rural island that is slowly but steadily being consumed by sheep.
Paulo Coelho|You came so that you could learn about your dreams," said the old woman. "And dreams are the language of God. When he speaks in our language, I can interpret what he has said. But if he speaks in the language of the soul, it is only you who can understand.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|People tend to be generous when sharing their nonsense, fear, and ignorance. And while they seem quite eager to feed you their negativity, please remember that sometimes the diet we need to be on is a spiritual and emotional one. Be cautious with what you feed your mind and soul. Fuel yourself with positivity and let that fuel propel you into positive action.
Stephen King, Misery|[On Anger][T]he instinct of self-preservation, setting itself against everything that interferes with our pleasures and comfort. What is called temper, with its fruits of anger and strife, has its roots in the physical constitution, and is one among the sins of the flesh.[of the spirit . . .][T]he doing our will rather than His. In relation to our fellow-men it shows itself in envy, hatred, and want of love, cold neglect or harsh judging of others.[of fear . . .]The fear of God need never hinder the faith in Him. And true faith will never hinder the practical work of cleansing.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Good becomes better by playing against better, but better doesn't become the best by playing against good.
David Lynch|Events in life mean nothing if you do not reflect on them in a deep way, and ideas from books are pointless if they have no application to life as you live it.
D.S. Mashego|One cannot always build the future for our youth, but we can build our youth for the future.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I must be ever so careful to remember that my pain is a precious salve that when used in the service of others can heal a thousand wounds and more. And I must likewise remember that if I do not use it as such, I have done nothing more than wound myself yet again.
Sue Monk Kidd|One thing that became clear to me is that images of a divine mother are surprisingly important in the psychological wholeness of women, especially in the process of women taking up residence in their own authority.
Cedric Nye, Jango's Anthem|It is essential that justice be done, it is equally vital that justice not be confused with revenge, for the two are wholly different.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The wilderness is a test, whether we will walk in the ways of God.
Gustave Flaubert, Correspondance|How badly arranged the world is. What is the purpose of ugliness, suffering, sadness? Why our powerless dreams? Why everything?
Berry Quotes|We used to be best friends but the first time I saw you, my heart beats fast like my happiness can never be surpassed. I don’t know why but if I lost you promise I will always cry.
Gordon B. Hinckley|You are doing the best you can, and that best results in good to yourself and to others. Do not nag yourself with a sense of failure. Get on your knees and ask for the blessings of the Lord;then stand on your feet and do what you are asked to do.
John Paul II|The future starts today, not tomorrow.
Kelly Corbet, Already Here: The Matter of Love|Our true joy is like those sunglasses we’ve been looking for all over, suddenly realizing they’ve been propped on our head during our entire search. They’re already there, quietly waiting for us to reach up and realize they were never lost at all.
Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor|When you translate the Bible with excessive literalism, you demythologize it. The possibility of a convincing reference to the individual's own spiritual experience is lost. (111)
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|You can perceive a person's aspiration if it is genuine, because this creates a change in the emanations from such a person.
Deborah Rodriguez, Margarita Wednesdays: Making a New Life by the Mexican Sea|No matter what there always seems to be something clouding my existence, nothing is ever clear.
Samuel R. Delany, About Writing: Seven Essays, Four Letters, and Five Interviews|When I write, it feels like there are two little creatures that sit on each of my shoulders. One whispers, "You can do this. You've got what it takes." The other sounds like my mother-in-law.
Neel Burton, Heaven and Hell: The Psychology of the Emotions|Wonder begets culture, which begets yet more wonder, and the end of wonder is wisdom, which is the state of perpetual wonder.
Amanda Craig, In a Dark Wood|What frightened me most was, I could no longer believe in my own life as a story. Everyone needs a story, a part to play in order to avoid the realization that life is without significance. How else do any of us survive? It’s what makes life bearable, even interesting. When it becomes neither, people say you’ve lost the plot. Or just lost it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[Jesus] had only three years of public ministry, but He was never too hurried to spend hours in prayer . . . No day began or closed in which He was not in communion with His Father.
Amalie Howard, Bloodspell|I already fear for my life just because of who I am, you think adding a little inconsequential vampire to the equation will change any of that?
Giovanna Fletcher, Billy and Me|Back at home I spent so much time on my own, but never once felt lonely. Here, even though I see hundreds more people each day, I've never felt lonelier.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|I began to see why woman-haters could make such fools of women. Woman-haters were like gods: invulnerable and chock full of power. They descended, and then they disappeared. You could never catch one.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|In almost 25 years of experience as a high school guidance counselor, a regional college representative, and a private college counselor, I have noted the kinds of things that make the college process productive, successful, and enjoyable. I have worked with so many students who have blossomed in part due to their college search and application process. It can be a period of maturation and of self-exploration, with an honest assessment of skills and interests, development of task organization and discipline, renewed intrafamily communication, and travel to interesting cities and small college towns. I firmly believe when the journey to college is fully embraced, it can truly be loved.
Hollis Seamon, Somebody Up There Hates You|Sometimes, you know, human kindness just knocks you off your feet.
Felicity Brandon, Destination Anywhere|Feed the beast, ladies, and it’ll come to you every time it’s hungry. Make your man feel like he’s the biggest, baddest motherfucker on earth, inside and outside of the bedroom, and he’ll adore you
Robin M. Bertram|Character is what is hidden deep, shows up in the worst of times, be it good or bad, and reflects the heart of a man.
William K. Mahony, The Artful Universe: An Introduction to the Vedic Religious Imagination|Whether divine or human, it is precisely the imagination that fashions and recognizes the universe as meaningful, abiding, and valuable, that is to say, as real.
Leonard Cohen, Let Us Compare Mythologies|Somewhere, somehow, something arises out of the ashes of our losses to remind us that nothing ever ceases. Nothing ever vanishes. Nothing ever comes to nothing.
Joyce, T.S.|Maybe her parents had picked a favorite kid, but that hadn’t bowed Kate. It had made her lock her legs and stand strong instead.
Tamara Rose Blodgett, Death Screams|Then the Skopamish showed up. Their chests heaving, rotting eyes like dull raisins in their skulls. Their eyes found mine like a witching wand seeking water.
Benvenuto Cellini|We strolled to the end of the platform. We came to a man with a signal lamp and I saw that as he passed us he looked at a conductor standing on another platform and made a drinking movement with his hand near his mouth. We stopped past the end of the roof and looked at the sun. "You see the sun, Koekebakker?" The sun was especially clear, right in front of us, close by, bigger and redder than I had ever seen it. It almost touched the rails, it didn't flash brightly on things anymore, there was a dull glow only on the frosted windowpanes of the train shed to the right of the track. "You think I'm drunk?" I did indeed. "It doesn't matter, Koekebakker, when I'm sober I don't understand anything anyway.""Do you understand what the sun wants from me? I have thirty-four setting suns leaning against the wall, one on top of the other, all facing the wall. But every evening it's there again.""Unless it's cloudy," I said. But he wouldn't let himself be distracted."Koekebakker, you've always been my best friend. I've known you since--how long has it been?""Thirteen years. That's a long time. You know what you need to do? Do me a favor. You have a hatbox?"I didn't say anything."Put it in a hatbox, Koekebakker. In a hatbox. I want to be left alone. Put it in a hatbox, a plain old hatbox. That's all it's worth."Bavinck blubbered drunkard's tears. I looked around helplessly. A man in a uniform with a yellow stripe on his cap came up to us and spoke to me."I think it would be better, sir, if you took the gentleman home.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurosutra: The Abhijit Naskar Collection|For a man, the optimal evolutionary strategy is to disseminate his genes as widely as possible, given his few minutes (or, alas, seconds) of investment in each encounter. It all makes simple evolutionary sense, since a woman invests a good deal of time and effort -a nine month long, risky, strenuous pregnancy, in each offspring. Naturally she has to be very discerning in her choice of sexual partners.
Patience Johnson|If all you are looking for is a miracle you are wide open to follow the antichrist and the false prophets because they are going to have a big league of signs and wonders ministry.If signs and wonders do not bring glory and honour to Jesus Christ, then you must be watching a false prophet whose anointing does not come from the Holy Spirit of God.
Emma Cameron, Cinnamon Rain|Be Strong , Have Faith and Always Smile .
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Reprogram your life and mind-set by replacing the bad with the positive, the weakness with the strength.
Khalil Gibran|If you don't know where you are going, you might wind up someplace else.
Clifton Fadiman, Clifton Fadiman's Fireside Reader|Is stuffed, de world, wif feeding girls.
Alexa Riley, Claimed Princess|TOBIAS: No one ever said this would be easy, and you don’t seem like the type of woman to take the easy way out.
George Washington Carver|How do I talk to the flower?Through it I walk to the Infinite.And what is the infinite?It is that silent, small force. It isn't the outer physical contact. No, it isn't that. The infinite is not confirmed in the visible world.It is not in the earthquake, the wind or the fire. It is that still small voice that calls up the fairies. Yet when you look out upon God's beautiful world- there it is. When you look onto the heart of a rose there you experience it- but you can't explain it. There are certain things, often very little things, like the peanut, the little piece of clay, the little flower that cause you to look within-and then you see the soul of things.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Writing allows a person to explore both physical reality and the internal workings of their mind. Writing places us in touch with our unconsciousness. Writing purposefully, applying the white heat of self-examination, can act to transform oneself. Writing allows a person with sufficient resolve to anneal their basic constitution, make their mind more flexible.
Sara Raasch, Snow Like Ashes|That's why literature is so fascinating. It's always up for interpretation, and could be a hundred different things to a hundred different people. It's never the same thing twice.
Carolyn Bramhall, Am I a Good Girl Yet?: Childhood Abuse Had Shattered Her. Could She Ever Be Whole?|Humans are animals and like all animals we leave tracks as we walk: signs of passage made in snow, sand, mud, grass, dew, earth or moss.... We easily forget that we are track-markers, through, because most of our journeys now occur on asphalt and concrete--and these are substances not easily impressed.
Catherynne M. Valente, Radiance|Buck up, baby blowfish. Just puff up bigger than your sadness and scare it right off. That's the only way to live in the awful old ocean.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|What is it that makes you so angry, bothers you so deeply, that you're compelled to act?
Joshua Foer, Moonwalking with Einstein: The Art and Science of Remembering Everything|To the extent that experience is the sum of our memories and wisdom the sum of experience, having a better memory would mean knowing not only more about the world, but also more about myself.
Milan Kundera|If excitement is a mechanism our Creator uses for His own amusement, love is something that belongs to us alone and enables us to flee the Creator. Love is our freedom. Love lies beyond "Es Muss sein!
Frances Beinecke|Many environmental battles are won by delaying a destructive project long enough to change the conversation - to allow new economic, political and social dynamics to emerge.
Nathan Fillion|When I see Bruce Banner becoming the Hulk, it's only a picture. My imagination has to do some of the work there, to impute feeling and everything. We're talking about something that's so surreal, it's just not possible within the world as we know it. So that requires a form that is not so literal.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I feign fullness, but in reality I am achingly empty. And it is because I too often sit at the table of the world instead of the feet of God.
John Michael Greer, The Long Descent: A User's Guide to the End of the Industrial Age|While the invisible hand looks after the private sector, the invisible foot kicks the public sector to pieces.
Holly Duckworth, Ctrl+Alt+Believe: Reboot Your Association For Success|To be effective as future organizations, we must know our fellow leaders better, deeper.
Lucy Larcom|When I read 'Stand By Me,' it was like, 'This is a look back at the same time period when I was growing up, and it was about kids, but it really felt like what it was like to have those powerful feelings of friendship at age 12.' That's what got to me.
Lisa Ann Sandell, A Map of the Known World|They say no land remains to be discovered, no continent is left unexplored. But the whole world is out there, waiting, just waiting for me. I want to do things-- I want to walk the rain-soaked streets of London, and drink mint tea in Casablanca. I want to wander the wastelands of the Gobi desert and see a yak. I think my life's ambition is to see a yak. I want to bargain for trinkets in an Arab market in some distant, dusty land. There's so much. But, most of all, I want to do things that will mean something.
Joel Salatin, Folks, This Ain't Normal: A Farmer's Advice for Happier Hens, Healthier People, and a Better World|Read things you're sure will disagree with your current thinking. If you're a die-hard anti-animal person, read Meat. If you're a die-hard global warming advocate, read Glenn Beck. If you're a Rush Limbaugh fan, read James W. Loewen's Lies My Teachers Told Me. It'll do your mind good and get your heart rate up.
Susan  Fletcher, Corrag|I've heard fate talked of. It's not a word I use. I think we make our own choices. I think how we live our lives is our own doing, and we cannot fully hope on dreams and stars. But dreams and stars can guide us, perhaps. And the heart's voice is a strong one. Always is.Your heart's voice is your true voice. It is easy to ignore it, for sometimes it says what we'd rather it did not - and it is so hard to risk the things we have. But what life are we living, if we don't live by our hearts? Not a true one. And the person living it is not the true you.
Zack Love, The Doorman|At one point, I began to think that I had a divine doorman. Lenny was the most unlikely incarnation of God I could imagine, and yet, I kept drifting irresistibly towards this absurd conclusion. Despite my staunchly atheistic inclinations, I couldn't explain Lenny any other way. But eventually I came to my senses and realized that he was just one of those game show freaks with an encyclopedic memory. That didn't make him God, did it? Would God proclaim so regularly how much he likes Patsy's Pizza?
Shelley K. Wall, Bring It On|He had always liked a good mess—God knows he had sure made a few. In typical form, he squared his shoulders, furrowed his brows and muttered, “bring it on.
Michelle Bachelet|Hey 'Bachelor,' take notes! Trusting one another and sharing a journey to health leads to lasting relationships!
Glendon Swarthout|A man's life consist not of the things he possess, nor Facebook likes and approval.But some of it damn sure consist of his favorite hobbies and love of girls with guns
Denis Healey|World events do not occur by accident. They are made to happen, whether it is to do with national issues or commerce; and most of them are staged and managed by those who hold the purse strings.
Eduardo Galeano, The Book of Embraces|Personalized filters play to the most compulsive parts of you, creating "compulsive media" to get you to click things more.
Louise O'Neill|Put it on record--I am an ArabAnd the number of my card is fifty thousandI have eight childrenAnd the ninth is due after summer.What's there to be angry about?Put it on record.--I am an ArabWorking with comrades of toil in a quarry.I have eight childernFor them I wrest the loaf of bread,The clothes and exercise booksFrom the rocksAnd beg for no alms at your doors,--Lower not myself at your doorstep.--What's there to be angry about?Put it on record.--I am an Arab.I am a name without a tide,Patient in a country where everythingLives in a whirlpool of anger.--My roots--Took hold before the birth of time--Before the burgeoning of the ages,--Before cypess and olive trees,--Before the proliferation of weeds.My father is from the family of the plough--Not from highborn nobles.And my grandfather was a peasant--Without line or genealogy.My house is a watchman's hut--Made of sticks and reeds.Does my status satisfy you?--I am a name without a surname.Put it on Record.--I am an Arab.Color of hair: jet black.Color of eyes: brown.My distinguishing features:--On my head the 'iqal cords over a keffiyeh--Scratching him who touches it.My address:--I'm from a village, remote, forgotten,--Its streets without name--And all its men in the fields and quarry.--What's there to be angry about?Put it on record.--I am an Arab.You stole my forefathers' vineyards--And land I used to till,--I and all my childern,--And you left us and all my grandchildren--Nothing but these rocks.--Will your government be taking them too--As is being said?So!--Put it on record at the top of page one:--I don't hate people,--I trespass on no one's property.And yet, if I were to become starved--I shall eat the flesh of my usurper.--Beware, beware of my starvation.--And of my anger!
Mehek Bassi, Chained: Can you escape fate?|Love happens only once, what happens after that is just compromise; with your heart and with your life...
James Fenton|The poetry and transgression that was so much of surrealism's anarchic force has been recruited into mainstream culture. It has been made commonplace by television and magazine merchandising, by computer games and Internet visuals, by film and MTV, by the fashion shoot.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Once a woman goes over 25, she prioritizes 'financial security' in a potential lover. Love and good looks are just a bonus.
Elena Ferrante, My Brilliant Friend|To cause pain was a disease. As a child I imagined tiny, almost invisible animals that arrived in the neighborhood at night, they came from the ponds, from the abandoned train cars beyond the embankment, from the stinking grasses called fetienti, from the frogs, the salamanders, the flies, the rocks, the dust, and entered the water and the food and the air, making our mothers, our grandmothers as angry as starving dogs.
Henry Rollins|Being in New York is an almost overwhelming experience. While Washington, D.C., is my favorite American city, I regard New York City as the most amazing city in the world. No other comes close. It is an incredible, inexhaustible engine.
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|Accept what it, forget what was.
R. Buckminster Fuller|If you think about brewing, it is biotechnology. And I would say that I was a technologist at heart. So whether I... fermented beer or whether I fermented enzymes, the base technology was the same.
A.R. Von, Blood Dance|You don’t look injured to me. What am I supposed to think? Have you been with them this whole time? My god, Brook. Where were you?
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Her hair is full of icy wind and daylight. She is every princess, every queen, in the history book.
Brownell Landrum, Repercussions: DUET stories Volume IV - Adult Version|Fuck 'em. Call it whatever you want. Maybe it's just two people clinging to each other to stay alive. Maybe sometimes that's all love gets to be. And, maybe, if they hold onto each other long enough . . . maybe something good finally happens.
Richard Baxter, A Christian Directory|Thinking of a problem as a situation that is unwelcome or harmful can be limiting and distracting. When we attach ourselves to dissecting and focusing on the negativity of the problem, we take away valuable time and effort from finding the solution. When we allow our problem to emotionally outweigh our search for a solution, we aren’t as open to the many possible solutions. In fact, both solutions and problems are just options—except one works and the other doesn’t.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Only remember this: to seek justice is a good and noble thing, to seek revenge out of hatred is something that wiil devour your very soul.
Alain de Botton, Status Anxiety|We feel happy when we accomplish something great, and our hearts filled with satisfaction about what we achieved
Bruno Schulz, The Street of Crocodiles|When a seed sprouts, it's a violent process. The skin breaks and splits in two. Something dies and something is born. Anytime you paint a strong or violent image, you may be expressing that part of yourself that's opening in order to let the new emerge.
Jen Hatmaker|But it was never actually that big a deal. Jenkins didn't really disbelieve in the Resurrection: he merely questioned the historical veracity of the New Testament narratives. It was mildly interesting: one side saying "I really believe that Jesus was the Son of God, and that the Bible gives a journalistically accurate account of the circumstances surrounding his birth," and the other saying "I also really believe that Jesus was the Son of God, but I think that the story of Mary and Gabriel may be a legend." A real disagreement, an important one, but not a fundamental fault line along which a church can split. The people who think that the stone really was rolled away, and the people who think that it was rolled away in a very real sense are clearly part of the same religion. But it is hard to see how people who think that it doesn't particularly matter whether or not the stone was rolled away, provided we live in the way that Jesus would have wanted us to, are part of the same religion; or, indeed, of any religion at all. I think that this is what some evangelicals think some liberals think. I think they may be right.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|For a moment I think we were turned into information, and that in that instant we were linked to every other piece of information ever known; every thought ever thought, or at least ever captured by the light.
Ben Sweetland|Success is a journey, not a destination.
Jean Webster, When Patty Went to College|For an educated person, intelligence is important but character is more important.
John W. Gardner|We pay a heavy price for our fear of failure. It is a powerful obstacle to growth. It assures the progressive narrowing of the personality and prevents exploration and experimentation. There is no learning without some difficulty and fumbling. If you want to keep on learning, you must keep on risking failure all your life.
Robert A. Caro, The Passage of Power|Misery, after all, loves company.
Malala Yousafzai|Life can be a misunderstanding, if we are ignorant of the right language or don’t try to learn it. « If lions could speak, we would not understand them. » says Ludwig Wittgenstein. If we make an effort, however, we could manage to understand. ( “ Life was a misunderstanding » )
D.S. Mixell|If you put me on a pedestal, I will fall off because I can never achieve the perfection of your expectations.
Colum McCann, Fishing the Sloe-Black River|The moment you tell someone else is the moment you become a whiner and the world’s smallest violin starts to play. The truth is, we all have problems.
Alejandro Jodorowsky|I used to be prettier than I am, but I think I look better now. I was a pretty boy. Particularly in my early movies. I don't like looking at them so much. There's a sort of pretty thing about me.
Gregory Benford|Picking my topics is sort of a process of elimination for me. Most things don't work for me. I like to cover science and unexpected things happening in labs. Also, theoretical research doesn't work for my style. I need scenes and interactions. Then, humor. I'm having the most fun when I can have fun with my work.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|No construct on earth will stand, that does not stand for the least among them, as their advocate and humble servant.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|We know that children with autism like order, that they are often very visual and that they can be quite literal. They deserve beautiful resources and symbols that make sense. If a picture does not explain visually, it is pointless and the child will stop looking to the pictures for information.
Craig M. Gay, The Way of the (Modern) World: Or, Why It's Tempting to Live As If God Doesn't Exist|Christian hope frees us to act hopefully in the world. It enables us to act humbly and patiently, tackling visible injustices in the world around us without needing to be assured that our skill and our effort will somehow rid the world of injustice altogether. Christian hope, after all, does not need to see what it hopes for (Heb. 11:1); and neither does it require us to comprehend the end of history. Rather, it simply requires us to trust that even the most outwardly insignificant of faithful actions - the cup of cold water given to the child, the widow's mite offered at the temple, the act of hospitality shown to the stranger, none of which has any overall strategic socio-political significance so far as we can now see - will nevertheless be made to contribute in some significant way to the construction of God's kingdom by the action of God's creative and sovereign grace.
Lauren Myracle, Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances|Did I do and say these things? Yes, I did. Are there any mitigating circumstances? Not really, unless any circumstances {in other words, context) can be regarded as mitigating. And before you judge, although you have probably already done so, go away and write down the four worst things you have done to a partner, even if - especially if - your partner doesn't know about them. Don't dress things up, or try to explain them; just write them down, in a list, in the plainest language possible. Finished? Ok, so who's the arsehole now?
Norman Vincent Peale|When you get up in the morning, you have two choices - either to be happy or to be unhappy. Just choose to be happy
Jennifer T. Webb, The Last Wave Near Death Experience, A Life Of Miracles|It is impossible to be creative if you live in the past or the future. To practice the discipline of keeping our consciousness in present time allows our full ability to manifest all physical matter through the power of thought".
Chris Chocola|I've teamed up with PetSmart Charities to celebrate the five million homeless pets who've found homes through their in-store adoption centers, and to spread the word about how we can work together to save millions more pets' lives and, ultimately, end pet homelessness.
Hilary Flower, Adventures in Gentle Discipline: A Parent-to-Parent Guide|There are no moments more painful for a parent than those in which you contemplate your child's perfect innocence of some imminent pain, misfortune, or sorrow. That innocence (like every kind of innocence children have) is rooted in their trust of you, one that you will shortly be obliged to betray; whether it is fair or not, whether you can help it or not, you are always the ultimate guarantor or destroyer of that innocence.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Never take someone for granted based on your perception and act on it, for that would yield in ultimate disaster!
Thomas de Quincey|Big words from a guy who's trussed up like a turkey. What are you going to do, wobble over here like an upside- down turtle to snap me in half?""The logistics of breaking you are easy. The only question is when.
Judith A. Wright, Collected Poems, 1942 1970|Two Songs For The World's End I Bombs ripen on the leafless tree under which the children play. And there my darling all alone dances in the spying day. I gave her nerves to feel her pain, I put her mortal beauty on. I taught her love that hate might find, its black work the easier done. I sent her out alone to play; and I must watch, and I must hear, how underneath the leafless tree, the children dance and sing with Fear. II Lighted by the rage of time where the blind and dying weep, in my shadow take your sleep, though wakeful I. Sleep unhearing while I pray - Should the red tent of the sky fall to fold your time away, wake to weep before you die. Die believing all is true that love your maker said to you Still believe that had you lived you would have found love, world, sight, sound, sorrow, beauty - all true. Grieve for death your moment - grieve. The world, the lover you must take, is the murderer you will meet. But if you die before you wake never think death sweet.
Joseph M. Kyrillos|I don't think anyone has qualms in saying victory to the people of India. But when a political party appropriates such a slogan and says this is the definition of patriotism, those who say it are patriotic and those who don't are not patriotic, then I reject that definition.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt, The Tiny Book of Tiny Stories, Vol. 1|If peace comes from seeing the whole,then misery stems from a loss of perspective.We begin so aware and grateful. The sun somehow hangs there in the sky. The little bird sings. The miracle of life just happens. Then we stub our toe, and in that moment of pain, the whole world is reduced to our poor little toe. Now, for a day or two, it is difficult to walk. With every step, we are reminded of our poor little toe.Our vigilance becomes: Which defines our day—the pinch we feel in walking on a bruised toe, or the miracle still happening?It is the giving over to smallness that opens us to misery. In truth, we begin taking nothing for granted, grateful that we have enough to eat, that we are well enough to eat. But somehow, through the living of our days, our focus narrows like a camera that shutters down, cropping out the horizon, and one day we’re miffed at a diner because the eggs are runny or the hash isn’t seasoned just the way we like.When we narrow our focus, the problem seems everything. We forget when we were lonely, dreaming of a partner. We forget first beholding the beauty of another. We forget the comfort of first being seen and held and heard. When our view shuts down, we’re up in the night annoyed by the way our lover pulls the covers or leaves the dishes in the sink without soaking them first.In actuality, misery is a moment of suffering allowed to become everything. So, when feeling miserable, we must look wider than what hurts. When feeling a splinter, we must, while trying to remove it, remember there is a body that is not splinter, and a spirit that is not splinter, and a world that is not splinter.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Disciples of Fortune|...We find our greatest peace when we embrace something that gives meaning to our lives. Often, it is love for somebody or something we can give up our lives for, or somebody or something that we are sure will never betray us. That love could be for a partner, for our offspring, for a country or for a belief...
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Heaven, Texas|You couldn't be satisfied with being an amateur asshole, could you, Jimbo! You had to go and turn pro on me!
Gregory Hartley|When you understand the mechanincs of stress and master the techniques to manipulate someone's fears and dreams, you will be powerful.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|A busy, vibrant, goal-oriented woman is so much more attractive than a woman who waits around for a man to validate her existence.
Hanif Kureishi, Midnight all Day|The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for. 
Evan Stark|The majority of people I've come across in life have treated me unfairly. I'd be a liar if I said it didn't hurt; I have this deep wound in my soul I feel all the time, but I still choose to love despite my moments of anger and selfishness. Love is the only true, everlasting thing we all live for and who am I to rob someone of experiencing that?
Marieta Maglas|I am bound to accord you, in the name of free speech, the full right to shout, lie and write to your heart’s content. But you are bound to grant me, in the name of freedom of association, the right to enter into, or withdraw from, association with people advocating this or that view.
Melissa Marr, Ink Exchange|Talking won't change it. But sometimes it was what she wanted most, to tell someone; often, though, she just wanted to escape those horrid feelings, to escape herself, so there was no pain, no fear, no ugliness.
Atul Gawande, Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End|When push comes to shove we can afford to lose an arm or a leg, but I am operating on peoples thoughts and feelings... and if something goes wrong I can destroy that persons character... forever.
Richard Siken, Crush|4. Ditties of Life – 4.39 HUMANITY & DIVINITYWhen you lose reasoning you forget humanity,When you forget laughter you lose Divinity.[222]	– 4
Jean-Paul Sartre, No Exit|You are -- your life, and nothing else.
Socrates|I'm giving into my tendency to want to blur and blend the lines between art and life, and privacy and sharing.
Dominic Riccitello|I never expected you to understand, but I did expect you to be there.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|most people come to know only one corner of their room, one spot near the window, one narrow strip on which they keep walking back and forth.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|I called the world of phenomena an illusion, I called my eyes and my tongue and accident, valueless phenomena. No, that is all over; I have awakened, I have really awakened and have just been born today.
Duff Brenna, The Altar of the Body: A Novel|She had stayed home and worked hard and a posthumous recognition had eventually followed. Not that Buck hadn't worked hard, sure he did, but in the end the body won't hold up as a work of art.
Paul Auster|Painting, by its nature, cannot provide an object of simultaneous collective reception... as film is able to do today... And while efforts have been made to present paintings to the masses in galleries and salons, this mode of reception gives the masses no means of organizing and regulating their response. Thus, the same public which reacts progressively to a slapstick comedy inevitably displays a backward attitude toward Surrealism.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|You must understand that love never keeps a man from pursuing his destiny. If he abandons that pursuit, it's because it wasn't true love.
Anthony T. Hincks|If you don't believe in yourself,How can you ever believe in another?
Criss Jami, Killosophy|For who could better describe the eye than God, Who made it? But as it is clearer than the day that God has left a good deal to our own efforts ... we should really follow in these things the thread of nature, by which first principles, reason and daily experience lead us. Therefore, He prompts the minds of great men to inquire into the nature which He created, and He furthers and conducts their studies. These things must be enough to us, and from Holy Scripture we should seek in the first place only those things which are necessary to salvation.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|As a child, my mother told me not to talk to strangers. I did my best to obey. She hadn’t realized that everyone is a stranger to the part of us that makes us who we truly are. The part of us that prays for the rest in ways we cannot comprehend. In a sense, we are our own monsters, lying in wait under our own beds--our own angels and demons. The lives we lead will judge us. This is as natural as the sun rising and setting, something that happens whether or not we’re alive.
Ron Baratono|It's always the people who strive to find, and tell you about one of your imperfections, that want to feel one step above you. The truth is their ten steps below you with nothing better to say.
Donna Lynn Hope|Which is better: to dare to look directly into the blinding present, no matter how painful, or to await the detachment of hindsight -- which, being less painful, is more objective?
Arthur W. Pink|I see people teaching how to make an impact, but i don't want to make dents, i want to walk lightly on the earth, grateful for universal grace.
Katherine Boo, Behind the Beautiful Forevers: Life, Death, and Hope in a Mumbai Undercity|The passion for defiling things was inborn in her. It was not enough for her to destroy them, she had to soil them too.
Beth Neff, Getting Somewhere|Then Cassie told her story. The feeling was like gathering up everything she's ever done or felt or known up to that moment and tying it into a ball and pitching it with all her might as far away as she could, and then watching to see what would happen next, what would roll back to her, what would have gotten left behind.
Wendy Werneth|My love for languages and my love for travel really go hand in hand and feed off of each other. There’s no better way to learn a language than by immersing yourself in a culture where it’s spoken, and there’s no better way to immerse yourself in a culture than by learning to speak the local language.
Epictetus|One of the most interesting things about the cognitive theory is the idea that anger and interpersonal conflict ultimately result from a mental con. In other words, you're telling yourself things that aren't entirely true when you're fighting with someone.
Alexander McCall Smith, A Distant View of Everything|. . . there was something that Isabel had said that always stuck in his mind. Remember what you have and the other person doesn't. It was simple--almost too simple--advice and yet, like all such home advice, it expressed a profound truth.
Emily Eaton (Me)|Don't strive to be beautiful from the outside, instead, strive to be beautiful from the inside, Surface beauty will fade through time & age, beauty from the heart, however, never will!
Olafur Eliasson|In the 20th century alone, there have been 1,600 books about the circus. My adding one more would be superfluous unless I do something totally new and different.
Christine Lewry, Thin Wire: A Mother's Journey Through Her Daughter's Heroin Addiction|He's exasperated. "I'm saying I'm in love with you! I've been in love with you this whole bleeding year!
Meera Uberoi, Leadership Secrets From The Mahabharata|A king should first gain the confidence of the foe and when he has gained it should spring on him like a wolf. The foe should be struck down so effectively that he may never agin raise his head. The foe should be slain by the arts of conciliation, expenditure of money, creating disunion among his allies or by employment of force. Indeed every means in the king’s power should be used to destroy the foe. The king should never strike in ignorance but having slain his foe should never indulge in sorrow. The king should speak with soft words before he smites and even as he is smiting. Grieve for the victim after he is down.
Rob Riggle|If money help a man to do good to others, it is of some value; but if not, it is simply a mass of evil, and the sooner it is got rid of, the better.
Pam Houston, Selfish, Shallow, and Self-Absorbed: Sixteen Writers on The Decision Not To Have Kids|I guess I don't believe you can have it all. I don't believe any of us can. In fact, I believe the very expression having it all is not only a myth but also a symptom of how sick we are in our contemporary culture. Nobody gets to have it all...You will have one thing or another depending on what choice you make. Or you will have both things in limited amounts, and that might turn out to be perfect, just exactly the life you want'" (175).
Judah Smith, Jesus Is: Find a New Way to Be Human|Make rules and follow rules as needed, but don't focus on riles. Focus on faith. Focus on grace. Focus on Jesus.
David H. Martinez|What made you fall in love with a prostitute?'I didn't understand it myself at the time. But I've thought about it since, and I think it was because, knowing that your body would never be mine alone, I had to concentrate on conquering your soul.''Weren't you jealous?"'You can't say to the spring: "Come now and last as long as possible." You can only say: "Come and bless me with your hope, and stay as long as you can.
Justin Bienvenue, Opium Warfare|she had experienced something beautiful, and he had failed to experience it with her. The two ways in which their memories reacted to the evening storm sharply delimit love and non-love.
Mary Crocker Cook, Codependency & Men|Dissociation from the body and emotions – numbness – is a basic requirement of the male ideal. Hardy and Hough point out that the patriarchal culture’s influence is so strong on this point that it interferes with men ever recognizing that pain is a normal indicator of a problem. And as the pain or discomfort increases, men are forced to choose between two problematic alternatives:If I admit I’m sick then I must do something about it. That may entail seeing a doctor which implies I’m weak, not in control of myself, not tough enough.However, if I don’t get help, I’ll get sicker and more vulnerable, really helpless
Charles Bukowski, You Get So Alone at Times That it Just Makes Sense|sometimes when everything seems atits worstwhen all conspiresand gnawsand the hours, days, weeksyearsseem wasted – stretched there upon my bedin the darklooking upward at the ceilingi get what many will consider anobnoxious thought:it’s still nice to beBukowski.
T.S. Eliot|Believe me, Michael:Those who flee from the past will always lose the race.I know this from experience. When you reach your goal,Your imagined paradise of success and grandeur,You will find your past failures waiting there to greet you.
Rudolfo Anaya, Bless Me, Ultima|When you're dealing with these forces or powers in a philosophic and scientific way, contemplating them from an armchair, that rationalistic approach is useful. It is quite profitable then to regard the gods and goddesses and demons as projections of the human mind or as unconscious aspects of ourselves. But every truth is a truth only for one place and one time, and that's a truth, as I said, for the armchair. When you're actually dealing with these figures, the only safe, pragmatic and operational approach is to treat them as having a being, a will, and a purpose entirely apart from the humans who evoke them. If the Sorcerer's Apprentice had understood that, he wouldn't have gotten into so much trouble.
Alan Arkin|Asian American success is often presented as something of a horror - robotic, unfeeling machines psychotically hellbent on excelling, products of abusive tiger parenting who care only about test scores and perfection, driven to succeed without even knowing why.
Steven Pinker|Effective use of Braille is as important to the blind as independent mobility, knowledge in the use of adaptive technology, and the core belief that equality, opportunity and security are truly possible for all people who are blind.
Una LaMarche, Like No Other|If you saw the size of the BLESSING YOU ARE BECOMING, you would understand the magnitude of the battle you are fighting!
Alan Moore, V for Vendetta|The best thing is to walk on the right path without looking back, without knowing who is following you because you must walk with your own speed, with your own freedom! Your followers will catch you or your ideas somehow somewhere ahead, somewhere in time!
Charles Bukowski|if you are going to try, go all the way.. Otherwise, don’t even start.. If you are going to try, go all the way.. This could mean losing girlfriends, wives, relatives and maybe even your mind. Go all the way.. It could mean not eating for three or four days.. It could mean freezing on a park bench.. It could mean jail, derision, mockery, isolation.. Isolation is the gift. All the others are a test for endurance, of how much you really want to do it.. And you’ll do it, despite rejection and the worst odds. And it will be better than anything else you can imagine.. if you are going to try, go all the way.. there’s no other feeling like that. You will be alone with the gods and the nights will flame with fire. Do it, do it , do it.. all the way .. all the way.. You will ride life straight to perfect laughter. It’s the only good fight there is ….
Philip Zimbardo|Growth is painful. Change is painful. But, nothing is as painful as staying stuck where you do not belong.
Donna Lynn Hope|There is the purity of love, harmonious in every way, but not meant for a lifetime, and then there is the steady love of commitment - no less real but completely different. She had both.
Lynn Good|The best of the best understand that people do business with people they like. People do business with people they trust, and people do business with those who make them feel special.
Jesse Ventura|Hypocrisy/hi pakrise/ noun1. The moment you tell someone it is not important to be right, in order to look right to everyone else.
Marisha Pessl, Night Film|Evil in general does not sleep, and therefore doesn't see why anyone else should.
Martin Luther King Jr.|We must come to see that peace is not merely a distant goal we seek, but it is a means by which we arrive at that goal. We must pursue peaceful ends through peaceful means.
Kellie Thacker|I have always kept a stack of library books next to my bed as a lifeline. If I ever woke in the middle of the night too scared to move or too sad to roll over, the books were my saviors.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Before we can change our condition, we have to change our thoughts.
David Llewellyn, Trace Memory|The coast is an edgy place. Living on the coast presents certain stark realities and a wild, rare beauty. Continent confronts ocean. Weather intensifies. It's a place of tide and tantrum; of flirtations among fresh- and saltwaters, forests and shores; of tense negotiations with an ocean that gives much but demands more. Every year the raw rim that is this coast gets hammered and reshaped like molten bronze. This place roils with power and a sometimes terrible beauty. The coast remains youthful, daring, uncertain about tomorrow. The guessing, the risk; in a way, we're all thrill seekers here.
Goals Rider|He could see her planting violets on his grave, a solitary figure in a grey cloak. What a ghastly tragedy. A lump came to his throat. He became quite emotional thinking of his own death. He would have to write a poem about this. --from a Difference in Temperament
Moshe Dayan|If you want to make peace, you don’t talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies.
Dave Morris|Peace is not a state - it is a choice, and you have to remake it every day. It's possible to get a sort of stability, a habit of peace, but it's like an egg balanced, spinning, on its point: lose your momentum, and your equilibrium is gone, too.
Billy Marshall Stoneking|A story is a garden you carry in your pocket. The stories we tell ourselves and each other are for pleasure and refuge. Like gardens they are small places in a large world. But, Jinhua, we must never mistake the stories we tell for truth.
Christina Lauren, Dirty Rowdy Thing|As beliefs, energies, and acceptance can change, so can choices. Don’t feel that because you have made a choice, it has to last forever. If it is time to change a choice, change it!
Linus Torvalds|Jim Bakker came along. He said, Jessica Hahn, listen. You're a virgin. As God as my witness. He said, We need a girl that we can trust.
Andre Malraux|For peace is not mere absence of war, but is a virtue that springs from, a state of mind, a disposition for benevolence, confidence, justice.
Mango Wodzak, The Eden Fruitarian Guidebook|When the dust settles, you will have known that it was always about ageing well, not just about how fit and strong you were when young... Step back, have a look and never lose sight of the bigger picture!
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|The lifetime of a human being is measured by decades, the lifetime of the Sun is a hundred million times longer. Compared to a star, we are like mayflies, fleeting ephemeral creatures who live out their lives in the course of a single day.
Alan Moore, Promethea, Vol. 5|Consciousness, unprovable by scientific standards, is forever, then, the impossible phantom in the predictable biologic machine, and your every thought a genuine supernatural event. Your every thought is a ghost, dancing.
Bruce Feirstein|In all, I was in 16 movies, including 'The Bishop's Wife' with Cary Grant, Loretta Young and David Niven; I was in 'Rio Grande' with John Wayne, 'Albuquerque' with Randall Scott, 'Blue Skies' with Bing Crosby and 'Hans Christian Anderson' with Danny Kaye.
Cristin Harber, Savage Secrets|You’re going to let her wander into someone else’s arms? There’s another man who could protect her better than you? Well, if that’s true—
Shashi Tharoor|Sometimes a rut can be a comfortable place to be, but ours was full of too many differences and resentments to be wholly comfortable. I had always had my own way in the marriage — about what we’d do, where we’d do it, when, how. Katharine had always argued, and always given in. In the process she’d become more resentful, I guess, except that I was too busy with my own work to notice. But in turn she was less and less appealing to me. She’s a couple of years older than me, I guess you know that, but that wasn’t all. Those stolid American middle-class values, her sensible clothes, her sense of responsibility, her moderation in all things — frankly, they bored me. We made love less and less, and she didn’t even seem to miss it. I did.
Munia Khan|When reality hurts, make sure to soar above the dream-stained sky!
John Polkinghorne|As a consequence, scientists who are carefully reflectiveabout their activity do not instinctively ask the question ‘Is itreasonable?’ as if they were confident beforehand what shaperationality had to take. We have noted how ‘unreasonable’, inclassical Newtonian terms, the nature of light turned out tobe. Instead, for the scientist the proper phrasing of the truth-seeking question takes the form, ‘What makes you think thatmight be the case?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The one who made the Ford knew how to make it run. God made you and me, and He alone knows how to run your life and mine. We could make a complete wreck of our lives without Christ.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|Perhaps she would not have thought of wickedness as a state so rare, so abnormal, so exotic, one which it was so refreshing to visit, had she been able to distinguish in herself, as in all her fellow-men and women, that indifference to the sufferings which they cause which, whatever names else be given it, is the one true, terrible and lasting form of cruelty.
Oprah Winfrey|The best description of the Old Testament that I heard was that it starts out as mythology, then it becomes legend, then it becomes history. In the mythological period - there is a distinct mythological period in the Old Testament, where the time spans are impossible and really just imagined.
Rebecca Goldstein, 36 Arguments for the Existence of God: A Work of Fiction|The world was so beautiful, and there was so much of it: he could gaze forever at the wonder of leaves and not see them all: could inhale the wind and not smell all its scents, hear the sounds of men and horses and not hear all the sounds of the woods, and taste the thousand flavors in stale water and still find it wonderful... because it was not the darkness.
Takehiko Inoue|All those clean, fresh starts had made me forget what it was like, until now, to be messy and honest and out of control. To be real.
Gabrielle Zevin, Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac|He looked like every glossy frat boy in every nerd movie ever made, like every popular town boy who’d ever looked right through her in high school, like every rotten rich kid who’d ever belonged where she hadn’t.My mama warned me about guys like you.He turned to her as if he’d heard her and took off his sunglasses, and she went down the steps to meet him, wiping her sweaty palms on her dust-smeared khaki shorts. “Hi, I’m Sophie Dempsey,” she said, flashing the Dempsey gotta-love-me grin as she held out her hot, grimy hand, and after a moment he took it.His hand was clean and cool and dry, and her heart pounded harder as she looked into his remote, gray eyes.“Hello, Sophie Dempsey,” her worst nightmare said. “Welcome to Temptation.
Patti Stanger|I only know it takes weeks to recover, as if one had been in a car accident.
E.M. Forster|An acquaintance had become a lover, might become a husband, but would retain all that she had noted in the acquaintance; and love must confirm an old relation rather than reveal a new one.
Martin Heidegger|Thus with the question of the Being of truth and the necessity of presupposing it, just as with the question of the essence of knowledge, an 'ideal subject' has generally been posited. The motive for this, whether explicit or tacit, lies in the requirement that philosophy should have the '*a priori*' as its theme, rather than 'empirical facts' as such. There is some justification for this requirement, though it still needs to be grounded ontologically. Yet is this requirement satisfied by positing an 'ideal subject'? Is not such a subject *a fanciful idealization*? With such a conception have we not missed precisely the *a priori* character of that merely 'factual' subject, Dasein? Is it not an attribute of the *a priori* character of the factical subject (that is, an attribute of Dasein's facticity) that it is in the truth and in untruth equiprimordially?The ideas of a 'pure "I"' and of a 'consciousness in general' are so far from including the *a priori* character of 'actual' subjectivity that the ontological characters of Dasein's facticity and its state of being are either passed over or not seen at all. Rejection of a 'consciousness in general' does not signify that the *a priori* is negated, any more than the positing of an idealized subject guarantees that Dasein has an *a priori* character grounded upon fact.Both the contention that there are 'eternal truths' and the jumbling together of Dasein's phenomenally grounded 'ideality' with an idealized absolute subject, belong to those residues of Christian theology within philosophical problematics which have not as yet been radically extruded.The Being of truth is connected primordially with Dasein. And only because Dasein is as constituted by disclosedness (that is, by understanding), can anything like Being be understood; only so is it possible to understand Being."―from_Being and Time_. Translated by John Macquarrie & Edward Robinson, p. 272
Barney Stinson|You know what Marshall needs to do. He needs to stop being sad. When I get sad, I stop being sad, and be awesome instead. True story.
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger|Nothing exists; all is a dream. God—man—the world—the sun, the moon, the wilderness of stars—a dream, all a dream; they have no existence. Nothing exists save empty space—and you!
Louise Nevelson|It is the poet and philosopher who provide the community of objectives in which the artist participates. Their chief preoccupation, like the artist, is the expression in concrete form of their notions of reality. Like him, they deal with the verities of time and space, life and death, and the heights of exaltation as well as the depths of despair. The preoccupation with these eternal problems creates a common ground which transcends the disparity in the means used to achieve them.
Stefano Benni, Margherita Dolce Vita|If you meet an angel, you will have not peace, but a fever.
David Wong, John Dies at the End|My mind didn't clear. It had been clear before. Instead it muddled, suddenly ablaze with rioting factions of insecurities and dreams, a cacophonous battleground of conflicting moral codes and dogma. I was, therefore, back to normal.
H. Rider Haggard, Ayesha: The Return of She|It's while it's being lived that life is immortal, while it's still alive. Immortality is not a matter of more or less time, its not really a question of immortality but of something else that remains unknown. It's as untrue to say it's without beginning or end as to say it begins and ends with the life of the spirit, since it partakes both of the spirit and of the pursuit of the void.
Debasish Mridha|As you think, so you are.
Louise Erdrich, The Painted Drum|For me, this is old. I probably know what is happening better than he does because I've tried over and over to wreck myself on another human, and always failed. I fail now. For it seems that my sorrow is deep in my bones and I'd have to break every single one to let it out.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Any time we find ourselves relying on the ideas of an absolute, frozen state of right and wrong—or fairness versus unfairness—that we are used to, we can compare the habit to distraction during meditation.
Brett Hoebel|Physical fitness is not only one of the most important keys to a healthy body, it is the basis of dynamic and creative intellectual activity.
Avina Celeste|A life lived every day doing only what needs to be done may seem convenient but your heart and soul don't live for convenience they live for exploration, imagination and the pursuit of dreams. Do what must be done but also do what your heart and soul want done.
Marguerite Porete|Theologians and other clerks, You won't understand this book, -- However bright your wits -- If you do not meet it humbly, And in this way, Love and Faith Make you surmount Reason, for They are the protectors of Reason's house. 
Doris Lessing, Old Age of El Magnifico|What a luxury a cat is, the moments of shocking and startling pleasure in a day, the feel of the beast, the soft sleekness under your palm, the warmth when you wake on a cold night, the grace and charm even in a quite ordinary workaday puss. Cat walks across your room, and in that lonely stalk you see leopard or even panther, or it turns its head to acknowledge you and the yellow blaze of those eyes tells you what an exotic visitor you have here, in this household friend, the cat who purrs as you stroke, or rub his chin, or scratch his head.
Lydia Maria Francis Child|Crooks stood up from his bunk and faced her. "I had enough," he said coldly. "You got no rights comin' in a colored man's room. You got no rights messing around in here at all. Now you jus' get out, an' get out quick. If you don't, I'm gonna ast the boss not to ever let you come in the barn no more."She turned on him in scorn. "Listen, Nigger," she said. "You know what I can do to you if you open your trap?"Crooks stared helplessly at her, and then he sat down on his bunk and drew into himself.She closed on him. "You know what I could do?"Crooks seemed to grow smaller, and he pressed himself against the wall. "Yes, ma'am.""Well, you keep your place then, Nigger. I could get you strung up on a tree so easy it ain't even funny."Crooks had reduced himself to nothing. There was no personality, no ego--nothing to arouse either like or dislike. He said, "Yes, ma'am," and his voice was toneless.For a moment she stood over him as though waiting for him to move so that she could whip at him again; but Crooks sat perfectly still, his eyes averted, everything that might be hurt drawn in. She turned at last to the other two.
Dada Bhagwan|What is called true happiness? It is 'chit prasannta' (blissful state of chit). The person who has attained 'chit prasannta', he need not beg for anything in this world!
ejump - 2017|We having so much fun together!! 'through nature..through people..through religion...through culture..through friendship...we manage to learn something that lead to a better relationship among humans on earth (Ejump,2017)
Martin M. Stupak|Make the best of the time you have left, live like there is no tomorrow.
Bob Dylan|[ELIZA]You and your words flooded my senses, your sentences left me defenseless. You built me palaces out of paragraphs, you built cathedrals.
Roy L. Pickering Jr., Patches Of Grey|A tightrope walker uncertain if he could make it to the other side probably would not. A race car driver wondering if he was taking a turn too fast was likely to lose control. If a man feared death, whether his own or the taking of another's, death would surely come calling.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Try as a meditation, to be with a stone, a flower or a tree, and you will find that they have consciousness. If you become friend with a tree, you will find that the tree will welcome you as a friend. The tree will be happy to see you.
Steven Magee|If you cannot peacefully coexist with many different cultures and beliefs, then you should probably not be living in the USA.
Jerry Seinfeld|In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first.
Tyler Oakley, Binge|When I was in my single digits, I was subjected to the worst torture you can possibly inflict on a child: Catholic mass.
John Cage, Silence: Lectures and Writings|What is the purpose of writing music? One is, of course, not dealing with purposes but dealing with sounds. Or the answer must take the form of a paradox: a purposeful purposeless or a purposeless play. This play, however, is an affirmation of life--not an attempt to bring order out of chaos nor to suggest improvements in creation, but simply a way of waking up to the very life we’re living, which is so excellent once one gets one’s mind and one’s desires out of its way and lets it act of its own accord.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|In the legal respect, after the execution of the supposed incendiaries, the other half of Moscow burned down.
Eliezer Yudkowsky|Your strength as a rationalist is your ability to be more confused by fiction than by reality. If you are equally good at explaining any outcome, you have zero knowledge.
Alaska Gold, Growing Light|If the boy who drawslets you look over his shoulder.If the poetsmilesand shows you her words.If the girl who sings for the shower only,hums a songin front of you.Know that you’re no longer a personbut the airand dustthat fills their lungs.When the world perishes,and all things cease to exist,you’ll remain inside an ink stain,a paint brush,a song.Poem N. 8
Imbolo Mbue, Behold the Dreamers|All under the pretense of military application.”He pouts. “No pretense about it. Remember, the Internet was a military application. And now look at how it’s changed our culture.
Angela Doll Carlson|It's only natural for people to fall, but there are people who, even if they fall, jump right back up right away and run forward, and there are people who just keep sitting there, crying.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|I thought about adults. I wondered if that was true: if they were all really children wrapped in adult bodies, like children’s books hidden in the middle of dull, long adult books, the kind with no pictures or conversations.
Anne Sullivan|The greatest gift is a passion for reading. It is cheap, it consoles, it distracts, it excites, it gives you knowledge of the world and experience of a wide kind. It is a moral illumination.
Ratish Edwards|A lot of bad things happen around me, some people think bad, some say bad, some do bad and some wish bad. And I am scared all the time not because of them but for the fact that some day I will one of them. Being good is tough but staying good is tougher.
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|Frustration, despair, angst, anxiety, hurt, grief, unhappiness, envy, jealousy, and all the other painful emotions are catalysts of change in our lives. They motivate us to do things differently, to change our status quo.
Seth Adam Smith, Rip Van Winkle and the Pumpkin Lantern|In the quiet of the graveyard, the couple knelt together in soul-stretching silence—wishing, waiting, hoping, praying.
Bindi Irwin|Every year, I give my dad an advance copy of my latest book. He reads it over the next several nights and says something incredibly supportive. Then he clears his throat nervously and changes the subject.
Nitika Sharma|How very different it would be to live somewhere where people weren't afraid to reveal themselves, where emotion was prized instead of hidden.
Jack Kerouac, Windblown World: The Journals of Jack Kerouac 1947-1954|I'm back in these regions of fumbling dark uncertain creation, but it's my one and only world, and I'll do the best I can.
Allan Dare Pearce, Hitler Burns Detroit|Thy designs are a bottomless pit. How can I descend into this pit to examine it? Thou lookest thousands of years into the future and then Thou judgest. What today seems an injustice to man's minute brain becomes, thousands of years hence, the mother of man's salvation. If what today we term injustice did not exist, perhaps true justice would never come to mankind.
Paulo Coelho, The Zahir|It's not my story anymore: whenever I speak about the past now, I feel as if I were talking about something that has nothing to do with me. All that remains in the present are the voice, the presence, and the importance of fulfilling my mission. I don't regret difficulties I experienced; I think they helped me to become the person I am today, I feel the way a warrior must feel after years of training; he doesn't remember the details of everything he learned, but he knows how to strike when the time is right.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|And I put my hand on her arm to stop her rowing.Aaron’s Noise roars up in red and black.The current takes us on.“I’m sorry!” I cry as the river takes us away, my words ragged things torn from me, my chest pulled so tight I can’t barely breathe. “I’m sorry, Manch
Lilly Mance, Coma|It didn't matter he was brilliant and dedicated and good. He was a child. He was young.No he isn't, thought Ender. Small, yes. Bur Bean has been through a battle with a whole army depending on him and on the soldiers that he led. and he performed splendidly, and the won. There's no youth in that. No childhood.
Elizabeth I|I can not believe that war is the best solution. No one won the last war, and no one will win the next war.
Brie Larson|I love mythology and folklore, and I respect the time, money, and opportunity that a film gives to an audience. It's a chance to empathize, reflect, and learn, so I really want to understand before I sign onto a project: 'What's the potential of this thing? What are we seeing and learning? What are we empathizing to?'
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|Now when Túrin learnt from Finduilas of what had passed, he was wrathful, and he said to Gwindor: 'In love I hold you for your rescue and sake-keeping. But now you have done ill to me, friend, to betray my right name, and call my doom upon me, from which I would lie hid.'But Gwindor answered: 'The doom lies in yourself, not in your name.
Guy de Maupassant|A human being - what is a human being? Everything and nothing. Through the power of thought it can mirror everything it experiences. Through memory and knowledge it becomes a microcosm, carrying the world within itself. A mirror of things, a mirror of facts. Each human being becomes a little universe within the universe!
Josephine Humphreys, Dreams of Sleep|You can't drown yourself that simply. All good suicides involve speed and irreversibility, because the body will always move to protect itself against the sicko mind trying to do it in.
James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn|His strike force stood around him, craning their necks, in awe of the massive emptiness all around. He was almost sorry to pull his attention back to the small, vaguely intimate necessities of violence.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|More than anything, it is that sense - that despite great differences in wealth, we rise and fall together - that we can't afford to lose.
Norman Vincent Peale|If you work hard and you do your best, you can do anything.
Unarine Ramaru|Those who envy the success of others are normally ignorant to the sacrafices, failures, and dedication that it took for them to get there
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I'd rather strive for the kind of interview where instead of me asking to introduce myself to society, society asks me to introduce myself to society.
Søren Kierkegaard|Well, here I am, just come home; a fellow gone to the bad; though I had the best intentions in the world at one time. Now I am melancholy mad, what with drinking and one thing and another.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|How wicked it would be, if we could, to call the dead back! She said not to me but to the chaplain, 'I am at peace with God.' She smiled, but not at me. Poi si torno all' eterna fontana.
George Lucas|What we're looking at is God's design, nature's template, and using that as a pattern to cut around and lay it down on a domestic model to duplicate that pattern that we see in nature.
Jerry Seinfeld|Elaine: Ugh, I hate people.Jerry: Yeah, they're the worst. 
Prakhar Singh|Every mistake tried to teach but...I always tried to missAt the end i thought i was breaking myself...the mistakes were repeating without a helpfrom then i learn to learn from mistakes...whatsoever it takes,you will beat the bestwhen you dont repeat your mistakes...
Germany Kent|Speak with caution. Even if someone forgives harsh words you've spoken, they may be too hurt to ever forget them. Don't leave a legacy of pain and regret of things you never should have said.
Carolyn Weber, Surprised by Oxford|Ahhh, teaching literature. A noble calling! For we are all stories.
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|My mother believed in God's will for many years. It was af if she had turned on a celestial faucet and goodness kept pouring out. She said it was faith that kept all these good things coming our way, only I thought she said "fate" because she couldn't pronounce the "th" sound in "faith".  could have was hope, and with that I wasn't denying any possibility, good or bad. I was just saying, If there is a choice, dear God or whatever you are, here's where the odds should be placed.I remember the day I started thinking this, it was such a revelation to me. It was the day my mother lost her faith in God. She found that things of unquestioned certainty could never be trusted again. that had brought my parents to America. It had enabled them to have seven children and buy a house in Sunset district with very little money. It had given them the confidence to believe their luck would never run out, that God was on their side, that house gods had only benevolent things to report and our ancestors were pleased, that lifetime warranties meant our lucky streak would never break, that all the elements were now in balance, the right amount of wind and water.
Rosario Castellanos, A Rosario Castellanos Reader: An Anthology of Her Poetry, Short Fiction, Essays and Drama|Laughter separates us from despair, and gives us a chance at love.
Stonewall Jackson|The greatness of America lies not in being more enlightened than any other nation, but rather in her ability to repair her faults.
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|All you can ever achieve is a sense of your soul. You gain little glimpses of its light, colors, and contours. You feel the inspiration of its possibilities and the wonder of its mysteries.
Hans Jonas, The Phenomenon of Life: Toward a Philosophical Biology|That nature does not care, one way or the other, is the true abyss. That only man cares, in his finitude facing nothing but death, alone with his contingency and the objective meaninglessness of his projecting meanings, is a truly unprecedented situation... Will replaces vision; temporality of the act outsts the eternity of the "good-in-itself"As the product of the indifferent, his being, too, must be indifferent. Then the facing of his morality would simply warrant the reaction "let us eat and drink for tomorrow we die." There is no point in caring for what has no sanction behind it in any creative intention.
Jay Crownover, Jet|Cora,come on now. You can find a guy in, like, a second flat. Half the guys in the band have you on their laminated list."She rolled her expressive eyes at me. "I want something real, Jet. Something that is life changing and dramatic, something that makes me forget anyone else ever existed. I just can't see that happening and it makes me sad.""I think you're maybe reaching for something that doesn't exist.
Paul Bamikole|To learn, read; to understand, participate.
Michel Faber, The Book of Strange New Things|I missed you." I didn't mean to tell him so, even if it was true. Admitting need felt like weakness; it demonstrated dependence and vulnerability.
Nicolette Milnes Walker|If you put a smile on someones face, it was a good day.
Criss Jami, Venus in Arms|To say that one waits a lifetime for his soulmate to come around is a paradox. People eventually get sick of waiting, take a chance on someone, and by the art of commitment become soulmates, which takes a lifetime to perfect.
Carey Heywood, Him|I learned that if you love a boy you are o longer free. The boy may become more important than your own self and if it is so, you will find trouble there. The first time you are hurt in your heart, you do not forget the lesson. It stays forever.
Wallace Stegner, All the Little Live Things|To have so little, and it of so little value, was to be quaintly free.
R.G.D. Laffan|Yet it is also a tonic and an antidote to dullness to be with the Serbs. They possess the irresponsible gaiety that we traditionally connect with the Irish, with whom they have often been compared. Other less convenient sides of the Irish character are also typical in the Serbs, such as a cheerful contempt for punctuality in daily life and a ready willingness, arising clearly from politeness and good nature, to make promises that are not always fulfilled. But perhaps the most pronounced of these similarities is to be found in the songs of Serbia and Ireland. With both peoples the historic songs about the past are songs of sorrow, or noble struggles against overwhelming odds, of failure redeemed by unconquerable resolve. There is nothing strange in this combination of laughing gaiety and profound melancholy. It is often only those who are truly capable of the one emotion who also have the faculty for the other.
L'Wren Scott|The Marines are like my West Highland Terrier. They get up every morning, they want to dig a hole, and they want to kill something.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|It is not inertia alone that is responsible for human relationships repeating themselves from case to case, indescribably monotonous and unrenewed: it is shyness before any sort of new, unforeseeable experience with which one does not think oneself able to cope. But only someone who is ready for everything, who excludes nothing, not even the most enigmatical will live the relation to another as something alive.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Down through the ages man’s heart has remained unchanged. Whatever the color of his skin, whatever his cultural or ethnic background, he needs the Gospel of Christ.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|He desperately wants you to know Him. So many people believe in God, but they don't really know Him. And because they don't really know Him, they are lukewarm. The truth is, if you truly knew Him, you couldn't be lukewarm or halfhearted. If you remain lukewarm, maybe it's because you don't know who God really is.
Jane Green, Summer Secrets|We need imperfection in our relationships, else we would die from the thickness of intimacy.
Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence - From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror|...repeated trauma in childhood forms and deforms the personality. The child trapped in an abusive environment is faced with formidable tasks of adaptation. She must find a way to preserve a sense of trust in people who are untrustworthy, safety in a situation that is unsafe, control in a situation that is terrifyingly unpredictable, power in a situation of helplessness. Unable to care for or protect herself, she must compensate for the failures of adult care and protection with the only means at her disposal, an immature system of psychological defenses.
Ashish Jaiswal, True Dummy - a fable of existence|Distraught with the comprehension of his demise, a shovel stood dormant, in the ditch of her own digging. Now sheltered from the glare of greed and ambition, were the distasteful thoughts sprinkled in fool’s gold.
Kate Millett, Sita|Hell, I don't want to grow old at all. I never want to die.
Jean Plaidy, The Courts of Love|You might well ask just what the hell he was thinking. The answer is, probably nothing at all.He'd probably say he was exercising his God-given right to stupidity.
Farshad Asl|I don't dream my dreams, I live my dreams ... I AM AN ENTREPRENEUR.
Mary Oliver, Wild Geese|You must not ever stop being whimsical. And you must not, ever, give anyone else the responsibility for your life.
Marshall McLuhan, Understanding Media: The Extensions of Man|To build a church when a school house is needed is to perpetrate a theft upon education.To build a church when a hospital is needed is to take from the parched lips of the sick the cup of relief and from the suffering the merciful hand of help.When the object of man's conduct will be to improve the conditions of his fellow man and not the appeasement of a mythical God, he will become more understanding and more indulgent of the frailties, mistakes, and action of others, and by the same token he will become more appreciative of their efforts.He will develop a greater consciousness to avoid mistakes and to prevent injury. Life and its living will take on a greater significance, and our efforts and energies will be devoted to creating as much joy and happiness as possible for all living creatures.
Toni Morrison, The Nobel Lecture In Literature, 1993|Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life.Almost everything--all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure--these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important. Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart. No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet, death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it, and that is how it should be, because death is very likely the single best invention of life. It's life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new.
Yukito Kishiro, Aqua Knight, Vol. 3|Science, in all its greatness, is still subject to human creativity. It starts the first moment a child tries to reach up and grab at the clouds. Soon, the child learns that his own hands cannot reach the sky, but his hands are not the limit of his potential. For the human brain observes, considers, understands, and adapts. Locked within the mind is infinite possibility.
Carter G. Woodson|Don't envy what people have, emulate what they did to have it.
Orhan Pamuk, Snow|In thinking about miracles, I believe that our frame of reference has been too dramatic. We have been looking for the burning bush, the parting of the sea, the bellowing voice from heaven. Instead we should be looking at the ordinary day-to-day events in our lives for evidence of the miraculous, maintaining at the same time a scientific orientation.
William H. Gass, The Recognitions|I am bundled in the warmth of the price and the purchase, and its solid completion, as in royal robes-- marvelous these royal robes!These robes are authority that can decree that trouble, sin of my heart,and the deceptive obstruction of willand reasoning be sent to banishment.
Kate Bornstein, Hello Cruel World: 101 Alternatives to Suicide for Teens, Freaks, and Other Outlaws|Some people unfold into a thousand wordsand others never speak to me at all,never take the blame at all,never look at me at all – I wonder whyhe never looks at me at all (perhapshe cannot bear to meet my eyes).
Charlie Trotter|In formal logic, a contradiction is the signal of defeat, but in the evolution of real knowledge it marks the first step in progress toward a victory.
Tony Dovale|Impossible is a perception based upon a limiting mental illusion. Possible is the belief in the potential of unseen possibility,
Jean Rhys, Wide Sargasso Sea|Is it true,’ she said, ‘that England is like a dream? Because one of my friends who married an Englishman wrote and told me so. She said this place London is like a cold dark dream sometimes. I want to wake up.’‘Well’, I answered annoyed, ‘that is precisely how your beautiful island seems to me, quite unreal and like a dream.’‘But how can rivers and mountains and the sea be unreal?’‘And how can millions of people, their houses and their streets be unreal?’‘More easily,’ she said, ‘much more easily. Yes a big city must be like a dream.
Jawaharlal Nehru|It is science alone that can solve the problems of hunger and poverty, of insanitation and illiteracy, of superstition and deadening custom and tradition, of vast resources running to waste, or a rich country inhabited by starving people... Who indeed could afford to ignore science today? At every turn we have to seek its aid... The future belongs to science and those who make friends with science.
Charles Dickens|You cannot spend money in luxury without doing good to the poor. Nay, you do more good to them by spending it in luxury, than by giving it; for by spending it in luxury, you make them exert industry, whereas by giving it, you keep them idle.
Julie Ann Dawson, A Game of Blood|This was to be my last trip. Sailing great distances was dangerous, and not very profitable in today's world. I walked down the worn wooden step to the captain's cabin, the creaking of the ship keeping time with my steps. Opening the door I found him bent over an old map."Where are we captain?" I asked, hoping it was close to home."See this spot, where it says "Here there be monsters"?" he said pointing to an image of a horrid beast."Certainly, but you and I both know such creatures don't exist!!"The captain laughed, and looking up at me with an evil glint in his eye said, "Who's talking about sea monsters?". As he spoke the skin from one corner of his mouth fell loose, exposing a yellow reptilian skin beneath."What?" I yelled, and as I turned to run for the cabin door I heard screams and loud moans coming from the deck, and the crew quarters below.I felt fetid breath on the back of my neck, "Aye matey, here there be monsters
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|The king! I thought he was philosopher enough to allow that there was no murder in politics. In politics, my dear fellow, you know, as well as I do, there are no men, but ideas - no feelings, but interests; in politics we do not kill a man, we only remove an obstacle, that is all.
Eleanor Brownn|If you can continue to smile through hardship and pain, then your moment will come…just be patient.
Terry Pratchett|BUT MOST PEOPLE ARE RATHER STUPID AND WASTE THEIR LIVES. HAVE YOU NOT SEEN THAT? HAVE YOU NOT LOOKED DOWN FROM THE HORSE AT A CITY AND THOUGHT HOW MUCH IT RESEMBLED AN ANT HEAP, FULL OF BLIND CREATURES WHO THINK THEIR MUNDANE LITTLE WORLD WAS REAL? YOU SEE THE LIGHTED WINDOWS AND WHAT YOU WANT TO THINK IS THAT THERE MAY BE MANY INTERESTING STORIES BEHIND THEM, BUT WHAT YOU KNOW IS THAT REALLY THERE ARE JUST DULL, DULL SOULS, MERE CONSUMERS OF FOOD, WHO THINK THEIR INSTINCTS ARE EMOTIONS AND THEIR TINY LITTLE LIVES OF MORE ACCOUNT THAN A WHISPER OF WIND.The blue glow was bottmless. It seemed to be sucking her own thoughts out of her mind.'No,' whispered Susan, 'no, I've never thought like that.'Death stood up abruptly and turned away. YOU MAY FIND OUT THAT IT HELPS, he said.
Søren Kierkegaard|Sitting calmly on a ship in fair weather is not a metaphor for having faith; but when the ship has sprung a leak, then enthusiastically to keep the ship afloat by pumping and not to seek the harbor--that is the metaphor for having faith. (Concluding Unscientific Postscript)
Robert L. Millet, Men of Valor: The Powerful Impact of a Righteous Man|Try not to take it personally if the mother criticizes you or tells you to stop doing something that you expected to be helpful. Just say, “Sorry,” and stop doing it. Don’t try to explain why you did it or express frustration with her. She is really saying that labor is so difficult right now that nothing helps. You are the safest person for her to lash out at. Later, she will probably apologize.
Amanda  Turner|We want to fight.”“And I want J.K. Rowling to keep writing in the Potterverse, but I know that’s never going to happen,” I said blithely.
Vincent D'Onofrio|Being a teen idol or being a heartthrob on all the magazines, with Shaun Cassidy, Leif Garrett, and Scott Baio - it was embarrassing! I never understood it. I mean, why me? I never really got it.
