Rand Olson, Children of Promise: The Ultimate Guide to Raising Healthy Kids|To enjoy true, vibrant health, increased awareness, effort, and focus are required.
Eden Hazard|Advice from my experience, for me, I've never taken no as an answer, I don't believe in that. If I want something, I'm going to get it. When people tell me that I can't do something, it just motivates me more. For me, it makes me smile, because I just want to prove everybody wrong.
Peter Jackson|Despite the rigid classicism of the famous Paris Opera school and company, the French have done more than their share to unmoor la Danse from its traditions and standards.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|What a paradox it is, the sane causes more problems than the insane! It is! The real problems of the world do not come from the insane but, the sane!
Charles Dickens|Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts.
Daisy Goodwin, The American Heiress|To gain self-respect, you need to put yourself first.
Magnus Nwagu Amudi|Underachieving people, use little chitchats had with successful people as gate passes to obtain entrance into places their reputation cannot get them.
Bes|With no doubt Al Hussain was one of the greatest rebels, for correcting the path of rulers who deviated from the right path. He, by his stance honorably acquired martyrdom martyrdom that free people wish to acquire.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|On a recent business trip, I reunited with a friend I had not seen in twenty years. After having a lovely lunch meeting, we came out of the restaurant to walk towards the parking lot. He automatically moved me to the inside of the sidewalk as he walked along the curbside. His orientational awareness illustrated a chivalrous gesture of protection and respect which impressed me greatly.
Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children|If we have a chance coming to the Top and no have luck For stay there, the way down can be very Scary for the change in our Life style.
Robert M. Pirsig|His early failure had released him from any felt obligation to think along institutional lines and his thoughts were already independent to a degree few people are familiar with. He felt that institutions such as schools, churches, governments and political organizations of every sort all tended to direct thought for ends other than truth, for the perpetuation of their own functions, and for the control of individuals in the service of these functions. He came to see his early failure as a lucky break, an accidental escape from a trap that had been set for him, and he was very trap-wary about institutional truths for the remainder of his time.
Nicholas Kaufmann, Die and Stay Dead|Honest to God, I hadn’t meant to start a bar fight.“So. You’re the famous Jordan Amador.” The demon sitting in front of me looked like someone filled a pig bladder with rotten cottage cheese. He overflowed the bar stool with his gelatinous stomach, just barely contained by a white dress shirt and an oversized leather jacket. Acid-washed jeans clung to his stumpy legs and his boots were at least twice the size of mine. His beady black eyes started at my ankles and dragged upward, past my dark jeans, across my black turtleneck sweater, and over the grey duster around me that was two sizes too big. He finally met my gaze and snorted before continuing. “I was expecting something different. Certainly not a black girl. What’s with the name, girlie?”I shrugged. “My mother was a religious woman.”“Clearly,” the demon said, tucking a fat cigar in one corner of his mouth. He stood up and walked over to the pool table beside him where he and five of his lackeys had gathered. Each of them was over six feet tall and were all muscle where he was all fat. “I could start to examine the literary significance of your name, or I could ask what the hell you’re doing in my bar,” he said after knocking one of the balls into the left corner pocket. “Just here to ask a question, that’s all. I don’t want trouble.”Again, he snorted, but this time smoke shot from his nostrils, which made him look like an albino dragon. “My ass you don’t. This place is for fallen angels only, sweetheart. And we know your reputation.”I held up my hands in supplication. “Honest Abe. Just one question and I’m out of your hair forever.”My gaze lifted to the bald spot at the top of his head surrounded by peroxide blonde locks. “What’s left of it, anyway.”He glared at me. I smiled, batting my eyelashes. He tapped his fingers against the pool cue and then shrugged one shoulder.“Fine. What’s your question?”“Know anybody by the name of Matthias Gruber?”He didn’t even blink. “No.”“Ah. I see. Sorry to have wasted your time.”I turned around, walking back through the bar. I kept a quick, confident stride as I went, ignoring the whispers of the fallen angels in my wake. A couple called out to me, asking if I’d let them have a taste, but I didn’t spare them a glance. Instead, I headed to the ladies’ room. Thankfully, it was empty, so I whipped out my phone and dialed the first number in my Recent Call list.“Hey. He’s here. Yeah, I’m sure it’s him. They’re lousy liars when they’re drunk. Uh-huh. Okay, see you in five.”I hung up and let out a slow breath. Only a couple things left to do. I gathered my shoulder-length black hair into a high ponytail. I looped the loose curls around into a messy bun and made sure they wouldn’t tumble free if I shook my head too hard. I took the leather gloves in the pocket of my duster out and pulled them on. Then, I walked out of the bathroom and back to the front entrance.The coat-check girl gave me a second unfriendly look as I returned with my ticket stub to retrieve my things—three vials of holy water, a black rosary with the beads made of onyx and the cross made of wood, a Smith & Wesson .9mm Glock complete with a full magazine of blessed bullets and a silencer, and a worn out page of the Bible. I held out my hands for the items and she dropped them on the counter with an unapologetic, “Oops.”“Thanks,” I said with a roll of my eyes. I put the Glock back in the hip holster at my side and tucked the rest of the items in the pockets of my duster. The brunette demon crossed her arms under her hilariously oversized fake breasts and sent me a vicious sneer. “The door is that way, Seer. Don’t let it hit you on the way out.”I smiled back. “God bless you.”She let out an ugly hiss between her pearly white teeth. I blew her a kiss and walked out the door. The parking lot was packed outside now that it was half-past midnight. Demons thrived in darkness, so I wasn’t surprised. In fact, I’d been counting on it.
Samer Chidiac|In the days when I was ambitious I worked out a very pretty little plan for conquering the whole earth and rearranging things as they ought to be; and when, in the end, everything became so good it almost began to be boring, then I was going to stuff my pockets with as much money as I could lay hands on and creep away, vanish in some cosmopolis and sit at a corner cafe and drink absinthe and enjoy seeing how everything went to the devil as soon as I wasn't on the scene any more.
Loren Eiseley|At the moment of vision, the eyes see nothing.
Auliq Ice|Fear mediocrity,not failure.
Washington Irving, The Legend of Sleepy Hollow|...ducks and geese are foolish things, and must be looked after, but girls can take care of themselves.
Ashly Lorenzana|My sadness is beautiful. It infuses everything I do. It is at the core of my identity and always has been, just as happiness is in some people. I refuse to be told that it's a flaw. I will not mute it with medications for the sake of society. I will hold it close to me and celebrate it rightfully while the rest of the world fails to see it for what it is and it will be their loss.
Tamara  Allen|Juliet and Romeo die at the end,' I said.'Do they really, though?' Monroe asked. 'I didn’t know that that matters, when they sure did live. It’s as simple as this, their secret. When you love somebody, you live, and you live goddamn well.
Will Chancellor, A Brave Man Seven Storeys Tall|Moment by moment, in life's winter, life frozeEchoing a history of blues, a milestone roseFrom A Farewell A welcome
Mindi Scott, Freefall|it's a losing battle at this point,but so was the alamo
Mildred D. Taylor|White ain't nothing.'Mama's grip did not lessen. 'It is something, Cassie. White is something just like black is something. Everybody born on this Earth is something, and nobody, no matter what color is better than anybody else.''Then how come Mr. Simms don't know that.''Because he's one of those people who has to believe that white people are better than black people to make himself feel big.' I stared questionably at Mama, not really understanding.Mama squeezed my hadn't and explained further, 'You see, Cassie, many years ago, when our people were fist brought from Africa in chains to work as slaves in this country--''Like Big Ma's Papa and Mama?'Mama nodded. "Yes, baby. Like Papa Luke and Mama Rachael. Except they were born right here is Mississippi, but their grandparents were born in Africa. And when they came, there was some white people who thought that is was wrong for any people to be slaves. So the people who needed slaves to work in their fields and the people who were making money bringing slaves from Africa preached that black people weren't really people like white people were, so slavery was all right. They also said that slavery was good for us because it thought us to be good Christians, like the white people.' She sighed deeply, her voice fading into a distant whisper, 'But they didn't teach us Christianity to save our souls, but to teach us obedience. They were afraid of slave revolts and they wanted us to learn the Bible's teachings about slaves being loyal to their masters. But even teaching Christianity didn't make us stop wanting to be free and many slaves ran away.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|How I adored to draw as a child, a teen; all my life before I began to try and shape a career out of it.
David Eddings, King of the Murgos|The whole world is beautiful, Belgarion' Eriond assured him in response to that unspoken thought. 'You just have to know how to look at it
Allison Moon, Girl Sex 101|Thomas felt his spirits lift, but immediately squashed them back down. Getting his hopes up was something he’d sworn never to do again. Not until all this was over.
Richard Castle|Anything is possible.""You really believe that?""It's what the great love stories are about, right?Beating the odds.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|If we ask a random orthodox religious person, what is the best religion, he or she would proudly claim his or her own religion to be the best. A Christian would say Christianity is the best, a Muslim would say Islam is the best, a Jewish would say Judaism is the best and a Hindu would say Hinduism is the best. It takes a lot of mental exercise to get rid of such biases.
Caitlín R. Kiernan, The Drowning Girl|Facing different options, you must always choose the one that makes you most uncomfortable, the one that creates a tingling feeling of excitement inside your body.
Suilan Lee, Kiss Me to Spring Time|Happiness got me two ungrateful sons, a husband who hates me, and a painful reality living as the shunned wife. If you think this happiness you’re clinging to will last, think again.
Voltaire, Micromegas|So I think that a protest,' she went on, 'like a work of dance or a work of music, is something done, at least in part, by the protestor for the protestor.'She saw I was about to interrupt so said, 'One more minute. Let me explain. Of course one hopes and plans for impact, for audience, for change, for efficacy. But, like dance, like music, a protest can be a religious ritual too, one that needn't be derisively looked down upon as magical thinking, but a spiritual act where the act itself is the goal. And that act may on some level be co-opted, but in the subjective world of the protestor it is a way, in itself, to be. Even in solipsism, the subject can be moral. You can call it hokum if you wish, but for the protestor, the protest makes a moral world in which she can abide.
Anthony Lo|Every time you feel great anger, stop and write down who or what caused your feelings and why you reacted so angrily. The goal is to get to the root of the anger. Only when you understand the source can you find a solution.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some social ills are preserved by the common misbelief that things such as ignorance, greed, and stupidity do not have the stamina required to reach old age.
Alfa H|I scream out the ropes of words that bound my tongue, and the heavens echo back...'I love you'.
Thomas Goodwin, What Happens When I Pray|All that God is, will supply your need.
Shannon L. Alder|If I could be anything in this world I would be rare. So rare that the people I loved never forgot me or ever found anything to compare me to. I was never a type, but the only type--the person you couldn't throw away because you would never be able to describe the mystery of something that didn't fit this world.
Aberjhani, The Wisdom of W.E.B. Du Bois|Other personalities are created to handle new traumas, their existence usually occurring one at a time. Each has a singular purpose and is totally focused on that task. The important aspect of the mind's extreme dissociation is that each ego state is totally without knowledge of the other. Because of this, the researchers for the CIA and the Department of Defense believed they could take a personality, train him or her to be a killer and no other ego stares would be aware of the violence that was taking place. The personality running the body would be genuinely unaware of the deaths another personality was causing. Even torture could not expose the with, because the personality experiencing the torture would have no awareness of the information being sought. Earlier, such knowledge was gained from therapists working with adults who had multiple personalities. The earliest pioneers in the field, such as Dr. Ralph Alison, a psychiatrist then living in Santa Cruz, California, were helping victims of severe early childhood trauma. Because there were no protocols for treatment, the pioneers made careful notes, publishing their discoveries so other therapists would understand how to help these rare cases. By 1965, the information was fairly extensive, including the knowledge that only unusually intelligent children become multiple personalities and that sexual trauma endured by a restrained child under the age of seven is the most common way to induce hysteric dissociation.
Marya Hornbacher, Waiting: A Nonbeliever's Higher Power|When nothing else worked, we created a holistic, hand-tailored program that saved Pax's life. At Passages, he and I use what we learned in curing him to help others discover the roots of their addiction or alcoholism and break free.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|There is something infantile in the presumption that somebody else (parents in the case of children, God in the case of adults) has a responsibility to give your life meaning and point. . . . The truly adult view, by contrast, is that our life is as meaningful, as full and as wonderful as we choose to make it. And we can make it very wonderful indeed.
Alan McGlashan, The Savage & Beautiful Country|When you see that earthly powers are not listening to you, that you are under siege in this city for four years and shot at without the international community doing anything to help, what should you do? Die?’ he asked me in the course of our conversation. ‘No, you pray to Heaven for help.
Alison Smith|Losing your faith in a world where God is all around you is a precarious business. When God shows his face on a daily basis to your friends and neighbors, it is, on some level, impossible to stop believing in Him. Instead i felt that God chose to exclude me from His world. Since i was the only one to lose faith, to stop hearing Christ's voice, i thought perhaps it was my fault that Roy had left us. I thought i was being punished for some unknown sin. I had learned early in my Catholic career that one could sin silently in one's heart. One could even sin without ever discovering what one had done or why it was wrong. What had i done, i asked myself, to make God disappear and take Roy with Him.
Ridley Scott|It's amazing, coconut oil. I use it as a moisturizer. I put it in my hair when I want a kind of greasy look. I take off my makeup with it. I put a little bit in my coffee. I have coconut oil with everything.
Deyth Banger|To be invisible you shouldn't exist, first of all you should make everything that you are dead... second you are invisible. If you are dead it's not possible the thought to exist!
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|and so when I couldn't stand it no longer, I lit out. I got into my old rags and my sugar-hogshead again, and was free and satisfied.
C. JoyBell C.|Personal enlightenment within an individual is a beautiful and often shocking process. We are shocked when we see the shadows for the first time and realise these things are in us! But it is only when there is light that there can be shadows and when we see our own shadows, this is evidence of the light! Rejoice in the discovery of your own shortcomings! They are the evidences of the shining sun! And as you turn towards the sun, the shadows will be behind you.
Shelley Noble, Beach Colors|It seemed as if the longer she lived, the more was taken from her. Not gradually, as old age fell into the inevitable, but lobbed off in great chunks, the healthy branches sacrificed along with the frail.
Azar Nafisi, Things I've Been Silent About: Memories|He had learned some of the things that every man must find out for himself, and he had found out about them as one has to find out--through error and through trial, through fantasy and illusion, through falsehood and his own damn foolishness, through being mistaken and wrong and an idiot and egotistical and aspiring and hopeful and believing and confused. Each thing he learned was so simple and obvious, once he grasped it, that he wondered why he had not always known it. And what had he learned? A philosopher would not think it much, perhaps, and yet in a simple human way it was a good deal. Just by living, my making the thousand little daily choices that his whole complex of heredity, environment, and conscious thought, and deep emotion had driven him to make, and by taking the consequences, he had learned that he could not eat his cake and have it, too. He had learned that in spite of his strange body, so much off scale that it had often made him think himself a creature set apart, he was still the son and brother of all men living. He had learned that he could not devour the earth, that he must know and accept his limitations. He realized that much of his torment of the years past had been self-inflicted, and an inevitable part of growing up. And, most important of all for one who had taken so long to grow up, he thought he had learned not to be the slave of his emotions.
Lia Davis, A Mating Dance|In the next instance Graham claimed her lips in a demanding, yet gentle kiss
Junot Díaz|In my view, a writer is a writer because even when there is no hope, even when nothing you do shows any sign of promise, you keep writing anyway.
Scott Derrickson|It's probably foolish to expect relationships to go on forever and to say that because something only lasts 10 years, it's a failure.
Lene Fogelberg, Beautiful Affliction|The two had very little figured out. They were trying though. They fell in love. They looked for God. They loved constructing miracles out of the mundane. Above all things, they cheered for each other. And they made each other stronger. And that meant everything.
Nicole  Williams, Crash|Everyone was going crazy, like they’d just witnessed the birth of Jesus and the invention of electricity at the same time. Jude was a rock star, their savior, and they were paying him homage.
Louise Penny, Still Life|Bang. You’re dead.’Gamache swung around, but had recognised the voice an instant after he’d begun to turn.‘You’re a sneak, Jean Guy. I’m going to have to put a cow bell on you.’‘Not again.’ It wasn’t often he could get the drop on the chief. But Beauvoir had begun to worry. Suppose he snuck up on Gamache sometime and he had a heart attack? It would certainly take the fun out of it.
Robert Zubrin|I'm always fighting the cup-is-half-empty way of being, versus the cup-is-half-full. I'm always fighting the pessimistic versus the positive.
George Orwell, Animal Farm|All his life he tried to be a good person. Many times, however, he failed.For after all, he was only human. He wasn't a dog.
Claire Danes|Because of my faith and my imagination, I was able to enjoy my childhood, even though it was tough.
A.D. Aliwat, Alpha|...fame is something other people hand you, while success is what you define for yourself.
Giovanni Pico della Mirandola, Pico della Mirandola: Oration on the Dignity of Man|Ex ‘Fleet man?”“He was a full Commander, last I heard, sir.”“Interesting.” Falconer commented. “Get me his specs. If I have to take him aboard my ship, I want to know all about him.” She swallowed. “Yes sir.”Falconer returned his attention to Nordyke.“What’s their location?”“They’re about a week outside the Hermes system, Captain.”“Helm, set a course – best possible speed!”“Um – sir, we’re on conversion drive at the moment.” The helmsman reported.“I know, Linson – d’you think I’m senile?”“No, sir – I…” The young helmsman stammered.“I did say ‘best possible speed’, didn’t I?”“Yes, sir.
Donna Grant, Dark Alpha’s Demand|The carnal way their bodies slid against each other, the decadence of how he felt moving inside her made her blood race and her heart swell with love.	Because he was hers.	And she was his.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Why are you worrying about YOU-KNOW-WHO, when you should be worrying about YOU-NO-POO? The constipation sensation that's gripping the nation!
Francis Chan, Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God|Frederick Buechner writes, “Intellectually we all know that we will die but we do not really know it in the sense that the knowledge becomes a part of us. We do not really know it in the sense of living as thought it were true. On the contrary, we tend to live as though our lives would go on forever.
Jay Stringer, Ways to Die in Glasgow|I wanted to make at least an effort to impress, so I found my best suit, a Primark special that looked like it had been ironed by a blind man
Richard Branson|Money is speech. It's incongruous to say a multimillionaire can spend as much on his own campaign as he wants, but you can only give $2,300. His free speech rights are different from yours, thus violating the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution. It's absurd.
Jesmyn Ward, Salvage the Bones|If the scrapes were on the front of our knees, she would put our dirty feet in the middle of her chest to clean the wounds, and we could feel her heart beating, strong as the thud of the ground when we walked, through our soles.
Forest Whitaker|I started to travel like this at the age of 15 so for me, it's normal. Some days you get tired and you feel, 'I want to stay at home a little bit more,' but it's only the moment.
Virginia Alison|Longing, because I miss her. I miss talking to her as me. Lust greater than I've ever known, because we're like this, it's the only time she softens and changes and gives me an inch, and it's a need that's in my head just as much as my body. It keeps me on my toes.
Virgil|I'm sick to death of people saying we've made 11 albums that sounds exactly the same, Infact, we've made 12 albums that sound exactly the same.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|Children are our future. Unfortunately, we are their past.
Shirley Jump, The Christmas Baby Surprise|I made a tactical error tonight with Wyatt." She paused "Horizontally." Sara laughed. "Again?
Renee Wade|When we want a man to do something for us, we are asking for his investment and commitment- however big/small....Show our commitment first by doing something to add value to the relationship. Something he perceives as value.
H.E. Davey|Mind and body are in many ways opposite from each other, and mind and body must each act according to its own principles. Nonetheless, while the mind and body are different in disposition, they are complementary opposites that form a single whole. For us to sustain mind and body harmony, and function as whole human beings, we need to discover the actual nature of the mind’s characteristics.
A.E. Samaan|LEFTISTS EAT THEIR CHILDREN: The poets, artists, and radicals are murdered first once the "revolution" actually comes about.﻿
H. Kirk Rainer, A Once and Always Father|I shall yield a rifle of fury, loaded with the justice of time and the raging storm of my soul!
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Dream extravagantly, for God has imbued us with ample imagination to dream out to and across the very periphery of the impossible.
Patrick Ness, The New World|We are preoccupied with time. If we could learn to love space as deeply as we are now obsessed with time, we might discover a new meaning in the phrase 'to live like men.
Eric Voegelin, Autobiographical Reflections (CW34): Revised Edition, with a Voegelin Glossary and Cumulative Index|A further reason for my hatred of . . . ideologies is quite a primitive one. I have an aversion to killing people for the fun of it. What the fun is, I did not quite understand at the time, but in the intervening years the ample exploration of revolutionary consciousness has cast some light on this matter. The fun consists in gaining a pseudo-identity through asserting one's power, optimally by killing somebody—a pseudo-identity that serves as a substitute for the human self that has been lost. . . . A good example of the type of self that has to kill other people in order to regain in an Ersatzform what it has lost is the famous Saint-Juste, who says that Brutus either has to kill other people or kill himself.. . . . I have no sympathy whatsoever with such characters and have never hesitated to characterize them as "murderous swine.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|For the happy man prayer is only a jumble of words, until the day when sorrow comes to explain to him the sublime language by means of which he speaks to God.
Nikki Rowe|I was starting to fall for him, He didn't say it but the wayHe looked at me, Told me he felt the same.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|While you’re singing something romantic, I can’t get the lyrics to ‘Love and Marriage’ out of my head, and that tune always reminds me of the jingle from Jeopardy.
Steven Wright|I went to a restaurant that serves "breakfast at any time" so I ordered French toast during the Renaissance.
Joyce Rachelle|She was a poetry book with the wrong dust jacket, shelved in the Reference section.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Assassin|She had come to letters late in her life, and though she had mastered them, they had never become her good friends.
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|The kiss itself is immortal. It travels from lip to lip, century to century, from age to age. Men and women garner these kisses, offer them to others and then die in turn.
Rhonda Patton|They loved the sea. They taught themselves to sail, to navigate and read the weather. Without their mother's knowledge and long before she thought them old enough to sail outside the harbor, they were piloting their catboat all the way to the Isles of Shoals. They were on the return leg of one such excursion when the fickle weather of early spring took an abrupt turn and the sky darkened and the sun vanished and the wind came squalling off the open sea. They were a half mile from the harbor when the storm overtook them. The rain struck in a slashing torrent and the swells hove them so high they felt they might be sent flying--then dropped them into troughs so deep they could see nothing but walls of water the color of iron. They feared the sail would be ripped away. Samuel Thomas wrestled the tiller and John Roger bailed in a frenzy and both were wide-eyed with euphoric terror as time and again they were nearly capsized before at last making the harbor. When they got home and Mary Margaret saw their sodden state she scolded them for dunces and wondered aloud how they could do so well in their schooling when they didn't have sense enough to get out of the rain.
Russell D. Moore|This figure upon the Cross is not a MVD agent or a Gestapo inquisitor, but a Divine Physician, Who only asks that we bring our wounds to Him in order that He may heal them. If our sins be as scarlet, they shall be washed white as snow, and if they be as red as crimson, they shall be made white as wool. Was it not He Who told us, “I say to you, that even so there shall be more joy in Heaven upon one sinner that doth penance than upon ninety-nine just who need not penance” (Luke 15:7)? In the story of the prodigal, did He not describe the Father as saying, “Let us eat and make merry: because this my son was dead and is come to life again; was lost and is found” (Luke 15:23, 24)? Why is there more joy in Heaven for the repentant sinner than for the righteous? Because God’s attitude is not judgment but love. In judgment, one is not as joyful after doing wrong as before; but in love, there is joy because the danger and worry of losing that soul is past. He who is sick is loved more than he who is well, because he needs it more. Some will feign sickness to solicit love and pretend wounds that the beloved may bind them.
Deyth Banger|I let go of false hope. I let go of the hope that they would transform in favour of working on my own transformation. I let go of the hope that they would HEAR me. I let go of the hope that they would SEE me. Instead of my hope being in THEM, I listened to me. I heard me, I saw me, I validated my own pain and I began to emerge from the broken life I had been living.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When Jesus hung on the cross, a great unseen cosmic battle raged in the heavens—and in the end, Christ triumphed over all the forces of evil and death and hell.
Shel Silverstein|I said, "I'll take the T-bone steak."A soft voice mooed, "Oh wow."And I looked up and realizedThe waitress was a cow.I cried, "Mistake--forget the the steak.I'll take the chicken then."I heard a cluck--'twas just my luckThe busboy was a hen.I said, "Okay no, fowl today.I'll have the seafood dish."Then I saw through the kitchen doorThe cook--he was a fish.I screamed, "Is there anyone workin' hereWho's an onion or a beet?No? Your're sure? Okay then friends,A salad's what I'll eat."They looked at me. "Oh,no," they said,"The owner is a cabbage head.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|Though it is not a direct article of the christian system that this world that we inhabit is the whole of the habitable creation, yet it is so worked up therewith, from what is called the Mosaic account of the creation, the story of Eve and the apple, and the counterpart of that story, the death of the Son of God, that to believe otherwise, that is, to believe that God created a plurality of worlds, at least as numerous as what we call stars, renders the christian system of faith at once little and ridiculous; and scatters it in the mind like feathers in the air. The two beliefs can not be held together in the same mind; and he who thinks that be believes both, has thought but little of either....And, on the other hand, are we to suppose that every world in the boundless creation had an Eve, an apple, a serpent, and a redeemer? In this case, the person who is irreverently called the Son of God, and sometimes God himself, would have nothing else to do than to travel from world to world, in an endless succession of death, with scarcely a momentary interval of life.
Lee  Goff|Sometimes the strongest thing you will ever do will be to let go of someone. It will be painful, you will suffer guilt, and you will second-guess yourself, but for your own sanity and quality of life, there will come a time where you hand them to God, with your love, and trust Him to be who and what He is. May our Lord comfort you.
Peter Mallouk, The 5 Mistakes Every Investor Makes and How to Avoid Them: Getting Investing Right|The stock market cares about only one thing above all else: anticipated earnings. If companies make more money, their share prices eventually rise. The stock price is simply a reflection of a company's earning power. Everything else is noise.
Geoffrey Wood|Well, I totally understand why people take huge drugs. Like heroin, or cocaine. I can understand why you would want to be literally out of your own head, because being in your own head is unbearable. In fact, the reason I haven't taken drugs like that is because I know that it would be so good to be out of my own head that I wouldn't be able to stop
|Keep your mental sight fully focused on the prize ahead; so that if you happen to fall, it would motivate you to get back up and keep moving forward.
L.J. Vanier|We dream of the future, to distract ourselves from the present, in order to forget the past.Heal the past, live in the present and don’t rush to the future. Life is a journey and it will all be over before you know it.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|IN ONE IMPORTANT WAY, an abusive man works like a magician: His tricks largely rely on getting you to look off in the wrong direction, distracting your attention so that you won’t notice where the real action is. He draws you into focusing on the turbulent world of his feelings to keep your eyes turned away from the true cause of his abusiveness, which lies in how he thinks. He leads you into a convoluted maze, making your relationship with him a labyrinth of twists and turns. He wants you to puzzle over him, to try to figure him out, as though he were a wonderful but broken machine for which you need only to find and fix the malfunctioning parts to bring it roaring to its full potential. His desire, though he may not admit it even to himself, is that you wrack your brain in this way so that you won’t notice the patterns and logic of his behavior, the consciousness behind the craziness.
Stephen Richards, Harry's Fight: Harry Marsden - From Catholic Care Home Abuse To Gangster To Good Fellow|You might think the Bangkok Hilton (the nickname of a fictional prison in Bangkok) was tough, well that was paradise compared to this place!
I. Alan Appt, The Strength in Knowing: The Truth Beyond Our Belief Systems and a Fresh Path to Finding Love, Peace and Joy|Excerpt from "The Strength in Knowing"Doubt is the archenemy of the purity of thought and it inhibits theessence of all that is
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|It’s time that Christianity should be redefined by the world based upon the original teachings of Jesus, instead of the Old and New Testaments which have been interpreted, reinterpreted and distorted by all the Ecumenical Councils, i.e. the Church Councils.
Johnny Depp|Work, look for peace and calm in work: you will find it nowhere else.
Jennifer Shirk, Wedding Date for Hire|Amanda, whether you know it or not, I'm all the security you'll ever need. I would never let anyone harm a single hair on your head.
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|One weekend it rained for 48 hours without stopping. The rain beat like bony fingers against the window panes. Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap. Fungus was growing on the walls. I polished off a bottle of gin sitting huddled over the two-bar electric fire and wrote a poem, one of the few that has lasted through the moves and the years. It is called 'Where Can I Go?'If this is not the place where tears are understood where do I go to cry? If this is not the place where my spirits can take wing where do I go to fly?If this is not the place where my feelings can be heard where do I go to speak? If this is not the place where you’ll accept me as I am where can I go to be me? If this is not the place where I can try and learn and grow where can I go to laugh and cry?
Anton Chekhov|Technically, of course, he was right. Socially, he was annoying us.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|If you are idle, ask “why?” If you feel like life is boring for you, ask “why?” When you get into a disappointment, ask “why?” Even if you come out of all torments and disturbances, ask “why?
Gina Marinello-Sweeney, The Rose and the Sword|And if I consume another mortal’s flesh, will I like god before me, shit a million stars upon the naked, wretched sky?
Rebecca Rivard, Lir's Lady|Time slowed. He was thinking in colors and sensations now, not words. The curve of her breast. The shimmer of her skin. The way her breath caught when he touched her—there.
Delano Johnson, Love Quotes|What she'd thought was love before felt like a girlhood crush compared to the feeling now crashing over her. It sucked her under like riding whitewater rapids, spinning her around, and tossing her wildly into the air. There was no land, no balance, nothing to hold on to except Victor. In those quiet moments, he captured her loyalty and heart forever. She was done.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Dance of the Dissident Daughter|We" (your spirit guides and angels) believe in what-we-feel, you believe in how-you-feel.
Anthony Powell, A Dance to the Music of Time: 4th Movement|In any case the friendships of later life, in contrast wih those negotiated before thirty, are apt to be burdened with reservations, constraints, inhibitions.
Pope Benedict XVI|You know, I love America. It's such a positive country.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Education aims at solving problems, but some educators are problems to be solved
-sanika ullalkar|We persist and linger longer than we think, leaving traces of ourselves wherever we go. If you take that away, then we all simply vanish.
Ama H. Vanniarachchy|Words are my weapons. They might kill or cure the readers, that’s out of my control.
Iyanla Vanzant|You can fool people. You can fool anybody anytime of the day, but you can't fool yourself. At night, when you go home, you've got to be straight up with you.
Marissa Mayer|Who knows what technology will emerge in the next five years, let alone 20. Yet the education we provide our children now is supposed to last for decades. We cannot train them for jobs that do not even exist yet, but we can provide them with the minds and tools they'll need to adapt to our ever-changing set of circumstances.
Graham Swift, Waterland|Look!You want to see? See! Feast your eyes, glut your soul on my cursed ugliness! Look at Erik's face! Now you know the face of the voice! You were not content to hear me, eh? You wanted to know what I looked like? Oh, you women are so inquisitive! Well, are you satisfied? I'm a good-looking fellow, eh?...When a woman has seen me, as you have, she belongs to me.She loves me forever! I am a kind of Don Juan, you know!...Look at me! I am Don Juan Triumphant! -Erik in The Phantom of the Opera
Walt Whitman|Poets to ComePOETS to come! orators, singers, musicians to come!Not to-day is to justify me, and answer what I am for;But you, a new brood, native, athletic, continental, greater than before known,Arouse! Arousefor you must justify meyou must answer.I myself but write one or two indicative words for the future,I but advance a moment, only to wheel and hurry back in the darkness.I am a man who, sauntering along, without fully stopping, turns a casual look upon you, and then averts his face,Leaving it to you to prove and define it,Expecting the main things from you.
Graham Greene, The Quiet American|Innocence always calls mutely or protection when we would be so much wise to guard ourselves against it: innocence is like a dumb leper who has lost his bell, wandering the world, meaning no harm.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|My death granted immortality.With one look, I knew he’d be my undoing…” Forgotten, book #1 of the Fate Trilogy
Simone Signoret|'What if?' history is a tricky game, but there is no doubt that the senior planners of D-Day - including Eisenhower and the British general Bernard Montgomery - believed that the Double Cross operation had played a pivotal role in the victory.
Kevin  Walker, These Moments Pass: Poems|I learned a long, long time ago, that I could accomplish things in this place we call reality and yet still spend most of my time in the better reality of my mind.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|It happened. It was awful. You aren't perfect. That's all there is. Don't confuse your grief with guilt."We stay in the silence and the loneliness of the otherwise empty dormitory for a few more minutes, and I try to let her words work themselves into me.
P.A. Speers, Type 1 Sociopath - When Difficult People Are More Than Just Difficult People|The toxic behaviors were there before you decided to enter into relationships with them. The signs were there. You may have chosen to look the other way, but the signs were there.—Psychotherapist from Type 1 Sociopath
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You can't see both sides of one coin at once, can you, child? The god of money always keeps a secret.The god of money was also the god of spies.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Be honest. This applies to every area of your life. Sketchiness is not an attractive trait. No more trying to cover up your baggage, sweeping things under the rug, withholding truth, blatant lying, or even telling seemingly ‘harmless’ white lies or half-truths – release the need to lie completely! Start NOW.
Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star|And what about the lovers who spend hours staring into each other's eyes? Is it a display of trust? 'I will let you in close and trust you not to hurt me while I'm in this vulnerable position.' And if trust is one of the foundations of love, perhaps the staring is a way to build or reinforce it. Or maybe it's simpler than that.A simple search for connectionTo see.To be seen.
Dorothy Parker, The Portable Dorothy Parker|Little WordsWhen you are gone, there is nor bloom nor leaf,Nor singing sea at night, nor silver birds;And I can only stare, and shape my griefIn little words.I cannot conjure loveliness, to drownThe bitter woe that racks my cords apart.The weary pen that sets my sorrow downFeeds at my heart.There is no mercy in the shifting year,No beauty wraps me tenderly about.I turn to little words- so you, my dear,Can spell them out.
Chris Damian|Why, since folly or perversity is expected of individuals, should we expect anything else from government?
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Cats are the lap-dancers of the animal world. Soon as you stop shelling out, they move on, find another lap. They're furry little sociopaths. Pretty and slick -- in love with themselves. When's the last time you saw a seeing-eye cat?
Joseph Abbruscato, The Gothic Fairy Tale in Young Adult Literature: Essays on Stories from Grimm to Gaiman|Children are more able to objectively synthesize a story involving vampires, monsters, or dragons due to the distance afforded by the fantastical elements than they are a story revolving around horrors committed by human beings.
Carol Goodman, The Lake of Dead Languages|The next time you think you're perfect, try walking on water.
Jon Scieszka|Sometimes I'll be sitting with my friends; I'll say something Koothrappali-esque and make a face. There is a lot of Koothrappali in me as a human being. A lot of mannerism, humor, mischievousness, my innocence. So I don't know if I bring him home so much as I bring myself to him at work.
Willard Van Orman Quine, Theories and Things|(...) the woman we love ought to swim as slowly as we do, she ought to have no past of her own to look back on happily. But when the illusion of absolute identity vanishes (the girl looks back happily on her past or swims faster), love becomes a permanent source of the great torment we call litost.
Taylor Swift|He didn't want to get his hopes up, but he also refused to be a pessimist about this moment. Everything could go either way.
Susanna Kearsley, The Winter Sea|A grieving person's like a person treading in deep water--if they've nothing to hold on to, they lose hope. They slide right under.
Eddie Huang, Fresh Off the Boat: A Memoir|If you ever find yourself in a jam, just take a moment to sit and think; calculate things, look at every angle, and then wonder where all that jam came from.
Stephanie Hemphill, Sisters of Glass|Learning to be a lady / is like learning / to live within a shell, / to be a crustacean encased / in a small white / uncomfortable world.
Ted Agon, The Human Key Condensed|As a camera is an instrument that teaches us how to see when we don't have a camera, writing is a process that teaches how to think when we are not writing.
Henna Sohail|I have always been their rock. A mother’s unconditional love is fervent enough to battle against the gates of hell, rise up from her knees and stand gallant, in spite of her gaping war wounds. If only they knew the battle fought and the flood of tearshed without having to endure such agony.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When a man has a gift in speaking the truth, brute aggression is no longer his security blanket for approval. He, on the contrary, spends most of his energy trying to tone it down because his very nature is already offensive enough.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|We spend a lifetime undoing the damage caused by cruelty, neglect, and all manner of lovelessness experienced in our families of origin and in relationships where we simply where we simply did not know what to do.
Scott Adams, The Dilbert Principle: A Cubicle's-Eye View of Bosses, Meetings, Management Fads & Other Workplace Afflictions|Everyone is an idiot, not just the people with low SAT scores. The only differences among us is that we're idiots about different things at different times. No matter how smart you are, you spend much of your day being an idiot.
Amie Kaufman, This Shattered World|There are monsters all around usThey can be so hard to seehey don't have fangs, no blood-soaked clawsThey look like you and me. But we're not defenselessWe're no damsels in distressTogether we can fend off the attackAll we gotta do is watch our backs.Your body is beautiful how it isWho you love is nobody's business We all contemplate life and deathIt's the poet who gives these thoughtsbreath.The monster is strong, don't be mistakenIt thrives on fear-keeps us isolatedBut together we can fend off its attackAll we gotta do is watch our backs.In your darkest hourWhen the fight's made you wearyWhen you think you've lost your powerWhen you can't see clearlyWhen you're ready to surrenderGive in to the blacklook over your shoulderI've got your back.
Lisa Genova, Still Alice|You're so beautiful," said Alice. "I'm afraid of looking at you and not knowing who you are.""I think that even if you don't know who I am someday, you'll still know that I love you.""What if I see you, and I don't know that you're my daughter, and I don't know that you love me?""Then, I'll tell you that I do, and you'll believe me.
Adriana Law, Falling for a Bentley|I learned the rules mastered them like a pro. Then break them easily like an artist without any trouble." ― Sage Canny
Jonas Eriksson|If you appreciate the small things, you're likely to get the big ones.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|When insecurity starts to rub off on you, you begin to lose a sense of belonging.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.Even as the stone of the fruit must break, that its heart may stand in the sun, so must you know pain.
Albert Camus|Selfishness is not living as one wishes to live, it is asking others to live as one wishes to live.
Herodotus, The Histories|You're a hope-killer. 'Cause at least if you'd done it on your back, that's something we c'n understand. Something we c'n do ourselves. But kindness? Luck like that-- it's a million-to-one chance, and you already took the one chance going.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|In life, you will always be faced with a series of God-ordained opportunities brilliantly disguised as problems and challenges.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|People aren't born good or bad. Maybe they're born with tendencies either way, but it's the way you live your life that matters. And the people you know. Valentine was Hodge's friend, and I don't think Hodge really had anyone else in his life to challenge him or make him be a better person. If I'd had that life, I don't know how I would have turned out. But I didn't. I have my family. And I have you.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Hell people talk about hell, love people talk about love!
Joan D. Vinge|That penetrating gaze, that intelligence; it's hard not to be anthropomorphic when you're looking at a great ape - at any primate - but especially with gorillas. They're just so magnificent.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|Man is born violent but is kept in check by the people around him. If he nevertheless manages to throw off his fetters, he can count on applause, for everyone recognizes himself in him. Deeply ingrained, nay, buried dreams come true. The unlimited radiates its magic even upon crime, which, not coincidentally, is the main source of entertainment in Eumeswil. I, as an anarch, not uninterested but disinterested, can understand that. Freedom has a wide range and more facets than a diamond.
Alexa Vega|I've reached the age of self-knowledge, so I don't know anything. People who claim that they know something are responsible for most of the fuss in the world.
Martin Luther|Peace is not merely a distant goal that we seek, but a means by which we arrive at that goal.
Todd Strasser, Wish You Were Dead|But then again, impossible never became rumour, did it?
Michel Houellebecq, Whatever|An entire life spent reading would have fulfilled my every desire; I already knew that at the age of seven. The texture of the world is painful, inadequate; unalterable, or so it seems to me. Really, I believe that an entire life spent reading would have suited me best. Such a life has not been granted me...
Francine Pascal, Brokenhearted|When the time is right, you might right, you might consider telling Theo that you’ve been in love with him for a long time now.” Lucy sniffed. “And I’m supposed to do this without Milk Duds? As if!” Doris laughed. “You know, being true to yourself takes courage, Lucy. Great joy always requires great risk, and even effort.” “Yeah. OK. But I’ve always been more of a drive-through person.
Richard Aldington, Women Must Work|In the twentieth century the women who wanted to be on their own were some of the best, the honest ones, those who instinctively rejected the trash. But here came a tragical dilemma. If they accepted Business and served it, they served the very thing from which they fled, and at best became imitation men. If they rejected Business and lived on allowances or incomes, they were in the anomalous position of hunting with the industrial hounds and running with the agricultural hare. An instinctive sense of this made many of them turn "artist." And so Europe was cluttered up with incompetent women "artists" -- not that a woman is incapable of being an artist, but because the assumed role provided an escape. Either situation was impossible, and the solution is not yet found.
Malcolm Bradbury, Eating People is Wrong|I look up to as God every person, thing or thought that makes life worth living one day longer
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Death: When next we meet, the hour will strike for you and your friends.Antonius Block: And will you reveal your secrets?Death: I have no secrets.Antonius Block: So do you know nothing?Death: I am unknowing.
George Orwell, 1984|In this place you could not feel anything, except pain and the foreknowledge of pain.
Rubin Scott|It was a sickening, humbling, maddeningly powerless sensation this watching them and waiting for them to come to him. For the time they could be a family again. But Mickey did it like one’s tongue pointlessly finds a mouth sore over and over again, half to see if it was still there, half to see if it still hurt.
Irwin Edman|Political success in Athens seemed to depend on having a party, and there seemed now to be no party with whom an honorable man could connect himself. 
Ron Baratono|Dear God, let me find calm in every situation. Let me look at others with pity instead of anger. Let me pray they make it through life’s fog they’ve created for themselves and find you. In Jesus’s name, amen.
Carl Busby Sr, Poems from the Sand II|Members of every major street gang, outlaw biker, and domestic extremist group have been found in a number of military branches.
WIlliam R. Keates, Proceed with Caution: A Diary of the First Year at One of America's Largest, Most Prestigious Law Firms|I also quickly came to appreciate the importance of watching what’s said around clients. When clients make unexpected requests for legal advice – as they often do – I learned that it was better to tell them I’d get back to them with an answer, and go away, research the question, and consult with a supervising attorney, rather than firing back an answer off-the-cuff.A friend of mine at another firm told me a story that illustrates the risks of saying too much. It seems an insurance company had engaged my friend’s California-based firm to help in defending against an environmental claim. This claim entailed reviewing huge volumes of documents in Arizona. So my friend’s firm sent teams of associates to Arizona, all expenses paid, on a weekly basis. Because the insurance company also sent its own lawyers and paralegals, as did other insurance companies who were also defendants in the lawsuit, the document review facility was often staffed with numerous attorneys and paralegals from different firms. Associates were instructed not to discuss the case with anyone unless they knew with whom they were speaking.After several months of document review, one associate from my friend’s firm abandoned his professionalism and discretion when he began describing to a young woman who had recently arrived at the facility what boondoggles the weekly trips were. He talked at length about the free airfare, expensive meals, the easy work, and the evening partying the trips involved. As fate would have it, the young woman was a paralegal working for the insurance company – the client who was paying for all of his “perks” – and she promptly informed her superiors about his comments. Not surprisingly, the associate was fired before the end of the month.My life as an associate would have been a lot easier if I had delegated work more freely. I’ve mentioned the stress associated with delegating work, but the flip side of that was appreciating the importance of asking others for help rather than doing everything myself. I found that by delegating to paralegals and other staff members some of my more tedious assignments, I was free to do more interesting work.I also wish I’d given myself greater latitude to make mistakes. As high achievers, law students often put enormous stress on themselves to be perfect, and I was no different. But as a new lawyer, I, of course, made mistakes; that’s the inevitable result of inexperience. Rather than expect perfection and be inevitably disappointed, I’d have been better off to let myself be tripped up by inexperience – and focus, instead, on reducing mistakes caused by carelessness.Finally, I tried to rely more on other associates within the firm for advice on assignments and office politics. When I learned to do this, I found that these insights gave me either the assurance that I was using the right approach, or guidance as to what the right approach might be. It didn’t take me long to realize that getting the “inside scoop” on firm politics was crucial to my own political survival. Once I figured this out, I made sure I not only exchanged information with other junior associates, but I also went out of my way to gather key insights from mid-level and senior associates, who typically knew more about the latest political maneuverings and happenings. Such information enabled me to better understand the various personal agendas directing work flow and office decisions and, in turn, to better position myself with respect to issues and cases circulating in the office.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal|The link between the spirit and the mind is the deep heart".~R. Alan Woods [2012]
Steven Magee|With an architect as your guide, you canresponsibly stop worrying about what spacessomeone else might want in a house and focus only on those things your house should include.
Jennifer McKeithen, Atlantis On the Shores of Forever|The setting sunWith yellow radiance lighten'd all the vale;And as the warriors moved, each polish'd helm,Corslet or spear, glanced back his gilded beams.The hill they climbed, and halting at its top,Of more than mortal size, towering, they seem'dA host angelic, clad in burning arms.
Marcus Luttrell|Danny Dietz died right there in my arms. I don't know how quickly hearts break, but that nearly broke mine... I had to leave him or else die out here with him. But I knew one thing was certain. I still had my rifle and I was not alone, and neither was Danny, a devout Roman Catholic. I left him with God.
Sarah Weeks, Honey|Church comforts the lonely, those who've lost, those who grieve. It is a weekly ritual that never changes, never goes away. You can go to mass anywhere around the world -- Waseca, North Dakota, Poland, Ireland -- and the only difference would be the language. Church provides us something to cling to, the rope line tied from the barn to the house during a blizzard. No matter what swirls around you, you cannot become lost.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|I don't play with my life by talking bullshit.I might have some chances in this bitchy life,but I've got only one fuckin' chance to give...my best shot.
Ashley Montagu, The Dehumanization Of Man|I could show fight on natural selection having done and doing more for the progress of civilization than you seem inclined to admit. Remember what risk the nations of Europe ran, not so many centuries ago of being overwhelmed by the Turks, and how ridiculous such an idea now is! The more civilised so-called Caucasian races have beaten the Turkish hollow in the struggle for existence. Looking to the world at no very distant date, what an endless number of the lower races will have been eliminated by the higher civilized races throughout the world.
Steve Maraboli|You've been given the innate power to shape your life...but you cannot just speak change, you have to LIVE change. Intent paired with action builds the bridge to success. You can't just want it; you have to do it, live it...BE it! Success isn't something you have, it's something you DO!
Cristiane Serruya, Trust: Betrayed|It is when you are at your lowest, when you are broken and fearful of change, that you must learn to silence the voices of caution in your mind and leap forth to continue on your journey, further than you thought possible, and pounce on that prize you seek.
Michael  Grant, Plague|Mr. Albert? Mr. Albert?” Harley said.“Just Albert’s fine,” Albert said tersely.“Me and Janice are thirsty.”“I’m sorry, but I don’t have any water on me.” He managed a tight smile and moved on. But now Janice was crying and Harley was pleading.“We used to live with Mary and she gave us water. But now we have to live with Summer and BeeBee and they said we have to have money.”“Then I guess you’d better earn some money,” Albert said. He tried to soften it, tried not to sound harsh, but he had a lot on his mind and it came out sounding mean. Now Harley started to cry, too.“If you’re thirsty, stop crying,” Albert snapped. “What do you think tears are made of?
Robert Pinsky|From an essay on early reading by Robert Pinsky:My favorite reading for many years was the "Alice" books. The sentences had the same somber, drugged conviction as Sir John Tenniel's illustrations, an inexplicable, shadowy dignity that reminded me of the portraits and symbols engraved on paper money. The books were not made of words and sentences but of that smoky assurance, the insistent solidity of folded, textured, Victorian interiors elaborately barricaded against the doubt and ennui of a dreadfully God-forsaken vision. The drama of resisting some corrosive, enervating loss, some menacing boredom, made itself clear in the matter-of-fact reality of the story. Behind the drawings I felt not merely a tissue of words and sentences but an unquestioned, definite reality.I read the books over and over. Inevitably, at some point, I began trying to see how it was done, to unravel the making--to read the words as words, to peek behind the reality. The loss entailed by such knowledge is immense. Is the romance of "being a writer"--a romance perhaps even created to compensate for this catastrophic loss--worth the price? The process can be epitomized by the episode that goes with one of my favorite illustrations. Alice has entered a dark wood--"much darker than the last wood":[S]he reached the wood: It looked very cool and shady. "Well, at any rate it's a great comfort," she said as she stepped under the trees, "after being so hot, to get into the--into the--into what?" she went on, rather surprised at not being able to think of the word. "I mean to get under the--under the--under this, you know!" putting her hand on the trunk of the tree. "What does it call itself, I wonder? I do believe it's got no name--why to be sure it hasn't!"This is the wood where things have no names, which Alice has been warned about. As she tries to remember her own name ("I know it begins with L!"), a Fawn comes wandering by. In its soft, sweet voice, the Fawn asks Alice, "What do you call yourself?" Alice returns the question, the creature replies, "I'll tell you, if you'll come a little further on . . . . I can't remember here".The Tenniel picture that I still find affecting illustrates the first part of the next sentence: So they walked on together through the wood, Alice with her arms clasped lovingly round the soft neck of the Fawn, till they came out into another open field, and here the Fawn gave a sudden bound into the air, and shook itself free from Alice's arm. "I'm a Fawn!" it cried out in a voice of delight. "And dear me! you're a human child!" A sudden look of alarm came into its beautiful brown eyes, and in another moment it had darted away at full speed.In the illustration, the little girl and the animal walk together with a slightly awkward intimacy, Alice's right arm circled over the Fawn's neck and back so that the fingers of her two hands meet in front of her waist, barely close enough to mesh a little, a space between the thumbs. They both look forward, and the affecting clumsiness of the pose suggests that they are tripping one another. The great-eyed Fawn's legs are breathtakingly thin. Alice's expression is calm, a little melancholy or spaced-out.What an allegory of the fall into language. To imagine a child crossing over from the jubilant, passive experience of such a passage in its physical reality, over into the phrase-by-phrase, conscious analysis of how it is done--all that movement and reversal and feeling and texture in a handful of sentences--is somewhat like imagining a parallel masking of life itself, as if I were to discover, on reflection, that this room where I am writing, the keyboard, the jar of pens, the lamp, the rain outside, were all made out of words.From "Some Notes on Reading," in The Most Wonderful Books (Milkweed Editions)
Robert Kennedy|In Britain and Europe, no event is less forgotten than World War I, or 'The Great War,' as it was called until 1939.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The ordinary think inside of the box, the extraordinary think outside of the box, but genius thinks inside, outside, below and above the box.
Dada Bhagwan|Once you have learned how to subtract the gross form of ‘my’, subtract the subtle form of ‘my’. Thereafter, subtract the subtler and the subtlest forms. After subtracting all that, ‘I’ [Self] will be separate!
Isaac Marion|I try to think of things to say but nothing comes, and if something did come I probably couldn't say it. This is my great obstacle, the biggest of all the boulders littering my path. In my mind I am eloquent; I can climb intricate scaffolds of words to reach the highest cathedral ceilings and paint my thought. But when I open my mouth, everything collapses.
Neel Burton, The Meaning of Madness|If two people with no symptoms in common can both receive the same diagnosis of schizophrenia, then what is the value of that label in describing their symptoms, deciding their treatment, or predicting their outcome, and would it not be more useful simply to describe their problems as they actually are? And if schizophrenia does not exist in nature, then how can researchers possibly find its cause or correlates? If psychiatric research has made so little progress in recent decades, it is in large part because everyone has been barking up the wrong tree. It is not a question of getting a bigger and better scanner, but of going right back to the drawing board.What’s more, medical-type labels can be as harmful as they are hollow. By reducing rich, varied, and complex human experiences to nothing more than a mental disorder, they not only sideline and trivialize those experiences but also imply an underlying defect that then serves as a pseudo-explanation for the person’s disturbed behaviour. This demeans and disempowers the person, who is deterred from identifying and addressing the important life problems that underlie his distress.
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|However, the majority of women are neither harlots nor courtesans; nor do they sit clasping pug dogs to dusty velvet all through the summer afternoon. But what do they do then? and there came to my mind’s eye one of those long streets somewhere south of the river whose infinite rows are innumerably populated. With the eye of the imagination I saw a very ancient lady crossing the street on the arm of a middle-aged woman, her daughter, perhaps, both so respectably booted and furred that their dressing in the afternoon must be a ritual, and the clothes themselves put away in cupboards with camphor, year after year, throughout the summer months. They cross the road when the lamps are being lit (for the dusk is their favourite hour), as they must have done year after year. The elder is close on eighty; but if one asked her what her life has meant to her, she would say that she remembered the streets lit for the battle of Balaclava, or had heard the guns fire in Hyde Park for the birth of King Edward the Seventh. And if one asked her, longing to pin down the moment with date and season, but what were you doing on the fifth of April 1868, or the second of November 1875, she would look vague and say that she could remember nothing. For all the dinners are cooked; the plates and cups washed; the children sent to school and gone out into the world. Nothing remains of it all. All has vanished. No biography or history has a word to say about it. And the novels, without meaning to, inevitably lie.All these infinitely obscure lives remain to be recorded, I said, addressing Mary Carmichael as if she were present; and went on in thought through the streets of London feeling in imagination the pressure of dumbness, the accumulation of unrecorded life, whether from the women at the street corners with their arms akimbo, and the rings embedded in their fat swollen fingers, talking with a gesticulation like the swing of Shakespeare’s words; or from the violet-sellers and match-sellers and old crones stationed under doorways; or from drifting girls whose faces, like waves in sun and cloud, signal the coming of men and women and the flickering lights of shop windows. All that you will have to explore, I said to Mary Carmichael, holding your torch firm in your hand.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|People have forgotten this truth," the fox said. "But you mustn’t forget it. You become responsible forever for what you’ve tamed. You’re responsible for your rose.
Yuyuko Takemiya, Evergreen, Vol. 4|It’s as predictable as the tide and the moon. It ebbs and flows. Death comes and it goes."- THE WICKED DEEP
Courtney Allison Moulton, Shadows in the Silence|I hear it a lot “Heaven is under the women feet,” I doubt that; I found it between them.
Martha Heller, Be the Business: CIOs in the New Eras of IT|When we stop thinking of improvement, the thought process gets busy with justifying our approach, the wish to succeed comes from heart, miss that and the mind gets busy in generating excuses on how being better isn’t a better idea, & we are good the way we are.
Paul Kalanithi|What the Kinseyites and I had in common so long ago was the knowledge that homosexual and heterosexual behavior are natural to all mammals, and that what differs from individual to individual is the balance between these two complementary but not necessarily conflicted drives.
Mensah Oteh|If you want to live in abundance, work towards it one day at a time.
Markus Zusak, Getting the Girl|For a moment, I debated whether I should tell someone about the words I'd started writing down, but I couldn't. In a way, I felt ashamed, even though my writing was the one thing that whispered okayness in my ear. I didn't speak it, to anyone.
Elon Musk|Many people dream about being an entrepreneur, starting their own business, working for themselves, and living the good life. Very few, however, will actually take the plunge and put everything they've got into being their own boss.
Godwin Elendu Ph.D|You must showcase your work, achievements and performance in the best possible manner.
Sandra Proto|am a creative beingA Being that You createdYou have unselfishly given me talentAnd I am here to showcase itAll in praise of YouYou are the spirit within meYou are the driving forceI, Thank YouO, GodI, Thank You
May Sarton|A garden is a complex of aesthetic and plastic intentions; and the plant is, to a landscape artist, not only a plant - rare, unusual, ordinary or doomed to disappearance - but it is also a color, a shape, a volume or an arabesque in itself.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|As I accept the flowers, I release my grip on the balloons, and they bounce gently against the ceiling the way they did before—hovering, annoyed, frustrated, contained by the ceiling and disappointed by the limits of life.
Anonymous|My mother said  "You won't amount to anything because you procrastinate." I said  "Just wait."
Paul A. Samuelson|We got rich by violating one of the central tenets of economics: thou shall not sell off your capital and call it income. And yet over the past 40 years we have clear-cut the forests, fished rivers and oceans to the brink of extinction and siphoned oil from the earth as if it possessed an infinite supply. We've sold off our planet's natural capital and called it income. And now the earth, like the economy, is stripped.
Garth Nix, Abhorsen|But think of how much worse it would be to sit here, not knowing. Until the Dead choke the Ratterlin and Hedge walks across the dry bed of the river to batter down the door.
Shannon L. Alder|They were going to drag the boy she loved into the clearing, point a gun at the kindest, bravest person she'd ever met, and end his life with the twitch of a finger.
Kresley Cole, Dark Desires After Dusk|Gods, I love it when you talk mathy to me.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust|The world admires wealth and velocity—these are the things for which everyone strives. Railroads, the post, steamboats, and all possible modes of communication are the means by which the world overeducates itself and freezes itself in mediocrity.
Eric Berne, Games People Play|Though you recite much scripture, If you are unaware and do not act accordingYou are like a cowherd counting others' cattle, Not a sharer in the wanderer's life.
David Ski| Once a person has been poisoned by self-deception, he can't make decisions about himself as neatly as all that," Himiko said, elaborating her friend's terrific prophecy; " You won't get a divorce Bird. You'll justify yourself like crazy, and try to salvage your married life by confusing the real issues. A decision like divorce is beyond you now, Bird, the poison has gone to work. And you know how the story ends ? Not even your own wife will trust you absolutely, and one day you'll discover for yourself that your entire private life is in the shadow of deception and in the end you'll destroy yourself. Bird, the first signs of self-destruction have appeared already!" " But that's a blind alley! Leave it to you to paint the most hopeless future you can think of. " Bird lunged at jocularity...
Debasish Mridha|If you are not able to find peace within yourself, no one will be able to bring you peace.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Although I am far too frequently convinced otherwise, with God a dead-end is only the death of an end.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Usually we walk around constantly believing ourselves. "I'm okay" we say. "I'm alright". But sometimes the truth arrives on you and you can't get it off. That's when you realize that sometimes it isn't even an answer--it's a question. Even now, I wonder how much of my life is convinced.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Some things never change. Not the ABC’s, not the multiplication tables, not God!
Karen  Gibbs, A Gallery of Scrapbook Creations|Those who know me never doubt me..Those who doubt me, never knew me.
Suze Orman|In all realms of life it takes courage to stretch your limits, express your power, and fulfill your potential. It’s no different in the financial realm
Terry Pratchett, Monstrous Regiment|She is standing just behind you. Just behind your right shoulder."In the silence of the woods, Polly turned."I can't see her," she said."I am happy for you," said Wazzer, handing her the empty mug."But I didn't see anything," said Polly."No," said Wazzer. "But you turned around...
Steven Ramirez Dead Is All You Get|Alive, and one. We are one, and while we love, death will never touch us. 'The grave's a fine and private place/ but none, I think, do there embrace.
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|The willingness to reach inside every part of yourself opens the door to total understanding. You place your entire identity on the line, not just an isolated part. This may sound daunting, but actually it’s the most natural way to approach any situation. When you hold some part of yourself in reserve you deny it exposure to life; you repress its energy and keep it form understanding what it needs to know.
Sheryl Sandberg|The more that social democracy develops, grows, and becomes stronger, the more the enlightened masses of workers will take their own destinies, the leadership of their movement, and the determination of its direction into their own hands.
Aananda Karna|This whole beautiful world will end for you the day you die, then why to bother for others, stay selfish stay happy.
Heather Heffner, The Tribe of Ishmael|I blew a strand of black hair from my face. “A demon treating another with kindness is something I have yet to see.”“Careful,” the demon whispered. “You may have already seen the rough shape and form it takes in this world, and yet you do not recognize it.
Brene Brown|Next to courage, willpower is the most important thing in politics.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Getting down to the gym a couple days a week and having low-fat milk in your morning latte isn’t going to make much of a dent in a system or lifestyle that is essentially, well, unwell.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Change is part of life. Civilizations rise and fall, the tides wax and wane, the planet undergoes periods of climatic revolution, the young grow up, and the old die. What will come is that what shall be. Survival as individuals and as a species demands fluidity of human thought and the demonstrated ability, temperament, and perseverance to change.
June Jordan|Slowly poetry becomes visual because it paints images, but it is also musical: it unites two arts into one.
نزار قباني|Jerusalem! My Love,My TownI wept until my tears were dryI prayed until the candles flickeredI knelt until the floor creakedI asked about Mohammed and ChristOh Jerusalem, the fragrance of prophetsThe shortest path between earth and skyOh Jerusalem, the citadel of lawsA beautiful child with fingers charredand downcast eyesYou are the shady oasis passed by the ProphetYour streets are melancholyYour minarets are mourningYou, the young maiden dressed in blackWho rings the bells at the Nativity Church, On sunday morning?Who brings toys for the childrenOn Christmas eve?Oh Jerusalem, the city of sorrowA big tear wandering in the eyeWho will halt the aggressionOn you, the pearl of religions?Who will wash your bloody walls?Who will safeguard the Bible?Who will rescue the Quran?Who will save Christ, From those who have killed Christ?Who will save man?Oh Jerusalem my townOh Jerusalem my loveTomorrow the lemon trees will blossomAnd the olive trees will rejoiceYour eyes will danceThe migrant pigeons will returnTo your sacred roofsAnd your children will play againAnd fathers and sons will meetOn your rosy hillsMy townThe town of peace and olives
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Great spirit, great-self.
Charles B. Handy|The moment will arrive when you are comfortable with who you are, and what you are– bald or old or fat or poor, successful or struggling- when you don't feel the need to apologize for anything or to deny anything. To be comfortable in your own skin is the beginning of strength.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|Eleanor Roosevelt on the changes in John F. Kennedy that led her to drop her opposition to his nomination for president: "He has the qualities of a scholar, and a sense of history. I had the feeling that he was the man who can learn. I like him better than I ever had before because he seemed so little caulk-sure, and I think he has a mind that is open to new ideas.
Akilnathan Logeswaran|To weaken the body, remove blood. To weaken the character, remove struggle.
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|There’s an organic grocery store just off the highway exit. I can’t remember the last time I went shopping for food.” A smile glittered in his eyes. “I might have gone overboard.”I walked into the kitchen, with gleaming stainless-steel appliances, black granite countertops, and walnut cabinetry. Very masculine, very sleek. I went for the fridge first. Water bottles, spinach and arugula, mushrooms, gingerroot, Gorgonzola and feta cheeses, natural peanut butter, and milk on one side. Hot dogs, cold cuts, Coke, chocolate pudding cups, and canned whipped cream on the other. I tried to picture Patch pushing a shopping cart down the aisle, tossing in food as it pleased him. It was all I could do to keep a straight face.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Thorns|Tell me, tutor,' I said. 'Is revenge a science, or an art?
Marina Keegan, The Opposite of Loneliness: Essays and Stories|But it became clear very quickly that I'd underestimated how much I liked him. Not him, perhaps, but the fact that I had someone on the other end of an invisible line. Someone to update and get updates from, to inform of a comic discovery, to imagine while dancing in a lonely basement, and to return to, finally, when the music stopped.
Richard Matheson, What Dreams May Come|Not only did I rediscover every experience of my life, I had to live each unfulfilled desire as well—as though they’d been fulfilled. I saw that what transpires in the mind is just as real as any flesh and blood occurrence. What had only been imagination in life, now became tangible, each fantasy a full reality. I lived them all—while, at the same time, standing to the side, a witness to their, often, intimate squalor. A witness cursed with total objectivity.
Laura Miller, The Magician's Book: A Skeptic's Adventures in Narnia|A long time ago, I opened a book, and this is what I found inside: a whole new world. It isn't the world I live in, although sometimes it looks a lot like it. Sometimes, though, it feels closest to my world when it doesn't look like it at all. That world is enormous, yet it all fits inside an everyday object. I don't have to keep everything I find there, but what I choose to take with me is more precious than anything I own, and there is always more where that came from. The world I found was inside a book, and then that world turned out to be made of even more books, each of which led to yet another world. It goes on forever and ever. At nine I thought I must get to Narnia or die. It would be a long time before I understood that I was already there.
Vitruvius|Ask yourself, if there was to be no blame, and if there was to be no praise, who would I be then?
Matthew Quick, The Silver Linings Playbook|Of course I began to see Nikki, which was strange because I was staring into Danny's eyes, and Danny is a six-foot-three black man who looks nothing like my ex-wife.
M.T. Dismuke|The Zen Monk Kyō Has Changed His Name to Mujū Dōryū. I Wrote This Verse to Celebrate The Great Prospects That Lie Before HimUnwillingness to remain in the ruts of former Buddha patriarchs Unsurpassed aspiration and fierce passion to achieve the Way These are precisely the qualities found in a true Zen monk Attained the very moment you "have been there and back.
Albert Einstein|Basically, to lead without a title is to derive your power within the organisation not from your position but from your competence, effectiveness, relationships, excellence, innovation and ethics.
Frederick Weisel, Teller|Of course, when you fall out of love, it’s rarely about just one failure or one betrayal, is it? . . . How does it happen? All those things you once loved about each other are replaced by other things that remind you of something you hate until you’re always setting each other off, and what you share is a battleground. In the end, the failure turns out to be less about sex—which surprises most men—and more about loss of respect. One morning your partner looks at you across the bed and wonders at the waywardness of her own heart—how, she asks herself, can she feel such disdain for someone she once felt such love?
Janet Frame, Faces in the Water|Centering, however, is easier said than done. This I learned from a ceramics class I once took. The teacher made throwing a pot look easy, but the thing is, it takes lots of precision and skill. You slam the ball of clay down in the absolute center of the pottery wheel, and with steady hands you push your thumb into the middle of it, spreading it wider a fraction of an inch at a time. But every single time I tried to do it, I only got so far before my pot warped out of balance, and every attempt to fix it just made it worse, until the lip shredded, the sides collapsed, and I was left with what the teacher called “a mystery ashtray,” which got hurled back into the clay bucket. So what happens when your universe begins to get off balance, and you don’t have any experience with bringing it back to center? All you can do is fight a losing battle, waiting for those walls to collapse, and your life to become one huge mystery ashtray.
Bianca Giovanni, Revealed|So damn pigheaded. I’ve studied you, not to report you, Caspar, but because I want a relationship with you.
E.A. Bucchianeri|... The Book is more important than your plans for it. You have to go with what works for The Book ~ if your ideas appear hollow or forced when they are put on paper, chop them, erase them, pulverise them and start again. Don't whine when things are not going your way, because they are going the right way for The Book, which is more important. The show must go on, and so must The Book.
Mehmet Murat ildan, Galileo Galilei|The ‘stream’ we call science always flows forward; sometimes reactionary beavers block its flow, but the stream is never defeated by this; it accumulates, gathers strength; its waters get over the barrage and continue on their course. The advancement of science is the advancement of God, for science is nothing but human intelligence, and human intelligence is the most valuable treasure God has bequeathed us.
|You have to get busy with taking consistent actions instead of always living in fears and doubting your abilities. There is absolutely nothing less about you, so why dare to settle for less?
Theresa Lewis|Writing is Amazing!When I write I am empowered by my thoughts, entertained by my imagination, and enlightened by my wisdom.
Anamika Mishra, VoiceMates - A Novel|There's something about each of my books that I'm really proud of, and there's something about each of my books that I cringe over.
Jan Morris, Wales: The First Place|Why only one song, one speech, one text at a time?" - "When Our Lips Speak Together
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Rights’ are ‘privileges,’ and if I am arrogant enough to demand the former without respecting the latter I will lose both.
Molly Caldwell Crosby, The American Plague: The Untold Story of Yellow Fever, the Epidemic that Shaped Our History|Old age is catching up with me, or am I catching up with it?
Shannon L. Alder, 300 Questions to Ask Your Parents Before It's Too Late|It is not what you leave to your children that matters, but what you leave in them.
NeNe Leakes|Whatever success I may have attained is due to the fact that since I was old enough to work at all, my ambition has never deserted me.
Ray Kurzweil|In effect, the Internet is a global connection of interconnected computers. It has been described as truly a peer-to-peer system with many distributed nodes and no central point of control architecture.
Arjun Rampal|In mainstream romantic comedies, I'm usually tearing my hair out. It's just a devastatingly difficult genre for me.
Andrew Solomon, Far from the Tree: Parents, Children, and the Search for Identity|I've found what makes children happy doesn't always prepare them to be courageous, engaged adults.
Chanda Hahn, The Silver Siren|Just as I’m about to pull him closer to deepen the kiss, he breaks away. “I shouldn’t kiss you when you’ve been crying.” “Yes, you should.” “Yes, I should.
Aditya Ajmera|In success, people see only the product. But they do not know the details of the process.
Cristen Rodgers|Solitude is an unmarked place beyond the borders of the map, a place where most fear to tread. It’s no surprise, then, that this is where the greatest secrets and most valuable treasures are hidden.
Katee Sackhoff|Let me put it this way: when I read, I learned the world was not as small as my house. And that everybody in my home town was not representative of the way people in the world were raised. And that was what saved me.
Timi Nadela, Get To The Top|Success doesn't happen overnight. It takes hard work, dedication and keep your eyes on the prize. Don't look back.
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|I believe everything you say," Tessa said with a smile, her hands creeping down from his waist to his weapons belt. Her fingers closed on the hilt of a dagger, and she yanked it from the belt, smiling as he looked down at her in surprise. She kissed his cheek and stepped back. "After all," she said, "you weren't lying about that tattoo of the dragon of Wales, were you?
Brooke Hayward, Haywire|I can turn every "is" into "ought ".
Emma Richler, Be My Wolff|Love. Yes. That’s what I feel for you. Your smile makes me happy and your pain makes me hurt with you. Your unhappiness makes me unhappy. Your body makes me ache and you make me hard with need to be inside you. You are always on my mind and when I am not with you, I want you with me.
Daniil Kharms, Today I Wrote Nothing: The Selected Writings|There lived a redheaded man who had no eyes or ears. He didn’t have hair either, so he was called a redhead arbitrarily. He couldn’t talk because he had no mouth. He had no nose either. He didn’t even have arms or legs. He had no stomach, he had no back, he had no spine, and he had no innards at all. He didn’t have anything. So we don’t even know who we’re talking about. It’s better that we don’t talk about him any more.
Michael  Grant, Fear|Hi, Albert,” Quinn called back. He seemed distracted. And Albert was sure that he’d seen Quinn motion for someone to stay down.“How long is this supposed to go on?” Albert asked.“Until we get justice,” Quinn said.“Justice? People have been waiting for justice since the dinosaurs.”Quinn said nothing and Albert cursed himself for indulging in sarcasm. “What is it you want, Quinn? I mean in practical terms.”“We want Penny gone,” Quinn said.“I can’t afford to pay you any more,” Albert shouted back.“I didn’t say anything about money,” Quinn said, sounding puzzled.“Yeah, I know: justice. Usually what people really want is money. So why don’t we get down to it?”“Penny,” Quinn said. “She leaves town. She stays gone. When that happens we fish. Until it happens, we sit.” He sat down as if to emphasize his point.
Jim Caple|In sport the mind serves as the acolyte and apprentice of the body. Nothing interferes with the flow of the game more than the athlete who obsesses about his every move on the court. You move, you react, you recover, you drive, and the thinking is seamless and invisible in the secret codes of your game.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|I know that I shall die struggling for breath, and I know that I shall be horribly afraid. I know that I shall not be able to keep myself from regretting bitterly the life that has brought me to such a pass; but I disown that regret. I now, weak, old, diseased, poor, dying, hold still my soul in my hands, and I regret nothing.
Bidemi Mark-Mordi|Guilt, fear, sin, doubt. Guilt, fear, sin, doubt. Guilt, fear, sin, doubt. That’s what religion is all about.
Addison Killebrew|We cherish reprobates, not for their cruelty, but for their little show of patronage.
Rusted Root|I'm a super hero, too, underneath my sweater.
Carolyn Lee Adams, Ruthless|When he unleashes on her everything falls together. Like a crick in the neck snapped into place, the boy's brain pops and is put right. It is a beautiful undoing, a beautiful becoming. He doesn't stop to think about it when the punches follow her down to the ground. He doesn't stop to notice when she goes still or when the pool of blood under her head pillows out into a great, liquid heart. He doesn't stop until he's pulled off her and he doesn't start to think again until that night, when he's back at home. For hours and hours his brain stays beautifully popped into place.
Robert Goddard|Photographs don’t discriminate between the living and the dead. In the fragments of time and shards of light that compose them, everyone is equal. Now you see us; now you don’t. It doesn’t matter whether you look through a camera lens and press the shutter. It doesn’t even matter whether you open your eyes or close them. The pictures are always there. And so are the people in them.
Brad Thor|I'm actually a perpetual 13-year-old. I've never advanced beyond 13. Every day, tomorrow is my 14th birthday. That's my kind of humor.
Renee Ahdieh, The Wrath and the Dawn|In what world did you think you could get away with this?" Jalal seethed. "To my cousin? To my family?" His gleaming hilt continued its punishing onslaught.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Humility is the greatest shaper of souls and crafter of character, for it wipes away all the grandiose things that we spend so much of our lives pretending to be, so that we can spend all of our lives being the exceptional person that we were actually created to be.
Anne Rampling, Belinda|Thank you for letting me hijack your wish', I said.'Thank you for wearing that dress which is like whoa," he said.
N.R. Walker, Spencer Cohen, Book Two|And without my consent, with my defences in ruins, while my brain was sleeping, my stupid heart went and fell headfirst into love.
C.F.W. Walther, Law & Gospel: How to Read and Apply the Bible: A Reader's Edition|...according to God's Word, we should not give a singe drop of evangelical consolation to those who are still living in sin. ON THE OTHER HAND, we should not address the slightest threat or rebuke to the broken hearted--but only promises delivering consolation and grace, forgiveness of sin and righteousness. Life and salvation.
Bryant McGill|With God, all things are possible- including, dominating adulthood, swimming upstream for life, and living in light of eternity in a world that tells you all you can do is live for the moment.
Michael Bassey Johnson|You think it's all obvious and straightforward, this world. But really, it's all in who is doing the looking.
Charles Simic, The World Doesn't End|I love America," he'd tell us. We were going to make a million dollars manufacturing objects we had seen in dreams that night.
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|You’d better not be messing with me. I like you, but if you’re feeding me a load of shit just to get some action, I’m going to plug a big silver stake right through your heart.(Cat)
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|...do we realize that this cheap grace has turned back upon us like a boomerang? The price we are having to pay today in the shape of the collapse of the organized Church is only the inevitable consequence of our policy of making grace available to all at too low a cost. We gave away the word and sacraments wholesale, we baptized, confirmed, and absolved a whole nation unasked and without condition. Our humanitarian sentiment made us give that which was holy to the scornful and unbelieving. We poured forth unending streams of grace. But the call to follow Jesus in the narrow way was hardly ever heard. Where were those truths which impelled the early Church to institute the catechumenate, which enabled a strict watch to be kept over the frontier between the Church and the world, and afforded adequate protection for costly grace? What had happened to all those warnings of Luther's against preaching the gospel in such a manner as to make men rest secure in their ungodly living? Was there ever a more terrible or disastrous instance of the Christianizing of the world than this? What are those three thousand Saxons put to death by Charlemagne compared with the millions of spiritual corpses in our country today? With us it has been abundantly proved that the sins of the fathers are visited upon the children unto the third and fourth generations. Cheap grace has turned out to be utterly merciless to our Evangelical church.
Carrie Underwood|If you're looking to be loved for a part, it's great and enticing to be adorable in a romantic comedy. But then, as an actor, you get stuck.
Rachel Kushner|I do have a responsibility, but I would make the most boring films in the world if I woke up every morning worrying about my social responsibility.
Velma Wallis, Two Old Women: An Alaskan Legend of Betrayal, Courage and Survival|There were two choices in life. Survive or succumb. And most people weren’t even conscious of the path they chose. Because they chose for all the wrong reasons. Love, principles, dreams, desire. The world hadn’t changed. It had always been survival of the fittest.
Trey Songz|After Apollo 17, America stopped looking towards the next horizon. The United States had become a space-faring nation, but threw it away. We have sacrificed space exploration for space exploitation, which is interesting but scarcely visionary.
C. JoyBell C.|I am my own biggest critic. Before anyone else has criticized me, I have already criticized myself. But for the rest of my life, I am going to be with me and I don't want to spend my life with someone who is always critical. So I am going to stop being my own critic. It's high time that I accept all the great things about me.
Muddy Waters|When I was five years old, my parents gave me a drum set for Christmas. My mom played the piano, and Dad played the saxophone badly. But that Christmas morning, I remember we all played together, and I thought it was the greatest day ever.
Jamie Dimon|We designed a number of features from the ground up, like custom display and optics technology with very high refresh rates and pixel density. We added integrated 3-D audio, a built-in microphone so you can speak to friends inside virtual worlds, and precise mechanical adjustment systems.
Catherynne M. Valente, Under in the Mere|Abram: .. One [Sentient] often believes it best to choose the higher path over the companionship of another. But, this circumstance draws to mind a point which Seers might forget to easily.Lily: What's
Ashwin Sanghi|Yes, 'Aagadu' was a failure. I was dejected for a couple of months, since there was a lot at stake.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|Most of the things that go wrongin life don’t have a lasting impact.Remind yourself that if it won’tmatter in ten years’ time,it doesn’t matter today.
Steve Earle|Country music especially can get very formulaic - you know, you have to have your verses and a bridge and a chorus, and a lot of the songs are written as just plain and simple poetry on the road.
Peter Carlaftes|Life was messy, filled with countless worries, questions—what ifs. The real question was not how a person conquered the what ifs, but how one learned to live in spite of them—even when faced with the reality that the answers weren’t always pretty.
Parker J. Palmer, The Courage to Teach: Exploring the Inner Landscape of a Teacher's Life|Science requires an engagement with the world, a live encounter between the knower and the known.
Gediminas T. Jankunas, The Dictatorship of Relativism: Pope Benedict XVI's Response|I am a Jewish mother. My dying words will be, “Put a jumper on
Joann I. Martin Sowles|He wondered if perhaps, subconsciously, he was trying to sabotage her efforts by setting the bar too high, trying to keep her with him longer; but surely his subconscious wasn't that stupid?
Margaret Mitchell|This is what happens when you look back to happiness, this pain, this heart-break, this discontent
Danu Morrigan, You're Not Crazy - It's Your Mother! Understanding and Healing for Daughters of Narcissistic Mothers|When you‟re taught from birth that you don‟t matter in any way, that your wants and even needs are irrelevant, then of course you‟ll struggle to value yourself.
Hilary Duff|People are going to say what they want to say and think what they want to think, and I can't change their minds.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|We always feel the brunt of the blow dealt to us, but hardly ever do we feel the impact we have on others. Why is that?
Adam Smith|A multicultural society does not reject the culture of the other but is prepared to listen, to see, to dialogue and, in the final analysis, to possibly accept the other's culture without compromising its own.
Keri Wyatt Kent, Deeper into the Word: Reflections on 100 Words From the New Testament|But in every church there are people who, for reasons which seem sufficient to them, do not approve of their pastor and seek to harry him and bully him into some condition pleasing to themselves. The democracy which the Reformation brought into the Christian Church rages in their bosoms like a fire; they would deny that they regard their clergyman as their spiritual hired hand, whom they boss and oversee for his own good, but that is certainly the impression they give to observers.
Philip K. Dick, Radio Free Albemuth|They’re only askin’ you to do one thing. From what Rogue says, you ain’t exactly reluctant.”“F**k myself into a coma. Sure, I can do that. Then what?”“Uh, wait an hour?
Kathleen Norris, The Quotidian Mysteries: Laundry, Liturgy and Women's Work|What we perceive as dejection over the futility of life is sometimes greed, which the monastic tradition perceives as rooted in a fear of being vulnerable in a future old age, so that one hoards possessions in the present. But most often our depression is unexpressed anger, and it manifests itself as the sloth of disobedience, a refusal to keep up the daily practices that would keep us in good relationship to God and to each other. For when people allow anger to build up inside, they begin to perform daily tasks resentfully, focusing on the others as the source of their troubles. Instead of looking inward to find the true reason for their sadness - with me , it is usually a fear of losing an illusory control - they direct it outward, barreling through the world, impatient and even brutal with those they encounter, especially those who are closest to them.
Alice Walker, Horses Make a Landscape Look More Beautiful: Poems|If this were a courageous country,it would ask Gloria to lead itsince she is sane and funny and beautiful and smartand the National Leaders we've always hadare not.When I listen to her talk about women's rightschildren's rightsmen's rightsI think of the long line of Americans who should have been president, but weren't.Imagine Crazy Horse as president. Sojourner Truth.John Brown. Harriet Tubman. Black Elk or Geronimo.Imagine President Martin Luther King confrontingthe youthful "Oppie" Oppenheimer. Imagine PresidentMalcolm X going after the Klan. Imagine President StevieWonder dealing with the "Truly Needy."Imagine President Shirley Chisholm, Ron Dellums, orSweet Honey in the Rockdealing with Anything.It is imagining to make us weep with frustration,as we languish under real estate dealers, killers, and bad actors.
Joyce Meyer|Are you living up to your potential? God made you with potential - potential for greatness! If you do what you can do, and trust Him to do what you can't, you will grow into the person He gave you the potential to be!
Mani S. Sivasubramanian, How To Focus - Stop Procrastinating, Improve Your Concentration & Get Things Done - Easily!|Sure, zombies can “be a metaphor.” They can represent the oppressed, as in Land of the Dead, or humanity’s feral nature, as in 28 Days. Or racial politics or fear of contagion or even the consumer unconscious (Night of the Living Dead, Resident Evil, Dawn of the Dead). We could play this game all night.But really, zombies are not “supposed to be metaphors.” They’re supposed to be friggin’ zombies. They follow the Zombie Rules: they rise from death to eat the flesh of the living, they shuffle in slow pursuit (or should, anyway), and most important, they multiply exponentially. They bring civilization down, taking all but the most resourceful, lucky and well-armed among us, whom they save for last. They make us the hunted; all of us.That’s the stuff zombies are supposed to do. Yes, they make excellent symbols, and metaphors, and have kick-ass mythopoeic resonance to boot. But their main job is to follow genre conventions, to play with and expand the Zombie Rules, to make us begin to see the world as a place colored by our own zombie contingency plans.
G. Ernest Smith|There's a lot going on in Marquis' book, as the author smartly builds off a solid premise...A fresh concept and protagonist that breathe life into a conventional but exciting actioner."--Kirkus Reviews
Mary E. DeMuth, Everything: What You Give and What You Gain to Become Like Jesus|We don’t like death. We’d rather produce seeds another way. But death to ourselves, our agendas, our expectations, our hopes is necessary to find deep joy that comes when we fully relinquish ourselves to the gospel.
Kate Kerrigan, Recipes for a Perfect Marriage|Realistically, it's a risk, I suppose, but in this day and age, you almost have to choose between freedom, which can devolve into chaos, and security, which can become a pair of shackles.
Rhonda Hughe St. John, Soul Chaser: In the Mortal and Immortal Souls Series 1|When we surrender completely to our Higher Self and we remember that we are Divine Beings, that we are Human Angels, the illusion of having limits vanishes and everything, including miracles, becomes possible in the name of Love.
Ashlee Simpson|The more one does and sees and feels, the more one is able to do, and the more genuine may be one's appreciation of fundamental things like home, and love, and understanding companionship.
Robert Pinsky|I've always written. There's a journal which I kept from about 9 years old. The man who gave it to me lived across the street from the store and kept it when my grandmother's papers were destroyed. I'd written some essays. I loved poetry, still do. But I really, really loved it then.
Libba Bray, Going Bovine|It is our suffering that brings us together. It is not love. Love does not obey the mind, and turns to hate when forced. The bond that binds us is beyond choice. We are brothers. We are brothers in what we share. In pain, which each of us must suffer alone, in hunger, in poverty, in hope, we know our brotherhood. We know it, because we have had to learn it. We know that there is no help for us but from one another, that no hand will save us if we do not reach out our hand. And the hand that you reach out is empty, as mine is. You have nothing. You possess nothing. You own nothing. You are free. All you have is what you are, and what you give.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Peach Keeper|Maybe he was overwhelmed, like I am overwhelmed, by that mysterious intersection where love meets luck, where fate meets will. Because he'd been waiting for her. And there she was.
Jennifer DeLucy|It occurred to me to look up and around at the stars in the clear sky, at the trees in the dark, at the half moon. I was missing them because I was caught in my head. I wasn't living right now. I was thinking to the future, to the past. I wasn't present. This is one of my greatest weaknesses, and one I have a greater realization of, only because I allowed some of my past to die so that my present could rush in to fill it.
Lenny Bruce|The only honest art form is laughter, comedy. You can't fake it...try to fake three laughs in an hour -- ha ha ha ha ha -- they'll take you away, man. You can't.
Tayyab Nawaz Sulehri|your wealth and so called status can not earn real respect for you in the society , if you are characterless (have no purity).
Glenda Millard, A Small Free Kiss in the Dark|I’m lonely, and he can see it. Maybe everyone can see it.
John Jakes|What you say and how you look does not define who you are,because some of the most beautiful people do the ugliest things.You owe it to the people who hate you, who disrespect you and who put you down,because they’re the ones who have made you who you are today,for keeping your head up and not breaking down when they want you to.
Atal Bihari Vajpayee|There is a mutual interest between Israel and the United States of America. It is more than friendship - it is friendship plus mutual interest, and it is bipartisan.
Cheryl Barker, Mother of the Bride: Refreshment and Wisdom for the Mother of the Bride|You’ve spent her whole life holding her. Whether cradled in your arms as a baby or wrapped in your embrace as a young woman, she’s been yours to have and to hold, Mother of the Bride—until now. Now the time has come to let her go, to let herbegin her own family and pledge her allegiance to another.
Baba Tunde Ojo-Olubiyo|I'm lazy, I like to do it right the first time.
Isabel Allende, Portrait in Sepia|Mediante la fotografía y la palabra escrita intento desesperadamente vencer la condición fugaz de mi existencia, atrapar los momentos antes de que se desvanezcan, despejar la confusión de mi pasado.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|We all have to love you, and believe inyou, and think you are looking out for our best interests. But look at us, Momma, and really see us.
Levon Peter Poe|It is in difficult times we must remember that whatever burden we carry,it can make us stronger and build more character in us.We don’t grow from an easy life. Ease makes us like cattle sitting in the field and grazing.Existing without purpose or drive or desire.When pain or complications come to us, that is when we must become ALIVE.Our intellects begin to function at full power.We have desire and drive and acquire the power to CREATE solutions to these complications.We are no longer cattle. We stand up and become MEN of action!
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|To the Buddhist or the eastern fatalist, existence is a science or a plan, which must end up in a certain way. But to a Christian, existence is a STORY, which may end up in any way. In a thrilling novel (that purely Christian product) the hero is not eaten by cannibals; but it is essential to the existence of the thrill that he MIGHT be eaten by cannibals. The hero must (so to speak) be an eatable hero. So Christian morals have always said to the man, not that he would lose his soul, but that he must take care that he didn't. In Christian morals, in short, it is wicked to call a man "damned": but it is strictly religious and philosophic to call him damnable.All Christianity concentrates on the man at the cross-roads. The vast and shallow philosophies, the huge syntheses of humbug, all talk about ages and evolution and ultimate developments. The true philosophy is concerned with the instant. Will a man take this road or that? - that is the only thing to think about, if you enjoy thinking.
|It is impossible not to live miserably if one chooses to frequently focus on one's disappointments, mistakes, failures, weaknesses, difficulties, and people's negative opinions.
Timothy J. Keller, The Reason for God: Belief in an Age of Skepticism|Like it or not, it's the society we live in. Even the standard of right and wrong has been subdivided, made sophisticated. Within good, there's fashionable good and unfashionable good, and ditto for bad. Within fashionable good, there's formal and then there's casual; there's hip, there's cool, there's trendy, there's snobbish. Mix 'n' match.
Armin Navabi, Why There Is No God: Simple Responses to 20 Common Arguments for the Existence of God|Scriptures may have grains of historical truth within them, but there is also ample hyperbole, speculation and mythology.
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|If we could all love each and every person that crosses our path a little bit more, we could attain inner peace with the knowledge that many people on this planet would be hurting a whole lot less.
Ludwig von Mises, Liberalism|Against what is stupid, nonsensical, erroneous, and evil, [classical] liberalism fights with the weapons of the mind, and not with brute force and repression.
William Shakespeare, The Tempest|We are such stuff as dreams are made on, and our little life is rounded with a sleep.
Zlata Filipović, Stolen Voices: Young People's War Diaries, from World War I to Iraq|It (politician) wants to separate them. And to do so it has chosen the worst, blackest pencil of all - the pencil of war, which spells only misery and death.
Karen A. Baquiran|There is a deeper reason why the café was so precious to this town. And this deeper reason has to do with a certain pride that had not hitherto been known in these parts. To understand this new pride the cheapness of human life must be kept in mind. There were always plenty of people clustered around a mill – but it was seldom that every family had enough meal, garments, and fat back to go the rounds. Life could become one long dim scramble just to get the things needed to keep alive. And the confusing point is this: All useful things have a price, and are bought only with money, as that is the way the world is run. You know without having to reason about it the price of a bale of cotton, or a quart of molasses. But no value has been put on human life; it is given to us free and taken without being paid for. What is it worth? If you look around, at times the value may seem to be little or nothing at all. Often after you have sweated and tried and things are not better for you, there comes a feeling deep down in the soul that you are not worth much.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|No one can foretell the details in a day, we can only hope.
Robyn Davidson|If you know your life chances are greatly reduced, should you be in a position to take out life insurance if that knowledge is not available to the insurers?
Casi McLean|The greatest thing about dreams is they don’t expire. They can lay dormant for years and when you pull them out and dust them off, they shine like new.
Gift Gugu Mona|One day I asked God to move the mountain ahead of me, but he said no because he wanted me to experience the joy of being on a mountain top.
Pat Robertson|Animals, in their generation, are wiser than the sons of men; but their wisdom is confined to a few particulars, and lies in a very narrow compass.
Roshan Sharma|Everything that you wish to know, or desire for life, exists in you. All you have to do is take your attention inward and begin your search within.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|It is when the individual's faith is weak, not strong, that he will be afraid of an honest fictional representation of life; and when there is a tendency to compartmentalize the spiritual and make it resident in a certain type of life only, the supernatural is apt gradually to be lost.
Ashraf Barhom|Mass communication, radio, and especially television, have attempted, not without success, to annihilate every possibility of solitude and reflection.
Thomas Mann, Doctor Faustus|This old, folkish layer survives in us all, and to speak as I really think, I do not consider religion the most adequate means of keeping it under lock and key. For that, literature alone avails, humanistic science, the ideal of the free and beautiful human being.
Barack Obama, Dreams from My Father: A Story of Race and Inheritance|Now get the fuck up off the ground so I can put you in it... like a coffin. Because you'll be fucking dead after I kill you, you fucking asshole.
Jean Elson, Gross Misbehavior and Wickedness: A Notorious Divorce in Early Twentieth-Century America|Nina could scarcely believe a house could be as quiet as the one on Washington Street. Although there were moments when she missed her children, her main response to living apart from her husband was relief…[H]er current solitude was not just a respite, it was a time to contemplate her future options. Nina marveled that she had choices to consider.
Carrie Ann Ryan, Prowled Darkness|He kissed her softly. "I think we both need time to get to know one another before we make love again. I don't want to rush things.""But mating us so we're connected for all eternity isn't rushing things?
Tamara L. Chilver|[Put] on your oxygen mask first. We cannot give our children something we don't have ourselves. I encourage you to make a commitment to having a quiet time with God every day. This may involve some sacrifices, such as waking up ten minutes earlier, turning off the morning news for a few minutes, or finding time alone, but I can promise that the results will be worth it.
Adyashanti, The Way of Liberation|Experience is a master teacher, even when it’s not our own.
B. Dave Walters|I'm not saying it's going to be easy; I'm saying it's going to be worth it. If it was easy, you would've done it by now
James B. Stockdale|Aw, you goddammed bastards! They're shootin' him while he's down! Son of a bitch!"The ship stopped moving, and Alex said in a quiet voice, "Suck on this, asshole."The ship vibrated for half a second, then paused before continuing toward the lock."Point defense cannons?" Holden asked."Summary roadside justice," Alex grunted back.
Roger Schank|Certain things need to be done again and again in life, but those things can be learned only in context, not as an abstraction. Different contexts must be provided in order to motivate students and to provide real world skills that will be remembered, not because they were studied and tested but because they were practicied again and again.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A person devoted to attaining self-realization would be foolish to ignore the well-intended advice of people whom care about them. Although it is essential for each of us to seek individual growth, other people can offer astute personal observations that might otherwise elude us.
Lydia Zinovieva-Annibal, The Silver Age of Russian Culture: An Anthology|It's good to be mad for someone, but that's great if you are made for same one.
Ellen J. Barrier|People who like their job will give it their best. Those who don't, show it by a poor performance.
Margot Robbie|I'm very happy to be part of a generation where you don't have to say that you're gay. It's just like, 'I'm dating a dude,' or, 'I'm dating a girl,' and I love it. I think it's a great time.
Vicki Pettersson, The Taken|It's a very old word, it means 'to breathe into.' That's how it works: An angel breathes into men and shows us what to play, what to draw. How to find the truth of who we are and why we are here.
Rachel Caine, Fade Out|Sure,” she said, and hugged the laptop bag closer. “What could go wrong?”Michael’s eyes flashed to meet hers in the rearview mirror.Besides everything, I mean,” she said.
Rati Tsiteladze|Turning your back on nothing and walking away is not disloyal, it's self respect.
Samantha Chase, Always My Girl|With her hands still fisted in his shirt, she gave a gentle tug until he bent enough that she could kiss him softly. And then not so softly.“What was that for?” he asked when she pulled free, his voice sexy low and gruff now.“For being the kind of guy who can admit he has emotions.”He cupped her face. “We don’t have to tell anyone, right?”She smiled. “It’ll be our secret.” But then her smile faded because she wasn’t good at secrets.Or maybe she was too good at them . . . “I’m not helpless,” she said. “I want you to know that.”“I do know it.” He paused, looking a little irritated again. “Mostly.”“Good,” she said. “Now that’s settled, you should know, the caveman thing you just pulled . . . it turned me on a little bit.”He slid her a look. “Yeah?”“Yeah.”Looking a little less like he was spoiling for a fight, his hands went to her hips and he pulled her in tighter.What the hell was she doing? Clearly, she wasn’t equipped to stay strong, and who could? The guy was just too damn potent. Too visceral. Testosterone and pheromones leaked off of him. She dropped her head to his chest. “Ugh. You’re being . . . you.”“Was that in English?”“This is all your fault.”“Nope. Definitely not English.”“You’re being all hot and sexy, dammit,” she said. She banged her head on his chest a few times. “And I can’t seem to . . . not notice said hotness and sexiness.”He smiled. “You want me again.”Again. Still . . . She tossed up her hands. “You wear your stupid sexiness on your sleeve and you don’t even know it.
Winston Groom, Forrest Gump|There was some people hurt far worst than I was in that hospital, let me tell you. Poor old boys with arms and legs and hands and who knows what else missing. Boys what had been shot in their stomach and chests and faces. At night the place sound like a torture chamber - them fellers be howling and crying and calling for their mamas.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Crack-Up|Trouble has no necessary connection with discouragement --discouragement has a germ of its own, as different from trouble as arthritis is different from a stiff joint.
Nancy B. Brewer|The sun had just slipped behind the trees and evening cast its dark, smoky shadow.
Simon Holt, Soulstice|It was safe to assume he'd not only read the play but then re-read it, cross-referenced the annotations, and probably joined an online chat group called Buds of the Bard or something equally nerdy
Fredrik Backman, My Grandmother Asked Me to Tell You She's Sorry|Until there are so many of them that no one dares to chase them anymore. Until they're an army in themselves. Because if a sufficient number of people are different, no one has to be normal.
Hope Solo|Respect your parents. What they tell you is true. Hard work, dedication and faith will get you anything. Imagination will drive itself. You can get anything you want, but you have to have faith behind all your ideas. Stick to your goals and have an undying faith.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|Visit Ayurvedaforall which is the best online portal to the USA’s leading Ayurveda online portal in the provision of healthcare and related products. Here you can get addyzoa herbal capsules used to improve Sperm Count, Male Sexual Desire, Sperms Shape & Size.
Lauren   Miller, Parallel|The delicious, semiconscious, edge-of-wonderland kind of sleep, where I'm awake enough to control my dreams but asleep enough to forget that I'm doing it.
Neil Gaiman, The Doll's House|The only reason people die, is because EVERYONE does it. You all just go along with it.It's RUBBISH, death. It's STUPID. I don't want nothing to do with it.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Trust me. In a very short time, you will become sought out by those in your network. Initially for your sound advice, but soon after as a provider of service. Few people seek advice about a subject that doesn’t require a solution.
Louis L'Amour, The Walking Drum|Evil comes often to a man with money; tyranny comes surely to him without it. I say this, who am Mathurin Kerbouchard, a homeless wanderer upon the earth's far roads. I speak as one who has known hunger and feast, poverty and riches, the glory of the sword and the humility of the defenseless. Hunger inspires no talent, and carried too far, it deadens the faculties and destroys initiative...
Jesmyn Ward, Carol Anderson|I don't like the way our community throws the word around like it's water, because it's a derogatory term. A lot of times people come up to me and say, "What's up my nigger?" I'll respond, "Nah, wait a minute. What?" "Oh, oh, what's up my brother?" Sometimes you have to check people, because if it gets loose with us then white people will start to use it. I know a bunch of white people that started to get lax so I had to check them. Some black people were afraid to check them because they thought it was cool. You can never turn that word around and make it cool Nigger is just derogatory, it's wrong, and it's a fucked up term. It's not a word of love, Yo, what's up my nigger?" Fuck that. You can't turn the word puss around. Go around and say, "What's up pussy" to a brother. He'll try to kill you. "What's up dickhead?" You can't turn that around, so you can't turn nigger around as hard as you try.
William Goldman, William Goldman: Four Screenplays with Essays|Life is pain, highness. Anyone who says differently is selling something.
Zack Love, Stories and Scripts: an Anthology|In some mystical way, Lenny seemed to ennoble work more than anyone I had ever met"Also in "Stories and Scripts:an Anthology
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, Sprout of Disruption|Your eyes betray a sadness that only a worthy man can conjure, but never solve
Kabelo Mabona|My trials may not be as hard as yours or as painful as yours but hey, I've gone through tough times as well! And yes God's love may be invisible, but I know the wonder of invisible Love... God is the Greatest!
Whitney Otto, How to Make an American Quilt|The worst dream of the night, when you are parted from someone you love and you do not know exactly where he is, but you know that he is in the presence of danger. You are tormented by a desire to keep the one you love safe.
Kate Bolick, Spinster: Making a Life of One's Own|The question I’d long posed to myself—whether to be married or to be single—is a false binary. The space in which I’ve always wanted to live—indeed, where I have spend my adulthood—isn’t between those two poles, but beyond it. The choice between being married versus being single doesn’t even belong here in the twenty-first century.
Oscar Wilde, De Profundis|Every single human being should be the fulfilment of a prophecy: for every human being should be the realisation of some ideal, either in the mind of God or in the mind of man.
Henry Fielding, Joseph Andrews|...the pleasures of the world are chiefly folly, and the business of it mostly knavery, and both nothing better than vanity; the men of pleasure tearing one another to pieces from the emulation of spending money, and the men of business from envy in getting it.
Tana French, In the Woods|This is one of the most important moments in your life. Nothing will ever be the same. We might get rich. We might get killed. We might just have an adventure or lean something. But we have been changed. We are standing close the Heraclitean fire, feeling its heat on our faces.
S.L.  Mills, GOM's Gold|We would learn as much as we could, be as honourable as we could, be as courageous as we could, and be as happy as we could.
Ashley Montagu|Unfortunately, we-especially in the United States-have become increasingly mechanized, so that today we feel very strongly that if we can take anything out of human hands and especially out of the human heart and put it through a machine, we have made progress. Indeed, we flatter ourselves that we can make machines that think like human beings, while not always pausing to reflect that in the process we have also succeeded in making millions of human beings who can feel and think like machines. It is a sorry reflection.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Dads. Do you not realize that a child is what you tell them they are? That people almost always become what they are labeled? Was whatever your child just did really the “dumbest thing you’ve ever seen somebody do”? Was it really the “most ridiculous thing they ever could have done”? Do you really believe that your child is an idiot? Because she now does. Think about that. Because you said it, she now believes it. Bravo.
Jasmine Warga, My Heart and Other Black Holes|I can feel everything. And I want to keep feeling everything. Even the painful, awful, terrible things. Because feeling things is what lets us know that we're alive.
Erin Bowman, Forged|Truth is, if someone doesn't see you before sex, they definitely don't see you any more after.
William Horwood|He came back to the car, long legs lifting high in the snow, and there was snow in his hair and on his eyelashes and I remembered that I love him. It felt like something breaking with a little pain and spilling warm.
Tessa Dare, Romancing the Duke|You call that begging? Oh, Kitten, you can do better than that...
Sana Krasikov|Sunset was just then settling over Red Square. There seemed some hidden vision to be gleaned. A message about man’s chaotic spirit and his sombre dignity. His dignity and his power. His power and his purpose. She was sure that there was some thread there, but the burden of decoding it made her feel too tired
shamsir alam|My dear, treacherous mother,” he breathed. “What have you done?
Emily Thorne|Revenge is never pretty and often leaves you empty.--Alexandria "Dria" McAndrews
Michael Lee West, American Pie|This is how the soul heals. it thaws out bit by bit, the way the ground warms after a hard winter. you notive the sun or hear the whippoorwill calling across the flats. You sweep your porch, go drink coffee in the shade of the trumpet vines. You have days where you want to lay down and die, but what you learn is this: As long as there's somebody left on this earth who loves you, it's reason enough to stay alive. You don't give in to your broke heart-- you just let the wide, cracked space fill up again.
Philip   Dodd, Angel War|And so it was that Michael built a brown castle on the peak of his mountain, Gabriel built a golden pyramid in the midst of his plain, saying it was both a holy temple in my praise and an edifice that would guide him on his pattern for his future work, though I knew that only he would ever understand it, to my amusement, and Raphael built a silver palace to sparkle above the trees of his forests, as his home and celestial workshop, and I was well pleased with their work, as ever it was better than what I had hoped for. "That was the First Age, the Archangel Age, long over. I can speak in much detail about each stage in my creation, and my scribes have written all my words on each stage in the books I gave to the angel courts, for study and meditation and for prayer, but such details are for my sons and daughters most interested in them, when they are of an age, with the understanding, to comprehend such things.
Daniel Yergin|I think things changed as a result of a certain perception of our politics. When we went through our zealous, self-righteous period it didn't exactly win us any friends.
Thomas A. Edison|Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it.
Maureen Brady, Beyond Survival: A Writing Journey for Healing Childhood Sexual Abuse|Sometimes we self-sabotage just when things seem to be going smoothly. Perhaps this is a way to express our fear about whether it is okay for us to have a better life. We are bound to feel anxious as we leave behind old notions of our unworthiness. The challenge is not to be fearless, but to develop strategies of acknowledging our fears and finding out how we can allay them.
Sunday Adelaja|You must learn to overcome your cowardice, and put God, His principles and the things of His kingdom, that you are called to establish, first in your life
Edwidge Danticat, The Farming of Bones|Old age is not meant to be survived alone," Man Rapadou said, her voice trailing with her own hidden thoughts. "Death should come gently, slowly, like a man's hand approaching your body. There can be joy in impatience if there is time to find the joy.
Taylor Swift, Taylor Swift|What I really want to tell him is to pick up that baby of his and hold her tight, to set the moon on the edge of her crib and to hang her name up in the stars.
David Vann, Aquarium|For him, the kampung was a place to live and work that was based on a steadfast and intimate relationship between man and nature. The village was a true reflection of life in the tropics.
Matt Micros, The Chameleon|There was always an opportunity in crisis, however desperate things seemed.
Ellen Hopkins|Love is like a wind stirring the grass beneath trees on a black night,' he had said. 'You must not try to make love definite. It is the divine accident of life. If you try to be definite and sure about it and to live beneath the trees, where soft night winds blow, the long hot day of disappointment comes swiftly and the gritty dust from passing wagons gathers upon lips inflamed and made tender by kisses.
Tegan Quin|Facing problems is like looking at a sink piled up with dirty dishes. More you think more they stink. It takes only to roll up the sleeves and start washing them, one by one. In just ten minutes they are done.
Joss Whedon|And I saw the sax line-up that he had behind him and I thought, I'm going to learn the saxophone. When I grow up, I'm going to play in his band. So I sort of persuaded my dad to get me a kind of a plastic saxophone on the hire purchase plan.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|The key to productive life is a complete care for the body, soul, spirit and mental well being.
Maurice Chevalier, Bravo Maurice!: A compilation from the autobiographical writings of Maurice Chevalier|Inspiration comes unawares, from unaccountable sources that have nothing to do with planning or intelligence. Let it cool ever so slightly, and you are left, pen or brush in hand, with no inspiration at all. Gifted people need not, therefore, make a song and dance about being or supposing themselves superior. They simply happened to be born with that fortunate, subconscious equipment of theirs, and the mystery exists independently of intelligence or ambition.
Nancy E. Turner, These Is My Words: The Diary of Sarah Agnes Prine, 1881-1901|[Children] just cannot be sad too long, it is not in them, as children mourn in little bits here and there like patchwork in their lives.
Henry James, Views and Reviews|Those who write ill, and they who ne'er durst write,Turn critics out of mere revenge and spite.
Thrity Umrigar, The Space Between Us|Don’t become manipulated by the illusion of who you think you are, or who you think you should be.
Elizabeth Peters, He Shall Thunder in the Sky|Rather than feeling vindicated, I felt guilty. It seemed cruel, and all my fault, somehow. My relationship with my mother had always brought into question any sense I had of myself as a good and decent person. [p. 128]
Craig Keen, After Crucifixion: The Promise of Theology|There is not a point that needs to be dwelt upon more earnestly, repeated more frequently, or established more firmly in the minds of all than the impossibility of fallen man meriting anything by his own best good works. Salvation is through faith in Jesus Christ alone.
C. JoyBell C.|In trying so hard to win, we have instead become exactly like those whom we hate. The key is to know that there is no need to exert an effort to win; for we were already winners in the beginning when we were not like them. It's when we try so hard to overcome them that we become like them, without realizing that we were already victors in the very beginning.
Ashok Ferrey, The Good Little Ceylonese Girl|In Sri Lanka, the people you lived amongst, the people you went to school with, the people in whose houses you ate, whose jokes you shared: these were not the people you married. Quite possibly they were not your religion. More to the point they were probably not your caste. This word with its fearsome connotations was never, hardly ever used. But it was ever present: it muddied the waters of Sri Lanka's politics, it perfumed the air of her bed-chambers; it lurked, like a particularly noxious relative, behind the poruwa of every wedding ceremony. It was the c-word. People used its synonym, its acronym, its antonym-indeed any other nym that came to mind - in the vain hope its meaning would somehow go away. It didn't. But if the people you chose to associate with were the very ones you could not marry, then the ones you did marry were quite often people you wouldn't dream of associating with if you had any choice in the matter.
Eddie Campbell|Murder is murder,as much a curse to the slayer as to the slain, and cannot be a matter of indifference, whoever the dead may be.
Robin Sacredfire|I've helped many friends and even strangers, start successful businesses, by encouraging their ideas, reshaping such visions and giving them a clear image to hold on to. But in the end, they forget me easily. I've noticed that they rather have the ones that didn't support them around them. They prefer to forget me as fast as possible when success is acquired. And why? Because the ego is always stronger than the spirit. And the ego is ashamed to admit its defeat, to say thanks and appreciate. The weak don't know that it is the spirit that calls them for success, and not the ego. With the ego, you go nowhere. And being very religious will never help with that. Simply because God can't do much for those who are blind by their ego. And yes, I've also met many incompetent but highly religious individuals that fail in life with the grace of God, proving that the God of life and success is not the God of the fools and most selfish. This duality confuses only the most egotistical. The plans of God are so very clear that He could be dead and they would still work as I outlined here.
Marilyn Monroe|This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
Liza Featherstone, False Choices: The Faux Feminism of Hillary Rodham Clinton|A Hillary Clinton presidency would symbolically break the glass ceiling for women in the United States, but it would be unlikely to break through the military-industrial complex that has been keeping our nation in a perpetual state of war--killing people around the world, many of them women and children.
Marita Knobel, Singing Opera in Germany: A Practical Guide|So what I’m getting at is this. Okay, maybe it’s cold in the grave. Maybe you come out of the light and you think, Fuck your mother, this is bad. This is worse than anything I would have guessed. But the trick is to clench your teeth, get a running start and dive.When I hit that other country, from whose bourne no traveller back-pedals, I’m going to be moving fast. I’m gambling that the first ten seconds or so will be the worst.
Rupa Mehta, The Nalini Method: 7 Workouts for 7 Moods|I can hear the tick tick tick in my head: A tripwire ready to explode in fury. And then, in my mind, I start to count down from ten…any moment now.
Sarah Dessen, This Lullaby|There is also a tradition about Socrates. He liked walking, it is recorded, until a late hour of the evening, and when someone asked him why he did this he said he was trying to work up an appetite for his dinner.
Nenia Campbell, The Pocketbook of Sunshine and Rain|be my sonata, my cantata, my lovesing me something sweetbut not too sweet(or i may grow deaf to our harmonyas we decrescendo into silence)
William Arthur Ward|We can throw stones, complain about them, stumble on them, climb over them, or build with them.
Roshan Sharma|One of the hallmarks of great men is that they never make us conscious of their presence, instead they dwelve into our unconscious state and transform into conscious being!
Saginaw Chippewa|Blood memory is described as our ancestral (genetic) connection to our language, songs, spirituality, and teachings. It is the good feeling that we experience when we are near these things.
Robin Bielman, Worth the Risk|I don't bite, Lucy."She wanted him to. She wanted him to bite and suck and nibble and have his wicked way with her. She had a feeling he did things to a girl that made her body so turned on it took hours to turn off.
Pierre Boulle, Planet of the Apes|But once an original book has been written-and no more than one or two appear in a century-men of letters imitate it, in other words, they copy it so that hundreds of thousands of books are published on exactly the same theme, with slightly different titles and modified phraseology. This should be able to be achieved by apes, who are essentially imitators, provided, of course, that they are able to make use of language.
Ronald Reagan|Status quo, you know, is Latin for 'the mess we're in'.
Jennifer McMahon, The Winter People|You are a book being read every moment, By someone or the other, Though only in parts! But, you are extremely safe, Rather, unfortunate For no one has ever read the entire book!
Josephine Harwood, Empathy|With chemistry like theirs, this was the perfect setup for a fling...and Sherry wanted to go out on a high note."BRING ON THE ROADIE!
Leo Tolstoy|Only people who are capable of loving strongly can also suffer great sorrow, but this same necessity of loving serves to counteract their grief and heals them.
Thomas Huxley|Mixing one's wines may be a mistake, but old and new wisdom mix admirably.
Kunal Narayan Uniyal, Unanswered|It is a human propensity to refuse any change. After all, who desires to move out of their cosy caves and battle in this ever-developing world.
Daisaku Ikeda, For the Sake of Peace: A Buddhist Perspective for the 21st Century|Instead of engaging in cutthroat competition, we should strive to create value. In economic terms, this means a transition from a consumer economy - the mad rush for ownership and consumption - to a constructive economy where all human beings can participate in the act of creating lasting worth.
Robert Penn Warren, A Place to Come To|But, the stultifying lingo aside, the question I raise is a vital one for us all, we are all stuck with trying to find the meaning of our lives, and the only thing we have to work on, or with, is our past.
|The long road to success isn't meant to discourage and stress you; rather, it's only for the purpose of adding value to the prize you seek.
Brandi L. Bates, Remains To Be Seen|THE NEXT DAY WAS RAIN-SOAKED and smelled of thick sweet caramel, warm coconut and ginger. A nearby bakery fanned its daily offerings. A lapis lazuli sky was blanketed by gunmetal gray clouds as it wept crocodile tears across the parched Los Angeles landscape.When Ivy was a child and she overheard adults talking about their break-ups, in her young feeble-formed mind, she imagined it in the most literal of essences. She once heard her mother speaking of her break up with an emotionally unavailable man.She said they broke up on 69th Street. Ivy visualized her mother and that man breaking into countless fragments, like a spilled box of jigsaw pieces. And she imagined them shattered in broken shards, being blown down the pavement of 69th Street.For some reason, on the drive home from Marcel’s apartment that next morning, all Ivy could think about was her mother and that faceless man in broken pieces, perhaps some aspects of them still stuck in cracks and crevices of the sidewalk, mistaken as grit.She couldn’t get the image of Marcel having his seizure out of her mind. It left a burning sensation in the center of her chest. An incessant flame torched her lungs, chest, and even the back door of her tongue. Witnessing someone you cared about experiencing a seizure was one of those things that scribed itself indelibly on the canvas of your mind. It was gut-wrenching. Graphic and out-of-body, it was the stuff that post traumatic stress syndrome was made of.
José Saramago|Life is like that, full of words that are not worth saying or that were worth saying once but not any more, each word that we utter will take up the space of another more deserving word, not deserving in its own right, but because of the possible consequences of saying it.
Richard Corliss|Costumes say a lot about a character. When it came to 'Palo Alto,' it was important for me that the kids didn't look perfect. In most teen movies today, all of the clothes are expensive. I remember wearing a lot of dirty vintage clothes.
Walt Handelsman|When I first left university, I thought about going into the private sector. But I discovered when I went to interview that I could only have a career in the back office, or doing HR. The attitude was, 'My dear lady, you cannot possibly think about going on the board.'
John Green, Looking for Alaska|You can't keep acting like this," Lillian says, and for the first time in months, it's like she's actually trying to be nice. "Tragedy isn't this evil thing that came from outer space. It's just there, you know. Along with everything else.
Dada Bhagwan|One who experiences prasantta [blissful happiness] within, he will have prasantta [blissful happiness] externally. The mind is a mirror (reflection) for the external.
Ne-Yo|Mothers and children are human beings, and they will sometimes do the wrong thing.
Christopher Paolini, Inheritance|Go slowly, so that you do not bite your tail by accident.
|You don't have to get emotional and bitter at their negative opinions of you; instead, you have to rise to the challenge and show them that you are truly made of massive success. Vow to always push forward with faith and courage.
Rick Santorum|There is a growing literature about the multitude of journalism's problems, but most of it is concerned with the editorial side of the business, possibly because most people competent to write about journalism are not comfortable writing about finance.
Ludwig Wittgenstein|I looked at what he built, and to me it explained the stars.
Melina Marchetta, Looking for Alibrandi|A different Australia emerged in the 1950s. A multicultural one, and 30 years on we're still trying to fit in as ethnics and we're still trying to fit the ethnics in as Australians.
Emil M. Cioran, The New Gods|Somehow, the road rises up to meet you Patch, when you are ready.
Eyden I., Woman's Book: Only For Men|We spent a lot of money on buying clothes, but we spend our best times naked.
Pete Carroll|My school friends thought I was outgoing and bubbly, but that masked a lot of insecurities, and maybe that's the reason I chose drama - to build a bit of self-confidence. I had a great teacher, and I won a few speech and drama competitions and just fell in love with it.
Joseph Lewis, An Atheist Manifesto|Man's inhumanity to man will continue as long as man loves God more than he loves his fellow man. The love of God means wasted love. 'For God and Country' means a divided allegiance—a 50 per cent patriot.The most abused word in the language of man is the word 'God.' The reason for this is that it is subject to so much abuse. There is no other word in the human language that is as meaningless and incapable of explanation as is the word 'God.' It is the beginning and end of nothing. It is the Alpha and Omega of Ignorance.It has as many meanings as there are minds. And as each person has an opinion of what the word God ought to mean, it is a word without premise, without foundation, and without substance. It is without validity. It is all things to all people, and is as meaningless as it is indefinable. It is the most dangerous in the hands of the unscrupulous, and is the joker that trumps the ace. It is the poisoned word that has paralyzed the brain of man.'The fear of the Lord' is not the beginning of wisdom; on the contrary, it has made man a groveling slave; it has made raving lunatics of those who have attempted to interpret what God 'is' and what is supposed to be our 'duty' to God. It has made man prostitute the most precious things of life—it has made him sacrifice wife, and child, and home.'In the name of God' means in the name of nothing—it has caused man to be a wastrel with the precious elixir of life, because there is no God.
Timothy Snyder, Bloodlands: Europe Between Hitler and Stalin|The American and British soldiers who liberated the dying inmates from camps in Germany believed that they had discovered the horrors of Nazism. The images their photographers and cameramen captured of the corpses and the living skeletons at Bergen-Belsen and Buchenwald seemed to convey the worst crimes of Hitler...this was far from the truth. The worst was in the ruins of Warsaw, or the fields of Treblinka, or the marshes of Belarus, or the pits of Babi Yar.
Catherine Aird, Parting Breath|Sloane wasn't interested. As a police officer he was concerned with crime, not punishment.
Shawn Stewart Ruff, Finlater|See, you don't wanna be a Jew. Too much work--there's a lot of holidays but it's even more work. It's sanctioned oppression, it's God's tyranny.
Vladimir Prelog|As hardware doubles its density every 18-24 months, courtesy of Moore's Law, and as software eats the world, technology will replace a broad swathe of jobs outright - from burger-flippers to diagnosticians - and atomize many others from full-time positions into gigs performed by many fungible workers. Tech, in short, will eat jobs.
Andrew Carnegie|When fate hands us a lemon, let's try to make lemonade.
Mark Boyer|When a man loves a woman, as our old troubadours used to say, even if he has heard or seen something that puts his beloved in a bad light, he should believe neither his ears nor his eyes, he should listen to his heart alone.
Isaac of Nineveh, The Ascetical Homilies of Saint Isaac the Syrian|Do you wish to take control of your life? Begin by focusing on steering the storm, rather than where the lightening strikes.
Justina Chen, North of Beautiful|When the creative impulse sweeps over you, grab it. You grab it and honor it and use it, because momentum is a rare gift.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|There is no point in keeping vengeance or stubbornness. These things" -he sighed- "these things I so regret in my life. Pride. Vanity. Why do we do the things we do? Morrie Schwartz
Kevin DeYoung, What is the Mission of the Church?: Making sense of social justice, Shalom and the Great Commission|We’ve all heard that little woman who says, “Oh, it’s terrible what these young people do to themselves, in my lsi other drugs, is a terrible thing”.Then you look, the woman who speaks in this way: you have no eyes, no teeth, no brains, no soul, no ass, no mouth, no warmth, no spirit, nothing, just a stick… and avran made ​​you wonder how to reduce it in that state teas and pastries and the church.
Claire Scovell LaZebnik|I think films about men are often about characters who don't want to express their feelings. You're supposed to kind of admire them for not expressing their feelings. And I feel that's a bit dull. Women's stories often have stronger emotional content, which I enjoy doing. What I really love doing is mixing that with humor.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You ought to recognise your special talent, for your specific purpose.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|It's not wrong to feel sorry for yourself. Just like it's not wrong to stand in a puddle of water while the rain pours down on your head. But neither is productive, unless you enjoy feeling cold and miserable and soggy while mascara runs down your face.
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|In al-Qaeda we see a terrorist grouping with, in many ways, a medieval ideology, employing today's technology to great advantage. It works in a thoroughly modern way, virtual, amorphous, franchised and unbounded by geography. It has recruited people from all over the world. It understands the power of images, both in its campaign of terror and in its recruitment and proselytising material. It skillfully exploits the instant communications and social networking of the IT age.
Debasish Mridha|Speak with silence, listen with heart, and forgive with kindness.
Allie Everhart, Forever You|I plucked one plump black olive from the plate and put it in my mouth immediately before saying, “Well, I feel bad for you, then.”“Why’s that?”“Because I love antipasto.”“I guess I don’t understand why that’s a problem.”“Because,” I emphasized, cutting into a piece of salmon. “I don’t like to share.” I quickly slipped the smoked meat in my mouth before winking at him. His smile finally met his eyes again. “Good to know, because I’m not the sharing kind of guy either.” He winked back at me, but it was so blatantly comical that I couldn’t help the laugh that flew out of my mouth. “Something tells me you’re not talking about cured meats,” I said before slapping his hand away from my olives. “I knew you were smart.”I swallowed the olive I’d snatched from his hand and glared at him, while mouthing, “Mine.”“Funny, that’s what I was thinking, too,” he said, looking directly at me.
Hope Alcocer, Where Hope Lies|On the contrary, I think making you happy should be taken very seriously.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|As we must always remember, the most important freight that a road carries may be neither household goods, nor livestock, nor munitions of war—but ideas!
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Free your mind from the prison of your past. Time has allowed you to grow and develop into the person you're meant to be. Now, you are living a purposed filled life.
Stephen Jay Gould, Bully for Brontosaurus: Reflections in Natural History|Darwin's theory was received in Russia with profound sympathy. While in Western Europe it met firmly established old traditions which it had first to overcome, in Russia its appearance coincided with the awakening of our society after the Crimean War and here it immediately received the status of full citizenship and ever since has enjoyed widespread popularity.
Lisa Lampanelli|Being a father has fulfilled me in parts of my life that sustain me. It gives me a comfort and patience. All actors have this hole inside that they're trying to fill by performing. I'm anxious to keep creating, but I'm not so desperate any more because I have the love and support of my kids and wife.
Allison Tolman|Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what's going to happen next.
Lillian Faderman, Odd Girls and Twilight Lovers: A History of Lesbian Life in Twentieth-Century America|Wilem: 'What is the word for that here? A man who is intimate with both women and men?''Lucky?' Denna suggested. 'Tired? Ambidextrous?''Ambisextrous,' I corrected.
A.M. Willard, Heated Sweets|His eyes settled due west and gazed through the silhouetted, leaf-bare branches to the now-black rolling hills of the mountains he called home. The sun was setting on another day in Laurel Cove, though he couldn’t help but wonder what was rising on the horizon.
Patricia Grasso, Courting an Angel|Thank ye."“For what?"“For bein’ who ye are."Gabby chuckled and shook her head, saying, “And who else could I be?
Don Roff|We often wait for that knock of opportunity, though I've found it's better to just grab a chainsaw and cut open your own fucking door.
Brandon Sanderson, The Alloy of Law|While some of us act without thinking, too many of us think without acting.
Noam Chomsky, On Language|Moynihan, when he was ambassador to the United Nations, produced the same effect when he attacked the Third World. These attacks aroused great admiration here; for example, when he denounced Idi Amin of Uganda as a "racist murderer." The question is not whether Idi Amin is a racist murderer. No doubt the appellation is correct. The question is, what does it mean for Moynihan to make this accusation and for others to applaud his honesty and courage in doing so? Who is Moynihan? He served in four administrations, those of Kennedy, Johnson, Nixon, and Ford - that is to say, administrations that were guilty of racist murder on a scale undreamed of by Idi Amin. Imagine that some minor functionary of the Third Reich had correctly accused someone of being a racist murderer.
Brené Brown|It is easy to see how quickly expectations become layered, competitive and conflicting. This is how the shame web works. We have very few realistic options that allow us to meet any of these expectations. Most of the options that we do have feel like a "double bind." When Marilyn Frye describes a double bind as "a situation in which options are very limited and all of them expose us to penalty, censure or deprivation.
Rhiannon Thomas, A Wicked Thing|I admired so many things about you. Almost everything. But I don’t want to wind up like you. I don’t want to starve to death, all alone on some island inside my own head. Hopeless.
Emil M. Cioran|Like a good Indian, he knew when to talk and when to remain silent. Like a good Indian, he knew there was never a good time to talk.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|It’s easy to write a sentence, paragraph, or book. What’s difficult is writing the best sentence, paragraph, or book, you can write.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|A magician may step out without a purse, but he should never step out without a pack of playing cards.
Stephen Fry, Moab Is My Washpot|Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words will always hurt me. Bones mend and become actually stronger in the very place they were broken and where they have knitted up; mental wounds can grind and ooze for decades and be re-opened by the quietest whisper.
Raji Singh, Tales of the Fiction House|My great-great grandfather and I were the best of friends, although we never met
James D. Sass, Essays in Satanism|If you believe Might is Right, it follows that whoever cannot hold their ground does not deserve to keep it.
Kiersten White, Illusions of Fate|I don't dislike them, nor do I like them. I've never understood why one must love children simply because they are children. I don't love people because they are people; in fact, I rarely like any people at all. If a child is somehow deserving of admiration, I certainly won't deny it, but why hand it out like candy on Queen's Day?
Avery Flynn, Trouble on Tap|Maybe it's time to stop punishing yourself for past sins."	He wished it was that easy, but it wasn't. So if he was already this deep in, what was one more transgression? Snagging the hem of her tank top between two fingers, he tugged it taut. "I suppose you think you're the woman to show me the way?"	Leaning in close, she whispered into his good ear, "No one knows more about sinning than a Sweet.
Martha Hall Kelly, Lilac Girls|I walked home with a lighter step, for that night had knocked something loose in me, something long overdue to be knocked. At long last, I saw that group for what they were, with a few exceptions - a queer assortment of layabouts and late risers, most overdrawn at the bank or at least cutting into principal, only interested in who's going in the drawer at the Maidstone Club or their wedge on the fifteenth hole at Pebble Beach or dressing down the staff about a bit of shell in the lobster while shoveling canapés in. Jinx had done me a favor, freed me of any lingering allegiances to New York Society, snipped my fear of being on their bad side.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Those who are not looking for happiness are the most likely to find it, because those who are searching forget that the surest way to be happy is to seek happiness for others.
Lena Coakley, Worlds of Ink and Shadow|They both had the same calm and dreamy little cast of mind. They delighted in stories, in old Breton legends, and their favorite sport was to go and ask for them at the cottage-doors, like beggars:"Ma'am..." or, "Kind gentleman... have you a little story to tell us, please?"And it seldom happened that they did not have one "given" them; for nearly every old Breton grandame has, at least once in her life, seen the "korrigans" dance by moonlight on the heather.
Stephen Fry, The Fry Chronicles|Wine can be a better teacher than ink, and banter is often better than books
Meagan Spooner, Hunted|She moves like beauty, she whispers to us of wind and forest—and she tells us stories, such stories that we wake in the night, dreaming dreams of a life long past. she reminds us of what we used to be.She reminds us of what we could be.
Tim McGraw|In response to our fast-food culture, a 'slow food' movement appeared. Out of hurried parenthood, a move toward slow parenting could be growing. With vital government supports for state-of-the-art public child care and paid parental leave, maybe we would be ready to try slow love and marriage.
Betty Wason, Miracles in Hellas: The Greeks Fight On|In the midst of the heavy, hot fragrance of summer, and of the clean salty smell of the sea, there was the odor of wounded men, a sickly odor of blood and antiseptics which marked the zone of every military hospital. All Athens quickly took on that odor, as the wounded Greek soldiers were moved out of hospitals and piled into empty warehouses to make way for German wounded. Now every church, every empty lot, every school building in Athens is full of wounded, and on the pathways of Zappion, the park in the heart of Athens, bandaged men in makeshift wheel chairs are to be seen wherever one walks. Zappion is a profusion of flowers, heavy-scented luxurious flowers; but even the flower fragrance is not as strong as that of blood.
Ahtizaz Wani|Numbers are important to the life, you better stay good at arithmetics.
Dorothy Allison|He looked at me intently before speaking. “Why do you do that?”I frowned at him. “Do what?”“Push everyone away.” Danny told me simply.I was a little stunned and when I didn’t say anything, Danny continued on.“Darcie, what are you so afraid of? Why do you shut people out?” He looked at me searchingly.“Because it’s easier that way!” I yelled at him suddenly and he looked taken aback. I took a deep breath to calm down and added, “And I don’t like feeling vulnerable.” Danny stared at me. “Being vulnerable is nothing to be ashamed of Darcie …it’s what makes us human.”I shook my head furiously. “No! Being vulnerable makes you weak – just like every other emotion … if you allow yourself to care, you only end up getting hurt.”Danny threw me a consoling look. “But there’s nothing wrong with caring –”“No!” I interrupted angrily. “I don’t want to care! You only end up getting hurt … and it hurts so bad that you can’t breathe. I don’t want to feel like that. I don’t want to feel at all! It’s just easier to shut everyone out … if you don’t care about them – you won’t get hurt!
Gautama Buddha|We are not going in circles, we are going upwards. The path is a spiral; we have already climbed many steps.
Chris Manby, Getting Personal|How was it possible to be with someone and yet feel so utterly alone? How was it possible to be with someone as wonderful, warm and kind as Andrew and yet still wonder if love would ever find you?
Azar Nafisi|A novel is not an allegory.... It is the sensual experience of another world. If you don't enter that world, hold your breath with the characters and become involved in their destiny, you won't be able to empathize, and empathy is at the heart of the novel. This is how you read a novel: you inhale the experience. So start breathing.
David W. Earle|When it all comes crashing downTry to understand your meaningsNo one said it would be easyThis living, it ain't easy, ohYou were sewn togetherwith a tapestry of moleculesA billion baby galaxiesand wide open spacesAnd everything you need is hereEverything you fear is hereAnd it's holding you upIt just keeps holding you upWhen you came up from the groundFrom a million little piecesYou're a pretty human being
Anthony Biglan, The Nurture Effect: How the Science of Human Behavior Can Improve Our Lives and Our World|While humans have the propensity to develop a suite of prosocial behaviors, they are also capable of developing antisocial behavior, engaging in substance abuse, experiencing depression, and bearing children at an early age...Young people who develop aggressive behavior tendencies are likely to develop problems with tobacco, alcohol, and other drug use; to fail academically; to have children at an early age;and to raise children likely to have the same problems.
Rick Riordan|I’ll leave you guys to get acquainted. Somebody show Leo to dinner when it’s time?” “I got it,” one of the girls said. Nyssa, Leo remembered. She wore camo pants, a tank top that showed off her buff arms, and a red bandanna over her mop of dark hair. Except for the smiley-face Band-Aid on her chin, she looked like one of those female action heroes, like any second she was going to grab a machine gun and start mowing down evil aliens. “Cool,” Leo said. “I always wanted a sister who could beat me up.
Tara Sivec, Seduction and Snacks|...he called me whore, slut, bitch…all the beautiful ugly words that secretly thrilled me.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I wish I could invent a square, said everyone.
Parker J. Palmer|The limitation of riots, moral questions aside, is that they cannot win, and their participants know it.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If God is truth, that truth must reign supreme on the earth even as he reigns over the universe
Maureen Corrigan, Leave Me Alone, I'm Reading: Finding and Losing Myself in Books|It's a gift of tranquility when your adult desires mesh with your childhood background. I don't quite know why mine didn't, although I think books, again, are partly to blame.
Allie Burke, Paper Souls|Now, Emily didn't make a sound. There was something more defining about the soundless reality that condemned the paradigm of passion.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|To appreciate how income taxation reduces prosperity form what it could be, imagine a 100 percent tax on incomes. We wouldn't expect much prosperity in such a society. People would have no incentive to earn money. They would devote resources to hiding the little they did earn. No investments would be made. No savings would exist to increase living standards. People's activities would be grossly influenced by the tax. If we lower the rate from 100 percent, the principle does not change. . . If you want less of something, tax it.
Mehmet Murat ildan|No writer can be the ‘Master of the Words’ without loving them! Loving is the way for Mastering! No Love, no Master!
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|As they embrace, she kisses him full on the mouth. And suddenly sticks her tongue right in. She has done this before, often. It’s one of those drunken long shots which just might, at least theoretically, once in ten thousand tries, throw a relationship right out of its orbit and send it whizzing off on another. Do women ever stop trying? No. But, because they never stop, they learn to be good losers.
Temperance|I’d like to think that the day I realize we will always be miserable will differ from every other. I hope it will so obnoxiously stand out from the monotonous cycle of my days, that I wouldn’t forget that sorrowful moment of comprehension. But, when that breeze of reality comes by, it wont be a memorable hurricane, nor a momentous tornado. It will be the same, sad, soft wind that I felt the day before, and the day before that. Because the moment you understand your inevitable misery in life, may also be the day you see you are to always be dejected.
Nia Vardalos|During World War II, law-abiding Japanese-American citizens were herded into remote internment camps, losing their jobs, businesses and social standing, while an all-Japanese-American division fought heroically in Europe.
Lierre Keith, The Vegetarian Myth: Food, Justice, and Sustainability|We had a crisp, oily salad and slices of pink country sausages, an aioli of snails and cod and hard-boiled eggs with garlic mayonnaise, creamy cheese from Fontvielle, and a homemade tart. It was the kind of meal that the French take for granted and tourists remember for years.
Fakeer Ishavardas|It is no use dying, before one does.
Dan Groat, An Enigmatic Escape: A Trilogy|I had always been a boy in this place, and many of the trees and rocks and streams had been old men when I knew them. Some had died. All had changed. I knew that. I had changed the most.
Carl Raschke, GloboChrist: The Great Commission Takes a Postmodern Turn|Jesus’s use of the phrasing “a new commandment” is frequently scanted in light of its implicit ramifications. Because Jesus at the Last Supper has executed the “new covenant” with his disciples, the Great Commandment itself now acquires an unprecedented meaning. Its new meaning belongs to this sudden revelation not merely about who God is but also about what love is. Previously the Great Commandment bade us to love God and our neighbor. Now this love can be comprehended only in an incarnational situation. Its incarnate presence is the activation of profound rhizomic relations that explode from the center toward the ends of the earth. We are commanded to be incarnational in relation to one another just as God at the cross was incarnational in Christ. . . . We are no longer simply Christ’s “followers" - the pre-Easter form of relation to a master-and-teacher that is conventionally called “disciple” - but also perpetual Christ incarnators . . .
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|When you graduate from "Being In Love" to "Loving Someone" you understand - Love is not about owning, Love is about wanting the best for them, It's about seeing or Helping them achieve great heights, with or without you. Love is not what you say, it's what you do.
Unarine Ramaru|Success is not for everyone, but if everyone had a phobia of failure, success was going to be a common thing.
A. Ashley Straker, Connected Infection|Do you realize that a middle-class couple, one archaeologist, one dolls' expert, can't move from their house because ancient spirits are blocking them in? It's a reasonable sort of day's experience, isn't it?
Frederick Buechner, Secrets in the Dark: A Life in Sermons|We are above all things loved--that is the good news of the gospel--and loved not just the way we turn up on Sundays in our best clothes and on our best behavior and with our best feet forward, but loved as we alone know ourselves to be, the weakest and shabbiest of what we are along with the strongest and gladdest. To come together as people who believe that just maybe this gospel is actually true should be to come together like people who have just won the Irish Sweepstakes. It should have us throwing our arms around each other like people who have just discovered that every single man and woman in those pews is not just another familiar or unfamiliar face but is our long-lost brother and our long-lost sister because despite the fact that we have all walked in different gardens and knelt at different graves, we have all, humanly speaking, come from the same place and are heading out into the same blessed mystery that awaits us all. This is the joy that is so apt to be missing, and missing not just from church but from our own lives--the joy of not just managing to believe at least part of the time that it is true that life is holy, but of actually running into that holiness head-on.
Mike Mullin, Ashfall|So I thought I’d feel different afterward, after the visible neon sign proclaiming 'virgin' had blinked out on my forehead. I’d spent years obessessing about it, so it seemed like somthing should have changed. Maybe it would have if I’d still been at Ceder Falls High School surrounded by the gossip and the braggadocio of teenage boys. But on my uncle's farm, nobody noticed, or at least nobody said anything. The next day, like every day, we dug corn, chopped wood, and carried water. And it didn’t really change much between Darla and me, either. Yes, making love was fun, but it wasn’t really any more fun than anything we’d already been doing together. Just different.
Steven Norton, Fly Away Days|It is nothing short of a transformed vision of reality that is able to see Christ as more real than the storm, love more real than hatred, meakness more real than pride, long-suffering more real than annoyance, holiness more real than sin. - Discipline
Denis Waitley|When I was at drama school, I wanted to change the world, and thought I had some great wisdom to impart to people about humanity. Now that I'm older, I know enough to realise that I know nothing at all.
Geoffrey S. Fletcher|We need to be politically engaged, but peculiar in how we engage. Jesus and the early Christians had a marvelous political imagination. They turned all the presumptions and ideas of power and blessing upside down.
William Hazlitt, The Round Table; Characters Of Shakespeare's Plays|Because we are human. We adapt, we adjust, and we think too damn much.
Katie MacAlister, Sex, Lies and Vampires|Man is by nature a curious animal. You can hide the truth from him temporarily, but not for ever.
Ashly Lorenzana|Storytelling wasn't about making things up. It was more like inviting the stories to come through her, let themselves be told.
Émile Zola, Pot Luck|Monsieur Josserand died very quietly - a victim of his own honesty. He had lived a useless life, and he went off, worthy to the last, weary of all the petty things in life, done to death by the heartless conduct of the only human beings that he had ever loved.
Jesse Ventura|Today, no less than five Supreme Court justices are on record, either through their opinions or speeches (or both), that they will consult foreign law and foreign-court rulings for guidance in certain circumstances. Of course, policymakers are free to consult whatever they want, but not justices. They're limited to the Constitution and the law.
Christos Yannaras, Relational Ontology|Every specific human being, however, thinks, judges, imagines, wills and expresses himself or herself in a unique, dissimilar, and unrepeatable mode--a mode of unpredictable difference, or otherness, which objectively defies description or delimitation.
Paige Tyler, Her Fierce Warrior|What man didn't enjoy a beautiful woman curled up in his lap, even if she did treat him like a scratching post every time she woke up?
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|He was waiting for me at the best table in the room, toying with a glass of white wine and listening to the pianist who was playing a piece by Granados with velvet fingers.
Mensah Oteh|If you don’t understand the concept of time or appreciate its value, it’s almost impossible to be successful.
Victoria Aveyard, King's Cage|Remember when we told each other no distractions?Yes. He runs a blazing finger over my earrings, touching each one in turn.Distract me.
A.J. Flowers, Fallen to Grace|Gabriel: What’s the point of having power, if one cannot use it? What’s the point of immortality, if one cannot truly live?
Idries Shah|The secrets of evolution, are time and death. There's an unbroken thread that stretches from those first cells to us.
Jenna Evans Welch, Love & Gelato|Before I could catch it, my heart slammed straight down to my feet, leaving me with a massive hole in my chest. It was amazing how I could just be going along, doing okay, and then suddenly-wham-I missed her so much even my fingernails hurt.
Carollynn Lemky, The Musical Mermaid|Well i am just going to try!" she thought confidently!
Debajyoti Ghosh|Every father and mother who struggle and earn honestly to nurture his children, is also soldier.
James Joyce|The idea is to make the ingredients sing, not a grand opera, but a jolly chanson.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|Without risk, life is far too predictable
Halldór Laxness|Human beings, in point of fact, are lonely by nature, and one should feel sorry for them and love them and mourn with them. It is certain that people would understand one another better and love one another more if they would admit to one another how lonely they were, how sad they were in their tormented, anxious longings and feeble hopes.
Sunshine Rodgers, Last Night, When I Prayed|His real name is A.J., but he is known in Heaven as Armor because of how resilient he is in his faith and how persistent he is with his prayers.
William Shakespeare, Henry VIII|Today is your big moment. Moments, really. The life you’ve been waiting for is happening all around you. The scene unfolding right outside your window is worth more than the most beautiful painting, and the crackers and peanut butter that you’re having for lunch on the coffee table are as profound, in their own way, as the Last Supper. This is it. This is life in all its glory, swirling and unfolding around us, disguised as pedantic, pedestrian non-events. But pull of the mask and you will find your life, waiting to be made, chosen, woven, crafted. Your life, right now, today, is exploding with energy and power and detail and dimension, better than the best movie you have ever seen. You and your family and your friends and your house and your dinner table and your garage have all the makings of a life of epic proportions, a story for the ages. Because they all are. Every life is. You have stories worth telling, memories worth remembering, dreams worth working toward, a body worth feeding, a soul worth tending, and beyond that, the God of the universe dwells within you, the true culmination of super and natural. You are more than dust and bones. You are spirit and power and image of God. And you have been given Today.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|What a hideous life he had chosen, how painful was the loneliness he endured because he didn't have the courage to trust someone again. To trust someone entirely because in love there is no other way.
Delano Johnson, Rare Images of Love|Does anybody remember the day when family was family, a woman was a woman, and a man was a man?
John Irving, In One Person|As you near a finish line, do not slow down. Instead, run faster. Give all you have left until it is done. It is then that you may collapse.
Fernando Pessoa, The Education of the Stoic|Our problem isn't that we're individualists. It's that our individualism is static rather than dynamic. We value what we think rather than what we do. We forget that we haven't done, or been, what we thought; that the first function of life is action, just as the first property of things is motion.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|Et supper?" Foote asked."No, sir," Stoner answered.Mrs. Foote crooked an index finger at him and padded away, Stoner followed her through several rooms into a kitchen, where she motioned him to sit at a table. She put a pitcher of milk and several squares of cold cornbread before him. He sipped the milk, but his mouth, dry from excitement, would not take the bread.Foote came into the room and stood beside his wife. He was a small man, not more than five feet three inches, with a lean face and a sharp nose. His wife was four inches taller, and heavy; rimless spectacles hid her eyes, and her thin lips were tight. The two of them watched hungrily as he sipped his milk. "Feed and water the livestock, slop the pigs in the morning," Foote said rapidly.Stoner looked at him blankly. "What?""That's what you do in the morning," Foote said, "before you leave for your school. Then in the evening you feed and slop again, gather the eggs, milk the cows. Chop firewood when you find time. Weekends, you help me with whatever I'm doing.""Yes, sir," Stoner said.Foote studied him for a moment. "College," he said and shook his head.
J.F Hermann|Having books standing on a shelf in a room is like having completely different worlds at the ready, waiting to be explored.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|As you travel along the roads in life, there is a certain kind of peace that comes with knowing you're on the right path. And when you are faced with adversity, it challenges you but makes you stronger. The road is not always an easy route. Nevertheless, you must not allow your fears to keep you from reaching the destination.
Kate DiCamillo|If you have no intention of loving or being loved, the whole journey is pointless.
Oscar Wilde, A Woman of No Importance|Die Welt ist von Narren geschaffen, damit Weise in ihr Leben.
Laura Thalassa, The Queen of Traitors|War takes many things from people, but unfortunately, pain is not one of them.
David Ogilvy|Art is interesting because there can be so many different perspectives in a piece of art. The way I see it may be completely different than the way somebody else sees it. It's interesting to hear what somebody sees in a piece of art compared to somebody else. It could be completely different, and that's interesting to me.
H.P. Lovecraft, Dagon|Mere grimness is as easy as grinning; but it requires something to put a handsome face on a story. Narratives become of suspicious merit in proportion as they lean to Newgate-like offenses, particularly of blood and wounds...
David Chiles|Twitter, far from fostering debate and broadening minds, has turned us into a hive of scolds. Angry mobs wait on the sidelines to strike and then bask in the glow of their moral superiority.
Ufuoma Apoki|Knowing that one thing you want is a great step. Sure, whether you prefer or not, you'll get offers, and many will seem just like that one thing you want.
Cameo Renae, In My Dreams|A quick thought shot through my mind. Could I really drown in a dream? I remembered the movie the Matrix. If you died in the matrix, you died in real life. I wasn’t about to take a chance...
Leta Blake, Will & Patrick Wake Up Married|Just know that if you move forward with honesty, faith and love, everything will be alright.
Octave Mirbeau|While I was an honorable man in her eyes, she did not love me. But the minute she understood what I was, when she breathed the true and foul odor of my soul, love was born in her – for she does love me! Well, well! There is nothing real, then, except evil.
Kele Moon, Crossing the Line|I never loved anyone else and never desired to. She was my companion, my lover, and my teacher.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|My name is Mr Bread." He began writing his name neatly on the board. "But you can call me Peter."Suddenly there was quiet, as thirty little brains whirred."Pita Bread!" proclaimed a ginger-haired boy from the back.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If they tell you it is impossible, answer; ‘It is possible’!
Eric Ludy, When God Writes Your Love Story: The Ultimate Approach to Guy/Girl Relationships|If God is going to write your loves story, He's going to first need your pen.
C. JoyBell C.|I was thinking, and realised how simple my goal has been— just to be me! I didn't want to be a good person and change the world; I just wanted to be me! Against all odds, I wanted to make sure that I turned out as myself and not into my family, my society, my religion... I wanted to make sure that I turned into me! But then after that first realisation, I made a second realisation; and that is, that becoming yourself against all odds is probably the highest attainment you could ever dream of or hope for! After all, the minute we are born, we are born into a world that isn't interested in making us who we are; but rather, is interested in making us who they think we are supposed to be! It is a most courageous act to become yourself, no matter what! And you can move mountains and change the world without trying to! As long as you fight for you!
Helen Keller|Together, we will lead our party back to the White House, and we will lead our country back to safety, prosperity, and peace.
Emperor Charles V|Holy paranormal activity, Nightingale - to the Jag mobile.
Charles K. Kao|Education helps you to be a well-rounded person, period. It teaches you how to take in information and data, process it, and use it for life building. Education was key in my family. You were going to college.
T.S. Eliot, Prufrock and Other Observations|There are two powers in this world which cannot be matched. Beauty and Youth. Buy the beauty and imprison the youth. Give the best models, actress, and girls from town and nail them. I do not care how much it costs.
Patrick Modiano|The Frenchman showed her a great deal of Paris that day, saying over lunch at a café that it was impossible to see everything of interest in so short a time. "And of course the sights are only one aspect; there's also the theatre, the markets, clubs, festivals, gardens and much more."Delta smiled dreamily; it sounded wonderful.Enjoying her smile, Valois gave her cheek a playful caress. "If I try hard enough, you may never want to leave.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|Hazard has conditioned us to live in hazard. All our pleasures are dependant upon it. Even though I arrange for a pleasure; and look forward to it, my eventual enjoyment of it is still a matter of hazard. Wherever time passes, there is hazard. You may die before you turn the next page.
Theodore Roethke|In a dark time, the eye begins to see.
Nick Johnson|What you get out of an M.B.A. programme, no matter how much experience, is functional tools and understanding in disciplines: you'll understand economics, you'll understand marketing, finance, accounting. That, M.B.A. programmes do very well.
Allie Everhart, Promising You|In the past year I’ve learned that love can make you do crazy, silly, stupid, ridiculous things. And the fact that one person can make you feel this way and do those things is amazing to me.
Michael Dirda|When I was 20, I wanted to be famous and win a Grammy and have people respect and love me.
Eric Maisel, The Van Gogh Blues: The Creative Person's Path Through Depression|The song you write may be beautiful, the research you conceive may be beautiful, but you are the real beauty in life.
Claudia Gray, Evernight|In my opinion, all boyfriends should turn out to be secretly wealthy.
Debasish Mridha|Knowledge is potential power, but wisdom is the readily available power of the mind.
Sophia Amoruso, #GIRLBOSS|when you believe inyourself, other people will believe inyou, too.
peter irabor|For something to be forbidden, Leila, someone must make it forbidden. Ask why. Always ask yourself why.
Mary Wine, In Bed With A Stranger|A hedge knight must hold tight to his pride. Without it, he was no more than a sellsword
Pope Gregory I|We make Idols of our concepts, but Wisdom is born of wonder
Matshona Dhliwayo|Desire speaks, passion shouts, lust screams, and love whispers.
Pope Benedict XVI, Light of the World: The Pope, the Church, and the Signs of the Times - A Conversation with Peter Seewald|It is obvious that the concept of truth has become suspect. Of course it is correct that is has been much abused. Intolerance and cruelty have occurred in the name of truth. To that extent people are afraid when someone says, "This is the truth", or even "I have the truth". We never have it, at best is has us. No one will dispute that one must be careful and cautious in claiming the truth. But simply to dismiss it as unattainable is really destructive.(...) We must have the courage to dare to say: Yes, man must seek the truth; he is capable of truth. It goes without saying that truth requires criteria for verification and falsification. It must always be accompanied by tolerance, also. But then truth also points out to us those constant values which have made mankind great. That is why the humility to recognize the truth and to accept it as a standard has to be relearned and practiced again. The truth comes to rule, not through violence, but rather through its own power; this is the central theme of John's Gospel: When brought before Pilate, Jesus professes that he himself is The Truth and the witness to the truth. He does not defend the truth with legions but rather makes it visible through his Passion and thereby also implements it.
Hilari Bell, Rise of a Hero|And you are going to close the gates, because I told you to close the gates.
Robyn Carr, Never Too Late|Sugar,” Jake said, “I’ve wanted you since the first time you sassed me.”“I wanted to punch you in the nose.”He laughed and kissed her forehead. “My advertising skills left something to be desired.”“You rooked three unsuspecting women.”“I know.” He kissed her lips, taking his time. “I’m offering you a chance for payback.”“And that payback is sex?” He smelled awesome, like a hot, sexy man who’d been in a kitchen trying to please her. Or maybe please himself. With Jake, you never knew.He pulled her tighter against him, kissing her slowly, thoroughly. “I’d do my damnedest to make you a happy woman the second time I sold you something.”Sugar looked into Jake’s eyes. He was too hot, too sexy, almost taking her breath away. “I think your gravy’s burning.”“Nice try. I turned it off.” He tugged her hips against him, kissing her as if he’d never tasted anything as good as her mouth. Sugar moaned and let Jake hike her up on his waist. “If I’m moving too fast, say so. I’ll back off and feed you the best shrimp and steak dinner you’ve ever had. Just good friends breaking bread together.”Sugar gasped as Jake sank his teeth gently into her lower lip. Heat and warmth filled her, stealing her desire to tell him no about anything. “I’m not really that hungry.”His smile turned dangerous. “I am.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, The Dragon: Fifteen Stories|But clouds bellied out in the sultry heat, the sky cracked open with a crimson gash, spewed flame-and the ancient forest began to smoke. By morning there was a mass of booming, fiery tongues, a hissing, crashing, howling all around, half the sky black with smoke, and the bloodied sun just barely visible.	And what can little men do with their spades, ditches, and pails? The forest is no more, it was devoured by fire: stumps and ash. Perhaps illimitable fields will be plowed here one day, perhaps some new, unheard-of wheat will ripen here and men from Arkansas with shaven faces will weigh in their palms the heavy golden grain. Or perhaps a city will grow up-alive with ringing sound and motion, all stone and crystal and iron-and winged men will come here flying over seas and mountains from all ends of the world. But never again the forest, never again the blue winter silence and the golden silence of summer. And only the tellers of tales will speak in many-colored patterned words about what had been, about wolves and bears and stately green-coated century-old grandfathers, about old Russia; they will speak about all this to us who have seen it with our own eyes ten years - a hundred years! - ago, and to those others, the winged ones, who will come in a hundred years to listen and to marvel at it all as at a fairy tale. ("In Old Russia")
J.M.  Richards|I grab at Smitty and he at me, and, for one horrible, deperately embarrassing second we fly into each others arms like Shaggy and Scooby Don't.
David  Holdsworth, Angelos|Culloden, Scotland, April 1746All around was the awful sound of moaning. It was not just mournful, but the sound of immense suffering, the cries of dying men. The battle had waged on, and the day was far spent. In dirt and blood, the soldiers waded on. Horizontal rain, snow, and wind made the normal battle conditions much worse.Near the edge of the field I stood holding a gun, pointing it at the lad who had once been my best friend. He was dressed in the red coat of a government soldier; I was not.
Pitbull|When a management with a reputation for brilliance tackles a business with a reputation for bad economics, it is the reputation of the business that remains intact.
David Gemmell, Shield of Thunder|There is a darkness in you. In all of us, probably. Beasts we keep chained. Ordinary men have to keep the chains strong, for if we let the beast loose then society will turn upon us with fiery vengeance. Kings though...well, who is there to turn upon them? So the chains are made of straw. It is the curse of kings, Helikaon, that they can become monsters. And they invariably do.
Jack Bowman|Every time you work, you have to do it all over again, to rid yourself of this dross. I suppose for a person who is not an artist or not attempting art, it is not dross, because it is the common exchange of everyday life.
Christopher Egan|Unwanted honking not only irritates others, but may also end up causing accidents. Drivers lose cool and it may result in road rage.
Lois McMaster Bujold, The Curse of Chalion|This wasn't prayer anyway, it was just argument with the gods.Prayer, he suspected as he hoisted himself up and turned for the door, was putting one foot in front of the other. Moving all the same.
Christopher Daniel Mechling, Peter: The Untold True Story|Home is where you go to find solace from the ever changing chaos, to find love within the confines of a heartless world, and to be reminded that no matter how far you wander, there will always be something waiting when you return.
Seth Godin, Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?|At the age of four, you were an artist. And at seven, you were a poet.
Dave Grohl|For many years, even as users became more sophisticated, personal computers took too much effort to use without problem-solving, keeping alive the yearning for greater simplicity. Microsoft's dominant Windows platform, in particular, was a home for all manner of bugs and problems that required IT people to straighten out.
Morrissey|You can't fake this music. You might be a great singer or a great musician but, in the need, that's got nothing to do with it. It's how you connect to the songs and to the history behind them.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|If, in his pride, he considers God as a challenge, he will deny Him; and if God becomes man and therefore makes Himself vulnerable, he will crucify Him.
Kate Christensen|The sad fact is that it would be fair to say that United is a generic, bureaucratic, tired company. A sort of DMV in the sky. No real culture. No real strategy. No real expectations for employees or customers. All of which is a shame.
Chris Wooding, Poison|Poison." he said, deadpan. "That's an unusual name to give your child. You must love her very much."She's a treasure." Bram agreed, blithely ignoing the sarcasm.....Then went a few dozen feet in silence, until they were out of eaarshor of the gaurd.She's a treasure." Poison mimicked, and Bram burst out laughing.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|Mammy was soon asleep, leaving Laila with dueling emotions: reassured that Mammy meant to live on, stung that she was not the reason. She would never leave her mark on Mammy's heart the way her brothers had, because Mammy's heart was like a pallid beach where Laila's footprints would forever wash away beneath the waves of sorrow that swelled and crashed, swelled and crashed.
Cyril Connolly|Someone once asked me what I regarded as the three most important requirements for happiness. My answer was: "A feeling that you have been honest with yourself and those around you  a feeling that you have done the best you could both in your personal life and in your work  and the ability to love others."
Nicholas Kristof|No veteran or active duty service member should endure a long hospital stay alone. Yet sadly, due to the high cost of travel, all too often our military families are separated while America's heroes receive care. Sometimes families sleep in hospital parking lots, unable to afford long stays in a hotel.
Raymond E. Feist, Honored Enemy|It's difficult the first time you have to get close to kill another. You see their eyes, see the light in it go out. Even a troll's eyes have that light. I'd be worried if you didn't feel something after that. I don't like hunting with a man who's a killer without that feeling.
John Michael Greer|The attribution of intelligence to machines, crowds of fragments, or other nerd deities obscures more than it illuminates. When people are told that a computer is intelligent, they become prone to changing themselves in order to make the computer appear to work better, instead of demanding that the computer be changed to become more useful.
Peter Enns, Exodus|Roman Catholicism is a broken and utterly desperate thing, capable only of malignant mischief in our awakening world.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|But he was able to understand one thing: making a decision was only the beginning of things. When someone makes a decision, he is really diving into a strong current that wil carry him into places he had never dreamed of when he first made the decision." - The Alchemist, Paulo Cohelo -
Donna Grant, Dark Alpha’s Demand|Where she ended, he began.
Santosh Kalwar|In every person, there is a doer and a devil. With every passing days, the doer dies and a devil has to rise.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|It is not speed that matters, it's persistence.
Emily Brontë, The Complete Poems|Hope Was but a timid friend;She sat without the grated den,Watching how my fate would tend,Even as selfish-hearted men.She was cruel in her fear;Through the bars one dreary day,I looked out to see her there,And she turned her face away!Like a false guard, false watch keeping,Still, in strife, she whispered peace;She would sing while I was weeping;If I listened, she would cease.False she was, and unrelenting;When my last joys strewed the ground,Even Sorrow saw, repenting,Those sad relics scattered round;Hope, whose whisper would have givenBalm to all my frenzied pain,Stretched her wings, and soared to heaven,Went, and ne'er returned again!
Mensah Oteh|Like any formula, success has parts and therefore it is expressed in three ways – achievement (a science), fulfilment (an art) and lifestyle (an act). All three have to be present for the formula to be complete.
Emma Watson|I want to be a Renaissance Woman. I want to paint, and I want to write, and I want to act, and I just want to do everything.
George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows|No mortal man could frighten him, no more than the darkness could, nor the bones of his soul, the grey and grisly bones of his soul.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Though I have said that I envy the normal man to the last drop of my bile, yet I should not care to be in his place such as he is now (though I shall not cease envying him). No, no; anyway the underground life is more advantageous. There, at any rate, one can … Oh, but even now I am lying! I am lying because I know myself that it is not underground that is better, but something different, quite different, for which I am thirsting, but which I cannot find! Damn underground!
Linda Alfiori|WHE YOU FOCUS ON HEALING AND OVERCOME A TRAGEDY OR CHANGE IN YOUR LIFE, YOU BECOME A SURVIVOR, NOT A VICTIM ANYMORE.
Don Yaeger|The secret to understanding me is, I'm not trying to be anybody other than who I actually am. People want candid, refreshing leadership. And I've always tried to go with solutions. You know, I've always tried to say, here's how we get our economy growing, here's why we get our debt under control. That's what Mitt Romney is offering.
Sharon Salzberg, A Heart as Wide as the World: Stories on the Path of Lovingkindness|Sometimes kindness is stepping aside, letting go of our need to be right & just being happy for someone.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|My hands tightened on her, and I again tried to memorize every part of this moment. There was such perfection in the way our bodies were wrapped together. It didn’t seem possible that outside the sanctity of this moonlit car was a world we had to hide from, a world that wanted to tear us apart. The thought of what surrounded us made what was between us seem that much more fragile.
Dean O'Gorman|Reality in movies is the reality of the story you're telling, so it may not match the reality as we know it, but the reason there's art is that it tries to bring some kind of understanding of all the suffering and joys and pain that we go through. Storytelling brings some value to it.
Joshua Ferris, Then We Came to the End|I had ceased to be a writer of tolerably poor tales and essays, and had become a tolerably good Surveyor of the Customs. That was all. But, nevertheless, it is any thing but agreeable to be haunted by a suspicion that one's intellect is dwindling away; or exhaling, without your consciousness, like ether out of a phial; so that, at every glance, you find a smaller and less volatile residuum. Of the fact, there could be no doubt; and, examining myself and others, I was led to conclusions in reference to the effect of public office on the character, not very favorable to the mode of life in question. In some other form, perhaps, I may hereafter develop these effects. Suffice it here to say, that a Custom-House officer, of long continuance, can hardly be a very praiseworthy or respectable personage, for many reasons; one of them, the tenure by which he holds his situation, and another, the very nature of his business, which—though, I trust, an honest one—is of such a sort that he does not share in the united effort of mankind.An effect—which I believe to be observable, more or less, in every individual who has occupied the position—is, that, while he leans on the mighty arm of the Republic, his own proper strength departs from him. He loses, in an extent proportioned to the weakness or force of his original nature, the capability of self-support. If he possess an unusual share of native energy, or the enervating magic of place do not operate too long upon him, his forfeited powers may be redeemable. The ejected officer—fortunate in the unkindly shove that sends him forth betimes, to struggle amid a struggling world—may return to himself, and become all that he has ever been. But this seldom happens. He usually keeps his ground just long enough for his own ruin, and is then thrust out, with sinews all unstrung, to totter along the difficult footpath of life as he best may. Conscious of his own infirmity,—that his tempered steel and elasticity are lost,—he for ever afterwards looks wistfully about him in quest of support external to himself. His pervading and continual hope—a hallucination, which, in the face of all discouragement, and making light of impossibilities, haunts him while he lives, and, I fancy, like the convulsive throes of the cholera, torments him for a brief space after death—is, that, finally, and in no long time, by some happy coincidence of circumstances, he shall be restored to office. This faith, more than any thing else, steals the pith and availability out of whatever enterprise he may dream of undertaking. Why should he toil and moil, and be at so much trouble to pick himself up out of the mud, when, in a little while hence, the strong arm of his Uncle will raise and support him? Why should he work for his living here, or go to dig gold in California, when he is so soon to be made happy, at monthly intervals, with a little pile of glittering coin out of his Uncle's pocket? It is sadly curious to observe how slight a taste of office suffices to infect a poor fellow with this singular disease. Uncle Sam's gold—meaning no disrespect to the worthy old gentleman—has, in this respect, a quality of enchantment like that of the Devil's wages. Whoever touches it should look well to himself, or he may find the bargain to go hard against him, involving, if not his soul, yet many of its better attributes; its sturdy force, its courage and constancy, its truth, its self-reliance, and all that gives the emphasis to manly character.
Adlai E. Stevenson II|Many confuse the United States with the Church or the Constitution with the Bible. They feel that the good of the United States is the same as the good of the Kingdom of God. Some feel that the Constitution of the United States is as infallible as the Bible. However, one with wisdom notice that some things are Kingdom principles and some are not.
Lydia Maria Francis Child, The American Frugal Housewife: Dedicated to Those Who Are Not Ashamed of Economy|Do not make children cross-eyed, by having hair hang about their foreheads, where they see it continually.
Scott Adams|Steve's head dropped and stared at his feet. After a weighty, uncomfortable pause, he issued a challenge that would haunt me for days. " Do you want to spend the rest of your life selling sugared water, or do you want a chance to change the world?" Sculley felt as if he had been punched in the stomach. There was no response possible other than to acquiesce. " He had a uncanny ability to always get what he wanted, to size up a person and know exactly what to say to reach a person," Sculley recalled. 
Anne Tenino, 18% Gray|What song would lull a snake into submission? "John Mayer?""Over my dead body.""Could be, Tim, could be.
Lois Lowry, Find a Stranger, Say Goodbye|She was the only doctor's wife in Branford, Maine, who hung her wash on an outdoor clothesline instead of putting it through a dryer, because she liked to look out the window and see the clothes blowing in the wind. She had been especially delighted, one day, when one sleeve of the top of her husband's pajamas, prodded by the stiff breeze off the bay, reached over and grabbed her nightgown around the waist.
Arash Tabish|Humans are intelligent and resourceful. If we've been around a million or more years, why are we so disinclined to believe that we could have built cities 10,000, 20,000, 50,000 or even more years ago?
Brian Greene, The Elegant Universe: Superstrings, Hidden Dimensions, and the Quest for the Ultimate Theory|I like physics, but I love cartoons.
Elaine N. Aron, The Highly Sensitive Person: How to Thrive When the World Overwhelms You|Even without overt sexual abuse, all young women are known to experience a descent into low self-esteem at puberty, probably as they realize their role as sexual objects. The highly sensitive girl will sense all the implications even more and make self-protection a higher priority. Some overeat to become unattractive, some overstudy or overtrain so they have no free time, some pick one boy early and hang on to him for protection.
Siobhan Dowd|Let us not, in the pride of our superior knowledge, turn with contempt from the follies of our predecessors. The study of the errors into which great minds have fallen in the pursuit of truth can never be uninstructive. As the man looks back to the days of his childhood and his youth, and recalls to his mind the strange notions and false opinions that swayed his actions at the time, that he may wonder at them; so should society, for its edification, look back to the opinions which governed ages that fled.
Willa Cather, My Ántonia|I was something that lay under the sun and felt it, like the pumpkins, and I did not want to be anything more. I was entirely happy. Perhaps we feel like that when we die and become a part of something entire, whether it is sun and air, or goodness and knowledge. At any rate, that is happiness; to be dissolved into something complete and great. When it comes to one, it comes as naturally as sleep.
Kahlil Gibran|An eye for an eye, and the whole world would be blind.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|If you truly believe in something that is totally rejected by others, then you've just made a difference.
Michelle N. Onuorah|The dismal fact is that self-respect has nothing to do with the approval of others — who are, after all, deceived easily enough; has nothing to do with reputation, which, as Rhett Butler told Scarlett O’Hara, is something people with courage can do without.To do without self-respect, on the other hand, is to be an unwilling audience of one to an interminable documentary that deals with one’s failings, both real and imagined, with fresh footage spliced in for every screening. There’s the glass you broke in anger, there’s the hurt on X’s face; watch now, this next scene, the night Y came back from Houston, see how you muff this one. To live without self-respect is to lie awake some night, beyond the reach of warm milk, the Phenobarbital, and the sleeping hand on the coverlet, counting up the sins of commissions and omission, the trusts betrayed, the promises subtly broken, the gifts irrevocably wasted through sloth or cowardice, or carelessness. However long we postpone it, we eventually lie down alone in that notoriously uncomfortable bed, the one we make ourselves. Whether or not we sleep in it depends, of course, on whether or not we respect ourselves.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|For no man is found so prudent as to know how to adapt himself to these changes, both because he cannot deviate from the course to which nature inclines him, and because, having always prospered while adhering to one path, he cannot be persuaded that it would be well for him to forsake it. And so when occasion requires the cautious man to act impetuously, he cannot do so and is undone: whereas had he changed his nature with time and circumstances, his fortune would have been unchanged.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, A View from the Front Porch: Encounters with Life and Jesus|Consequences are not the spoiler that kills my dreams. Rather, they are the lessons that enhance my dreaming.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|One by one she slew her fears, and then planted a flower garden over their graves.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Most of the people in the world are just distracted and work only on the surface but if you will be deep enough to concentrate and study or rehearse anything, the world will bow in honor of you.
Jean Kwok, Girl in Translation|It's only a heartache. It isn't a tragedy. A tragedy would be losing the father of my children to cancer. This I wrestle with the hardest. There are thirty-one flavors of pain, like Baskin Robbins in hell. Am I allowed to feel pain at a breakup? When there is so much other shit going on in this world? Love is extremely serious. I don't think this is trivial.
Otsuichi, Goth|You could be Charles Manson, or Hitler, or even a lawyer who advertises on television, and your dog will still think you're the greatest thing ever. This tells you something very important about dogs: They are not very bright.
Enid Bagnold, The Loved and Envied|If I had my life over again[, ] I'd have thought more about words. And thought about them earlier.
Robin Williams|The Olympic Gold medal in 1968 was definitely the highest moment of my career. It was a dream come true. I was a 19-year-old boy, and it was just amazing to be standing on top of the podium and hearing the National Anthem in the background.
Jane Yolen|1. Write every day2. Write what interests you.3. Write for the child inside of you. (Or the adult, if you are writing adult books.)4. Write with honest emotion5. Be careful of being facile6. Be wary of preaching7. Be prepared for serendipity
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Using reason without applying it to experience only leads to theoretical illusions. Ideas derived from real world experiences lead to acquisition of knowledge, and the accumulation of time-tested principles leads to wisdom.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|Scholars of the East and West have heroically consecrated their whole working lives to making available, by means of their own disciplines, Sufi literary and philosophical material to the world at large. In many cases they have faithfully recorded the Sufis' own reiteration that the Way of the Sufis cannot be understood by means of the intellect or by ordinary book learning.
Russel H.S. Stolfi, Hitler: Beyond Evil and Tyranny|The intellectually-inclined biographers stray from the point that the message is directed through the spoken word at the broad masses and not writing to an inbred, self-adoring intellectual e
Kathryn Harrison|If the universal is the essential, then it is the basis of all life and art. Recognizing and uniting with the universal therefore gives us the greatest aesthetic satisfaction, the greatest emotion of beauty.
Sanober  Khan, A touch, a tear, a tempest|I breathe in... The sights and smells Of this city I’ve come to know... So well I gaze... Across the turquoise ocean Where the waves Liberate my spirit... From its shell I breathe in... The brilliant sky line Where the birds Emerge shyly From the dappled sunshine I breathe in... The gently... Blowing winds That soothe me Like a mother, around her child I breathe in... The sounds of laughter Pure and pretty Like the golden-green butterfly I’m always after I breathe in... The closeness, I have always shared With people, Who almost knew me, Almost cared I breathe in... The comfort Of my home, The safe walls, The scents of childhood On the pillows I breathe in...the silence Of my own heart Aching with tenderness... With memories.. Of home I breathe... in... The fragrance Of love, and moist sand The one... His roses left... On both my hands And I just keep on breathing Every moment As much as I can Preserving it, in my body For the day It can’t So I breathe in.. Once again.. Feeling life's energy Fizzing through my cells Never knowing What awaits me Or what's going to happen to me.. Next I breathe in This moment... Knowing it's either life Or it's death I close my eyes, And breathe in Just believing in myself.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|when you have the reasons, reason!
James Alexander Thom, The Art and Craft of Writing Historical Fiction: Researching and Writing Historical Fiction|you come to understand that history might be, as Thomas Carlyle put it, “a distillation of rumor,” or, as Napoleon said, “a set of lies generally agreed upon
Veronica Roth, Four: A Divergent Story Collection|But I know that for every good thing that comes along, there is always a cost.
Marc Andreessen|Surely wisdom will come as we listen to learn from children, parents, partners, neighbors, Church leaders, and the Lord.
Ben Goldacre|There is no Master but the Master,” he said, “and QT-1 is his prophet.
Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence - From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror|Dissociation gets you through a brutal experience, letting your basic survival skills operate unimpeded…Your ability to survive is enhanced as the ability to feel is diminished…All feeling are blocked; you ‘go away.’ You are disconnected from the act, the perpetrator & yourself…Viewing the scene from up above or some other out-of-body perspective is common among sexual abuse survivors.
Margaret Jensen|Faith is secured by adversity, but endangered by security.
Dean Koontz, Phantoms|you can go to the Devil and not at your leisure. You can go now, for all I care.''My pet, I've been to the Devil and he's a very dull fellow. I won't go there again, not even for you.
Felicity De Zulueta, From Pain to Violence: The Traumatic Roots of Destructiveness|Denial protected us, screening out certain experiences & feelings until we grew strong enough to relate to them...Yet it also dropped a curtain over our experience, obscuring it, leaving us with a sense of missing pieces. For instance, when we achieved something, we felt like an imposter. Or, though we had a relationship with a significant other, we often felt alone and unrelated to anyone.
George Steiner|Raphael Saadiq said to me, quite often, that Chuck D was his history teacher. And so he got a lot from the music, things that he wasn't getting maybe in school. And I feel the same way with regards to Earth, Wind & Fire, Stevie Wonder.
Debasish Mridha|Love is like gravity. You can't see it, touch it, or even feel it, but it surrounds you all the time. If love is not there you may not survive a day or a month.
Josh Billings|There is one kind of laugh that I always did recommend; it looks out of the eye first with a merry twinkle, then it creeps down on its hands and knees and plays around the mouth like a pretty moth around the blaze of a candle, then it steals over into the dimples of the cheeks and rides around in those whirlpools for a while, then it lights up the whole face like the mellow bloom on a damask rose, then it swims up on the air, with a peal as clear and as happy as a dinner-bell, then it goes back again on gold tiptoes like an angel out for an airing, and it lies down on its little bed of violets in the heart where it came from.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|When you create a soul, plant the seeds of love with your thoughts, words, and actions . The soul flourishes among the flow-ers of love.
Justin Long|If net neutrality goes away, it will fundamentally change everything about the Internet.
Marcus Aurelius|Everything that happens, happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so.
Marissa Mayer|To me, when a great band is playing together, it's amazing for me.
Sarah Ferguson|I used to go play football matches in the morning, and I'd go straight from me football game to a dance competition.
Liza M. Wiemer|The ultimate measure of a person is not her mistakes or accomplishments, but what she does with them.
Charles Yang, The Infinite Gift: How Children Learn and Unlearn the Languages of the World|Now we have come full circle to the subtitle of this book: children learn by unlearning other languages. Viewed in the Darwinian light, all humanly possible grammars compete to match the language spoken in the child's environment. And fitness, because we have competition, can be measured by the compatibility of a grammar with what a child hears in a particular linguistic environment. This theory of language takes both nature and nurture into account: nature proposes, and nurture disposes.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We live mindfully by harvesting evocative scenes to pay attention to including the mountains and oceans, flowers and trees, love and friendship, music and literature, art and poetry.
William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair|Which of us is happy in this world? Which of us has his desire? or, having it, is satisfied?
Erin O'Riordan, Cut|The nation had had two symbols of solitude, the forest and the prairies; now it had a third, the mountains.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|It is when I am cold, alone, bitterly forlorn and shuttered from all hope that you will see who I truly am. And my goal is that at those most precarious of moments, what you will see is Jesus holding you through my tears.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Sometimes, rather than just think about it, we need to feel about it. The intellect is limited or finite, while intuition connects to a sea of unlimited consciousness that expands far beyond time and space (as we know it).
James Hilton, Lost Horizon|If I could put it into a very few words, dear sir, I should say that our prevalent belief is in moderation. We inculcate the virtue of avoiding excesses of all kinds—even including, if you will pardon the paradox, excess of virtue itself.
Michael Montoure, Still Life|There’s a line you never get to cross, as long as you live. The edge of your body. You’re trapped inside your skin, and no matter how many times you reach out to touch a friend or a lover, no matter how close you hold someone or how fiercely you make love, when it begins, when it ends, and all the moments in between, you are still yourself, alone. I know you knew this. It was in all the love songs you wrote. I think it was the hidden impulse we both had, down inside, that made us take razors to our skin, that desire to open up and let the world in, to let ourselves out, to take that sharp thin line of flesh and erase it.
Maria Montessori|In Latino culture, the quinceanera's a big thing - it's when a girl becomes a woman. But I think age is just a number - you become a woman with the responsibilities you take on and the decisions you make. I started realizing that every day is a gift - you have every day to be thankful you're alive.
C.S. Lewis|The sin both of men and of angels, was rendered possible by the fact that God gave us free will.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|A decision made during a moment of weakness can ruin your life.        To date, I had made three.
Terry Brooks, A Princess of Landover|I wake upto my catsjudging me.They stareblanklyas if to say,"Is this whatyou had in mindfor your life?If it is, you maywant to considersleeping pills ora tall bridgebecause in our view,you're pathetic."Orthey're hungry.
Rhiannon Frater, The Tale Of The Vampire Bride|How did I become this monster…this creature that feasts on the blood of innocents?  I stare at my bloodstained dress and feel nothing but hatred for what I have done.  To know how callously I killed before and felt no regret, now pains me.  I killed before with no remorse.  But tonight…tonight, what I have done is unbearable. 
Ha-Joon Chang, 23 Things They Don't Tell You About Capitalism|Above a certain level of income, the relative value of material consumption vis-a-vis leisure time is diminished, so earning a higher income at the cost of working longer hours may reduce the quality of your life. More importantly, the fact that the citizens of a country work longer than others in comparable countries does not necessarily mean that they like working longer hours. They may be compelled to work long hours, even if they actually want to take longer holidays.
Dana Goldstein, The Teacher Wars: A History of America's Most Embattled Profession|Teaching is not about how we see things, it is about how children see things.
Renee Rose, Owned by the Marine|Six guns rattling rattling boom boom boomWords and flags folding, folding, foldedThe knell tolls ding ding ding ding ....
Marty Rubin|I had no goals, no ambitions. That left me free to wander and amuse myself.
C.E. Murphy, Demon Hunts|If one day I was taken away...would you wait for me to come back?"Concerned moved across his face. "Where are you going?""Just tell me, please. I need to know, without telling you anything else.""No."I swallowed and blinked back tears."I'd go after you," he said.
Richard Puz, The Carolinian|...as no one can be just without love, so no one can truly report without understanding.
Harry Patch, The Last Fighting Tommy: The Life of Harry Patch, the Oldest Surviving Veteran of the Trenches|Politicians who took us to war should have been given the guns and told to settle their differences themselves, instead of organising nothing better than legalised mass murder.
Sidney Hook|Art is the objectification of feeling, and the subjectification of nature.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|But if you happen to be a man, sometime in the future, and you've made it this far, please remember: you will never be subjected to the temptation of feeling you must forgive, a man, as a woman.
Jenny Offill, Dept. of Speculation|Men fear thought as they fear nothing else on earth -- more than ruin -- more even than death.... Thought is subversive and revolutionary,destructive and terrible,thought is merciless to privilege,established institutions,and comfortable habit.Thought looks into the pit of hell and is not afraid.Thought is great and swift and free,the light of the world, and the chief glory of man.
Samriddhi Singh|Hast thou found out, Voltaire, that it is bliss to die, And does thy hideous smile over thy bleached bones fly?
Christie Ridgway, An Offer He Can't Refuse|Have you ever kissed anybody?" he asked and took a sip.I smirked. "There aren't a whole lot of opportunitiesin the digital world. I did practice on my hand once. It didn't do anything for me".Justin coughed on the water he was swallowing and I slapped my hand over my mouth."Did I just say that aloud?" I mumbled.He was half coughing, half laughing. "Yes, you did", he managed to say.
Aaron Lauritsen|When you compete, you gain more than you lose, even when you lose.
Robert B. Parker|Modernity exists in the form of a desire to wipe out whatever came earlier, in the hope of reaching at least a point that could be called a true present, a point of origin that marks a new departure.
Guy Gavriel Kay, Tigana|When I'm all grown up, come what may,I'll build a boat to carry me away
Ashly Lorenzana|You have to believe what you're saying if you're going to convince me. I just can't break that rule, even if I want to.
Wendy Higgins, Sweet Peril|Lunch started off tense after our heated moment. Thank goodness for Blake. Kai was warm toward him, reserving his coolness for me. I watched, keeping quiet. They fought over the last piece of General Tso’s shrimp, and I had to laugh when the little thing went flying in the air and landed in a wet footprint next to the pool.“You can have it,” Kaidan graciously offered, and Blake shoved him one last time.
Louisa May Alcott, An Old-Fashioned Girl|September 11, 2001: Citizens of the U.S., besieged by terror’s sting,rose up, weeping glory, as if on eagles’ wings.--from the poem Angel of Remembrance: Candles for September 11, 2001
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|Tragedies can contain some of life’s greatest rewards and valuable lessons. Struggle makes you stronger. Pain makes you alert. Clouds bring forth the rain. As a wise man once said, ‘You seek problems because you need their gifts.’ Why would you rob someone of these benefits?
Susan Wiggs, The Hostage|If I'm all alone, then the standard for sanity is up to me entirely.
Charlie Kaufman|My father's death, my move, and my frightening and difficult delivery created a tremendous amount of stress, pain, and sadness for me. I was practically devastated beyond recovery.
Max Lucado|The Bible is the story of two gardens: Eden and Gethsemane. In the first, Adam took a fall. In the second, Jesus took a stand. In the first, God sought Adam. In the second, Jesus sought God. In Eden, Adam hid from God. In Gethsemane, Jesus emerged from the tomb. In Eden, Satan led Adam to a tree that led to his death. From Gethsemane, Jesus went to a tree that led to our life.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|You are here to evolve and make your consciousness high.You are here to dance, sing and celebrate life. You are here to help others to make their life happy. We are here not to compete, but to learn, evolve and excel. We are not here to make divisions in the name of prophets and religions. We are here to encompass the world with love and light.
Meredith Baxter|I wasn't like, 'I want to be famous.' I just wanted to be an actor. I wasn't chasing anything. I was never stressed or worried. I never had any fear of rejection or not making it, anything like that.
Laurie Buchanan, PhD|How are we supposed to live every day if we know we're going to die?' He looked at me, clearly pained by the dawning of my genetically predestined morbidity. He had been the same way as a kid. A day never went by where he didn't think about this eventual demise. He sighed, leaned back in his chair, unable to conjure a comforting answer. 'You just do'.
Shayne Colaco, Nightmare|I could have become a doctor, an engineer, a mechanic or even a car salesman but instead, I chose to be a soldier. Who was to blame? The way they glorified war back home could make anyone quit their job and join the army. The romanticized notions of being a soldier lasted till the time you had to take a life or two. After that, it all came crashing down and most of the men who signed up pulled their hair wondering why they bought into all this bullshit. We had no one to blame but ourselves. We wanted to serve this country and what better way to do it than to shoot, bomb and incinerate the enemy as our comrades fall next to us and a wife and mother somewhere hold on to a flag tightly and shed tears of loss. There was no glory in war, there was only death. These designations and medals were like magnets on a refrigerator. They didn’t mean a thing to the children who were orphaned or wives who were widowed. They didn’t mean a thing to soldiers who walked home after years on a battlefield to find their wives in bed with someone else. Yet we kept going forward, obeying every order pushed down our throats… fighting, killing.
Angela Corbett|Adam thinks that you two are in an argument."My body zinged into alert mode. My mind didn't know what Mrs. Vader meant, but my body already did. Even Sean glanced over at her with a cautious look."He does?" I asked faintly."A bad one," she confirmed."How could we be in a bad argument without me even knowing about it?
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Absolute freedom comes when we make the choice to wake up and master our individual minds, bodies, hearts, and spirits. When we have this true freedom, we no longer act upon our impulsive thoughts or emotions. We gain the capability of controlling them within ourselves, which unlocks our greatest potential to create, transmute, and transcend the Mundane reality.
A.D. Posey|Have the courage to walk in truth, the strength to love always, and the integrity to never stray away from doing so.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|I know he is--sensitive--on some points, Detective, but you must bear in mind how hard it is for an honest man to do his work in relative obscurity, while dishonest men attain wealth and renown. That is why corruption is so pernicious. It breaks the will of good men.
Jostein Gaarder, The Solitaire Mystery|Although you may not stumble across a Martian in the garden, you might stumble across yourself. The day that happens, you'll probably also scream a little. And that'll be perfectly all right, because it's not every day you realize you're a living planet dweller on a little island in the universe.
Stephanie Witter, By My Side|My mouth dropped open, because even if it wasn't my best friend, I knew the guy who was presently rubbing the short stubble on his chin. The only new thing about him was the little scar on his left eyebrow. It was Gabriel Green, known to me as Gabe the douche bag. Great!
Jack Kilborn, Serial Uncut: Extended Edition|You going to be a scientist when you grow up?” That sort of question deserved a blank stare, which it got.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Risk It, Be Different|Train your Children with Patience, Correct them in Love, Don't Discipline them out of hatred
Lionel Suggs|Sometimes, you have to step into oblivion, in order to paint success.
Thiruman Archunan|A woman who has found her match with respect to depth of soul and who has quenched her thirst with her children is no different than the women of Paradise, and the home structured around such a person is no different than the gardens of Paradise. And it is no wonder that her children, who grow up savoring affection in the shelter of this paradise, will be no different than heavenly beings. Indeed those who are fortunate enough to be raised in such an atmosphere of affection will live in state of otherworldy joy as if they have been exalted to the heavens, inspiring high spirits all around through their smiles.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Don't try to impress a loser because If one is not happy about the things happening in their life, one cannot be happy about the things happening in someone else's life.
H.G. Wells, The Time Machine|The laws of history are as absolute as the laws of physics, and if the probabilities of error are greater, it is only because history does not deal with as many humans as physics does atoms, so that individual variations count for more.
John  Adams, Letters of John Adams, Addressed to His Wife|To be GOVERNED is to be watched, inspected, spied upon, directed, law-driven, numbered, regulated, enrolled, indoctrinated, preached at, controlled, checked, estimated, valued, censured, commanded, by creatures who have neither the right nor the wisdom nor the virtue to do so. To be GOVERNED is to be at every operation, at every transaction noted, registered, counted, taxed, stamped, measured, numbered, assessed, licensed, authorized, admonished, prevented, forbidden, reformed, corrected, punished. It is, under pretext of public utility, and in the name of the general interest, to be place under contribution, drilled, fleeced, exploited, monopolized, extorted from, squeezed, hoaxed, robbed; then, at the slightest resistance, the first word of complaint, to be repressed, fined, vilified, harassed, hunted down, abused, clubbed, disarmed, bound, choked, imprisoned, judged, condemned, shot, deported, sacrificed, sold, betrayed; and to crown all, mocked, ridiculed, derided, outraged, dishonored. That is government; that is its justice; that is its morality."General Idea of the Revolution in the Nineteenth Century, translated by John Beverly Robinson (London: Freedom Press, 1923), pp. 293-294.
Michael  Rogers, Healing Monarchs|When you're alone, you harbour one hundred percent of all the good things. But this also means that you harbour all the bad things. I learnt my own goals slowed down when I was with others, but having shared the good things, sharing the pain, having that friendship excelled what I alone couldn't do. It doesn't need to be logical, friendships are a part of life, and when is that logical? Life doesn't make sense, but you don't have to live it alone.
Eugene B. Sledge, With the Old Breed: At Peleliu and Okinawa|An aching vacuum inside her sucking the air from her lungs. She hung her head and wept fiercely, the emptiness inside her growing larger not smaller; she felt as though it would grow so large it would suffocate her just as surely as the sea would have
Isaac Bashevis Singer|The work of great poetry is to aid us to become free artists ourselves...The art of reading poetry is an authentic training in the augmentation of consciousness, perhaps the most authentic of healthy modes.
Anirban Bose, The Death of Mitali Dotto|We live in a global village, Neel, where billions of voices babble simultaneously, and in this village a new hierarchy is being established, a new caste-system is being created. Only this time, it is money that sets the tone. Whoever has the most money buys the biggest loudspeaker and is the neo-Brahmin of this new world order. If the ninety-year-old neo-Brahmin on the other side of the earth is terrified of antibiotic resistant flesh-eating bacteria, we must think twice before offering treatment to a twenty-four-year old here. These are the new rules of our global village.
Robert Jackson|We need leadership that can elevate religion and morality to their position of paramount importance and thus eliminate growing selfishness, immorality and materialism.
Marie-Helene Bertino, 2 A.M. at The Cat's Pajamas|The shape of evil is much more superficiality and blindness than the usual list of hot sins. God hides, and is found, precisely in the depths of everything.
Merlyn Gabriel Miller, Sex, Death, Drugs & Madness|If we are to welcome the elderly into our communities and support them to stay there for as long as possible, if we are to attend to the social needs of our elderly citizens both inside and out of institutions, then we need both government intervention and funding, along with the community's engagement and help.
Unarine Ramaru|If you don't get any motivation from your team, there is nothing wrong with those you lead but your form of leadership.
Layne Beachley|Put your hand on your heart and ask yourself, what do I want? The first thing that comes to mind is always the right one.
Terry Brooks, The Elfstones of Shannara|Forgiving someone only absolves you from holding them accountable. When that person has not truly met that accountability, it is a weakness on your end, Miss Rachael. To forgive when they are unrepentant only relieves you of that responsibility.
Nigel Cole|A strong sense of humor, a really awesome personality, and maturity is also really important in a boyfriend. I tend to only be attracted to older guys for that reason. I just love guys who have a really strong sense of who they are.
Henry Ford|When a moment in front of me appears to be particularly special, whether it be by beauty or experience, I capture it. I usually find a reason to justify taking that photo - symmetry, or color, or contrast - and it's my hope that my photography sheds light onto what I see and do on a daily basis.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Match Me If You Can|I'm not a snob. Ask anybody. Well, anybody who matters.
Marcus Samuelsson|A man can live and be healthy without killing animals for food; therefore, if he eats meat, he participates in taking animal life merely for the sake of his appetite.
Paul Harding, Tinkers|As long as she persisted in her belief that bafflement justified her actions, she felt confident no one would contradict her.
Keith Buckley, Scale: A Novel|If one is fooled by magic, then isn't the magic as good as real?
Rainer Maria Rilke|The more we speak of solitude, the clearer it becomes that at the bottom it is not something one can choose to take or leave. We are lonely. One can deceive oneself about it and act as if it were not so. That is all. But it is so much better to see that we are so, indeed even to presuppose it. It will make us dizzy, of course; because all the focal points on which our eyes were used to resting are taken away from us, there is nothing near us anymore, and everything distant is infinitely distant.
Federico Chini, The Sea Of Forgotten Memories|The loss of a loved one is like the loss of a part of oneself; an arm or a leg. At first, the pain is so physical that it is hard to ignore. The trauma is so intense that the mind finds it hard to cope with the loss. With time the pain eases, the body recovers and the brain figures out new ways to go on.
Sue Perkins, Spectacles|Sometimes we don't want to be tethered to yesterday. It's nicer to forget. Maybe the gaps in our memory are there for a reason, evolutionary perhaps, to give us the space to grow, to get away from childishness or childish things. Or maybe it's so we have the chance to invent, or at least include, some magic in our yesterdays, surely the consolation of getting older, of moving away from youth, is that we can shape our past to our fantasies. So, even if the present isn't going the way we want it, we can stand and remember our earlier selves as exciting and funny and daring
Brook Tesla, iPooKee|Never underestimate what teens can understand or do. They're smart, creative, and fresh-minded. I wish I was one.
Lily Tomlin|Fashion fosters cliches of beauty, but I want to tear them apart.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Darkness should never be an excuse to quit, for with God, darkness is the exact stuff that light was built for.
Stephen Fry|It's now very common to hear people say, 'I'm rather offended by that.' As if that gives them certain rights. It's actually nothing more... than a whine. 'I find that offensive.' It has no meaning; it has no purpose; it has no reason to be respected as a phrase. 'I am offended by that.' Well, so fucking 
Northrop Frye, Anatomy of Criticism|We of this age have discovered a shorter, and more prudent method to become scholars and wits, without the fatigue of reading or of thinking.
E.W. Howe|When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it.
Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay|It is a mystery,' said Detritus.Vimes grinned mirthlessly. It was a mystery. And he didn't like mysteries. Mysteries had a way of getting bigger if you didn't solve them quickly. Mysteries pupped.
Alistair Brownlee|Without your health, you've got nothing going on. I thank God every day for good health.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To ‘pretend’ is to say that I’m willing to waste the precious energy that it takes to pretend, and I’m unwilling to cultivate the bravery that it takes to be real. And I am at a complete loss to pretend that either of these aren’t true.
Peter Frederick Strawson, Introduction to Logical Theory|You must sit down to speak this language,It is so heavy you can't be polite or chatter in it.For once you have begun a sentence, the whole course of your life is laid out before you"-quoted in "The Geography of Bliss
Swami Vivekananda|The knowing ones must have pity on the ignorant.One who knows is willing to give up his body even for an ant,because he knows that the body is nothing.
Shannon L. Alder|Half of the time, the Holy Ghost tries to warn us about certain people that come into our life. The other half of the time he tries to tell us that the sick feeling we get in a situation is not the other person’s fault, rather it is our own hang-ups. A life filled with bias, hatred, judgment, insecurity, fear, delusion and self-righteousness can cloud the soul of anyone you meet. Our job is never to assume,instead it is to listen, communicate, ask questions then ask more, until we know the true depth of someone’s spirit.
Emanuel Swedenborg|In the spiritual body moreover, man appears such as he is with respect to love and faith, for everyone in the spiritual world is the effigy of his own love, not only as to the face and the body, but also as to the speech and the actions
Alexa Vega|Teen authors love to flirt with taboo, to grapple - sensitively - with dark and frightening issues, and there is nothing darker and more frightening than cancer.
Andy Warhol|Beauty is also submitted to the taste of time, so a beautiful woman from the Belle Epoch is not exactly the perfect beauty of today, so beauty is something that changes with time.
Love L. Sechrest|If you’re looking for fast driving there’s a dragway in the southwestern part of the county. It opens next week.”“Do you race there?” he asks.“Yes.” And I plan on spending a lot of time there over the next six weeks.“Isaiah.” Beth attempts to step in between us, but Logan angles himself so that she can’t. “That’s not why I brought him here.”An insane glint strikes the guy’s eyes and all of a sudden, I feel a connection to him. A twitch of his lips shows he might be my kind of crazy. “How fast do the cars there go?”“Some guys hit speeds of 120 mph in an eighth mile.”“No!” Beth stomps her foot. “No. I promised Ryan nothing crazy would happen. Logan, this is not why I brought you here.”“Have you hit those speeds?” He swats his hand at Beth as if she’s a fly, earning my respect. Most guys would be terrified of having their balls ripped off and handed to them for dismissing Beth like that.“Not driving my car, I haven’t,” I answer honestly. But I hope to with Rachel’s car, and with mine, after a few modifications. “Speed can be bought. Just depends on how much you want to spend.”Logan offers his hand. “I’m Logan.”“Isaiah,” I say as we shake.“Shit,” mumbles Beth.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|My inward experience has often been a wilderness; but Thou hast owned me still as Thy beloved, and poured streams of love and grace into me to gladden me, and make me fruitful.
Walter Mosley, Black Genius: African-American Solutions to African-American Problems|The life most of us live are lives we are forced to live by immediate needs, influences, and pressures.
Rachel Caine, Kiss of Death|I can't leave her now. I like her too much. There, I said it. But I won't say it again.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|I didn't hit other people or hit purposefully, I just hit. Some object would be at fault. My anger was at myself, every time, all vanity. As an adolescent I was a slammer of drawers and a packer of suitcases. I was responsible for scenes.Control came imperfectly to all of us: we reached it at different times of life, frustrated, shot into indignation, by different things - some that are grown out of, and others not.Of all my strong emotions, anger is the one least responsible for any of my work. I don't write out of anger. For one thing, simply as a fiction writer, I am minus an adversary - except, of course, that of time - and for another thing, the act of writing in itself brings me happiness.
Ruskin Bond, Scenes from a Writer's Life|and when all the wars are over, a butterfly will still be beautiful.
George Michael Sinclair Kennedy|What I'm going to do up here, kid, is tell you a story. Like all stories, it's an attempt to make sense of something larger than itself. And, like most stories, it fails, to a certain degree. It's a gloss, a rendition, so it's not exact. But it'll do. -Silenus
Maurice Merleau-Ponty, Phenomenology of Perception|the real is coherent and probable because it is real, and not real because it is coherent...
M.F. Moonzajer|The ones who say "you can't" and "you won't" are probably the ones that are scared that you will.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|Let's just go in and enjoy ourselves,' Yvonne had said after a long moment when the Hitchens family had silently reviewed the menu—actually of the prices not the courses—outside a restaurant on our first and only visit to Paris. I knew at once that the odds against enjoyment had shortened (or is it lengthened? I never remember).
Pramoedya Ananta Toer, The Mute's Soliloquy: a Memoir|I came to see that man finds meaning in his existence only through the active demonstration of his human self, a cosmos comprising the entire constellation of life's factors: culture, civilization, tradition, history, ideals, facts, physical conditions, one's mental state, the ecology, and so on.
Alessandra Torre, Moonshot|I thought women enjoyed affairs. I thought they got sparks of pleasure at the buzz of their phone, thought they ran around with a glow, their world suddenly on fire with new love. I thought they were women with terrible husbands and unhappy lives, an affair the first step in an eventual ending of their marriage. I thought that they were horrible, selfish women. I never thought that I would be one of them. I never thought that I'd be so weak. It turned out being the perfect wife was only easy when there was no temptation, no mistake haunting and overshadowing your marriage.
Alex Woodard, For The Sender: Love Letters From Vietnam|Standing there shuffling the memories on the counter, I remember what I sometimes forget. Forgiveness. Compassion. Gratitude. Three roads leading to being here now, where we can give the next moment a chance to exist without prejudice, so we can love what’s here, while it’s still here: each other, ourselves, our freedom." - excerpt from FOR THE SENDER: Love Letters from Vietnam
Jones Kofi Apawu|Even if you aren't independent or career wise, at least show that you have a passion for life and an optimistic outlook.
Sumit Kumar Mallik|And, to be true, an enemy's lair is an enemy's lair, no matter how comfortable or fancy it might appear.
Henry Hazlitt, Thinking as a Science|The only way we could remember would be by constant re-reading, for knowledge unused tends to drop out of mind. Knowledge used does not need to be remembered; practice forms habits and habits make memory unnecessary. The rule is nothing; the application is everything.
Courtney Brooks, S.H.E. Serenity, Hope, & Encouragement: For Daily Motivation|Everything of value, doesn't come with a price tag
Bianca Giovanni, Revealed|I'm going to make love to you, Lanie. I'm not your first, but I will be the last.
Stanisław Lem, Solaris|Each of us is aware he's a material being, subject to the laws of physiology and physics, and that the strength of all our emotions combined cannot counteract those laws. It can only hate them. The eternal belief of lovers and poets in the power of love which is more enduring that death, the finis vitae sed non amoris that has pursued us through the centuries is a lie. But this lie is not ridiculous, it's simply futile. To be a clock on the other hand, measuring the passage of time, one that is smashed and rebuilt over and again, one in whose mechanism despair and love are set in motion by the watchmaker along with the first movements of the cogs. To know one is a repeater of suffering felt ever more deeply as it becomes increasingly comical through a multiple repetitions. To replay human existence - fine. But to replay it in the way a drunk replays a corny tune pushing coins over and over into the jukebox?
Craig Briggs, Journey to a Dream|As well as writing, 2004 saw my first attempt at wine making: the elixir of life. Unfortunately, my effort tasted more like the elixir of death.
Sushil Singh, व्यस्त लोगों के लिये ध्यान|Religion is a good time pass, better than philosophy, and a million times better than love; love is a wastage of an era.
G.K. Chesterton|The Mullahs and monks, they must worship you instead of empty rooms.
Molly Vonk|Do you not know? Dolls are nothing until someone decides to pick them up and use them. During that time they are whatever they are expected to be. Whatever is commanded of them. You say I am not a doll, but like everyone else that is exactly what you want me to be. A lovely toy you may amuse yourself with... But remember, General, that when playtime is over and the doll has been returned to her shelf, the pretty shell you see? That is what she really is. Everything else is pretend.
irak.ibrahim hussain didi|Even in times of famine, we have more than enough to eat.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|A positive attitude creates a passion that wakes a leader up. To the leader, attitude is more powerful than an alarm clock. Positive attitude in true leadership is what makes an alarm clock unnecessary!
Deb Caletti, Stay|The way two people can and everything place, find each other in a crowd, and change your life the lives of the people around them forever... It makes you believe in fate. In fate love some extra authority. Some destined significance." Wow, very powerful.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|No going around it, no short cuts, no laying of hands, no amount of service, no amount of prophecy, without hard work, everything else goes to waste.
Glenda Millard, A Small Free Kiss in the Dark|Sometimes I can see colour without opening my eyes. I saw that Billy's heart was no colour and every colour. Like water or diamonds or crystals, it's pure and reflects the light.
Debasish Mridha|To find love, be loving first.
Gary Reilly, Ticket To Hollywood|In that moment, Dan was reminded why he wanted to write in the first place. It was the same reason anybody does anything -- to impress women.(Jeremy Goodwin, Sports Night)
Ed Brubaker, Fatale, Book One: Death Chases Me|I loved you, you know... It's not my fault the world is what it is.
Michelle Lovric, The Undrowned Child|When the waiter brought the cheese-board, there was a large carrot carved in the shape of a mermaid sitting between the Dolcelatte and the Pecorino. Teo could have sworn that the carrot-mermaid flexed her tail and plunged her little hand inside a smelly Gorgonzola. 'Tyromancy, ye know,' remarked the mermaid. 'The Ancient Art of Divination by Cheese.' Then she pulled her tiny hand out and inspected the green cheese-mold on her tiny fingers. 'Lackaday!' she moaned. 'Stinking! It goes poorly for Venice and Teodora, it do!
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|He thought of her often, and he missed the companionship they'd once shared and the friendship that had been the bedrock of their marriage at its best.
Sunday Adelaja|If you know who you are, you do not need to consider yourself to be worse or better than someone else
C.K. Webb|People ask me all the time, "Where do your ideas come from?" So, to clear up this question...I keep my ideas inside the mind of a tiny man who is tied up in my closet!
Dorothy Parker, The Portable Dorothy Parker|When you have a persistent sense of heartbreak and gutwrench, the physical sensations become intolerable and we will do anything to make those feelings disappear. And that is really the origin of what happens in human pathology. People take drugs to make it disappear, and they cut themselves to make it disappear, and they starve themselves to make it disappear, and they have sex with anyone who comes along to make it disappear and once you have these horrible sensations in your body, you’ll do anything to make it go away.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Family love is messy, clinging, and of an annoying and repetitive pattern, like bad wallpaper.
Idries Shah, Thinkers of the East|If you forsake a path, it is because you were hoping for conviction from it. You seek conviction, not self-knowledge.
Deyth Banger|How do you know that you know?How do you know that this books are really made by Einstein and also are saved as how they are made, I mean the text which is written by Einstein is the same as now you see it.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|July 22, 2009At times I still feel lost, but I also feel the comfort of my Lord through the physical pain and the mental challenges. I know He’s there. I can feel Him in the sun beaming down on my brown skin. It feels like love and comfort. It feels like He’s holding me when I suffer and I’m not alone.
Jeaniene Frost, Destined for an Early Grave|Bones has always been smart," I muttered. "His intelligence was just camouflaged under a mountain of p**sy."Cat
Sam Starbuck, The Dead Isle|I'm American. Like I told you. And I'm American and not something else because they failed that day. They couldn't do it and most of them probably knew they couldn't do it before they even started, but they went anyhow. There's honor in that. I don't reckon there's much honor left in the world now, but they had it that day and I honor them on both sides by knowing what I can about it. Much as I can.
John Hegarty, Hegarty on Advertising|Advertising is far more than just a communications industry. It's a problem-solving industry that also teaches you about life, how it encourages you to focus your thinking and produce something of genuine value. Why? Because that will make the advertising task so much easier. You're not equipped with a unique set of insights and experiences across a broad range of markets, allowing you to bring clarity and inspiration to anything you wish to produce.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|I never approve, or disapprove, of anything now. It is an absurd attitude to take towards life.
Frank Herbert, Dune Messiah|The two studied one another for what seemed hours, neither saying a word. Jaden’s first inclination was to yell and demand his freedom, but something held him back. Here was a new man, and a new set of mind games. He waited for the old man to speak first and introduce himself, as Dalton had upon their first formal meeting. The stranger remained silent.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn|She wasn’t broken.She was made up of a thousand tiny little cracks.She was always trying to keep herself glued together.But it was hard, she felt too much.No matter what she did, her emotions seeped through,sometimes in drips, other times in floods,She felt everything,the heaviness of the clouds right before rain,the rush of the subway cars as they left the station,the feeling of goodbye as she watched someone walk away,wondering if it was the last time she would see them,the feeling of a kiss lingering on her cheek for hours.She felt the loneliness of the sun as it hung in the sky,shedding light on the day,without companion.And she longed to give as much as the sun.If she could brighten someone’s day,bestow warmth were there was cold,make someone smile, give someone hope,then for a minute, an hour, maybe even a day,the cracks would fill with loveand the pain would become only a voice,reminding her that her pain was important.She knew how fragile life was, how hard,and how precious.She wanted to feel it all.
Marion Cotillard|Yes, I've been trepanned. That's quite an interesting experience, especially for my brain surgeon, who saw my thoughts flying around in my brain.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whenever, you face a challenge, it is time for a change.
James Schannep, Infected|Money’ll always end up bad. Man’s greed and man’s killer instinct go hand-in-hand. Watch a barracuda attack something shiny and you’ll see what our fascination with gold is. Think about it. We give actually valuable things like food and shelter for stones. We kill for it. Make no mistake, behind every man who seeks his fortune is a predator.
Debasish Mridha|When someone is unkind, respond with kindness.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|All men and women on earth were created with two eyes. The left eye represents the moon (mind/ego) and the right eye represents the sun (heart/conscience). Both eyes represent the duality of human nature. The sun represents the light in the heart of man, and the moon represents the darkness in the mind of man. When you read in ancient and religious scriptures that the enemy of humanity will surface with only one eye, this simply means that this being will only see through his left eye and neglect the right. And without the light of the right eye, this being will be very dark and evil.
Thomas Angelo|You know, I think it's important to keep a balance in things. Yeah, balance, that's the right word. Cause the guy who wants too much risks losing absolutely everything. Of course, the one who wants too little from life, might not get anything at all.
Rick Yancey, The Monstrumologist|The monsters are gone.""Really?" Doubtful."I killed the monsters. That's what fathers do.
Paolo Giordano, The Solitude of Prime Numbers|I had a cup of tea, thought about my day and mostly about the horse whom, though I'd only known him a short time, I called my friend. I have few friends and am glad to have a horse for a friend. After the meal I smoked a cigarette and mused on the luxury it would be to go out, instead of talking to myself and boring myself to death with the same endless stories I'm forever telling myself. I am a very boring person, despite my enormous intelligence and distinguished appearance, and nobody knows this better than I. I've often told myself that if only I were given the opportunity, I'd perhaps become the centre of intellectual society. But by dint of talking to myself so much, I tend to repeat the same things all the time. But what can you expect? I'm a recluse.
Jagdish Joghee|There was no use feeling guilty about getting on to the ship when you are in the middle of the ocean. If you felt guilty or sorry, you had only one option – drown in the middle of the sea.
Annabel Fanning, She|I had a lot of nights alone,” Kelly said. Nick raised his head, and their noses brushed. Kelly’s breath was warm against his lips. “I called your name every damn time.
James Scott|We didn't install the [Code Red] patch on those DMZ systems because they were only used for development and testing. — Anonymous client, shortly after spending 48 continuous hours removing 2001's Code Red worm from internal corporate servers
William Christopher|I hope, by God's grace, that I am truly a Christian, not deviating from the faith, and that I would rather suffer the penalty of a terrible death than wish to affirm anything outside of the faith or transgress the commandments of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Merritt Y. Hughes, Ten Perspectives on Milton|God is the supreme uncreated light of which Wisdom is born, but there was never a time when God's Wisdom did not exist.
Sami Abouzid|I create my music for fun not because I have to, that is why it sounds magical and unique
A.E. Via|This fucking city is full of nothing but thugs, money grubbing porn-bitches, and hustlers. I’m calling the police.” Ex fumed as he struggled to pull his cell from his pocket.If Syn weren't so damn angry it would’ve been funny as shit the way the man’s jaw dropped when God and Day both pulled their gold badges out from under their shirts. Day smiled that sinister grin and kneeled in front of them, speaking in an official tone, “911, what is your emergency?
Garry Crystal, Leaving London|Well, you may think you have all your ducks in a row, that your life is sorted. You might have the perfect house, the perfect job, the perfect life, nothing to worry about and then something can come along and end all of that in a second. It’s absolutely beyond your control. You can’t plan for unexpected things. And then people start saying, as a way of coping with this latest catastrophe, that it was meant to happen, it was fate. It’s not fate, it’s not some greater force out there. It’s just life and you cannot control life.
Aidan Turner|Tell him he can have my title, but I want it back in the morning.
Keisha Keenleyside|He realized without being aware of it that he had had the possibility to know her, before – had he known her? – but now that had changed. The possibility was gone. Now no one would know her unless she herself willed it. And there was nothing quite like the will he sensed in her now.
Lauren Willig, The Temptation of the Night Jasmine|If the guy likes/loves you, he won't care if you are a good kisser or not.He should like you for what you are - not how you kiss.
David Llewellyn, Trace Memory|Stay in the car Nick""okay."Ash gets out abd goes to look at the dead body."For an immortal being with 11,000 years under his belt Ash sure is stupid." Nick gets out and sees the blood."That's a lot of blood." Nick's book starts sending him an alert. "What Lassie? You going to tell Timmy about the well?" pulls out book, and opens it. words start to appear.LOOK AND YOUWILL SEE THATWHICH WAS CANNEVER BE.WHEN THEYSEEK A BOYYOUR AGE...... RUN, YOUFLIPPINMORON, RUN!"I'm not gonna argue with my book on that. The safest place is with Ash.
Maureen Corrigan, Leave Me Alone, I'm Reading: Finding and Losing Myself in Books|If you want to be relevant only in your household, then you only need to know the things that are important in your house, and if you want to be relevant in your neighborhood, you need to know what's important in your neighborhood. The same thing applies to your city, state, and country. And if you want to be relevant to the entire world, program that computer known as your brain with all kinds of information from everywhere in order to prepare yourself.
H. Burke Peterson|The less you look to others,the more you find in yourself.What have you found in yourself.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The Gulag Archipelago|The face of "evil" is always the face of total need. A dope fiend is a man in total need of dope. Beyond a certain frequency need knows absolutely no limit or control. In the words of total need: "Wouldn't you?" Yes you would. You would lie, cheat, inform on your friends, steal, do anything to satisfy total need. Because you would be in a state of total sickness, total possession, and not in a position to act in any other way. Dope fiends are sick people who cannot act other than they do. A rabid dog cannot choose but bite.
Stevie Ray Vaughan|No true believer could be intolerant or a persecutor. If I were a magistrate and the law carried the death penalty against atheists, I would begin by sending to the stake whoever denounced another.
Dean Koontz, The Dead Town|...this refinement and delicacy were what Cale adored; but Cale had been beaten into shape, hammered in dreadful fires of fear and pain. How could she be with him for long? A secret part of Arbell had been searching for some time for a way to leave her lover—although she was unaware of this, it is only fair to record. And so as Cale waited for her to save him while he worked out a way of saving her, she had already chosen the bitter but reasonable path of the good, of the many over the one...
G.K. Chesterton, The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare|Believe me, if all those endearing young charms,Which I gaze on so fondly to-day,Were to change by to-morrow, and fleet in my arms,Live fairy-gifts fading away,Thou wouldst still be adored, as this moment thou art,Let thy loveliness fade as it will,And around the dear ruin each wish of my heartWould entwine itself verdantly still.It is not while beauty and youth are thine own,And thy cheeks unprofaned by a tear,That the fervor and faith of a soul may be known,To which time will but make thee more dear!No, the heart that has truly loved never forgets,But as truly loves on to the close,As the sunflower turns on her god when he setsThe same look which she turned when he rose!
Ray Lamontagne|But everything I have to give, I'll give to you
Siddharth Dhanvant Shanghvi, The Last Song of Dusk|He felt that race was not a characteristic that was a part of his identity, but one that was projected upon him by the gaze of others who looked on him; as such it was ephemeral, there and gone as soon as the gaze was broken.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|You will say that these are very small sins; and doubtless, like all young tempters, you are anxious to be able to report spectacular wickedness. But do remember, the only thing that matters is the extent to which you separate the man from the Enemy. It does not matter how small the sins are provided that their cumulative effect is to edge the man away from the Light and out into the Nothing. Murder is no better than cards if cards can do the trick. Indeed the safest road to Hell is the gradual one-the gentle slope, soft underfoot, without sudden turnings, without milestones, without signposts.
Jerry Bridges, The Pursuit of Holiness|We are to count on this fact that we are dead to sin's rule, that we can stand up to it and say no. Therefore we are to guard our bodies so that sin does not reign in us. So we see that God has made provision for our holiness. Through Christ He has delivered us from sin's reign so that we can now resist sin. But the responsibility for resisting is ours.
Emily Browning|I like movies. Movies have afforded me a modicum of luxuries. The thing about the movies is, if you're bad in a movie, you're bad forever.
M. Latimer-Ridley, Temperance|But, it’s not what they think of you that matters, it’s what you think of yourself. If I’d said something mean to them, I wouldn't like myself very much.
Keira Andrews, Semper Fi|She’s a kid. Nothing to be afraid of. You’ve faced scores of bloodthirsty enemy soldiers happily willing to die if it meant killing you. You can handle one little girl.”~ CalExcerpt From: Andrews, Keira. “Semper Fi.” iBooks. This material may be protected by copyright.
Christine Celis, Snippets of Imagery|When things are finally falling into the right places, something happens that puts you back to square one.
Mehmet Murat ildan|As long as we are stronger than our troubles, we will always see them left behind us!
Mehmet Murat ildan|Anywhere in the world, if you see a law which is protecting the rapists, you must know that this law has been prepared by the rapists!
D.S. Mixell|You are Innocent, you can't be otherwise, there is no other way, even in your lust, greed, hatred, cunningness, you're INNOCENT, because you wanted to overpower others, nature with your stupidity. Stop this absurd ACT, Be Aware, Trust Existence!
Cyrus the Great|We love ourselves notwithstanding our faults, and we ought to love our friends in like manner.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|It is always painful to part from people whom one has known for a brief space of time. The absence of old friends one can endure with equanimity, But even a momentary separation from anyone to whom one has just been introduced is almost unbearable.
Barbara Katz Rothman|Whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life, or whether that station will be held by anybody else, these pages must show. To begin my life with the beginning of my life, I record that I was born (as I have been informed and believe) on a Friday, at twelve o’clock at night. It was remarked that the clock began to strike, and I began to cry, simultaneously.
Howard Schultz|My dad is the reason I actually started watching wrestling. My dad was never big into sports; we were all big into sports as kids, and he'd go to our Little League games or whatever and not really know what was going on, because he didn't know about sports, but he knew about wrestling.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|You will be stuck with you for the rest of your life so learn to be your own best friend. Take a moment, look at yourself in the mirror, and say, “I love you.” It feels awkward at first. Do it anyway. Begin a great friendship with YOU!
Joseph Brodsky, On Grief and Reason: Essays|The nature of the mind is to acquire, to absorb, is it not? Or rather the pattern it has created for itself is one of gathering in, and in that very activity the mind is preparing its own weariness, boredom. Interst, curiosity, is the beginning of acquisition, wich soon becomes boredom; and the urge to be free from boredom is another form of possession. So the mingd goes from boredom to interest to boredom again, til it is utterly weary; and these successive waves of interest and weariness are regarded as existence. "Commentaries on Living, Series II
V.S. Ramachandran, The Tell–Tale Brain – A Neuroscientist`s Quest for What Makes Us Human|It is difficult to overstate the importance of understanding mirror neurons and their function. They may well be central to social learning, imitation, and the cultural transmission of skills and attitudes—perhaps even of the pressed-together sound clusters we call words. By hyperdeveloping the mirror-neuron system, evolution in effect turned culture into the new genome. Armed with culture, humans could adapt to hostile new environments and figure out how to exploit formerly inaccessible or poisonous food sources in just one or two generations—instead of the hundreds or thousands of generations such adaptations would have taken to accomplish through genetic evolution.Thus culture became a significant new source of evolutionary pressure, which helped select brains that had even better mirror-neuron systems and the imitative learning associated with them. The result was one of the many self-amplifying snowball effects that culminated in Homo sapiens, the ape that looked into its own mind and saw the whole cosmos reflected inside.
Stefano Benni, Margherita Dolce Vita|When you value someone, it merely shows that you truly have no idea about the person that they aren't showing you.
Tobias Wolff, This Boy's Life|Believe me, Nóra. An old broom knows the dirty corners best
J.R. Ward, Lover Enshrined|Just once" Blay said softly. "Do it just once. So I'll know what it's like."Qhuinn started to shake his head. "No...I don't think–""Yes"After a moment, Qhuinn slid both his hands up Blay's thick neck and captured the male's sturdy jaw in his palms. "You sure?"When Blay nodded, Qhuinn titled his friend's head back and to the side and held it in place as he slowly closed the distance. Just before their mouths touched, Blay's eyelashes fluttered down and he trembled 
Peter Hart|It’s not just tougher out there. It’s become a situation where the contest is how much you can destroy the system, rather than how much you can make it work. It makes no difference if you have a ‘D’ or an ‘R’ after your name. There’s no sense that this is about democracy, and after the election you have to work together, and knit the country together. The people in the game now just think to the first Tuesday in November, and not a day beyond it.
Fynn, Mister God, This is Anna|A healthy argument, even with an idiot, is always good; it opens one's eyes to own misunderstandings.
G.S. Jennsen, Dissonance|We’ll go along with it for now. Valkyrie, keep close watch and be ready to swoop to the rescue.”‘Hopefully swooping will not be required, nor rescue. But I am ready to do both.’He squeezed her hand. “Alex?”“I’m ready, too.
J. J. Watt|The key is to get to know people and trust them to be who they are. Instead, we trust people to be who we want them to be - and when they're not, we cry.
Emily Giffin, Heart of the Matter|his unwavering confidence - but now, it feels like a brand of indifference
Keith Olbermann|Abraham Lincoln did not shoot John Wilkes Booth. Titanic did not sink a North Atlantic iceberg. And Fox News is neither fair nor balanced. These are simple historical facts intelligible to all adults, most children, and some of your more discerning domesticated animals. But not... to Bill O
Seneca, Epistulae Morales Ad Lucilium: Latin Text|The one who says he doesn't understand anything about art, doesn't know himself.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Like it or not, your life—what works well and what doesn't—is largely the result of the first impressions you have created along the way.
Mahatma Gandhi|I have learnt through bitter experience the one supreme lesson to conserve my anger, and as heat conserved is transmuted into energy, even so our anger controlled can be transmuted into a power which can move the world.
Mary Oliver|Slowly, Anna put up a hand to his muzzle and began to scratch that spot behind the ear where large dogs keep their souls.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|A genius masters the art of observation, and unites with the source of imagination to create advancements in the cause for human evolution.
Arthur C. Clarke, Expedition To Earth|The truth is that Trout, like Vonnegut and Ray Bradbury and many others, writes parables. These are set in frames which have become called, for no good reason, science fiction. A better generic term would be 'future fairy tales'. And even this is objectionable, since many science fiction stories take place in the present or the past, far and near.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|One mustn't refuse the unusual, if it is offered to one.
Wagner Moura|The good Lord is amazing; He opens up doors. I was close to abandoning the dream, and He was like, 'Hey, slow down there, buddy.'
Bram Stoker, Dracula|She has man's brain--a brain that a man should have were he much gifted--and woman's heart. The good God fashioned her for a purpose, believe me when He made that so good combination.
Ella Leya, The Orphan Sky|Fixate on whole cultures, not specific pieces of poverty. No specific intervention is going to turn around the life of a child or an adult in any consistent way, but if you can surround a person with a new culture, and different web of relationships, then they will absorb new habits of thought and behavior in ways you will never be able to measure or understand. And if you do surround that person with a new, enriching culture, then you had better keep surrounding them with it, because if they slip back into a different culture, and most of the gains will fade away.
EverSkeptic|Don't waste water on washing your shirt, use photoshop!
Deborah Tannen|For many young women, the dream of independence and a home of their own is a tantalising goal, while a lifetime devoted solely to catering for another person's needs would be hard to countenance.
Rae Hachton, Pretty In Black|We who are immortal, we are chained to this life by a chain of gold, and we dare not sever it for fear of what lies beyond the drop.
Lee  Goff|The prideful man qualifies himself by what people think of him, always looking for applause. There is another proud man; head bloodied by the world but eyes focused on what is good, never caring about spectators or the cost. He is proud that his wife can laugh, that his children can play, humbled by their love for him. His prayers say, "Please make me worthy of them" - In humility lies the foundation of strength.
Paul Graham|Energy and environmental regulation, transportation, and broadband policy all benefit when legislators have a basic grounding in the technical concepts behind business models, products, and innovation.
Euginia Herlihy|The good company counts in your life, make a right choice because bad company will eat you alive.
Mike Cernovich, Gorilla Mindset: How to Control Your Thoughts and Emotions to Live Life on Your Terms|Imagine a computer. The monitor, keyboard, and processor are the hardware. Without any software to run it, your computer would be worthless. Your body is your hardware and your mindset is your operating system. It gives you access to the power of the hardware, and determines what software you can run. It lets you get the most out of your computer, allowing you to balance your checkbook and even create 3-D designs. Your mindset determines how you perceive and interact with the world.
Hans Küng, On Being a Christian|Even manifestly senseless suffering and death can have a meaning, can acquire a meaning. a hidden meaning.
Leon Foucault|A small house must depend on its grouping with other houses for its beauty, and for the preservation of light air and the maximum of surrounding open space.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|Of course what I'm about to share isn't true for me but...Friends, somebody said, are "god's apology for relations." (p. 129)
Marguerite Kaye, The Widow and the Sheikh|There is nothing more effective in igniting a man's desire than a woman's passion. To see the fire in your eyes, to feel the fire in your blood as you touch me, it sets me on fire too. Do you imagine I would prefer to kiss a woman who responds only with -- with compliance? No, I would not. No red-blooded man would. Never apologize for passion. Restraint, Julia, has no place in lovemaking.
Tracie Miles, Stressed-Less Living: Finding God's Peace in Your Chaotic World|As we become more mature in faith, learning to trust that God is capable of all things, we will see God as bigger and bigger every time we encounter Him.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|The paradox is the result of two opposing truths existing side by side, which can be both right.
Lana Axe|But if you don't understand that story is character and not just idea, you will not be able to breathe life into even the most intriguing flash of inspiration.
J.A. Ironside, I Belong to the Earth|How did you get so scratched up then, Emlynn?” He looked at me uncertainly again.I felt wildly like laughing. Too many swooping highs and plummeting lows. What a weird fewdays. Weird being a massive understatement.“Cr-Crawling through gorse bushes.” I took a perverse delight in answering his questions in a way that told him nothing at all. I’d never paid much attention to boys before. Maybe Grace was onto something after all.“Crawling through gorse,” he repeated. “Part of your action-girl antics, no doubt?”“N-no doubt.” I smirked again.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, The Illusion of "Truth": The Real Jesus Behind the Grand Myth|Visionaries have two principal means to immediately communicate insights beyond people’s mundane, common mindset. They can liken awareness to equivalent situations in life to which the listener can relate – using metaphor, analogy and other grammatical tools to picture points. Or they can illustrate how listeners can gain such awareness – a path to proceed on, techniques to engage, what to look for within.
Anthony Liccione|If you think the most courageous and difficult thing you can do is stubbornly stand your ground, try graciously giving in.
Robert E. Howard|Civilized men are more discourteous than savages because they know they can be impolite without having their skulls split, as a general thing.
Tracey Emin|Oh Christ, I just wanted you to fuck me. And then I became greedy, I wanted you to love me.
Richard Wright, Black Boy|I felt that it was unfair that my lack of a few pounds of flesh should deprive me of a chance at a good job but I had long ago emotionally rejected the world in which I lived and my reaction was: Well, this is the system by which people want the world to run whether it helps them or not. To me, my losing was only another manifestation of that queer, material way of American living that computed everything in terms of the concrete: weight, color, race, fur coats, radios, electric refrigerators, cars, money ... It seemed that I simply could not fit into a materialistic life.
Brad McKinniss, Beast Machine|They know how to eat, shit, drive their cars, do menial work, watch television and produce equally stupid spawns of themselves; what the hell are they doing to help mankind?
Carole Cummings|Caidi to Jacin: "Do you know why I love you?"Jacin: "No."Caidi: "Because you love so big, even when you don't want to. Because you can't help it. And because you need it back, but you don't know how to take it.
Jason Day|In various fields, such as science, technology, sports, business and the arts, immigrants enrich our culture every single day.
Roger Ebert|A lot of film people are like that– especially the ones below the line, the blue-collar guys, the grunts. They like putting their hands on the equipment and getting it to do things for them. It's not about art or ideas. It's about working at something and making it come out right.
Kohta Hirano|Man cries, his tears dry up and run out. So he becomes a devil, reduced to a monster.
Anton Chekhov, The Complete Short Novels|And you know once a man has fished, or watched the thrushes hovering in flocks over the village in the bright, cool, autumn days, he can never really be a townsman, and to the day of his death he will be drawn to the country.
Casey Robinson|All people are lonely in some ways. Some people are lonely in all ways."Now, Voyager" - Movie, 1942.
Heather Nova, The Sorrowjoy|I keep going backas if Im looking for something I have lostback to the motherland, sisterland, fatherlandback to the beacon, the breastthe smell and taste of the breeze,and the singing of the rain.
Lorna Jane Cook, Outside Wonderland|When something small loudly demands all our attention, its noise often drowns out the whisper of what's enormously important.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Risk It, Be Different|Dining with the King; your attire, attitude and mentality must change.
Daniel P Buckley|Cheers went up around the decks as the Dolphins oars began to move as one in and out shifting and cutting away at the sea beneath, SICANIA RISING
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Oh, but she never wanted James to grow a day older or Cam either. These two she would have liked to keep for ever just as the way they were, demons of wickedness, angels of delight, never to see them grow up into long-legged monsters.
Frank Herbert, Dune Messiah|A thorough investigation would prove that nine crimes out of ten could be traced, directly or indirectly, to our economic and social iniquities, to our system of remorseless exploitation and robbery.
Rafael Sabatini, Scaramouche|When she asked what my father taught me, I told her I couldn't put it into words. But then I lay awake watching the snow fall outside and came up with this: how brave a thing it was for him to try to rediscover something, even if it was only himself, not a continent.
Natalie Goldberg, Writing Down the Bones: Freeing the Writer Within|...A secure future seemed mapped out for me. Too secure, too mapped out. If I carried on in medicine, I realized I'd have a pretty good idea exactly what I'd be doing ten, twenty and even thirty years from that moment. It struck me like a halibut from the North Sea that that was not the way my life should go at all. What was the point of working on through the age of sixty-five and taking a chance on a better reincarnation next time?
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak.
Clare B. Dunkle, The House of Dead Maids|I had no fear of the stream's perils, and I listened with the greatest contentment to the quiet slap of water on rocks, the running whisper of the current, and the taps and creaks and croaks that rose with the mist around me. Overhead swing the glittering stars, and the bright moon shone down and lit the curling ripples of the water. At no time in my life had I been in greater danger from the elements, and yet if I learned that heaven is such as that night was, I should deem it a joy worth the dying.
Ella December, Mimi Memoirs|If you don’t look at yourself, you can’t know yourself. If you don’t know your flaws, lumps and bumps then someone else can use them against you to make you feel inferior. I think you’re perfect just the way you are. I believe if you hide from who you are, you let everyone else define you instead of you. You are your power, embrace that and be beautiful.
George Bernard Shaw|Failure has been my best friend as a writer. It tests you, to see if you have what it takes to see it through.
Colin Powell|Your attitude will go a long way in determining your success, your recognition, your reputation and your enjoyment in being a lawyer.
Mario Stinger, Destined for Oblivion: As Nature Intended|I wish for today and dream of yesterday. If the gods should hold me in their favor, then I shall hope for tomorrow.
Andrew Shue|I always turn to the sports pages first, which records people's accomplishments. The front page has nothing but man's failures.
Barbara Avon, STATIC|As they gently lowered it into the earth, all stared silently at the coffin but one: a young woman of twenty-five who glanced absentmindedly into the distance where an unknown figure stood – watching, waiting, his face buried in the shadow of his hat. Whether by intuition or paranoia she could not tell, but the presence of the man troubled her and her eyes were fixed on his motionless body and would not stir. Tourists rarely came to a town as small and uneventful as theirs, let alone to visit a funeral where they did not introduce themselves and only beheld the spectacle from afar.
Maggie Nelson, Bluets|I am trying to talk about what blue means, or what it means to me, apart from meaning.
Danabelle Gutierrez, & Until The Dreams Come|I'm sure that you didn't think I would notice,but we memorize the strangest things in a personwhen we're in love with them.
Piper Payne, Breathing Black|Sometimes I think my scars are beautiful, but then I remember not everyone shares the same love of art.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|In your Curled petals what ghosts Of blue headlands and seas, What perfumed immortal breath sighing Of Greece.
Jeremy Camp, I Still Believe|How my emotions starred as I played! During one of this tug-of-war contest between knowing right and doing wrong, I wrote the words to a song on my own for the first time.
Gary Keller, The One Thing: The Surprisingly Simple Truth Behind Extraordinary Results|If today your company doesn’t know what its ONE Thing is, then the company’s ONE Thing is to find out.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|Promise me, man. If anything ever happens to me, promise me you'll take care ofAngelina. She's something special, Micah. Heart way too big for her own good. I worrybecause she doesn't see everyone for who they are. She's too busy looking for the good.I've tried to get her to adopt some cynicism, but the truth of the matter is, she wouldn't bethe same girl if she did.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Transformation occurs when you open your mind to experience freedom. During the process, you transform your thoughts which enable you to leave behind old habits and negative thinking. You are then able to conquer your fears and remove self doubt. This irrevocable tranformation allows you to be seen in a new light. It reveals your unique characteristics and truthfulness.
Caroline George, The Vestige|Boys are unpredictable and stupid and brash. They do creepy, stalkerish things because they believe in extreme measures. They love to the fullest and ignore completely. They heal hearts and grind them to dust. To have nothing from a boy is devastating, but when he gives his all, the world becomes an electric place, and that is why women love them so—their all is worth the risk.
Octavia Spencer|A failure to act is a terrible, stunning legacy for any leader. But far worse when it is the president of the United States. And that's the point driven home by Romney's selection of Ryan, who dared to lead when Obama did not.
Ben Okri|. . . it is true, even people with painful childhoods. . . grow up to be more interesting people. So, there's always a positive to a negative.
Eckhart Tolle|There is no man more dangerous, in a position of power, than he who refuses to accept as a working truth the idea that all a man does should make for rightness and soundness, that even the fixing of a tariff rate must be moral.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|It's my experience that people are a lot more sympathetic if they can see you hurting, and for the millionth time in my life I wish for measles or smallpox or some other easily understood disease just to make it easier on me and also on them.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|Once intelligent beings achieve technology and the capacity for self-destruction of their species, the selective advantage of intelligence becomes more uncertain.
Anuranjita Kumar, Can I have it all?|There's no magic potion to remove you from a tough situation than your own self conviction and no poison as dangerous as self doubt. In no one has done it so far, you could be the one showing the way!
Nicholas Sparks, Dear John|A person with autism lives in his own world, while a person with Asperger's lives in our world, in a way of his own choosing
R.J. Anderson, Quicksilver|I opened my eyes really wide and fluttered my eyelashes at him. "I'm sorry, I must've missed your coronation ceremony. Silly me." from Clean Sweep
R.A.Delmonico|Society is driven by the fierce winds of subjective opinion, whereby the balance is always tested, always in flux. Know this, your opinion is part of a continuum of possibilities that lives in the swirling landscape of humanity and if the world is not what you think it should be, probably, you are standing in the wrong place.
R. W. Patterson, Solace From Shadows: Where Mortality and Eternity Collide|Only smart warrior decides which battle to fight first, and when.
Julie Kagawa, Rogue|When you hunt wisely, there is no need to run afterwards.
Stefan Zweig|It's like having explosives on board 24/7, the way I feel. I can't believe when I touch things they don't blow to bits. I can't believe I was so way off.I thought, I don't know, I thought wrong.
Jim Cymbala, Fresh Faith: What Happens When Real Faith Ignites God's People|Animal rage is scary, but not as scary as control.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|We can deny angels exist, convince ourselves they can't be real. But they show up anyway, at strange places and at strange times. They can speak through any character we can imagine. They'll shout through demons if they have to. Daring us, challenging us to fight.
Kelly Rowland|When I give speeches at college, I don't tell stories, I talk about what it is to live your dreams and take the path less traveled.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|If don’t want to be eliminated, you must be innovative. Update your knowledge and you won’t be outmoded.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Show me a little bit of your soul under all those pretty words you spill, and I promise you I will drink every last drop.
Mario Andrew Pei|Of all the words that exist in any language only a bare minority are pure, unadulterated, original roots. The majority are "coined" words, forms that have been in one way or another created, augmented, cut down, combined, and recombined to convey new needed meanings, The language mint is more than a mint; it is a great manufacturing center, where all sorts of productive activities go on unceasingly.
James Rozoff|Once you realize that life and love are not things you can possess but forces that emanate through us and through all creation, then you can begin to appreciate the miracle you are a part of. You can release the burden and appreciate what you have had, have now and will have. Only trying to hold on to what you do not have causes pain. Letting go permits you to experience the incredible joy that comes to you at each and every moment.
Barbara Ehrenreich|When I was a child, I would draw these little stick-figures, and my mom would put them up all over the loft and tell me how wonderful they were. Then you get out there into the harsh reality of the world, and you realize not everybody loves every little thing you do the way your mom did.
Debasish Mridha|Past, I am letting you go. Future, I will see you tomorrow. Present, I love you, live in you, celebrate you, and will never let you go.
David Huddle|Love. And again, see I don't mean, I think love is that condition in the human spirit so profund, that it allows us to forgive, and it may be the energy which keeps the stars in the firmament, I'm not sure. It may be the energy which keeps the blood running smoothly through our veins. I'm not sure, but it's something beyond the explanation. It can be used for anything you can explain. Any good thing you can explain.
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|You see demons in the eyes of the world, and the world sees bottomless pit in yours.
Tayyab Nawaz Sulehri|With every day that passed, the boy's heart became more and moresilent. It no longer wanted to know about things of the past or future; it was content simply tocontemplate the desert, and to drink with the boy from the Soul of the World. The boy and his heart hadbecome friends, and neither was capable now of betraying the other. When his heart spoke to him, it was to provide a stimulus to the boy, and to give him strength, becausethe days of silence there in the desert were wearisome. His heart told the boy what his strongest qualitieswere: his courage in having given up his sheep and in trying to live out his destiny, and his enthusiasmduring the time he had worked at the crystal shop.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Gatsby Girls|no girl can permanently bolster up a lame-duck visitor, because these day it's every girl for herself.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Almighty Saviour, thank you for the gift of the moment.
Mohsin Hamid, Moth Smoke|Where there’s no free will, there’s no sin.
Ednan Ali|I don’t think my journey has to be harrowing to be important. Simply doing the tasks of the day is enough. Such as getting up every morning to go to work to support my family and sacrificing personal time in service to others, teaching my children to give thanks for what they have and to care for others.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|Society is neither my master nor my servant, neither my father nor my sister; and so long as she does not bar my way to the kingdom of heaven, which is the only society worth getting into, I feel no right to complain of how she treats me. I have no claim on her; I do not acknowledge her laws--hardly her existence, and she has no authority over me. Why should she, how could she, constituted as she is, receive such as me? The moment she did so, she would cease to be what she is; and, if all be true that one hears of her, she does me a kindness in excluding me. What can it matter to me, Letty, whether they call me a lady or not, so long as Jesus says “Daughter” to me?
Adrian Furnham|If you have talented and motivated people, they should be encouraged to work alone when creativity or efficiency is the highest priority.
Emma Goldman|We don't live in the Garden. We live far from Eden. Every life is full of heartaches. Every life, frankly, is unspeakably sad.
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|Justice is a process, and change takes time, but I believe we ought to dream big dreams and make big statements as we pursue those dreams. Amos didn't tell the people that God wants justice to trickle through their society. The New Living Translation uses the phrase "mighty flood of justice" (Amos 5:24) to describe what God wants to see. One thing we learned in Mendenhall is that once flood waters start rushing through a place, there's no turning them back with human strength.
Hillary Clinton|Forgive, forget. Bear with the faults of others as you would have them bear with yours.
Tony Iommi|They sounded really professional because they had two Vox AC 30 amplifiers. I also had an AC 30, so when you looked at it, three AC 30s, three Fenders - bloody hell, it must be a great band!
William Blair Gould, Viktor E. Frankl: Life with Meaning|Frankl asserts that "the potentialities of life are not indifferent possibilities, but must be seen in the light of meaning and values." Such meaning and values cannot be imposed; each individual must seek out for himself or herself the meaning of each situation and the implications the present moment may have for the future.
Rupi Kaur, Milk and Honey|My life was a blank paper, until you came to rhyme with words & make it a poetry book. ❤ ❤
Jon Krakauer, Missoula: Rape and the Justice System in a College Town|Most women are all too familiar with men like Calvin Smith. Men whose sense of prerogative renders them deaf when women say, "No thanks," "Not interested," or even "Fuck off, creep.
Hope Jahren, Lab Girl|Once your baby tree is in the ground, check it daily, because the first three years are critical. Remember that you are your tree's only friend in a hostile world.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|One would think that if people truly wanted to live incredible lives, they would do everything in their power to create a mindset which helped them get there. Right?
Bloch William Goldbloom|And I'll go even further and say that mathematics, this art of abstract pattern-making — even more than storytelling, painting, or music - is our most quintessentially human art form. This is what our brains do, whether we like it or not. We are biochemical pattern-recognition machines and mathematics is nothing less than the distilled essence of who we are.
Harrison Ford|To serve thy generation  this thy fate: "Written in water " swiftly fades thy name  But he who loves his kind does  first or late  A work too great for fame.
Therese May|People don't like to wait for words, they want the words to wait for them.
Plato|Learning would be exceedingly laborious, not to mention hazardous, if people had to rely solely on the effects of their own actions to inform them what to do.
Harold Bloom|How to read "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone"? Why, very quickly, to begin with, and perhaps also to make an end. Why read it? Presumably, if you cannot be persuaded to read anything better, Rowling will have to do.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Your attitude is the outward expression of your internal perceptions, self-esteem, and current thoughts.
Aristophanes, Peace|If it is necessary for us to do anything [in view of peace], direct us and architect.πρὸς τάδ’ ἡμῖν, εἴ τι χρὴ δρᾶν, φράζε κἀρχιτεκτόνει.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Every day, I take steps to resolve all my karmic ties, live with intention, smile and laugh often, express my love, and act on what brings me fulfillment. Why wait until we have one foot in the grave to suddenly become spiritual, forgiving, and at peace with the world?
Timothy Salter, Reflections in Short Poetry|The poet drafts his work as a writer but edits it as a sculptor, with his pen as a chisel and his mind a hammer.
Michael Bassey Johnson|In every problem, there's a concealed solution...locking itself underneath...unlock,peruse,find and solve.
Mahatma Gandhi|most Americans think of Rosa Parks as a demur, pleasant-enough seamstress who backed into history by being too tired to get out of her seat on a bus one day, in reality she had been trained in nonviolence spirit and tactics at a famous institution, Highlander Folk School. It seems to be a difficult concept for most of us that peace is a skill that can be learned. We know war can be learned, but we seem to think that one becomes a peacemaker by a mere change of heart. (23)
Sigmund Freud, General Psychological Theory|The view is often defended that sciences should be built up on clear and sharply defined basal concepts. In actual fact no science, not even the most exact, begins with such definitions. The true beginning of scientific activity consists rather in describing phenomena and then in proceeding to group, classify and correlate them.
Dennis  James, THE MAN FIX: The Stuff MEN SHOULD ADMIT And WOMEN SHOULD KNOW|Just by virtue of their fantastically wonderful ability to approach life from the heart instead of the ego, women have a head start on us with their natural tendency to already live life to its fullest potential.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|Cath liked Levi. A lot. She liked looking at him. She liked listening to him -- though sometimes she hated listening to him talk to other people. She hated the way he passed out smiles to everyone he met like it didn't cost him anything, like he'd never run out. He made everything look so easy.
J.I. Packer, Knowing God|Wait on the Lord" is a constant refrain in the Psalms, and it is a necessary word, for God often keeps us waiting. He is not in such a hurry as we are, and it is not his way to give more light on the future than we need for action in the present, or to guide us more than one step at a time. When in doubt, do nothing, but continue to wait on God. When action is needed, light will come.
Natalie Dormer|I grew up in a house my parents built together on a mountain in Tennessee. When we moved in, the walls were still going up, we didn't have hot water, and we turned it into an amazing adventure.
smishra|Can Christian preaching expect modern man to accept the mythical view of the world as true? To do so would be both senseless and impossible. It would be senseless, because there is nothing specifically Christian in the mythical view of the world as such. It is simply the cosmology of a pre-scientific age.
Dominic Riccitello|I’m floating. I’m flowing. I’m loving, but I’m going.
Sara Sheridan|Copywriters, journalists, mainstream authors, ghostwriters, bloggers and advertising creatives have as much right to think of themselves as good writers as academics, poets, or literary novelists.
Victor Hugo, The Man Who Laughs|If you feel sadness in your heart seeing a sad or in troubled person,So believe me...God has not made any mistake by making you a human.
Habib al-Jifri|Forge a strong relationship with the righteous and upright people in your area and be unaffected by naysayers. Let not your desire or determination be wavered by the censure of cynics, the criticism of pessimists, the undermining of those that belittle, the jeering of the mockers, or the doubts of the skeptics.
Jonathon Miller Weisberger, Rainforest Medicine: Preserving Indigenous Science and Biodiversity in the Upper Amazon|It has been demonstrated that a species of penicillium produces in culture a very powerful antibacterial substance which affects different bacteria in different degrees. Generally speaking it may be said that the least sensitive bacteria are the Gram-negative bacilli, and the most susceptible are the pyogenic cocci ... In addition to its possible use in the treatment of bacterial infections penicillin is certainly useful... for its power of inhibiting unwanted microbes in bacterial cultures so that penicillin insensitive bacteria can readily be isolated.
Lionel Suggs|Information exists for a reason, as well as the Consciousness. The Ego and the Self are important concepts to one's character, to one's alpha and omega. However, how do you know what you know? How do you predict? How you reason? How do you justify? How do you interpret? What is the difference between logic and fantasy? When is the line blurred, and when is the blurred line clear? When you stop living, and dive into existence, you can uncover the world behind yourself; the divine ground. Truth itself wears a mask, but if you dive deep enough, you can wear the mask of Truth. So let me ask you, how well do you know your reality? How well do you know your imagination? Have you stood on the ground behind your reality? Have you seen the mask of Truth, and if so, have you worn its mask?
Carroll Bryant|If I had wanted children of my own, I would have gotten married. If I had wanted to get married, I would have fallen in love. If I had wanted to fall in love, I would have met the right girl. If I had wanted to meet the right girl, I would have drank a whole lot less.
Jeremy Aldana|If my eyes have pain, I close them; If my body aches, I rest it; If my heart breaks, I mend it; If my soul is lost, I pray for it
Hippocrates|Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy.
Jed Diamond, Stress Relief for Men: How to Use the Revolutionary Tools of Energy Healing to Live Well|We are not designed to deal with the many stress-inducing situations of the twenty-first century. For most of human history, the stressors we faced were mainly physical, like running away from wild animals. Now they are almost entirely psychological. When was the last time you were frightened by a lion? The things that cause us stress in our modern world are the ones that go inside our heads.
Lao Tzu, Hua Hu Ching: The Unknown Teachings of Lao Tzu|In the era of angry and aggressive policing, it is an honorable service to your fellow citizens to video record police officers interactions with the common people.
Dean Koontz, Odd Hours|You are loved by your maker not because you try to please him and succeed, or fail to please him and apologize, but because he wants to be your father.
Bernard Kelvin Clive, The No Nonsense Guide to Personal Branding for Career Success|If your personal brand were at a trade show alongside several thousand others, how would you fare? Now scale that to the global economy.
Dada Bhagwan|The world is not going to stop whether you become ‘emotional’ or whether you don’t become ‘emotional’. The burden on one’s head comes from becoming ‘emotional’. Otherwise, the world continues to run, it will never stand still.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|If you walk 100 miles into the life you don't want. Often, you must walk those same 100 miles to get out of that life. This is the answer to why the journey to fulfillment is often so difficult. However, if you can find a shortcut, a new path, you can get to the life you want much quicker. This is the premise of personal development, self-improvement and self-discovery..!
Glenda Radores|i asked God to give me a love via synchronicity so when it was my time to allow someone into my heart ~ he entered my world, as if by magic.
Susan Sontag|All photographs are memento mori. To take a photograph is to participate in another person’s (or thing’s) mortality, vulnerability, mutability. Precisely by slicing out this moment and freezing it, all photographs testify to time’s relentless melt.
Marie Osmond|I saw a photograph of a wedding conducted by Reverend Moon of the Unification Church. I wanted to understand this event, and the only way to understand it was to write about it.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|It is permissible even for a dying hero to think before he dies how men will speak of him hereafter. His fame lasts perhaps two thousand years. And what are two thousand years? (asked Mr Ramsay ironically, staring at the hedge). What, indeed, if you look from a mountain top down the long wastes of the ages? The very stone one kicks with one’s boot will outlast Shakespeare.
Joseph Heller|If you only would!" He added rather diffidently: "If you would not mind remembering that I am a military court of inquiry. It makes it easier for me to report to the general if you say things dully and in the order that they happened.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Plant your tiny seeds and keep watering them every day. Soon, they’ll grow.
Zach Anner|My parents and my brother instilled in me my sense of humor. That's kind of the way we communicate with each other, and it's always been a way for me to get to know people.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|Fiction gives us a reach into the lives of individuals that would otherwise be but a closed door. If we are gifted with a desire to tell tales, then we should tell them . . . if only to reach but a few.
Bob Ney|We have used the presence of UNMIK, as well as other European and American agencies to establish a legal framework compatible with the European Union and that is already an advantage. We have seen the positive effects of this and our parliament will continue to go this way.
José N. Harris|The Bible talks primarily of two kinds of angels- Cherubim and Seraphim. But there is a third kind of angel. If you ever find yourself troubled, suffering or in despair, God may send you this third type of angel. These angels are called...'friends.
Stephen King, Wizard and Glass|How could I known then that failure then that failure of ambition is like a long lingering death and that disappoint with your life never goes away? It only grows stronger with the passage of time as the clock ticks off the remaining days of your life, and any residual, hope slips like sand through arthritic fingers.
Rachel Gibson, See Jane Score|If ever there was something she needed to stick around and fight for, Luc was that something.
Isaac Asimov|When the locus of evaluation is seen as residing in the expert, it would appear that the long-range social implications are in the direction of the social control of the many by the few.
Hunter S. Thompson|Good humor is the health of the soul, sadness is its poison.
