Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|If equally matched, we can offer battle; if slightly inferior in numbers, we can avoid the enemy; if quite unequal in every way, we can flee from him. Though an obstinate fight may be made by a small force, in the end it must be captured by the larger force.
Sunday Adelaja|Every extramarital intimate relationship has a spiritual resonance, the consequences of which can be very severe.
V.E. Schwab, A Conjuring of Light|Next time I walk away,” she whispered into his skin, “come with me.” She let her gaze drift up to his throat, his jaw, his lips. “When this is all over, when Osaron is gone and we’ve saved the world again, and everyone else gets their happily ever after, come with me.” “Lila,” he said, and there was so much sadness in his voice, she suddenly realized she didn’t want to hear his answer, didn’t want to think of all the ways their story could end, of the chance that none of them would make it out alive, intact. She didn’t want to think beyond this boat, this moment, so she kissed him, deeply, and whatever he was going to say, it died on his lips as they met hers.
C.S. Lewis, That Hideous Strength|The physical sciences, good and innocent in themselves, had already... begun to be warped, had been subtly manoeuvred in a certain direction. Despair of objective truth had been increasingly insinuated into the scientists; indifference to it, and a concentration upon mere power, had been the result… The very experiences of the dissecting room and the pathological laboratory were breeding a conviction that the stifling of all deep-set repugnances was the first essential for progress.
William Shakespeare|I always say that the times in my life when I've been happiest are the times when I've seen, like, a sunset.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|When you go against the flow of nature and betray the spiritual laws existing within, there is, and always will be, a negative reaction. Those who try escaping life before fate shakes their hand, will forever be stuck on earth, chained to the place they so badly wanted to leave. What a complicated misery. I guarantee you it will be torture to be invisible and ignored by those you love when you can see them - but you are already dead for them to hear you utter another word. Talk about agony, more so, than remaining on this plane and continuing your spiritual cycle as it was written to be lived.
R.A. Salvatore, Exile|Joy multiplies when it is shared among friends, but grief diminishes with every division. That is life.
Akiroq Brost|Challenge yourself to do things you’ve never done before. Your success lies not in perfect outcomes, but in braving the courage, in believing in yourself enough to just try. There is absolutely no shame in making mistakes, or even falling on your face. It’s all part of being alive and being a human being. Don’t be discouraged to try again or to try something new. Keep expanding your experiences, keep growing. This life, this day is short and waiting for you to seize it! Carpe diem!
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|When we are asked to show our love for God, our desire for him, when he asks us as Jesus asked Peter, 'Lovest thou me?' we have to give proof of it. 'Lovest thou me more than these, more than any human companionship, more than any human love?' It is not filth and ugliness, drugs and drink and perversion he is asking us to prefer him to. He is asking us to prefer him to all beauty and loveliness. To all other love. He is giving us a chance to prove our faith, our hope, our charity. It is as hard and painful as Abraham's ordeal, when he thought he was asked to perform a human sacrifice and immolate his son.
Mike Pence|Every single second of every single day... I don't know if I feel like a bad mom, but at the end of the day I'm always plagued with, 'Did I do enough? Should I go in a different direction?'
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Redeemed|Most girls prefer flowers over trees.' I brush my fingers on the petals." These orange flowers blossom quickly. Thay speak of passion. Of beauty." I take a witheting flower that had dropped to the ground and worry it between my fingers. "But they don't last; they wither so easily. Flowers have limited growth. A tree might not speak of passion but sturdiness. Yet it grows higher and lasts more. Some of these trees have been here before I was born and they'll be here once I'm gone.
Kij Johnson, The Man Who Bridged the Mist|Life is about enjoying the journey, not the end destination.
Michael Thomas Ford|He lifted his shirt, and on his back was the White Rabbit, wearing his waistcoat and looking at his watch. It was just like the illustration from the book. Only standing next to him, back-to-back, was another White Rabbit wearing a leather motercycle jacket and boots and smoking a cigar.
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, Every Other Day|We angels are misconceived in the human world. People perceive us as kindly and bountiful; when, in truth, we are about as fluffy, as gentle, as yielding, as rattlesnakes.
Maxwell Maltz, Psycho-Cybernetics, Updated and Expanded|Happiness is a mental habit, a mental attitude, and if it is not learned and practiced in the present it is never experienced. It cannot be made contingent upon solving some external problem. When one problem is solved, another appears to take its place. Life is a series of problems. If you are to be happy at all, you must be happy - period! Not happy "because of".
Elana K. Arnold, What Girls Are Made Of|There’s one thing about getting somebody to help you though…you got to take whatever it looks like - their kind of help. And you can’t be choosin what you like and don’t like. Help is a take it or leave it kind of thing, and if you can’t take it like it comes, might as well leave it, cause it’s gonna be more trouble than it’s worth.
Carol Emshwiller, Report to the Men's Club and Other Stories|Stories do not change the world. I’ve learned that. But perhaps in some secret, subtle way.... I mean it’s not the world I want to change.
Judah Siler|I was contemplating on why I wanted to share this with you, can you handle it, can you handle me being blunt, will you just judge me for revealing how I may feel towards a person, topic or even you, so with all that being said... I wasn't going to show this but I feel like a collection of people need to hear it, and also profusion of weak-minded individuals are scared to say the truth amongst the masses (which are their friends, strangers, and family members); the reason why they might be hesitant on sharing their thoughts on a "strange topic" may consist of fear of being judged, fear of being an outcast, being alone, failing your loved ones, staying in a box, remaining in the hands of poor choices of leaders, fitting into this category of "weirdos", and/or being placed in a barrel of deep-dark-matter, forming strange thoughts of abnormal voices and situations regarding inscrutable singleton/misfits. You tried comparing being cynical, introverted, using meaningless words of misfits, with being insane, psychotic, mentally deranged and "strange-minded" Really? if being motivated to be the very best of your abilities will take you, not knowing your own limits, never stopping until you have nothing left in your body and even then, you won't stop because you know, if you stop you may miss something significant, so then guess what; I assume I am a psychotic, deranged, mentally disturbed, insane, and strange-minded individual. but anyways, off topic, I'm always drawn towards the obscure, darker, deep-mined and vague individuals because I think it's just a lot more interesting. But it's also thought-provoking fun doing the meaningless antics sometimes, and I think that's why 'Misfits' have been great in that way, as you get a really good balance of unusual, obscured, introverted, thinks-loudly, randomness, provocative (in the way of, not caring what you may think of them, but keeping that mentality of self-respect and of others in mind), refreshing, and amusing. I will never understand the course of thought behind apotheosizing a person not knowing who they really are, it's strange, but whatever do you.Extra stuff:Like I said before, I honestly can care less what people have to tell me what I need to do in order to keep my sanity, composure, and how I may feel at this point in my life; but just know, I am in no way shape or form, saying everything that's happening in the world or in my life is all for a greater purpose, I'm simply saying, poor choices are a part of life, and if this is one of mine then so be it, I'll accept it as a learning experience, so peace out. PS: I am not directing this to anyone, in particular, it is just a series's concept, with underground meanings.
Shelly Laurenston, Beast Behaving Badly|Don't you see Blaynie." Mitch put his arm around her shoulders. "You're like an illegitimate little sister that I never wanted.
Claire Keegan|It's too good, she is. She wants to find the good in others, and sometimes her way of finding that is to trust them, hoping she'll not be disappointed but she sometimes is.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Tender Is the Night|The no-booze rule is one of several shams perpetuated by certain religious groups, presumably to keep their flocks in line. After all, what’s a shepherd to do with drunk sheep? So take your medicine, but leave the booze on the shelf. We have a label to keep, and it’s not Jack Daniels. Don’t mourn for me. Just tell me what to do rather than teach me what to be. Slam another pill, pop that one last sedative…you’ll find me in the kitchen, washing my glass.
Ang Lee|In the early '70s - a very good time for children's books and their authors - editors and publishers were willing to take a chance on a new writer. They were willing and able to invest their time in nurturing writers with promise, encouraging them.
PRIYANSHU JOSHI|If you are opportunist, then you are already one step closer to achieve your target!
E.M. Bounds, Power Through Prayer|The praying which makes a prayerful ministry is not a little praying put in as we put flavor to give it a pleasant smack, but the praying must be in the body, and form the blood and bones. Prayer is no petty duty, put into a corner; no piecemeal performance made out of the fragments of time which have been snatched from business and other engagements of life; but it means that the best of our time, the heart of our time and strength must be given.
Arti Honrao|You may tell yourself a hundred times that you love someone more than yourself, more than your life and that you would do anything to be with that person even if the person does not care about you as much as you care for that person, or maybe even if you do not exist for that person at all. But, the fact is - there is always a little voice inside your head asking you to stop, turn around and walk away. The sensible thing to do would be to heed to that voice.
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, One Word|We are inside this plasma,and plasma is inside everything. It is incandescentin the sun, and I am curious to know if youare able to stop orbiting yourself around it even for a second.No, you are not able to do this, but you are ableto stop the truths from being spoken.All the absurd things are cool. Their spirits losetheir oxygen ions to generatethat matter in no pain. The spiritual thingsare in pulsing metamorphosis to break into pieces, orto turn back aftera hard but reversing processbefore becoming anachronistic.
Alin Sav|We are not called to be christians, we are called to be like Christ.
H. L. Mencken|We all have anxiety about things. We all have little insecurities, but eventually you have to face your fears if you want to be successful, and everybody has some fear of failure.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg|We players are as normal human beings as anyone else, and we also have the right to live a normal life. I don't understand why people talk so much about the way we dress up, how we walk, what we eat, and every little detail of ours. Players are the real heroes. Sports have both respect and fame, and I am fortunate enough to be a sportsperson.
Julie Gregory, Sickened: The Memoir of a Munchausen by Proxy Childhood|But the memories that hang heaviest are the easiest to recall. They hold in their creases the ability to change one's life, organically, forever. Even when you shake them out, they've left permanent wrinkles in the fabric of your soul.
William Maxwell, So Long, See You Tomorrow|They had stopped shouting at each other and put their faith in legal counsel. With the result that how things could be made to look was what counted, not how they actually were.
Eleanor H. Porter, Pollyanna|... for you will never, I trust, disconnect what you may yourselves be learning from the hope and prospect of being enabled thereby to teach others more effectually. If you do, and your studies in this way become a selfish thing, if you are content to leave them barren of all profit to others, of this you may be sure, that in the end they will prove not less barren of profit to yourselves. In one noble line Chaucer has characterized the true scholar:- "And gladly would he learn and gladly teach." Resolve that in the spirit of this line you will work and live.
Jimmy Chin|Fame is a funny thing. I like doing normal things. I like going to fairs. I like going to ball games. I like going to Disney World or a big field on the Fourth of July and having picnics with friends. The problem is you're either worried you're going to be recognized, or you're thankful you're not. It's always there.
Audre Lorde, Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches|No woman is responsible for altering the psyche of her oppressor, even when that psyche is embodied in another woman.
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals|Adrienne started teaching a few months ago in Denver and wrote that it leaves you with a constant feeling of deceiving people. That you know nothing they don't, or couldn't learn on their own if they cared to.
Martin Amis, Experience: A Memoir|My life looked good on paper - where, in fact, almost all of it was being lived.
George Packer|Alas, bacon and eggs are not health foods.
Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed|Some days in late August at home are like this, the air thin and eager like this, with something in it sad and nostalgic and familiar...
Stephen W. Smith, The Jesus Life: Eight Ways to Recover Authentic Christianity|His soul was shaped by the cadence of Sabbath keeping and seasonal festivals that were intended to help Him and all people to remember God's faithfulness, protection, and provision.
Philip Larkin, Collected Poems|When getting my nose in a bookCured most things short of school,It was worth ruining my eyesTo know I could still keep cool,And deal out the old right hookTo dirty dogs twice my size.Later, with inch-thick specs,Evil was just my lark:Me and my coat and fangsHad ripping times in the dark.The women I clubbed with sex!I broke them up like meringues.Don't read much now: the dudeWho lets the girl down beforeThe hero arrives, the chapWho's yellow and keeps the storeSeem far too familiar. Get stewed:Books are a load of crap.(A Study Of Reading Habits) 
Alan Perlis|I don't type on the computer or edit. Law students who went to law school really just a couple years after I did were brought up all on the computers and that's how they do it, but I was still part of the older school.
Pete Rose|The word of the oldest of the old of our peoples didn't stop. It spoke the truth, saying that our feet couldn't walk alone, that our history of pain and shame was repeated and multiplied in the flesh and blood of the brothers and sisters of other lands and skies.
Bjork|It's sad, actually, because my anxiety keeps me from enjoying things as much as I should at this age.
J. Christopher Wickham, The Girl in the Rain|No, little one, George's ghost won't come back. Human beings don't have souls. No soul, no ghost. Simple.""How can you say that?" protested Mopple. "We don't know whether humans have souls or not.""Every lamb knows that your soul is in your sense of smell. And human beings don't have very good noses." Maude herself had an excellent sense of smell, and often thought about the problem of souls and noses."So you'd only see a very small ghost. Nothing to be afraid of.
D.H. Lawrence|Sometimes life takes hold of one, carries the body along, accomplishes one's history, and yet is not real, but leaves oneself as it were slurred over.
Erin Kellison, Awakened by Fire|Heat roared within him. Greedy heat. He wanted her....	She was in over her head, and it seemed... so was he.
Jayne Rylon, Kate's Crew|Everyone lusts. Everyone Fantasizes. When your lover respects you, you should feel free to explore your desires. No matter how extreme.
Rachel  Harris, Accidentally Married on Purpose|Are we going to be stupid?” she whispered.“Define stupid.”“Anything that involves either one of us exposing our favorite body parts.” Or their hearts…“I want to hear about your favorite body part,” he said. “In great detail.
Cassandra Danz, Mrs. Greenthumbs: How I Turned a Boring Yard into a Glorious Garden and How You Can, Too|Soap wasn't invented until the Romans, who also invented interesting sex. (Since my editor informs me that a gardening book is not a proper venue for discussions of interesting sex, I will go into this topic in more detail when I write my private memoirs, 'A Petunia Named Desire').
Diyar Harraz, Like The Starlings|I synonymously felt my heart beat rapaciously, the heart which was once void of anything alive and well. Now the heart was rasping and knocking on my ribcage as if it was demanding to come out, take its root and grow.
Michael Spencer, Mere Churchianity: Finding Your Way Back to Jesus-Shaped Spirituality|What we believe about God is the most important truth we believe, and it's the one truth that does the most to shape us. God is the Sun too bright for us to see. Jesus is the Prism who makes the colors beautiful and comprehensible.
Max Barry, Company|You come to work every day but you hardly get to know anyone. I don't even know the names of half the people I see in the elevators. They say the company is a big family, but I don't know them. And even the people I do, like you two, and Elizabeth, and Roger - do I really? I mean, I like you guys, but we only ever talk about work. When I'm out with friends, or at home, I never talk about work. The other day, I tried to explain to my sister why it's such a huge deal that Elizabeth ate Roger's donut, and she thought I was insane. And you know what, I agreed with her. At home I couldn't even think why it mattered. Because I'm a different person at home. When I leave this place at night, I can feel myself changing. Like shifting gears in my head. And you guys don't know that; you just know what I'm like here, which is terrible, because I think I'm better away from work. I don't even like who I am here. Is that just me? Or is everyone different when they come to work? If they are, then what are they really like? How can we ever know? All we know are the Work People.
Morley Safer|Travel, for me, is a little bit like being in love because suddenly, all your senses are at the setting marked 'on.' Suddenly, you're alert to the secret patterns of the world.
Hope Ann, Shadows of the Hersweald: A Hansel and Gretel Novella|Haydn's hand tightened around the stone as he stared at the ground. "I need to find my sister. To save her. Maybe then I will be wor
Margaret Thatcher, The Collected Speeches of Margaret Thatcher|Having a Constitutional political party is a little like telling a car-jacker, "You're not allowed to do what you're doing! And if you don't stop it right now, we are going to ask you to order yourself to be nice! And if that doesn't work, we are going to try to elect a new car-jacker, who we hope will tell himself not to steal our cars! ... But at least we're not like those silly utopian anarchist kooks out there who refuse to work within the system for change! Those crazy people say there should be NO car-jackers at all!
Rene Descartes|The way people in democracies think of the government as something different from themselves is a real handicap. And, of course, sometimes the government confirms their opinion.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|But it was hard, oh, it was hard. Faith in God is an opening up, a letting go, a deep trust, a free act of love--but sometimes it was so hard to love. Sometimes my heart was sinking so fast with anger, desolation, and weariness, I was afraid it would sink to the very bottom of the Pacific and I would not be able to lift it back up.
Sam Levenson|Before marriage, a girl has to make love to a man to hold him. After marriage, she has to hold him to make love to him.
C.S. Lewis, The Last Battle|I believe it all. If I seem not to, it is only that my joy is too great to let my belief settle itself.
Pauline Hanson|There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|In the village, a sage should go about Like a bee, which, not harmingFlower, colour or scent, Flies off with the nectar.
Rachilde, Monsieur Venus: A Materialist Novel|It is true, Monsieur," Raoule went on, shrugging her shoulders, "that I have had lovers in my life as I have books in my library, to know, to study. But I have had no passion, I have not written my own book yet! I always found myself alone when we were two. One is not weak when one remains master of one's self in the midst of the most stupefying pleasures.
Clive Barker|If this had been a public-school locker room, there would have been some gray jumbo-sized garbage cans nearby, and I probably could've taken care of cleanup by myself. But apparently the girls of St. Andrew's don't throw anything away, because all they had was a tiny wastebasket and some recycling bins. There were bins for paper, plastic, and glass, but none for rotting corpses. Go figure.
Kirsten Arcadio, Split Symmetry|I really don't know who I am, so I don't know when to stop, so when I see a big threatening button that should never ever be touched, I just want to do this!
Nathaniel Branden|It's hard to be wrongfully accused, but it's worse when the people looking down on you are clods who have never read a book or traveled more than twenty miles from the place they were born.
Jack London, Martin Eden|It was not that Madame Santeuil's moral values had altered, but only her view of the moral values of others.
Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum|Not bad, not bad at all," Diotallevi said. "To arrive at the truth through the painstaking reconstruction of a false text.
David Mitchell, number9dream|Dreams are shores where the ocean of spirit meets the land of matter. Dreams are beaches where the yet-to-be, the once-were, the will-never-be may walk awhile with the still are.
Gwenn Wright, The BlueStocking Girl|Another tug and a yank at my chestnut curls and she snarls at me, “You are so much like her.”This is something my mother often says and never explains. Though it is a great mystery to me it is also a blessing, for she always hurries from the room after saying it.
Beth Wiseman, An Amish Garden|Sometimes what matters in not what you go looking for, but rather what you find when you're not looking.
Habib Kadhim al-Saqqaf|Lest others should attempt the ascent of this terrible climb and perish, they swore themselves to secrecy (telling only enough people to ensure the perpetuation of their epic) and went off to try Everest instead.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|From my perspective I believe that most Christians do not dread judgment day because it is the end, but because they will no longer be able to embrace the façade of a sinless mirrored reflection.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|The written word imparts a gravitas the spoken word lacks. The underlying assumption is that time and thought has been expended on what was written, even if that is not the case.
John Perkins, The Secret History of the American Empire: Economic Hit Men, Jackals & the Truth about Global Corruption|The first question we must address deals with optimism, the possibility of achieving our goal. Are we in a position where we can actually hope to effect change? Assuming we become convinced that there are reasons for optimism, we move to the next question. Are we cetain that we want change? The stories about EHMs, jackals, and suffering around the globe strike raw nerves, but now we demand absolute proof that our grievances justify the efforts change will demand. Third: Is there a unifying principle that will validate our efforts? We look to ascertain that we are not merely seeking to impose our moral, religious, or philosophical values on others but instead are intent on creating something of true and lasting universal benefit. And finally: What can we each do? You and I personally need to evaluate our talents and passions. What are our individual options and desires? How do they fit into the bigger picture?
James Morris Robinson, Genesis: A New World Order|There will come a time when Satan will throw a veil over the earth...and convince us that he does not exist. Look at the extreme degradation of our politics, values and loyalty and tell me that day is not today.
Michael  Grant, Plague|She's still small and I still want to put her in my pocket.-Seven Chillman, classmate
Ellen Barkin|You end up as you deserve. In old age you must put up with the face, the friends, the health, and the children you have earned.
Sanhita Baruah|Yesterday, she shed tears, keeping her head on my shoulders. And I think she's not going to be fine because I know she won't. Because a couple of years back, I wasn't.And when you know that you've fallen hard on a cold ground and are still lying there, what do you tell others who are taking the fall?You close your eyes. You accept to lie there a little longer. But I lie on my bed now, and it's a little too warm today.
Adelaide Crapsey, Verse by Adelaide Crapsey|You said: "Wait for the moon with me."I stayed. I waited. The moon never came.
Phillip Andrew Bennett Low, Indecision Now! A Libertarian Rage|My race is not a better race, it is simply a different race.
~ Jimi Hendrix (1942-1970), musician|Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
Thomas Pynchon|Behind the hieroglyphic streets there would either be a transcendent meaning, or only the earth.
Ruth Ahmed, When Ali Met Honour|I had to be an adult, be a father without a son, so for one last moment I needed to be a son who needed his mother.
Lorraine Heath, Lord of Wicked Intentions|In all likelihood he would eventually destroy her, unless he found the strength to let her go.
Henry Beston|AUTUMNAL Pale amber sunlight falls across The reddening October trees, That hardly sway before a breeze As soft as summer: summer's loss Seems little, dear! on days like these. Let misty autumn be our part! The twilight of the year is sweet: Where shadow and the darkness meet Our love, a twilight of the heart Eludes a little time's deceit. Are we not better and at home In dreamful Autumn, we who deem No harvest joy is worth a dream? A little while and night shall come, A little while, then, let us dream. Beyond the pearled horizons lie Winter and night: awaiting these We garner this poor hour of ease, Until love turn from us and die Beneath the drear November trees.
Germany Kent|Few of us realize our potential; because if we did, we would pursue our passion and walk in our purpose.
Sam Shepard|I try to greet my friends with a drink in my hand, a warm smile on my face, and great music in the background, because that's what gets a dinner party off to a fun start.
Lillian Stewart Carl, Lucifer's Crown|St. Bernard said, ‘Every word one writes smites the Devil.
Lincoln Steffens|There are three species of government: republican, monarchical, and despotic.
Mary Doria Russell, The Sparrow|Death is like giving birth. Birth can be painful. Sometimes women die from giving birth. However, when the baby is born, all that pain (that was endured) vanishes in an instant. Love for that tiny baby makes one forget the pain, the fear. And as I’ve said before, love between mother and child is the highest experience, the closest to divine love. You might wonder about the parallel I’m making between birth and death. But I say to you, the fear and pain accompanying an awful death is over quickly. Beyond that portal one is suddenly in the light, in oneness and bliss…Just as a woman heals rapidly after childbirth and then is able to fall in love with her baby, those who pass over also are able to fall in love with a new life."-Kuan Yin (From "Oracle of Compassion: the Living Word of Kuan Yin
William Saroyan, An Armenian Trilogy|The fundamental difference between an instinctive response and an emotion is this: An instinctive response is the body’s direct response to some external situation. An emotion, on the other hand, is the body’s response to thought. Indirectly, an emotion can also be a response to an actual situation or event, but it will be a response to the event seen through the filter of a mental interpretation, the future of thought, that is to say, through the mental concepts of good and bad, like and dislike, me and mine.
Matthew Quick, Forgive Me, Leonard Peacock|I was right; just as soon as you take the first step toward getting to know someone your own age, everything you thought was magical about that person turns to shit right in front of your face
Alexander McCall Smith, The Sunday Philosophy Club|The language of Cat's generation was far harder than that of her own, and more pithily correct: in their terms, he was a hunk. But why, she wondered, should anybody actually want a hunk, when non-hunks were so much more interesting?
Soke Behzad Ahmadi, Shorinjiryu Ryujin Kenpo|Adoration drives obedience, but throughout history people are prone to forget the faithfulness of God yesterday.
Allan Hennessy|It takes a lot of confidence, and self-love and self-worth to realize that you are capable. And that you have every right to leave your lane, and to do things in the same way that other people do.
Theodore J. Kaczynski, Industrial Society and Its Future: The Unabomber Manifesto|The degree of personal freedom that exists in a society is determined more by the economic and technological structure of the society than by its laws or its form of government. Most of the Indian nations of New England were monarchies, and many of the cities of the Italian Renaissance were controlled by dictators. But in reading about these societies one gets the impression that they allowed far more personal freedom than our society does.In part this was because they lacked efficient mechanisms for enforcing the ruler’s will: There were no modern, well-organised police forces, no rapid long-distance communications, no surveillance cameras, no dossiers of information about the lives of average citizens. Hence it was relatively easy to evade control.
John Updike|On the single strand of wire strung to bring our house electricity, grackles and starlings neatly punctuated an invisible sentence.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|Only the brave men and women can bring peace to the world, not by practicing war but by practicing nonviolence.
Carl Weathers|Seek home for rest, for home is best.
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|He had always felt that he lived on the edges of life, Constantine realized, watching everyone else living, sometimes helping them do it.
Francis Bacon, The Advancement Of Learning|I believe that if that vision or dream comes from God, He will also give you the strategy to bring it to pass.
Ronald Reagan|The wise man must remember that while he is a descendant of the past, he is a parent of the future.
Kim Cormack, Enlightenment|During his sweet sleep, there was an angelic creature and in her eyes a look of joyous elation that filled Kevin’s mind with anticipation of her possible existence in the real world. This freckle-faced vision with her wild mane of untamed blonde curls nightly left an unexplainable ache in his soul. In his dreams, she would appear to him as a mirage of hope. He could feel the love in her heart, for it seeped through her very essence into the air between them. She lay next to him in the grass as they quietly observed the sky above. Her hand seemed to be always just out of his reach. Kevin wanted to hold her hand so badly it was torturous. Her hand was just about touching his but not quite. Then her fingers brushed a path across his fingertips as if to say in the exquisite beauty of the moment, “I will always be right here.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not.
James R. Sherman, Rejection|You can’t go back and make a new start, but you can start right now and make a brand new ending.
Talal Asad|Modern sovereignty, whether expressed through killing in battle or the torture of suspects, brings together the desire to build up and the desire to destroy, to let Aid Agencies offer charity (in its original meaning of "love") while the military offers death. The two are intrinsically connected.
Christopher Pike, Remember Me|Like the feeling of a carbonated beverage slipping down the throat, the bubbles rushing and popping as they make their descent, the air around a departed spirit fizzles, dissipating from a thick electric presence to an ephemeral blink of light and color, like the aftereffect of too many flash cameras going off at once.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|So it was in Botswana, almost everywhere; ties of kinship, no matter how attenuated by distance or time, linked one person to another, weaving across the country a human blanket of love and community. And in the fibres of that blanket there were threads of obligation that meant that one could not ignore the claims of others. Nobody should starve; nobody should feel that they were outsiders; nobody should be alone in their sadness.
Tad Williams, Shadowheart|They were all becoming brothers, in the manner he had seen before: facing death together was the greatest of levelers.
Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock|The most total opposite of pleasure is not pain but boredom, for we are willing to risk pain to make a boring life interesting.
Hermann Hesse|We need sex education in schools, but we need it at home first. We need parents to learn the names of the teachers who are teaching their children. We need families to question day-care centers, to question other children and their own as to what goes on.
Marie Antoinette|Yes, I guess you could say I am a loner, but I feel more lonely in a crowed room with boring people than I feel on my own.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|(Thinking while being interrogated by the Germans) You big shots think you can decide on my life, but I have news for you: you can't touch a hair on my head without the will of God my Father, because He is on my side.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|But in the end they were not called saints because of the way they died, or because of their visions or wondrous deeds, but because of their extraordinary capacity for the love and goodness, which reminded others of the love of God.
A.D. Aliwat, Alpha|Even more than music, rock-and-roll is sex.
Bill Willingham, Fables|YOUNG MORTIMER:Thou proud disturber of thy country's peace,Corrupter of thy king, cause of these broils,Base flatterer, yield! and were it not for shame,Shame and dishonour to a soldier's name,Upon my weapon's point here should'st thou fall,And welter in thy gore.LANCASTER:Monster of men!That, like the Greekish strumpet, train'd to armsAnd bloody wars so many valiant knights;Look for no other fortune, wretch, than death!King Edward is not here to buckler thee.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|In order to honor God with your wealth, you first have to admit that you are rich. Most people won't do that. It's not normal.
Self Help Reviews|It does not matter if you have fewer resources at your stack, what matter is how much of your possession you are ready to share with others. You not need to be a millionaire to help others; you can always help others with whatever resource at your disposal.
Hans Kung|Living in an age of advertisement, we are perpetually disillusioned. The perfect life is spread before us every day, but it changes and withers at a touch.
Donna Thorland, Drith|No one wants to rattle the cage of a "crazy" person whose family tends to snap.
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|Hedwig didn't return until the end of the Easter holidays. Percy's letter was enclosed in a package of Easter eggs that Mrs. Weasley had sent. Both Harry's and Ron's were the size of dragon eggs, and full of home-made toffee. Hermione's, however, was smaller than a chicken's egg. Her face fell when she saw it."Your mum doesn't read Witch's Weekly, by any chance, does she, Ron?" she asked quietly."Yeah," said Ron, whose mouth was full of toffee. "Gets it for the recipes."Hermione looked sadly at her tiny egg.
Kate  Madison, Spilled Perfume: A Memoir|Judge me if you must, but keep in mind how very little pleasure I could have possibly derived from a one-thrust sex session, a quickie in a closet, and a come-free drunken hookup. If anything, you should feel sorry for me.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|As a person finds God’s will for his or her life, matters of conscience can be handled with perception from the Holy Spirit.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|To me it seems that too many young women of this time share the same creed. 'Live, laugh, love, be nothing but happy, experience everything, et cetera et cetera.' How monotonous, how useless this becomes. What about the honors of Joan of Arc, Beauvoir, Stowe, Xena, Princess Leia, or women that would truly fight for something other than just their own emotions?
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|It is precisely our plasticity, our long childhood, that prevents a slavish adherence to genetically preprogrammed behavior in human beings more than in any other species… Some substantial adjustment of the relative role of each component of the triune brain is well within our powers.
Tana French, The Likeness|Throughout history--even a hundred years ago, even fifty--it was discontent that was considered the threat to society, the defiance of natural law, the danger that had to be exterminated at all costs. Now it's contentment,
Maurice Sendak|We plan our lives according to a dream that came to us in our childhood, and we find that life alters our plans. And yet, at the end, from a rare height, we also see that our dream was our fate. It's just that providence had other ideas as to how we would get there. Destiny plans a different route, or turns the dream around, as if it were a riddle, and fulfills the dream in ways we couldn't have expected.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|Do not waste time bothering whether you ‘love’ your neighbor; act as if you did. As soon as we do this we find one of the great secrets. When you are behaving as if you loved someone, you will presently come to love him.
Lin Pardey, Bull Canyon: A Boatbuilder, a Writer and Other Wildlife|Adults are just making things up as they go along. And when they’re scared, adults have no more answers than us kids
Mos Def|The crucial question one comes back to is the examination; without that experience is meaningless. And I think it's true that society is becoming more and more passive, less and less fired up with enthusiasm, in many spheres.
B. Dave Walters|I'm not saying it's going to be easy; I'm saying it's going to be worth it. If it were easy, you would've done it by now
J. Curtis Sanburn|He smiled at her as Julia threw a snowball at Calla that missed her by a mile. Grinning, Calla quickly armed herself and threw one at Julia; only it missed her too and hit Guthrie in the crotch. Good thing it was soft snow. He grinned and wiped off the snow, slowly, deliberately, wolfishly.Calla looked like she could burst into flames, she was so red faced. He started laughing.
Anonymous, The Holy Bible: English Standard Version|He has told you, O man, what is good; and what does the LORD require of you but to do justice, and to love kindness, and to walk humbly with your God? Micah 6:8
Aeschylus, Agamemnon|All the demons of Hell formerly reigned as gods in previous cultures. No it's not fair, but one man's god is another man's devil. As each subsequent civilization became a dominant power, among its first acts was to depose and demonize whoever the previous culture had worshipped. The Jews attacked Belial, the god of the Babylonians. The Christians banished Pan and Loki anda Mars, the respective deities of the ancient Greeks and Celts and Romans. The Anglican British banned belief in the Australian aboriginal spirits known as the Mimi. Satan is depicted with cloven hooves because Pan had them, and he carries a pitchfork based on the trident carried by Neptune. As each deity was deposed, it was relegated to Hell. For gods so long accustomed to receiving tribute and loving attention, of course this status shift put them into a foul mood.
Anthony Marais|To patch up a relationship, understanding is the needle, and love is the thread.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|There can be no spirituality, according to the Sufi masters, without psychology, psychological insight and sociological balance.
Yaa Gyasi, Homegoing|We are all weak most of the time,' she said finally. 'Look at the baby. Born to his mother, he learns how to eat from her, how to walk, talk, hunt, run. He does not invent new ways. He just continues with the old. This is how we all come to the world, James. Weak and needy, desperate to learn how to be a person.' She smiled at him. 'But if we do not like the person we have learned to be, should we just sit in front of our fufu, doing nothing? I think, James, that maybe it is possible to make a new way.
Erika Johansen, The Invasion of the Tearling|When I was a child, I pestered my elders for stories.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Do we suppose that they can do Him any good or fear, like the chorus in MIlton, that human irreverence can bring about. His glory's diminution? A man can no more diminish God's glory be refusing to worship Him than a lunatic can put out the sun by scribbling the word darkness on the walls of his cell. But God wills our good and our good is to love Him (with that responsive love proper to creatives) and to love Hi we must know Him: and if we know Him, we shall in fact fall on our faces. If we do not, that only shows that what we are trying to love is nearest approximation to God which our thought and fantasy can attain. Yet the call is not only to prostration and awe; it is to a reflection of the Divine live, a creaturely participation in the Divine attributes which is far beyond our present desires. We are bidden to put on Christ, to become like God. That is, whether we like it or not, God intends to give us what we need not what we now think we want. Once more, we are embarrassed by the intolerable compliment, by too much love, not too little.
Sylvia Lovat Corbridge, It's an Old Lancashire Custom|In the books, I meet characters which I really like and I think that they are like me... but so far I haven't met them in real life!
Mensah Oteh|There isn’t a single definition of happiness to suit everyone’s requirements, but you know it when you feel it.
Abhishek Sundarraman|Life of a Man is Precious just as a precious stone of Diamond,Note that Diamond is evolved only when it faces the Fury of the Heat which it can't Bear,Similarly a Man's life gets Deemed as Precious only when he Boldly faces the Deep Oceans of Sorrow,Dreadfulness and Fear which He too Can't Bear,For Who Facesall these Realizes that this journey was the best part than the success of reaching the Final Destination
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|That's it, cupcake. You're going down.
Yo-Yo Ma|My father is a chemist, my mother was a homemaker. My parents instilled in us the feeling that learning was the most exciting thing that could happen to you, and it never ends.
Ajit Panicker|I am afraid of emotions," Mack admitted."Emotions are the colors of the soul; they are spectacular and incredible. When you don't feel, the world becomes dull and colorless.
Judith Jones Beatrix Campbell|It was after a Frontline television documentary screened in the US in 1995 that the Freyds' public profile as aggrieved parents provoked another rupture within the Freyd family, when William Freyd made public his own discomfort.'Peter Freyd is my brother, Pamela Freyd is both my stepsister and sister-in-law,' he explained. Peter and Pamela had grown up together as step-siblings. 'There is no doubt in my mind that there was severe abuse in the home of Peter and Pam, while they were raising their daughters,' he wrote. He challenged Peter Freyd's claims that he had been misunderstood, that he merely had a 'ribald' sense of humour. 'Those of us who had to endure it, remember it as abusive at best and viciously sadistic at worst.' He added that, in his view, 'The False memory Syndrome Foundation is designed to deny a reality that Peter and Pam have spent most of their lives trying to escape.' He felt that there is no such thing as a false memory syndrome.' Criticising the media for its uncritical embrace of the Freyds' campaign, he cautioned:That the False Memory Syndrome Foundation has been able to excite so much media attention has been a great surprise to those of us who would like to admire and respect the objectivity and motive of people in the media. Neither Peter's mother nor his daughters, nor I have wanted anything to do with Peter and Pam for periods of time ranging up to two decades. We do not understand why you would 'buy' into such an obviously flawed story. But buy it you did, based on the severely biased presentation of the memory issue that Peter and Pam created to deny their own difficult reality. p14-14 Stolen Voices: An Exposure of the Campaign to Discredit Childhood Testimony
James Cameron, " Titanic " Script Book|Astley comes to my side. "Are you well?" "No," I tell him, voice hoarse. "I am not well. I am broken inside. I am broken almost all-the-way deep, and I don't know...I don't know if I can ever be unbroken, let alone well again”.
Anthony T. Hincks|The beauty of God, is God himself.
LeeAnn Whitaker, Forever by your Star|Water droplets streamed down her face and clung to her eyelashes. She blinked up at him with mischief in her eyes, and the urge to kiss her overwhelmed him. Not like he had in the closet, with care and discretion, but with hunger and passion and pent up desire. He wanted to take her bottom lip between his teeth and deal with the consequences later.
Bhavik Sarkhedi, The Weak Point Dealer|I thought and pondered -- vainly. I felt that blank incapability of invention which is the greatest misery of authorship, when dull Nothing replies to our anxious invocations,
Himmilicious|If it takes lots of patience,sacrifice and devotion to achieve the thing you've desired, for sure you have set your targets high and you're going through immense pain to reach there.Just don't quit.
Valentina Tereshkova|The people you see in Nigeria today have always lived as neighbors in the same space for as long as we can remember. So it's a matter of settling down, lowering the rhetoric, the level of hostility in the rhetoric is too high.
Elizabeth Morgan, Creak|uh, yeah, I love...worms" Classic. Someone should record the gold that flows from my mouth.
Amanda Gefter, Trespassing on Einstein's Lawn: A Father, a Daughter, the Meaning of Nothing, and the Beginning of Everything|Treasures are hidden and hard to find but if we could find a real treasure, it will shine our lives. In the similar way ultimate reality is hidden and hard to find but if we could find it, it will shine our lives.
Kamand Kojouri|You know how sometimes you meet someone and you feel like you've known them your whole life?Well, I feel like I've loved you my whole life.
Brene Brown|I believe in Liberty for all men: the space to stretch their arms and their souls, the right to breathe and the right to vote, the freedom to choose their friends, enjoy the sunshine, and ride on the railroads, uncursed by color; thinking, dreaming, working as they will in a kingdom of beauty and love.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|ThoughtOf equality- as if it harm'd me, giving others the same chancesand rights as myself- as if it were not indispensable to my own rights that others possess the same.
Nigel Jay Cooper|Emotions don’t arrive intact. Shards injure you incrementally, so small at first you don’t notice them. Over time, the damage builds and one day you realise the nicks and cuts have become gaping wounds. Worse still, they’ve become the very thing that defines you.
Mahatma Gandhi|Tolerance was like one of those soothing creams—it drew out inflammation, it did away with the pain.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|This is where we should start focusing this conversation: how men (as readers, critics, and editors) can start to bear the responsibility for becoming better, broader readers.
Jen Selinsky|If I were only allowed to read or enjoy art or listen to music made by people whose opinions and beliefs were the same as mine, I think the world would be a pretty dismal sort of a place... Most, probably all, human beings get to do awful things and believe things that other human beings think they should be burned for believing, and they get to do and believe wonderful things too, and artists, writers, musicians, creators, actors, are nothing if not human beings.
Virginia Alison|Love is waiting, just around the corner, over the hill...
Grant Hammond, The Mind of War: John Boyd and American Security|It is a state of mind, a learning of the oneness of things, an appreciation for fundamental insights known in Eastern philosophy and religion as simply the Way [or Tao]. For Boyd, the Way is not an end but a process, a journey…The connections, the insights that flow from examining the world in different ways, from different perspectives, from routinely examining the opposite proposition, were what were important. The key is mental agility
Donald Barthelme|All living things contain a measure of madness that moves them in strange, sometimes inexplicable ways.
Nicola Abbagnano|Reasons aren't really things that make you do other things. Reasons are things that you make up, much later, to reassure everyone that we are all logical and that the world makes sense. We do unreasonable things, because we want to, at the time. No reason. Much later we sit in the wreckage, building reasons out of little bits of wreckage, so we'll have something to show the crash investigators. Look, this is what caused it. So the whole mess at least appears reasonable. So we can convince ourselves that at least there was a reason for the disaster, something we can prevent or avoid, so it'll never happen again. But a lot of the time there's no reason. We just flew it to the ground. Because we felt like it. And we're still dangerous. And it could happen again anytime. Its easier to live with each other afterwards if we give each other reasons.
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|They will not be swayed, they have power in their sights and are blinded by its alluring glister.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh|Don't go through life, grow through life.
Ron Perlman|All I ever wanted really, and continue to want out of life, is to give 100 percent to whatever I'm doing and to be committed to whatever I'm doing and then let the results speak for themselves. Also to never take myself or people for granted and always be thankful and grateful to the people who helped me.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|Sun and snow is an Angel’s glow, but storm and rain? That’s a Demon’s bane.
Sarah Manguso, The Guardians: An Elegy for a Friend|I read obituaries every day to learn what sorts of lives are available to us, to see an entire life compressed into a few column inches, to fit the whole story in my eye at once.
Bluenscottish|When building a team do not look at people’s weaknesses, instead look at their strengths.
Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar|It isn't enough to have had an interesting or hilarious or tragic life. Art isn't anecdote. It's the consciousness we bring to bear on our lives. For what happened in the story to transcend the limits of the personal, it must be driven by the engine of what the story means.
Reba McEntire|I've always been fascinated by Elizabeth Taylor, and I had read that her first kiss happened on a film set, which actually made me a little sad. You need to have normal experiences of your own.
Andrew Levkoff, A Mixture of Madness|Children—their untroubled, idyllic vision of the future is almost always shattered. Sooner or later they learn what all youth must—that life is the cruel fate that awaits them while they make plans for a tomorrow that will never be.
Tammy Wooster|He tried to explain and to convince. He knew, while he spoke, that it was useless, because his words sounded as if they were hitting a vacuum. There was no such person as Mrs. Wayne Wilmot; there was only a shell containing the opinions of her friends, the picture postcards she had seen, the novels of country squires she had read; it was this that he had to address, this immateriality which could not hear him or answer, deaf and impersonal like a wad of cotton.
Homer|Fifth and finally, do nothing impulsively. Give God an opportunity to speak. Until He does, stall for time and concentrate on the first four approaches.
S.A.R.K., Make Your Creative Dreams Real: A Plan for Procrastinators, Perfectionists, Busy People, and People Who Would Really Rather Sleep All Day|A Gift for YouI send you...The gift of a letter from your wise self. This is the part of you that sees you with benevolent, loving eyes. You find this letter in a thick envelope with your name on it, and the word YES written boldly above your name.My Dear,I am writing this to remind you of your 'essence beauty.' This is the part of you that has nothing to do with age, occupation, weight, history, or pain. This is the soft, untouched, indelible you. You can love yourself in this moment, no matter what you have, or haven't done or been. See past any masks, devices, or inventions that obscure your essence.Remember your true purpose, WHICH is only Love.If you cannot see or feel love, lie down now and cry; it will cleanse your vision and free your heart.I love you; I am you.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|And in this he showed me a little thing, the quantity of a hazel nut, lying in the palm of my hand, as it seemed. And it was as round as any ball. I looked upon it with the eye of my understanding, and thought, ‘What may this be?’ And it was answered generally thus, ‘It is all that is made.’ I marveled how it might last, for I thought it might suddenly have fallen to nothing for littleness. And I was answered in my understanding: It lasts and ever shall, for God loves it. And so have all things their beginning by the love of God.In this little thing I saw three properties. The first is that God made it. The second that God loves it. And the third, that God keeps it.
C.J. Mahaney, Humility: True Greatness|Truly edifying words are words that reveal the character and the promises and the activity of God. They're cross-centered words. They're words rooted in and derived from Scripture, words that identify the active presence of God, and words that communicate the evidences of grace that you observe in others. They're words that flow from a humble heart.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|The two of them simply weren't attracted to just any attractive, eligible man; they were attracted rarely, but when it happened, it was evidently a life-altering experience.
Liana Liberato|I always think that I'm the best thing in a lot of bad movies. Personally, I have to. I think that I like me as an actor.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Strikes|I ripped my left arm out of his hand and slammed my elbow into his solar plexus. He exhaled in a gasp. I lunged for the dagger and sat on top of him, my knees pinning his arms, my dagger on his throat.He lay still. “I give up,” he said and smiled. “Your move.”Er. I was sitting atop the Beast Lord in my underwear, holding a knife to his throat. What the hell was my next move?
Gabby Bess, Alone with Other People|I wouldn’t be a good wife, but I would be a wife in a way that was cinematically compelling.
Sunday Adelaja|Even though the Judge would charge the jury that they should listen to all the evidence before they made up their minds, the chances were likely that 100% of them will have already decided if William was guilty or not before the trial was over.
K. Howard Joslin, Honest Wrestling: Questions of Faith When Attacked by Life|I should not be surprised," said Mr. Graham, "that the day should come when men will refuse to believe in God simply on the ground of the apparent injustice of things. They would argue that there might be either an omnipotent being who did not care, or a good being who could not help, but that there could not be a being both all good and omnipotent or else he would never have suffered things to be as they are.
Niall Matter|Man, in the collective sense, is the hero of science. Man, in the collective sense, is the hero of Earth.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|She took out a shiny folded pamphlet, the kind they kept stacked in clear plastic stands in hospital waiting rooms. "How to Come Out to Your Parents," she read out loud. "LUKE. Don't be ridiculous. Simon's not gay, he's a vampire.
Jodi Picoult, House Rules|I don’t think the world should assume that we are all natural mothers. And it does. I don’t think it’s such a big thing anymore, but the idea that you sacrifice everything for your children—it’s a load of rubbish. It leads to very destructive living and thinking, and it has a much worse effect on children than if you go out and live your own life. You’re meant to adore your children at all times, and you’re not meant to have a bad thought about them. That’s facism, you know, and it’s elevating the child at the expense of the mother. It’s like your life is not valid except in fulfilling this child’s needs. What about all your needs, your desires, your wants, your problems? They’re going to come out anyway, so it’s better they’re acknowledged straight off. Having said that, I really do believe that children have to be protected. They have to be loved. Somewhere between the two, I think, something needs to be sorted out. The relationship between parent and child is so difficult and so complex. There’s every emotion there. We mostly only acknowledge the good ones. If we were allowed to talk about the other ones, maybe it would alleviate them in some way
Ankala V Subbarao|For the first 30years of life, you keep learning. The rest of your life you keep unlearning what you had learnt
Lauren Graham|Humor is such a wonderful thing, helping you realize what a fool you are but how beautiful that is at the same time.
Sebastian Faulks, Birdsong|He didn’t ask himself if she was beautiful, because the physical effect of her presence made the question insignificant.
Grace Jones|As Assistant Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs, a constant concern for me is having our veterans dragged into partisan politics.
Emma Cline, The Girls|But it was something else, too, that I wanted to extend: the taut and pleasant silence in the car, the stale heat raising vapours of leather. The warped image of myself in the side mirrors, so I caught only the quantity of hair, the freckled skin of my shoulder. I took on the shape of a girl.
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|We knew she [Sylvia] was unusual, because of the seriousness with which she was treated, the lofty importance of her job as guest managing editor, and because she was kept fast at her desk when the rest of us were allowed to fool around….I remember we discussed how the editors treater her differently from the rest of us, as if she had been pre-recognized as someone they were expecting great things of.
Simon Schwartz|In insisting that peasant activity contrary to Communist policies could be defined as kulak while at the same time maintaining that his approach to the peasantry was based on scientific Marxist class analysis, Lenin provided his successors with conceptualizations that would be used in collectivization when Stalin launched a war against all peasants.
Bruna Martinuzzi, Presenting with Credibility|The ability to see our lives as stories and share those stories with others is at the core of what it means to be human. We use stories to order and make sense of our lives, to define who we are, even to construct our realities: this happened, then this happened, then this. I was, I am, I will be. We recount our dreams, narrate our days and organize our memories into stories we tell others and ourselves. As natural-born storytellers, we respond to others’ stories because they are deeply, intimately familiar.
Christopher Mintz-Plasse|And they didn't have to get into a lot of legal speak or talk ER terms, they were real people. I think that's why so many actresses were attracted to it. And it was just about problems that you could identify with so much, right off the bat.
T.S. Eliot, The Complete Poems and Plays|Some people are attracted to sickness, to the kind of madness where sparks fly off the head, to the incoherence of despair, masked by nervous energy, which winds up looking like bewildered joy.
Paul Miller, A Praying Life|educational television had a dramatic effect on relational aggression. The more the kids watched, the crueler they’d be to their classmates. This correlation was 2.5 times higher than the correlation between violent media and physical aggression.
Jenson Button|You see, without hard work and responsibility, there is no American Dream. Hard work lays the foundation. Our solidarity makes work pay - for all of us. For the greater good. That's what our vision of shared prosperity is all about.
Amit Abraham|Everything in its own time. If your time is not right now, your right now may be soon.
Siobhan Davis, True Calling|But I have made a study of Shadowhunters now, over the past century, and let me tell you that we are more human than most human beings. When our hearts break, they break into shards that cannot be easily fit back together. I envy mundanes their resilience sometimes.
George F. Will, The Woven Figure: Conservatism and America's Fabric|Poetry of World War I, at least in its lyrical mode, was itself the last flowering of the Age of Innocence that preceded the war, that the horrors of the trenches sparked the final blossoming, as friction gives rise to fire; that the daily nightmare unfolding before the soldiers sharpened their sense of beauty, prophecy, and mission.
Shannon L. Alder|When you think this pain is all you deserve, you are right. You are the only one that can decide how long you will walk in hell.
Dave Robinson|This isn't about simple morality. Not anymore. The world is too big, and there are worlds in worlds. They were always there, in everyone's heads, but now we can see them. We're starting to bleed into each other.
Peter Landesman|I'm obsessed with Nicholas Sparks. I've literally read every single book, because every time I travel, at the airport, I always buy a new Nicholas Sparks book.
Sara Sheridan|You spill a lot of beans in historical fiction. Crime fiction is about spilling no beans at all. You spill the least beans you possibly can. So because I had already written historical fiction before I was really good at the spilling beans section, but the new skill I had to learn when I was writing Brighton Belle was difficult. I had to avoid the equivalent of shouting, "this character's a murderer! Look who did it!.
Richard M. Nixon|Poetry is the universal language which the heart holds with nature and itself. He who has a contempt for poetry, cannot have much respect for himself, or for anything else.
John D. Barrow, New Theories of Everything|If one is working from the point of view of getting beauty into one's equation, ... one is on a sure line of progress.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|... Whenever Eleanor felt nervous or scared, she told herself to be happy instead. (It didn’t really make her feel better, but it kept her from feeling worse …)
Henry Van Dyke|Time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is eternity.
Richard Long|Don’t waste a minute fretting over the infinite destructive possibilities of The Singularity. Think of all the fun we’re going to have along the way! It will all be one glorious adventure, start to finish!
Katherine McIntyre, Poisoned Apple|Amazingly, I can still see the stars: whole galaxies blooming from nothing - pink and purple suns, vast silver oceans, a thousand white moons.
Dana Kramer-Rolls, The Way of the Cat: Nap, Do Nothing, and Stretch Your Way to a Blissful Life|War...is ugly and brutalizing, and the nobility is in doing it without becoming ugly and brutalizing.
Lang Leav, Lullabies|You were none, and now you're all; your worth will rise, the more I fall.
V.L. Dreyer|Being a novelist is not the sort of thing we can shut off. It infests every bit of us until we lose the boundary between Person and Writer, like one of those color charts where it is impossible to say where the blue stops and the red begins.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|I love you too, Will Blakelee," she whispered, leaning in to kiss him again.
Alfred Adler|As a single withered tree, if set aflame, causes a whole forest to burn, so does a rascal son destroy a whole family.
Genevieve Gerard|Cat's brows shot up as Lucas slid the plate across the counter. "I'm impressed. I wouldn't have assumed you ate real food much less cooked it," she teased.	"I'm curious, what did you think I ate?" he asked as he grabbed a fork and a knife for her.	She smiled. "I don't know, bats... small critters you happen upon in the underworld."	Lucas handed her a napkin. "Nah, bats don't really have that much meat on them," he retorted with a grin of his own.
Wilt Chamberlain|I want to know everything there is to know about Lewis and Clark. And I want to do the Sunday crossword in less than an hour. I want to be the best dad in the world. I want to play Richard II, and I want to win another Tony award.
Abigail Adams|But let no person say what they would or would not do, since we are not judges for ourselves until circumstances call us to act.
Anthony Rubino Jr., Life Lessons from Melrose Place|If you find it difficult to get along with your boss, try to reason with him and talk through your differences. If that doesn't work, drive him to suicide and take over the company.
John Howard Griffin, Black Like Me|...[A] lot of them, without even understanding the cause, just give up. They take what they can-mostly in pleasure,and they make the grand gesture, the wild gesture, because what have they got to lose if they do die in a car wreck or a knife fight or something else equally stupid.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|I was meeting a mountain. I meant to kiss her in secret. I meant to wed her under the midnight dark. The prettiest mountain you ever saw, sparkling with snow in all the right places, rich with granite and tourmaline and silver, sturdy and sensible and weathered by experience of eons. When she saw me, my mountain's pine trees bristled and the wind in her heights whistled my name. When I saw her, I felt rivers break through the rock of my heart and carve me into a new shape.
Bryant McGill|You would not believe what skill, power and ability your total intelligence possesses until you are in desperate need.
Kyra Davis|Sometimes we have to step out of our comfort zones. We have to break the rules. And we have to discover the sensuality of fear. We need to face it, challenge it, dance with it.
Henry H. Buckley|No honest work of man or woman "fails"  it feeds the sum of all human action.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|A poem, as a manifestation of language and thus essentially dialogue, can be a message in a bottle, sent out in the –not always greatly hopeful-belief that somewhere and sometime it could wash up on land, on heartland perhaps. Poems in this sense too are under way: they are making toward something. Toward what? Toward something standing open, occupiable, perhaps toward an addressable Thou, toward an addressable reality.
Thomas Love Peacock, Nightmare Abbey|If we go on in this way, we shall have a new art of poetry, of which one of the first rules will be: To remember to forget that there are any such things as sunshine and music in the world.
Clint Catalyst, Cottonmouth Kisses|There's so much I should say, so many things I should tell him, but in the end I tell him nothing.I cut a line and my losses, and I light a cigarette.
Gina Bellman|My first plays were amazingly bad, but I had a teacher who thought I had promise, and he kept working with me. I finally went to a summer workshop before my senior year with people like Sam Shepard and Maria Irene Fornes who encouraged me to write from my subconscious, and suddenly all this material about culture clash came out.
Sylvain Tesson, Dans les forêts de Sibérie|As a general rule, man strives to avoid labor. Love for work is not at all an inborn characteristic: it is created by economic pressure and social education. One may even say that man is a fairly lazy animal. It is on this quality, in reality, that is founded to a considerable extent all human progress; because if man did not strive to expend his energy economically, did not seek to receive the largest possible quantity of products in return for a small quantity of energy, there would have been no technical development or social culture.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Every human being is either wasting time, spending time or investing time.
Liz Thebart, Walk Away|Somewhere in between, I had fallen for that boy.
Jane Casey|Because of course, for every revelation of weakness, there had to be an equal and opposite show of strength.
Molly Guptill Manning, When Books Went to War: The Stories that Helped Us Win World War II|Like all cities, Beirut has many layers, and I had been familiar with one or two. What I was introduced to that day with Ali and Kamal was the Beirut of its people. You take different groups, put them on top of each other, simmer for a thousand years, keep adding more and more strange tribes, simmer for another few thousand years, salt and pepper with religion, and what you get is a delightful mess of a stew that still tastes delectable and exotic, no matter how many times you partake of it.
Olivie Boyke|He stared at her, knowing with certainty thathe was falling in love. He looked the other way, Her face triggered through his heart, forcing him to look back, and admire that beauty!!Soon He pulled her close andkissed her beneath a blanket of stars,wondering how on earth he'd been luckyenough to find her... Wait it was morning, the dream was actually over !!
Anna Maria Chavez|I know my husband really loves me because he takes me to have ribs. He says I'm the only girl he ever took out who actually ate anything on her plate, as opposed to pushing it around.
Mario Benedetti|I'm a very driven, ambitious, positive person. But I'm a spiritual person as well.
Gore Vidal|By the time a man gets to be presidential material, he's been bought ten times over.
R.A.Delmonico|No matter what you want to do, you still have to start where you are.
James Allen, As a Man Thinketh|A strong man cannot help a weaker unless the weaker is willing to be helped, and even then the weak man must become strong of himself; he must, by his own efforts, develop the strength which he admires in another. None but himself can alter his condition.
Daniel Silva, The Unlikely Spy|If the forces are intense, (..) almost no company earns attractive returns on investment.If the forces are benign, (..) many companies are profitable. P. 25
Neil Gaiman|Once upon a time,’ is code for ‘I’m lying to you.’ We experience stories as lies and truth at the same time. We learn to empathize with real people via made-up people. The most important thing that fiction does is it lets us look out through other eyes, and that teaches us empathy—that behind every pair of eyes is somebody like us.
Stephen King|There was something terribly enthralling in the exercise of influence. No other activity was like it. To project one's soul into some gracious form, and let it tarry there for a moment; to hear one's own intellectual views echoed back to one with all the added music of passion and youth; to convey one's temperament into another as though it were a subtle fluid or a strange perfume: there was a real joy in that--perhaps the most satisfying joy left to us in an age so limited and vulgar as our own, an age grossly carnal in its pleasures, and grossly common in its aims....
J.G. Ballard, High-Rise|First she would try to kill him, but failing this give him food and her body, breast-feed him back to a state of childishness and even, perhaps, feel affection for him. Then, the moment he was asleep, cut his throat. The synopsis of the ideal marriage.
Roald Dahl, My Year|...the more risks you allow children to take, the better they learn to take care of themselves. If you never let them take any risks, then I believe they become very prone to injury. Boys should be allowed to climb tall trees and walk along the tops of high walls and dive into the sea from high rocks... The same with girls. I like the type of child who takes risks. Better by far than the one who never does so.
Katie Reus, Saved by Darkness|She couldn’t walk away from him again. Her heart couldn’t take it and she didn’t think his could either. When she'd left him, it had been like cutting off a limb. And she had, essentially. Because Ian was a part of her, embedded in her skin, her soul.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|There was something peculiarly gratifying about shouting in a blind rage until your words ran out. Of course, the aftermath was less pleasant. Once you'd told everyone you hated them and not to come after you, where exactly did you go?
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Other Wind|I think," Tehanu said in her soft, strange voice, "that when I die, I can breathe back the breath that made me live. I can give back to the world all that I didn't do. All that I might have been and couldn't be. All the choices I didn't make. All the things I lost and spent and wasted. I can give them back to the world. To the lives that haven't been lived yet. That will be my gift back to the world that gave me the life I did live, the love I loved, the breath I breathed.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If birds did not believe in their ability to fly, the sky would be empty.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|He was making a brave attempt, but Jason could see the sadness lingering in his eyes. Something had happened to him... something to do with Calypso.
Giuliana Rancic|The American people know the economy is too weak. Too many of them are suffering. So the question for Washington is, are we going to continue to play political games and - and - or are we going to say, we can do something right now to create jobs, to put money in the pockets of the middle-class, hire construction workers, teachers, veterans?
John Milton|Celestial light, shine inward...that I may see and tell of things invisible to mortal sight
Richard K. Morgan, Thirteen|For, like desire, regret seeks not to be analysed but to be satisfied. When one begins to love, one spends one’s time, not in getting to know what one’s love really is, but in making it possible to meet next day. When one abandons love one seeks not to know one’s grief but to offer to her who is causing it that expression of it which seems to one the most moving. One says the things which one feels the need of saying, and which the other will not understand, one speaks for oneself alone. I wrote: 'I had thought that it would not be possible. Alas, I see now that it is not so difficult.' I said also: 'I shall probably not see you again;' I said it while I continued to avoid shewing a coldness which she might think affected, and the words, as I wrote them, made me weep because I felt that they expressed not what I should have liked to believe but what was probably going to happen.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If God had a flower for each moment He thought of you, the whole universe would be a garden.
Jane   Emery, The Billionaire's Forbidden Love: Sex, Lies & Secrets|My fingers running through her hair, she forgets all her problems.- Let's Get Lost
Karl Ove Knausgård|I had always liked staying the night with other families, having your own room with a freshly made bed, full of unfamiliar objects, with a towel and a washcloth nicely laid out, and from there straight into the heart of family life, despite there always being, no matter whom I visited, an uncomfortable side, because even though people always try to keep existing tensions in the background whenever guests are present, the tensions are still noticeable, and you can never know if it is your presence that has caused them or whether they are just there and indeed your presence is helping to suppress them. A third possibility is, of course, that all these tensions were just tensions that lived their own lives in my head.
Sabrina Zbasnik|I think it's important to remember that writers do not have a monopoly of wisdom on their books. They can be wrong about their own books, they can often learn about their own books
Bruno Bettelheim, The Uses of Enchantment: The Meaning and Importance of Fairy Tales|The myth of Oedipus . . . arouses powerful intellectual and emotional reactions in the adult-so much so, that it may provide a cathartic experience, as Aristotle taught all tragedy does. [A reader] may wonder why he is so deeply moved; and in responding to what he observes as his emotional reaction, ruminating about the mythical events and what these mean to him, a person may come to clarify his thoughts and feelings. With this, certain inner tensions which are the consequence of events long past may be relieved; previously unconscious material can then enter one's awareness and become accessible for conscious working through. This can happen if the observer is deeply moved emotionally by the myth, and at the sametime strongly motivated intellectually to understand it.
Kālidāsa, The complete works of Kalidasa|Yesterday is but a dream,Tomorrow is only a vision. But today well lived makes every yesterday a dream of happiness, and every tomorrow a vision of hope.
Debasish Mridha|When you love and it hurt, love more and love without expectation.
Eric Bentley|Experts tell us that 90% of all brain development occurs by the age of five. If we don't begin thinking about education in the early years, our children are at risk of falling behind by the time they start Kindergarten.
William Shakespeare, As You Like It|I pray you, do not fall in love with me, for I am falser than vows made in wine.
Laura Kreitzer, Keepers|Help me out,” I pleaded. “You’ve left me alone to deal with this situation, and now we’re being dealt the consequences.”I swore I heard Tom growl. I actually pulled the phone from my ear to stare at it to make sure it hadn’t turned into a tiny lion.
Umberto Eco|It's just poetry, beauty and love. How hard can that be to act?
Stephnie Weir|If wearing the Spanx helps you get looks, and you feel that energy and response, and you're rocking your body with confidence, that's still how you'll feel about yourself when you get home and take the Spanx off... If your attitude improves from the Spanx, wear the Spanx!
Ellen J. Barrier|There is a better future, with a greater purpose. We can find it, only when we search for it.
Hanna Rosin|The romantic view would be that nomads are wonderful people, better than us; they care about the environment.
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|One thing he discovered with a great deal of astonishment was that music held for him more then just pleasure. There was meat to it. The grouping of sounds, their forms in the air as they rang out and faded, said something comforting to him about the rule of Creation. What the music said was that there is a right way for things to be ordered so that life might not always be just tangle and drift, but have a shape, an aim. It was a powerful argument that life did not just happen.
Goldie Hawn|Letting go of someone we love is the hardest thing we will ever do. Some people never surrender to love for the fear of being hurt. But to not have loved, to not have felt the immense joy it brings, would have been a far worse kind of death.
Piper Payne, White Lies|It's the in-between, the sustenance, not just the gears and bolts that make a human. When you forget to find out how the person was built—the oil, chemistry, and the craft—you miss all the beauty.
Susan Barbara Apollon, An Inside Job: A Psychologist Shares Healing Wisdom for Your Cancer Journey|Your life is shaped by the thoughts and experiences you choose—and make no mistake, the decision is always yours. I promise, when you learn to be conscious and in control of what you are focusing on, you can begin to create high vibrational experiences, which will transform and heal your life.
Andrew     Miller, Dub Steps|The writers themselves … they were pitifully out of context. So self-assured, so assuming, so completely wrong. Unable – any of them – to imagine what might be coming.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|Mountains could be what happens when Father Earth eats something that doesn’t agree with him. When he burps, mountains pop up.""That’s absurd," Keselo said, trying not to laugh."If you’ve got a better theory, I’d be happy to hear it," Red-Beard said mildly. "Anyway, a burp isn’t anything but air that boils up out of a man’s stomach, so Father Earth’s mountains have chunks of empty air in the middle of them—burps that didn’t quite manage to make it to the surface, you understand.
Susanna Kaysen, Girl, Interrupted|Smile and the world smiles with you, cry and you cry alone.
Mondo Frazier, The Secret Life of Barack Hussein Obama|Rights holders, seeing how unpopular their ideas were, headed down a darker path; rather than give up on government help for such schemes, they worked to get them through with limited public debate. New Zealand’s revised law, which began with the presumption that the accused were in fact infringers, was pushed through in 2011 under "urgency" rules in the wake of the major Christchurch earthquake. In the United Kingdom, the Digital Economy Act laid the groundwork for a similar scheme and had to be passed during a hurried "wash-up" session with little discussion just before new elections in 2010.
Kristen Ashley, The Gamble|What was a kiss without a kiss?" It was a tablecloth tugged from beneath a party service, everything jumbled against everything else in just a few chaotic moments. Fingers in hair. Hands cupping necks. Mouths dragged on cheeks and chins in dangerous proximity.
Patti Larsen, Prince Nameless|One last characteristic of the memoir that is important to recognize is one which also applies to essays, and which Georg Lukacs described as "the process of judging." This may seem problematic to some, since...we connect it with 'judgmental,' often used nowadays as a derogatory word. But the kind of judgment necessary to the good personal essay, or to the memoir, is not that nasty tendency to oversimplify and dismiss other people out of hand but rather the willingness to form and express complex opinions, both positive and negative.If the charm of memoir is that we, the readers, see the author struggling to understand her past, then we must also see the author trying out opinions she may later shoot down, only to try out others as she takes a position about the meaning of her story. The memoirist need not necessarily know what she thinks about her subject but she must be trying to find out; she may never arrive at a definitive verdict, but she must be willing to share her intellectual and emotional quest for answers. Without this attempt to make a judgment, the voice lacks interest, the stories, becalmed in the doldrums of neutrality, become neither fiction nor memoir, and the reader loses respect for the writer who claims the privilege of being the hero in her own story without meeting her responsibility to pursue meaning. Self revelation without analysis or understanding becomes merely an embarrassment to both reader and writer.
Vincent Torres|You've captured my flag but I captured your imagination. It's true you regulate what I grow, regulate what i know, and to pray or to play I got to pay you a fee, pero we both know that you wish you could dance like me.
Kenneth Clark, Another Part of the Wood : A Self Portrait|It would be unfair to say that I prefer the back of a book to its contents, but it is true that the sight of a lot of books gives me the hope that I may some day read them, which sometimes develops into the belief that I have read them.
Norn9 norn+nonet|When you become big enough to wear this, they'll come for you. You'll probably be 17. It will be spring. Get on the ship. There, your ability will be needed. Then you'll be... free from solitude.
Jennifer Grey|If you work hard in real life, people tend to get in your way - either from inertia or prejudice - and they stop you achieving things. It's the worst thing about real life compared with sports, where you generally get what you deserve: if you're the fastest guy, you win; there are no other games being played.
Dada Bhagwan|The Soul’s doership has arisen due to ignorance. Because of this, the inner working components of antaskaran [mind, intellect, chitta and ego] have arisen, and so has the relative-self [prakruti].
Charles Bukowski, Mockingbird Wish Me Luck|you shoulda known the entirety of the trap, a**hole,love means eventual painvictory means eventual defeatgrace means eventual slovenliness,there's no wayout...you see, youunderstand?
Paul Arden|Modern scientific knowledge appeared piecemeal. Historians wrote about human history; physicists tackled the material world; and biologists studied the world of living organisms. But there were few links between these disciplines, as researchers focused on getting the details right.
Karl Marx, Wage-Labour and Capital/Value, Price and Profit|By buying the power of the workman, the capitalist has, therefore, acquired the right to use of make that labouring power during the whole day or week.
William Mudford|Come ye viewless ministers of this dread hour! Come from the fenny lake, the hanging rock, and the midnight cave! The moon is red – the stars are out – the sky is burning – and all nature stands aghast at what we do!
Candi Kay, Christopher|Be a gentleman, and do it gently.
Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound|In order to be happy, every person must have: 1. Something meaningful to do. 2. Someone to love. (Friends and family and pets all count.) 3. Something to look forward to. It's really that simple.
Erich Segal|Without madness what is manBut a wholesome beast,Postponed corpse that begets?
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|Hopefulness is risky, since it is after all a form of trust, trust in the unknown and the possible, even in discontinuity. To be hopeful is to take on a different persona, one that risks disappointment, betrayal...
Chandrashekar, Paradise of Fantasies|The pristine virtue is nothing but absolute absurdity, utter obscurity and sheer imbecility.
Stephen D. Krashen, The Input Hypothesis: Issues and Implications|Ultimately, our questions must emerge not from mental categories, but from deep within the heart. They must rise to the surface of our beings as we sit in silence, so that they are not just the old questions which we raise whenever we have nothing else to talk about or just for the sake of argument. They need to be the questions which make a difference in our lives.
Walter Gropius|I keep guitars that are, you know, the neck's a little bit bent and it's a little bit out of tune. I want to work and battle it and conquer it and make it express whatever attitude I have at that moment. I want it to be a struggle.
Lemony Snicket, Shouldn't You Be in School?|The story of the book filled the car with exciting adventures of the sort that are fun to read about, so we didn’t have to think about the exciting adventures of the sort that are no fun to live through.
Dew Platt, Roma&retina|By the standards of a tourist strolling past looking for a quick lunch, the place was a dive. The sign on the window was small and easy to miss, and the antique feel of the place wasn't the prepackaged, old-shit-on-the-wall nostalgia that came with so many chain restaurants. The cafe was just old, and everything about it said old. But Jon liked it that way, if only because it kept the tourists away and spared him from hearing imported ignorance when there was plenty of local ignorance to go around.
Bill Hicks|We were somewhere around Barstow, on the edge of the desert, when the drugs began to take hold.
Suze Orman|We must never take the public's trust for granted - our predecessors worked hard to earn it, and it is our responsibility to continually earn that trust.
Pep Guardiola|I love roller coasters. I don't get a chance often, but I've gone to Magic Mountain and gone on the rides. I love roller coasters.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|I could write about how I feel when I sing, write and create something from heartbreak, sorrow, sadness or just simply nothingness. How nothingness can become the most beautiful, unexplainable feeling that makes you forget about gravity for an hour.
Nicole  Rae|You freaking bit me," I said, my voice hoarse. "You're lucky I don't call animal control.
Dada Bhagwan|In the beginning [in older days], if I were to say something that hurt the other person, I would turn it around by telling him, ‘Dear brother, my mind has been this way from the start!!!’ So the other person then becomes happy.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|The lessons of relationship that our primordial ancestors learned are deeply encoded in the genetics of our neurobiological circuits of love. They are present from the moment we are born and activated at puberty by the cocktail of neurochemicals. It’s an elegant synchronized system. At first our brain weighs a potential partner, and if the person ﬁts our ancestral wish list, we get a spike in the release of sex chemicals that makes us dizzy with a rush of unavoidable infatuation. It’s the ﬁrst step down the primeval path of pair-bonding.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If every citizen should recite their national anthem daily, you will develop love to serve your country better.
Leah Thomas, Because You'll Never Meet Me|Wait, how do most people make friends? I've only done it once. There has to be an easier way of going abouit it than getting thrown around and bleeding all over the place. But both of us went through that. So maybe...Nosebleeds = Friendship Maybe friends are drawn to bloodsheed. You know. Like sharks.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|There are only two kinds of people who can drain your energy: those you love, and those you fear. In both instances it is you who let them in. They did not force their way into your aura, or pry their way into your reality experience.
Lao Tzu|Being alone on the moors is scary; as the rain clouds settle in, it makes you realise your place in nature.
Craig Ferguson|How long will this last, this delicious feeling of being alive, of having penetrated the veil which hides beauty and the wonders of celestial vistas? It doesn't matter, as there can be nothing but gratitude for even a glimpse of what exists for those who can become open to it.
David Halberstam, Everything They Had: Sports Writing|[On writing:] "There's a great quote by Julius Irving that went, 'Being a professional is doing the things you love to do, on the days you don't feel like doing them.'", March 25, 2007.)
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|My spirit mirrors the radiance of a clear, blue sky. With closed eyes I lift my face and smile, warmed from the core and from above. All hopes and dreams compete with this endless expanse of heaven, desiring the clock of eternity. I reach with my hands―frenziedly achieving―attempting to learn and do all. Yet I understand the humble truth; a drop of rain shall amount to my contribution among all the droplets in the vast ocean of human history. It is a pure and precious tear that seeps from my efforts....my exist
Harriet Beecher Stowe|He was as bold as a lion about it, and 'mightily convinced' not only himself, but everybody that heard him;—but then his idea of a fugitive was only an idea of the letters that spell the word,—or at the most, the image of a little newspaper picture of a man with a stick and bundle, with "Ran away from the subscriber" under it. The magic of the real presence of distress,—the imploring human eye, the frail, trembling human hand, the despairing appeal of helpless agony,—these he had never tried. He had never thought that a fugitive might be a hapless mother, a defenseless child,—like that one which was now wearing his lost boy's little well-known cap; and so, as our poor senator was not stone or steel,—as he was a man, and a downright noble-hearted one, too,—he was, as everybody must see, in a sad case for his patriotism.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There is just one true God (I AM), and He is the giver of life! We have just one lifetime chance to live life! Let us therefore devote our one lifetime to His service, in truth and in spirit, loving Him fully with our lips, mind and heart, no matter what, knowing that regardless of who we are, when death ends our journey of life, we remain accountable to the giver of life!
Ged Thompson ~Poet|They tended to look at his lips, for his transient gaze was dizzying, though the mouth, you see, the mouth was also a danger, for the teeth would do the unraveling.
Richard Holloway, Doubts and Loves: What is Left of Christianity|When we talk about the theology of 'God is Dead,' this means that the notion of God must be dead in order for God to reveal himself as a reality. The theologians, if they only use concepts, and not direct experience, are not very helpful. The same goes for nirvana, which is something to be touched and lived and not discussed and described. We have notions that distort truth, reality. A Zen master said the following to a large assembly: 'My friends, every time I use the word Buddha, I suffer. I am allergic to it. Every time I do it, I have to go to the bathroom and rinse my mouth three times in succession.' He said this in order to help his disciples not to get caught up in the notion of Buddha. The Buddha is one thing, but the notion of Buddha is another.
Jaiendra Puri|We love our dear ones a lot but God love them more and take them from us,Worst feeling is that we can't meet or talk with them ever and this feeling kill us from inside.
Nicholas Sparks, The Choice|As Confucius once said, "He who does nothing is the one who does nothing."'Gabby pondered the words, the furrowed her brow. 'did Confucius really say that?'Sunglasses in place, Stephanie managed the tiniest of shrugs. 'No, but who cared? The point is, they handled, and most likely they found some sort of self-satisfaction in their industrious-ness. Who am I to deprive them of that?'Gabby put her hands on her hips. 'Or maybe you just wanted to be lazy.'Stephanie grinned. 'Like Jesus said, "Blessed are the lazy who lie in boats, for they shall inherit a suntan."''Jesus didn't say that.''True,' Stephanie afreed, sitting up. She removed her glasses, stared through them, then wiped them on a towel. 'But again, who cares?
Gustave Flaubert|I am an obscure and patient pearl-fisherman who dives into the deepest waters and comes up with empty hands and a blue face. Some fatal attraction draws me down into the abysses of thought, down into those innermost recesses which never cease to fascinate the strong. I shall spend my life gazing at the ocean of art, where others voyage or fight; and from time to time I’ll entertain myself by diving for those green and yellow shells that nobody will want. So I shall keep them for myself and cover the walls of my hut with them.
Abby Niles, Extreme Love|To read a novel is to wonder constantly, even at moments when we lose ourselves most deeply in the book: How much of this is fantasy, and how much is real?
Al Madrigal|I have found that a smile and a stick will carry you through all right, and in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred it is the smile that does the trick.
Matthew      Lewis, The Monk|Man was born for society. However little He may be attached to the World, He never can wholly forget it, or bear to be wholly forgotten by it. Disgusted at the guilt or absurdity of Mankind, the Misanthrope flies from it: He resolves to become an Hermit, and buries himself in the Cavern of some gloomy Rock. While Hate inflames his bosom, possibly He may feel contented with his situation: But when his passions begin to cool; when Time has mellowed his sorrows, and healed those wounds which He bore with him to his solitude, think you that Content becomes his Companion? Ah! no, Rosario. No longer sustained by the violence of his passions, He feels all the monotony of his way of living, and his heart becomes the prey of Ennui and weariness. He looks round, and finds himself alone in the Universe: The love of society revives in his bosom, and He pants to return to that world which He has abandoned. Nature loses all her charms in his eyes: No one is near him to point out her beauties, or share in his admiration of her excellence and variety. Propped upon the fragment of some Rock, He gazes upon the tumbling waterfall with a vacant eye, He views without emotion the glory of the setting Sun. Slowly He returns to his Cell at Evening, for no one there is anxious for his arrival; He has no comfort in his solitary unsavoury meal: He throws himself upon his couch of Moss despondent and dissatisfied, and wakes only to pass a day as joyless, as monotonous as the former.
Debasish Mridha|Every morning, sweeten your coffee with some love and you will sweeten your day with happiness.
Ashraf Saharudin|The information age is so psychotic – without the cell phone and Internet, I would be drama free right now.
Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique|Chosen motherhood is the real liberation. The choice to have a child makes the whole experience of motherhood different, and the choice to be generative in other ways can at last be made, and is being made by many women now, without guilt.
Alex Pattakos, Prisoners of Our Thoughts: Viktor Frankl's Principles for Discovering Meaning in Life and Work|When we work creatively and productively with others, our experience of meaning can be profound. When we work directly for the good of others, meaning deepens in ways that reward us beyond measure. Whenever we go beyond satisfying our own personal needs, we enter the realm of what Frankl called "ultimate meaning." some call it connection to a higher self, to God, to our own spirit, to universal consciousness, to love, to the collective good. No matter what it's called, it is deep meaning and it transforms our lives.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, Zaki's Save Me|if man's life value for women and if she need man,believe me she can not Broke his swear never in any situation,in any condition.
Jalaluddin Rumi, A Year with Rumi: Daily Readings|When your heart becomes the grave of your secret, that desire of your will be gained more quickly.
Fiona Zedde, Bliss|The first time someone else touched me with the intent to pleasure, I fell in love. Not with that person, but with the act itself. Such intimacy and accord. Even with the awkwardness of first time lovers there was a grace and purity, carnal and beautiful that I knew from that moment on I could never live without.
Ellen J. Barrier, The Price We Must Pay for Our Father's Sins|If every book was judged by its cover, very few would be read; education would be limited, and fewer movies would be made.
Amit Kalantri|The position of a hero is not for the comparision, it is a reference point
Timothy J. Keller, King's Cross: The Story of the World in the Life of Jesus|The God of the universe--the creator of nitrogen and pine needles, galaxies and E-minor--loves us with a radical, unconditional, self-sacrificing love. And what is our typical response? We go to church, sing songs, and try not to cuss.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Fred dislikes the idea going into the ministry partly because he doesn't like "feeling obligated to look serious", and he centers his doubts on "what people expect of a clergyman".
Terry Pratchett, The Science of Discworld II: The Globe|The universe is probably littered with the one-planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic decision that there's no good reason to go into space - each discovered, studied, and remembered by the ones who made the irrational decision.
Gloria Steinem|Stupid as a man, say the women: cowardly as a woman, say the men. Stupidity in a woman is unwomanly.
Jeanne McElvaney, Healing Insights: Effects of Abuse for Adults Abused as Children|There is a moment in our healing journey when our denial crumbles; we realize our experience and it's continued effects on us won't "just go away". That's our breakthrough moment. It's the sun coming out to warm the seeds of hope so they can grow our personal garden of empowerment.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Remember as there are people that can help you to roll the boat of your dreams, there are also people who can drill holes under that boat to make it sink.
Franco Santoro|I can see her, chin to chest, straining to push Junior out, and Junior snagging on her insides, grabbing hold of what he caught on to try to stay inside her, but instead he pulled it out with him when he was born.
Mike      O'Donnell|The city centre was still crawling with Christmas shoppers looking to add to their already burgeoning piles of gifts. To Scott they were like ants at a picnic, teeming from store to store, trailing oversized carrier bags and infants behind them as they went. Scott felt alien in this environment; pulling up his hood he hurried through the crowds, dodging pushchairs, lit cigarettes and charity collection tins.
Manoj Arora, Dream On|I want to fall in love, with an emphasis on the falling part.
Sarah Beth Durst, The Queen of Blood|Don't trust the fire, for it will burn you.Don't trust the ice, for it will freeze you.Don't trust the water, for it will drown you.Don't trust the air, for it will choke you.Don't trust the earth, for it will bury you.Don't trust the trees, for they will rip you,rend you, tear you, kill you dead.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Other Wind|The worst thing is that we live in a contaminated moral environment. We feel morally ill because we became used to saying something different from what we thought. Concepts such as love, friendship, compassion, humility or forgiveness lost their depth and dimension.
Angelina Jolie|The biggest thing I've learned from my dad is he's had adoring crowds of 8,000 at Berkeley, and 6,000 at Jerry Falwell's Liberty University. That's an amazing feat to have people coming out in one of the most liberal universities and one of the most conservative.
Michael Connelly, Trunk Music|But, as I say, I was toofull of excitement and (a true saying, though those who have neverknown danger may doubt it) too desperate to die.
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|If men should read these words, let them know that power is a heavy burden. Seek not to be bound by its chains.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|The simplest way to silence your critics as a leader is to do what they claim you can’t do. However, be careful they don’t set you up to take fatal risks to please their criticisms.
Alan Turing|Those who are truly contemporary are those who neither perfectly coincide with their time nor adapt to its demands... Contemporariness, then, is that relationship with time that adheres to it through a disconnection.
Stewart Home, The Art Strike Papers and Neoist Manifestos: The Years Without Art, 1990-1993|Live now, die later!
Brooke Gladstone, The Influencing Machine: Brooke Gladstone on the Media|Everything we hate about the media today was present at its creation: its corrupt or craven practitioners, its easy manipulation by the powerful, its capacity for propagating lies, its penchant for amplifying rage. Also present was everything we admire and require: factual information, penetrating analysis, probing investigation, truth spoken to power.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|What is it about stars that you love so much?” he asks.That answer comes quickly. “Because they’re infinite. They’re miracles, and anything is possible when you look out into the massive space that goes on and on.” Because I want that. I want to explore and see what’s out there and feel as free as those stars in the sky.
Pippa Croft, Fourth Time Forever|I don’t know exactly what life has in store for me, but my travels have helped me formulate a better idea of my immediate next move. Europe is where my heart lies, now; here in Paris, at a gallery or museum, or possibly Rome, where Alexander took me last winter.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Worry makes you weaker, regret makes you sadder, hate makes you angrier, but hope makes you stronger, and love makes you happier.
Robert J. Shiller|I can't live without my smartphone, but I really geek on coding. It's not so much technology that I like, but puzzle solving.
Michael Buckley, Once Upon a Crime|Are you familiar with that play?In fact, we're almost living it!
William James|So you see that the process of education, taken in a large way, may be described as nothing but the process of acquiring ideas or conceptions, the best educated mind being the mind which has the largest stock of them, ready to meet the largest possible variety of the emergencies of life. The lack of education means only the failure to have acquired them, and the consequent liability to be 'floored' and 'rattled' in the vicissitudes of experience.
Stephen Lovegrove, How to Find Yourself, Love Yourself, & Be Yourself: The Secret Instruction Manual for Being Human|It’s easy to think that if we had a different house, different car, different job, different relationship, different city, everything would be different; that we would feel different then.The problem is, you are the main character in the story that is your life. No matter how much you alter the setting of that story, you can’t escape from yourself. There are many factors which contribute to your experience on this planet, but ultimately, you are the one creating your experience here. In order to get to the life you are here to live, you must begin by becoming the person you are here to become.
Katherine McIntyre, Forged Alliances|I wash with the can of water I set aside the night before, and eat whatever I put next to it. The washing is not strictly necessary but, again, I have always found it a good way to greet the day. You wash after a period of work, after all, and what else is a night of sleep, if not work, or a journey at least? ("The Things He Said")
Jacques Prévert, Paroles|Les enfants qui s'aiment s'embrassent deboutContre les portes de la nuitEt les passants qui passent les désignent du doigtMais les enfants qui s'aimentNe sont là pour personneEt c'est seulement leur ombreQui tremble dans la nuitExcitant la rage des passantsLeur rage, leur mépris, leurs rires et leur envieLes enfants qui s'aiment ne sont là pour personneIls sont ailleurs bien plus loin que la nuitBien plus haut que le jourDans l'éblouissante clarté de leur premier amour
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Accept yourself, your strengths, your weaknesses, your truths, and know what tools you have to fulfill your purpose.
Danya Krish|Lucky's monologue: "(...)the strides of physical culture the practice of sports such as tennis football running cycling swimming flying floating riding gliding conating camogie skating tennis of all kinds dying flying sports of all sorts autumn summer winter winter tennis of all kinds hockey of all sorts peniciline and succedanea in a word(...)
Eudora Welty, On Writing|Through learning at my later date things I hadn't known, or had escaped or possibly feared realizing, about my parents - and myself - I glimpsed our whole family life as if it were freed of that clock time which spaces us apart so inhibitingly, divides young and old, keeps our living through the same experiences at separate distances. It is our inward journey that leads us through time - forward or back, seldom in a straight line, most often spiraling. Each of us is moving, changing, with respect to others. As we discover, we remember; remembering, we discover; and most intensely do we experience this when our separate journeys converge. Our living experience at those meeting points is one of the charged dramatic fields of fiction.
Benny Bellamacina|Always blow your own trumpet, blowing someone else’s is unhygienic
Murad S. Shah|When it's right it's never too late, when it's wrong it's always too soon
Donald Trump|To be poor does not mean you lack the means to extend charity to another. You may lack money or food, but you have the gift of friendship to overwhelm the loneliness that grips the lives of so many.
Liezi, Lieh-tzu: A Taoist Guide to Practical Living|Or, as Sextus, the ancient Pythagorian philosopher, said, "The wise man is always similar to himself." -
Will Kostakis, The Sidekicks|I can hear Isaac's smile. It softens his words, but they have a different meaning now. Between his mouth and my ears, they pass through everything that has happened since.
Thomas Ligotti, The Conspiracy Against the Human Race|So they trust in the deity of the Old Testament, an incontinent dotard who soiled Himself and the universe with his corruption, a low-budget divinity passing itself off as the genuine article. (Ask the Gnostics.) They trust in Jesus Christ, a historical cipher stitched together like Frankenstein's monster out of parts robbed from the graves of messiahs dead and buried - a savior on a stick. They trust in the virgin-pimping Allah and his Drum Major Mohammed, a prophet-come-lately who pioneered a new genus of humbuggery for an emerging market of believers that was not being adequately served by existing religious products. They trust in anything that authenticates their importance as persons, tribes, societies, and particularly as a species that will endure in this world and perhaps in an afterworld that may be uncertain in its reality and unclear in its layout, but which states their craving for values "not of this earth" - that depressing, meaningless place their consciousness must sidestep every day.
Martin Luther King Jr., Why We Can't Wait|Let me tell you a secret, Caitlin. We’re still in the cave. It’s just bigger, and we wear nicer clothes. We make alliances and try to be civil, we save the weak instead of leaving them out in the cold to die. . .
Carolyn Turgeon, Godmother: The Secret Cinderella Story|I'm here!" I said..."I'm read to go home!" As if they couldn't see me. As if I couldn't remember what it had been like, fluttering next to someone's ear and whispering into it. How the whole earth was like a musical instrument that we could play effortlessly....I could not fly. My sister was not there. My heart was broken.
Thomas Robert Malthus, An Essay on the Principle of Population|When a law isn't just, I believe it's okay to disobey it. In fact, I believe we are morally obliged to disobey it.
P.T. Michelle, Lucid|The thing about the sun… is that it’s always there. Like sometimes, you can’t see it, but it never really goes away.
Edward Gibbon|We would like to live as we once lived, but history will not permit it.
Ewan McGregor|I was with a friend of mine recently who was dying and while he was lying there with his family around his bed, I just knew that was it, that was the best you can hope for in life - to have your family and the people who love you around you at the end.
Samuel Johnson|If the Baron meets with a parcel of negro ships carrying whites into slavery to work upon their plantations in a cold climate, should we therefore imagine that he intends a reflection on the present traffic in human flesh? And that, if the negroes should do so, it would be simple justice, as retaliation is the law of God! If we were to think this a reflection on any present commercial or political matter, we should be tempted to imagine, perhaps, some political ideas conveyed in every page, in every sentence of the whole. Whether such things are or are not the intentions of the Baron the reader must judge.
Bill Gates|The State provides a legal, orderly, systematic channel for the predation of private property; it renders certain, secure, and relatively 'peaceful' the lifeline of the parasitic caste in society.
Harvey Pekar|This is my gift to you, this story that is also a song, these words that are a part of Fokir. Such flaws as there are in my rendition of it I do not regret, for perhaps they will prevent me from fading from sight, as a good translator should. For once, I shall be glad if my imperfections render me visible.
Debasish Mridha|If life is an adventure, then a vacation is an adventure to find true joy.
Robin Thicke|Caregivers had to take care of themselves, and part of that meant having a life beyond whatever illness had put them in their cole.
Auliq Ice|A woman, desires to hear nice words from a man who can praise her beauty.
Heather Blanton, A Lady in Defiance|Naomi knew she should pray... Instead, she put her face in her hands and wept with all the force of a bursting dam.
John Mackey|M dad was a boxer, so he had this fierce, physical presence.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|I wondered when I had forgotten that, despite everything, he was still just a child.
xSan|what we do and what we want do are not the same things sometimes sometimes what we do, doesn't really depend on us, sometimes its is just out of ourcontrol and driven by the desire to impress the others
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|Young women are not putting themselves in danger. The people around them are doing the real damage. Who? you might wonder. The abstinence teacher who tells her students that they'll go to jail if they have premarital sex. The well-founded organization that tells girls on college campuses that they should be looking for a husband, not taking women's studies classes. The judge who rules against a rape survivor because she didn't meet whatever standard for a victim he had in mind. The legislator who pushes a bill to limit young women's access to abortion because he doesn't think they're smart enough to make their own decisions. These are the people who are making the world a worse place, and a more dangerous one, at that, for girls and young women. We're just doing our best to live in it.
Vandana Yadav|Love is an urge to be with himWhen the first raindrop falls.Love is an ecstasy, the joy you feelWhen his presence is sound.Love is a tender tickle when youSit alone thinking of him.Love is a tear of happinessWhen the proposal dooms...
Matt Dillahunty|Let us all hope that the dark clouds of racial prejudice will soon pass away and the deep fog of misunderstanding will be lifted from our fear-drenched communities, and in some not too distant tomorrow the radiant stars of love and brotherhood will shine over our great nation with all their scintillating beauty.
Patricia Reid-Waugh, Retirement: A New Adventure|Now is your time. Go for it! It is never too late, or too early, to begin living the adventures of which you have always dreamed.
Mehek Bassi, Chained: Can you escape fate?|It's funny, most people can be around someone and they gradually begin to love them and never know exactly when it happened; but Ruth knew the very second it happened to her. When Idgie had grinned at her and tried to hand her that jar of honey, all these feelings that she had been trying to hold back came flooding through her, and it was at that second in time that she knew she loved Idgie with all her heart.
C. JoyBell C.|I just believe that us as women— should not criticize nor pull down other women. And why? Because we’re all just trying our best to be beautiful! We all just want to be loved, we want to be beautiful, we’re all trying to leave our own legacy! The good news is that the universe is unending and that means there is enough space for each woman on earth to leave her own mark and to be her own legacy. To be her own kind of beautiful. So why spend even a second on trying to take away from another woman? Trying to steal, trying to criticize, trying to oppress? There is enough space for every woman and every kind of beautiful, in this vast cosmos! When you waste any amount of time trying to take what is another’s— you are wasting your huge chunk of a galaxy that’s already been given to you!
Rosemarie Garland-Thomson|Now, Woolf calls her fictional bastion of male privilege Oxbridge, so I'll call mine Yarvard. Even though she cannot attend Yarvard because she is a woman, Judith cheerfully applies for admission at, let's call it, Smithcliff, a prestigious women's college. She is denied admission on the grounds thatthe dorms and classrooms can'taccommodate wheelchairs, that her speech pattern would interfere with her elocution lessons, and that her presence would upset the other students. There is also the suggestion that she is not good marriage material for the men at the elite college to which Smithcliff is a bride-supplying "sister school." The letter inquires as to why she hasn't been institutionalized.When she goes to the administration building to protest the decision, she can't get up the flight of marble steps on the Greek Revival building. This edifice was designed to evoke a connection to the Classical world, which practiced infanticide of disabled newborns.
Walt Disney Company, Belle's Discovery|He felt as if there were something missing inside him that didn't fit in with their merriment, with their willing ignorance of the world outside the castle. It went beyond his title. He had enjoyed their company early in his adolescence, but it had become apparent that he'd always be a step away. The worst of it was that they didn't seem to notice he was different- or that he felt different. Were it not for Chaol, he would have felt immensely lonely.
Estella M. Chung, Living Artfully: At Home with Marjorie Merriweather Post|Luggage and guests did not travel together ... in fact, luggage went by a different route, so suitcases could be distributed to guest rooms before they arrived
Vishwas Chavan|We alays blame the outer world for our failures, unhappiness and frustration. It is time to realise that it is health, harmony and wealth of our inner world that determine the degree of our success, joy, peace and bliss.
C. JoyBell C.|I think that fame removes true happiness. Because when you are famous, people know you for who they think you are and when you are happy, it's because people have met you and see you for who you really are. Of course, if you are not a great person, it's better to be famous. But if you have greatness, it's better to not be famous.
Edward Snowden|Weakness is what brings ignorance, cheapness, racism, homophobia, desperation, cruelty, brutality, all these things that will keep a society chained to the ground, one foot nailed to the floor.
Martha Washington|I am still determined to be cheerful and happy, in whatever situation I may be; for I have also learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends upon our dispositions, and not upon our circumstances. a
Chad Harbach, The Art of Fielding|I went to the little window and inhaled the country air. One could hear the breathing of the night, feminine, enormous.
Robin Benway, Emmy & Oliver|I would like a cappuccino," says Linus politely. "Thank you.""Your name?""I'll spell it for you," he says. "Z-W-P-A-E-N--""What?" She stares at him, Sharpie in hand."Wait, I haven't finished. Double F-hyphen-T-J-U-S. It's an unusual name, Linus adds gravely. "It's Dutch.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Before asking God’s forgiveness there is something important you must do. You must repent, that is, turn from the behavior and lifestyle that [leads to sin].
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|Find joy in the faces of children who view life as so magical. Give thanks every day for your life and for your existence. Your life matters, you matter. So many people think and care about you and you’re never really alone! Remember your loved ones are the real gift. I care about you; you have a friend in me. Look forward to knowing that next year is going to be even better than the last…
Sunday Adelaja|It is not enough to know that you are called, it is also necessary to know how you will accomplish your calling
Leslie Ludy, Wrestling Prayer: A Passionate Communion with God|No matter how outlandishly audacious your prayers might sound in your own ears, they are nothing in light of God's willingness and ability to answer.
R.J. Larson, King|Kien, talking with Akabe, caught Ela's glance and grinned, luring her thoughts toward him. Gorgeous man! How dare he distract her?*****************************************Akabe turned and saw what-or rather who-had distracted Kien mid-sentence. He should have known. And he understood. If Caitria had cast him such a loving smile, Akabe would have abandoned this impromptu conference altogether. But Caitria petted Issa, ignoring everyone else. Therefore... Akabe backhanded Kien's shoulder. "Stop flirting with your wife and pay attention!" Kien shot him a mock-threatening look. "I am your servant, sir." A headstrong and unexpected servant, Akabe agreed silently. But most welcome.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|I must be cruel only to be kind;Thus bad begins, and worse remains behind.
Neil M. Gunn|Be careful... any time you find yourself defining the "winner" as someone other than the agent who is currently smiling from on top of a giant heap of utility
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Midnight Palace|There are two things in life you cannot choose. The first is your enemies; the second your family. Sometimes the difference between them is hard to see, but in the end time will show you that the cards you have been dealt could always have been worse.
Unknown Russian|Too many young Indigenous members of our community are being caught up in the criminal justice system, with an increasing number of cases resulting in notably unjust and undue outcomes, primarily due to the lack of resources available
Anja Owona Okoa, What if we're faeries?|If the moon faerie became like the sun faerie, there would be eternal day and if the sun faerie became like the moon faerie, it would be pitch dark. Therefore you balance each other out. Do you see?
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|I will, however, establish that success in love, as in all other aspects of life, belongs, as a rule, to the persistent and fiber man. Chaucer had reason to make the Old Bath confess: 'The truth is, more or less, we always succumb to attention and perseverance'.
E.J. Stevens|Not so long ago we were all a tightly knit group of friends. Too bad someone had ripped apart the stitches that held us together, unraveling the cozy blanket of our friendship and leaving just enough strands to hang ourselves with.
Shaye Evans, Seduction Squad|He's just... mean. Or gay.No, he's not gay. I asked...Mean it is, then.
Mary Hughes, The Bite of Silence|Listen, murderer, I don’t want to hear anything you have to say!” Jackson growled loudly.
José Ortega y Gasset|Nine-tenths of that which is attributed to sexuality is the work of our magnificent ability to imagine, which is no longer an instinct, but exactly the opposite: a creation.
Orison Swett Marden|The true way to be humble is not to stoop until you are smaller than yourself, but to stand at your real height against some higher nature that will show you what the real smallness of your greatness is.
Titus Burckhardt, Mirror of the Intellect: Essays on the Traditional Science and Sacred Art|Beauty always represents an inward and inexhaustible equilibrium of forces; and this overwhelms our soul, since it can neither be calculated nor mechanically produced. A sense of beauty can therefore permit us the direct experience of relationships before we can perceive them, in a differentiated manner, with our discursive reason; in this, incidentally, there is a defence for our own physical and psychic well-being, something that we cannot neglect with impunity.
Maureen Brady, Beyond Survival: A Writing Journey for Healing Childhood Sexual Abuse|We can ill afford to wait until we have worked through all our memories & feelings about incest before learning to rest & play. While it may seem to be a natural impulse to get to the bottom of things & purge ourselves fully, we need to regularly examine the full picture of our lives for balance along the way…Learning to rest & play is an essential part of our healing.
Mark McKinnon|What a cool job to be part of - whether it's doing lighting or acting or serving food on set. You're part of telling a story that hopefully has an essential component, and that's super exciting to me.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When Jesus needed friends, they left Him.
Chuck D, Lyrics of a Rap Revolutionary, Vol. 1|WHITE NATIONALISTS & BLACK LIVES MATTER: The harder you swing the pendulum one way, the more violently it will swing back.
Charlotte Fairchild, Fertile Prayers: Daily Fertile Prayers|If your prayers are not fertile, what are they? How do you make the Buddy System feminine? Pink is feminine.
Jonah Lehrer, Imagine: How Creativity Works|Every creative journey begins with a problem. It starts with a feeling of frustration, the dull ache of not being able to find the answer. We have worked hard, but we've hit the wall. We have no idea what to do next.
Rosa Brooks, How Everything Became War and the Military Became Everything: Tales from the Pentagon|I leave marks on you, not the other way around.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|We all carry success gene within us, but its manifestation is our responsibility.
Meagan Spooner|When a friend leaves you, you move on. When a best friend leaves you, part of you is gone
Sharon Kay Penman, Time and Chance|Well, dearest, what would you tell a farmer who had an over-abundant harvest? To plant less, of course!"..."I am not complaining about the frequency of the planting," she said. "I’d just rather not reap a crop every year.
Louise L. Hay|We're looking at Earth science, observing our planet. Also space science, looking at the ozone in the atmosphere around our Earth. Also looking at life science. And on a human level, using ourselves as test subjects.
Maria Elena, Eternal Youth|You'll live through my words and my pictures, and I'll live somewhere the skies are blue.
Susan Blackmore|Tactics, fitness, stroke ability, adaptability, experience, and sportsmanship are all necessary for winning.
Colson Whitehead, The Intuitionist|If the second dinosaur to the left of the tall cycad tree had not happened to sneeze and thereby fail to catch the tiny, shrew-like ancestor of all the mammals, we should none of us be here.
Sunday Adelaja|Always work and take productive actions, do not rely on prayers and fasting alone
William Shakespeare, The Winter's Tale|We believe people with Passion CAN change the World for the Better." -Steve Jobs
Robin McKinley, The Blue Sword|[Harry] had always suffered from a vague restlessness, a longing for adventure that she told herself severely was the result of reading too many novels when she was a small child.
Javier Marías, A Heart So White|When they find what they don't like , they destroy it. Because it scares them-and you girls would scare them as much as anything they've ever seen.' 'Why?' asked Isobel. 'Because . . . because of what they believe.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|A smiling lie is a whirlwind, easy to enter, but hard to escape.
Erin Kellison, Until Dawn: A Dragons of Bloodfire World Novella|He kissed it better,” she told them.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We are the most informed people in the history of civilization—and yet the most confused. Though our heads are crammed with knowledge, our hearts are empty.
Patricia Cori, The Emissary|Jamie was like no one else he had ever met. She had ethics; she had moral integrity. She was clearly not corruptible, at least not for money--that test was over.
John Lubbock|All those who love Nature she loves in return, and will richly reward, not perhaps with the good things, as they are commonly called, but with the best things of this world-not with money and titles, horses and carriages, but with bright and happy thoughts, contentment and peace of mind.
Phạm Thị Hoài|It's all you think about, all you talk about, and all you want us to talk about. What in the world would we call something like that? Oh, yeah! An obsession!
Indiana Lang|To a common man, the opulence of the day makes no sense but to a philosopher, it is as clear as a night in the southern France.
Colleen Houck|It’s like this…a starving man would gladly eat a radish, right? In fact, a radish would be a feast if that’s all he had. But if he had a buffet in front of him, the radish would never be chosen.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|I know what you're gonna think, what you're gonna ask. Percy Jackson, why are you hanging from a Times Square billboard without your pants on, about to fall to your death?
Conor Oberst|If you work on a comedy show, your basic form of communication is teasing. That's generally how we speak to each other: you communicate the information between the lines of insulting sentences.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Positive spirit, positive strength.
Sue Monk Kidd, Traveling With Pomegranates: A Mother-Daughter Story|The words were unexpected, but so incisively true. So much of prayer is like that - an encounter with a truth that has sunk to the bottom of the heart, that wants to be found, wants to be spoken, wants to be elevated into the realm of sacredness.
Alin Sav|If you start to do things that nobody does, you will get things that nobody gets.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|As if the night had said to me, ‘You are the night and the night alone understands you and enfolds you in its arms’ One with the shadows. Without nightmare. An inexplicable peace.
Donald Goines, Whoreson|If I had to embrace a definition of success, it would be that success is making the best choices we can . . . and accepting them.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley|No, you will never been tamed, you are a monster, the eternal wild one. I often wonder where you came from, only someone with something to hide has such a cloudy beginnings. Who are you? Or more importantly who were you? There is only the odd bits that are known about you and nothing is set in stone. Do you even know the real you behind the charade? The fact that you are aroused by virginity, is a worrying fascination. I would not be surprised if the person who turned you realised what a monster he'd created. They were not called Frankenstein by any chance? Maybe you are a creature of many parts? Did you destroy your creator as well in a fit of rage? Is that why your are always looking for your virgin bride? Only you take beautiful swans and turn them into ugly ducklings. You will never return to that life that you give up. Stop trying to recreate them.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|What is it the I'll want from you? Not love: that would be too much to ask. Not forgiveness, which isn't yours to bestow. Only a listener, perhaps; only someone who will see me. Don't prettify me though, whatever else you do: I have no wish to be a decorated skull. But I leave myself in your hands. What choice do I have? By the time you read this last page, that- if anywhere- is the only place I will be.
F. David Peat|...there is much more to matter than modern science currently would like to acknowledge. By developing insights about the observer, we can describe matter in a new way.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|If people would take me seriously, I’d never find out anything significant about them.
R.L. Mathewson, Without Regret|To me, it was clear proof of the existence of supersymmetry, the idea that every particle has a partner. She was mine.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Creativity: Flow and the Psychology of Discovery and Invention|Creative people are constantly surprised. They don’t assume that they understand what is happening around them, and they don’t assume that anybody else does either. They question the obvious—not out of contrariness but because they see the shortcomings of accepted explanations before the rest of us do. They sense problems before they are generally perceived and are able to define what they are.
Pamela Clare, Surrender|I do not know her as you do, but I have shared each step of this journey with her, watched her fight for her life, and held her each night while she slept. I cannot help but care for her."And suddenly Connor was glad Joseph had chosen to sleep in the loft.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|There have been occasions in my later life (I suppose as in most lives) when I have felt for a time as if a thick curtain had fallen on all its interest and romance, to shut me out from anything save dull endurance any more. Never has that curtain dropped so heavy and blank, as when my way in life lay stretched out straight before me through the newly-entered road of apprenticeship to Joe.
Wenonah Stevens Abbott|If there is but one pearl of wisdom I have to impart to you, after all my observations here thus far, it is do not take yourself too seriously. Because when you get here, you might just find that you are not exactly who or what you thought you were.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|Satan had been making admiring remarks about certain of the Creator's sparkling industries -- remarks which, being read between the lines, were sarcasms.
chocolate socrates|She wanted to say, I am made of smoke. My mind is smoke, my thoughts are smoke, I am all smoke and only smoke. This body is a garment I put on, which by my magic art I have made capable of functioning as a human body functions, it's so biologically perfect that it can conceive children and pop them out in threes, fours and fives. Yet I am not of this body and could, if I chose, inhabit another woman, or an antelope, or a gnat. Aristotle was wrong, for I have lived for aeons, and altered by body when I chose, like a garment of which I had grown tired. The mind and the body are two, she wanted to say, but she knew it would disappoint him to be disagreed with, so she held her tongue.
Sawyer Bennett, Off Course|I want to spank you, but also want to know you want it. I need to hear it sweetheart, tell me you deserve it…
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|You are one brave woman," he whispers, "I am in awe of you.
Craig Ferguson, Between the Bridge and the River|Eiffel Tower" To Robert DelaunayEiffel Tower Guitar of the skyYour wireless telegraphy Attracts words As a rosebush the beesDuring the night The Seine no longer flowsTelescope or bugleEIFFEL TOWERAnd it's a hive of words Or an inkwell of honeyAt the bottom of dawn A spider with barbed-wire legs Was making its web of cloudsMy little boy To climb the Eiffel Tower You climb on a songDo re mi fa sol la ti do We are up on top A bird sings in the telegraph antennae It's the wind Of Europe The electric windOver there The hats fly away They have wings but they don't singJacqueline Daughter of France What do you see up thereThe Seine is asleep Under the shadow of its bridgesI see the Earth turning And I blow my bugleToward all the seasOn the path Of your perfume All the bees and the words go their wayOn the four horizons Who has not heard this song I AM THE QUEEN OF THE DAWN OF THE POLES I AM THE COMPASS THE ROSE OF THE WINDS THAT FADESEVERY FALLAND ALL FULL OF SNOW I DIE FROM THE DEATH OF THAT ROSE IN MY HEAD A BIRD SINGS ALL YEAR LONGThat's the way the Tower spoke to me one dayEiffel Tower Aviary of the world Sing SingChimes of ParisThe giant hanging in the midst of the void Is the poster of FranceThe day of Victory You will tell it to the stars
Tina Fey, Bossypants|I was a little excited but mostly blorft. "Blorft" is an adjective I just made up that means 'Completely overwhelmed but proceeding as if everything is fine and reacting to the stress with the torpor of a possum.' I have been blorft every day for the past seven years.
Param Vyas|Socialism is a monster, which will die.
Dada Bhagwan|If God were the doer, when will there be an end?! (If) God is the creator and he made us, we become his toys, so that is the end? When will we become liberated? No one is your superior and no one is your ‘underhand’ (subservient to you).
Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography|For me the noise of Time is not sad: I love bells, clocks, watches — and I recall that at first photographic implements were related to techniques of cabinetmaking and the machinery of precision: cameras, in short, were clocks for seeing, and perhaps in me someone very old still hears in the photographic mechanism the living sound of the wood.
Shannon L. Alder|The hardest part of letting go is the "uncertainty"--when you are afraid that the moment you let go of someone you will hate yourself when you find out how close you were to winning their affection. Every time you give yourself hope you steal away a part of your time, happiness and future. However, once in a while you wake up to this realization and you have to hold on tightly to this truth because your heart will tear away the foundation of your logic, by making excuses for why this person doesn't try as much as you. The truth is this: Real love is simple. We are the ones that make it complicated. A part of disconnecting is recognizing the difference between being desired and being valued. When someone loves you they will never keep you waiting, give their attention and affection away to others, allow you to continue hurting, or ignore what you have gone through for them. On the other hand, a person that desires you can't see your pain, only what they can get from you with minimal effort in return. They let you risk everything, while they guard their heart and reap the benefits of your feelings. We make so many excuses for the people we fall in love with and they make up even more to remain one foot in the door. However, the truth is God didn't create you to be treated as an option or to be disrespected repeatedly. He wants you to close the door. If someone loves you and wants to be in your life no obstacle will keep them from you. Remember, you are royalty, not a beggar.
Richard M. Sherman, Vocal Selections from Walt Disney's Mary Poppins|And although we adore men individually, we agree that as a group they're rather stupid.
Darnell Lamont Walker|I urge not that we assume that love will provide a reliable foundation for knowledge but that we nonetheless keep the requirements of love of neighbor foremost in our interpretations of Scripture. We should consider, for example, love to be a necessary criterion (a minimum) when defending an interpretation of Scripture even if it cannot be a sufficient criterion that will guarantee ethical interpretation.
Stephen King, The Dark Half|You're dead, George. You just don't have the sense to lie down.
Jay Inslee|But since independence, Gabon is one of the few countries in Central Africa that enjoys peace and stability.
Kevin Spacey|On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down .
Craig Ferguson|The Internet is the first thing that humanity has built that humanity doesn't understand, the largest experiment in anarchy that we have ever had.
George Bernard Shaw|Growing up in a group home, and with an undiagnosed learning disability to boot, the odds of success were not on my side. But when I joined the high school football team, I learned the value of discipline, focus, persistence, and teamwork - all skills that have proven vital to my career as a C.E.O. and social entrepreneur.
David Nicholls, One Day|It's scented! Your wedding invitations are scented?""It's meant to be lavender.""No, Dex - it's money. It smells of money.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, The Palace of Illusions|The power of a man is like a bull’s charge, while the power of a woman moves aslant, like a serpent seeking its prey. Know the particular properties of your power. Unless you use it correctly, it won’t get you what you want.” His words perplexed me. Wasn’t power singular and simple? In the world that I knew, men just happened to have more of it. (I hoped to change this.)
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|Many of us begin this art with little to no understanding of what we are getting ourselves into. Then, maybe a year or a black belt later, we realize this odyssey we have embarked upon and rest happily in knowing we have chosen a noble struggle.I think we owe most of our successes to our initial ignorance. When we begin, we cannot see the obstacles ahead, and so we march on optimistically. In hindsight, when we look back and connect the dots, we see just how green we were at the start, and it was only our ignorance that upheld us from the crushing despair of the task at hand.
Sai Marie Johnson, In Empires and Embraces|Alyssa tried to lift her chin. She was going to do the one thing she loved again- something that reminded her of her mother; something dear to her. So what if she felt this undeniable attraction toward the dark-haired man. Correction. Earl.So what, indeed.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|Christ’s public life extended only over three years, and for this he had been silently training his mind for around thirty years. For years he had been breaking all the sociologically imposed ties of religious fundamentalism. For years he had been working in solitude to become liberated from the manacles of dogmatic bondage. And it is in the solitude that legends are born, and idiots are born in packs.
A. Vaidyanathan|word is like a sword; you should be wise when to use it or it'll kill and ruin everything you did in your past, you're doing at this time, and you're gonna do in the future
Cornell Woolrich, Fright|Eternity hums with every beating heart, with every up-lifted voice, with the crash of waves, the whirl of wind across the shifting dunes, the cry of sea birds, and the trumpets of heavenly angels.
Marie Tillman, The Letter: My Journey Through Love, Loss, and Life|What people say about you, good or bad, is not nearly as important as what you are.
Matthew Selwyn, ****: The Anatomy of Melancholy|All your life you look to America for those home-grown, corn-fed tits that the Yank bitches all sprout when they’re about fourteen – those bulging DDs that you wank about as a kid as you look longingly across the Atlantic, simultaneously repulsed and electrified – and then the greatest tits you’ve ever seen walk straight out of Giffnock (Glasgow, but you knew that, right?) and bounce their sweet way down to you via the Caledonian-sleeper train. I know they say America is finished, but Christ, when the Jock lassies are packing the premium chest meat, you know they aren’t kidding.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Jesus made everything so simple and we have made it so complicated. He spoke to the people in short sentences and everyday words, illustrating His messages with never-to-be forgotten stories.
M.F. Moonzajer|The human resource is limited to the duration of his/ her lifespan, while time is unlimited.
Jonathan  Dunne, Hearts Anonymous|What do you mean? In Old Castle? I still live with my parents in case you haven’t noticed, Jack. Those two strangers – that man and woman sitting on my sofa – are actually my parents. Oh, you mean your place? Yes, let’s evict your parents…let’s place them neatly in a cardboard box and leave it by the rubbish bins!
Lionel Blue|I married two weeks after my 18th birthday, far too young, and by the time I was 23 I was a single mother of three small children, Sean, Daniel and Victoria, living in a prefab house.
Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls|I am done slowing down, giving people their time and space, letting them explore their options.
Richard Louv|Trust me, the only real way to understand 'Chic' is in highfalutin terms. Our chord progressions were based on European modal melodies. I made those early 'Chic' records to impress my jazz friends.
Paul Langan, Shattered|She reached into the pocket of her dress and threw the small stack of bills at him. They fluttered to the ground like broken dreams. "I hope you choke onevery penny.""Pick that up."She drew back her arm and slapped him as hard as she could.
Amanda  Carlson, Aces Wild|Neve, you're wicked," he groaned as she rocked up against him even harder. "I hope that's not a problem for you," she panted.
Alice Meynell|What law, what reason can deny that gift so sweet, so natural that God has given a stream, a fish, a beast, a bird?
Chris Kraus, I Love Dick|[Being rejected] hurt, 'cause what turned me on in sex was believing that they knew me, that I'd found somebody to understand.
James A. Owen, Here, There Be Dragons|Very simply, we subsidize high-fructose corn syrup in this country, but not carrots. While the surgeon general is raising alarms over the epidemic of obesity, the president is signing farm bills designed to keep the river of cheap corn flowing, guaranteeing that the cheapest calories in the supermarket will continue to be the unhealthiest.
Faiz Triumph|business is a part of my life,business is my stairway to heaven, I will be the successful businessman
William Barclay|We are told to let our light shine, and if it does, we won't need to tell anybody it does. Lighthouses don't fire cannons to call attention to their shining - they just shine.
Charles M. Schulz, You Don't Look 35, Charlie Brown!|There must be different kinds of loneliness, or at least different degrees of loneliness, but the most terrifying loneliness is not experienced by everyone and can be understood by only a few. I compare the panic in this kind of loneliness to the dog we see running frantically down the road pursuing the family car. He is not really being left behind, for the family knows it is to return, but for that moment in his limited understanding, he is being left alone forever, and he has to run and run to survive. It is no wonder that we make terrible choices in our lives to avoid loneliness.
Arash Pakravesh, Love Story|One day all the memories die , Be patient ...
Janice   Thompson, Swinging on a Star|If Lord Duryodhana was an evil man, why did great men like Bhishma, Drona, Kripa, Karna, entire army of Krishna fight war on his side??
Lorde|I think that as soon as you think of yourself as a famous person or anything like that, you're objectifying yourself in some weird way.
Dallas Willard, Hearing God: Developing a Conversational Relationship with God|We live in a culture that has, for centuries now, cultivated the idea that the skeptical person is always smarter than the one who believes. You can be almost as stupid as a cabbage, as long as you doubt. The fashion of the age has identified mental sharpness with a pose, not with genuine intellectual method and character.
Tara Lain, Genetic Attraction|You know, there are several gay men on the faculty. Professor Montag makes jelly beans look colorless(...)
Cameron Dokey, Kissed:  Once Upon A Time Omnibus Belle/Sunlight and Shadow/Winter's Child|Everything is beautiful in its own way, ma belle, even if you have to look hard to find it.
George R.R. Martin|Girl or boy, we fight our battles. But the God's let us choose our weapons.
Libba Bray, Beauty Queens|God doesn't like lesbians," Grandma Huberman hised, throwing the magazine in the trash.Jennifer knew what lesbian meant, and she knew she probably was one. But she couldn't understand why God would hold that against her or against Monica Mathers, who'd never started a war or killed anybody, and whose deadeye three-pointers were straight-up amazing. After all, hadn't God made both of them? But people were like that, she'd noticed. They'd invoke Godly privilege at the weirdest of times and for the most stupid reasons.
Audre Lorde|I have a duty to speak the truth as I see it and share not just my triumphs, not just the things that felt good, but the pain, the intense, often unmitigated pain. It is important to share how I know survival is survival and not just a walk throught the rain.
Malcolm Muggeridge, The End of Christendom|[Pascal] was the first and perhaps is still the most effective voice to be raised in warning of the consequences of the enthronement of the human ego in contradistinction to the cross, symbolizing the ego's immolation. How beautiful it all seemed at the time of the Enlightenment, that man triumphant would bring to pass that earthly paradise whose groves of academe would ensure the realization forever of peace, plenty, and beatitude in practice. But what a nightmare of wars, famines, and folly was to result therefrom.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The First and Last Freedom|We are so sluggish in our mentality that we think the world's problems are not our business, that they have to be resolved by the United Nations or by substituting new leaders for the old.
Eddie Van Halen|In the late '70s, maybe just before I started, there was still an attitude that if you did film you didn't do TV and vice versa, but that's gone now.
Harry Crews, Getting Naked with Harry Crews: Interviews|I think all of us are looking for that which does not admit of bullshit . . . If you tell me you can bench press 450, hell, we'll load up the bar and put you under it. Either you can do it or you can't do it—you can't bullshit. Ultimately, sports are just about as close to what one would call the truth as it is possible to get in this world.
Jenny McCarthy|Playing a character who's dealing not only with a superpower but having a normal relationship is easy to associate with, because I feel that everyone has been through it.
Conor McGregor|At school I pretended I had a normal life, but I felt lonely all the time and different from everyone else. I never felt like I fit in, and I wasn't allowed to participate in after-school activities, go to sports events or parties or date boys. Many times I had to make up stories about why I couldn't do anything with my classmates.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|And I pray one prayer--I repeat it till my tongue stiffens--Catherine Earnshaw, may you not rest as long as I am living! You said I killed you--haunt me, then!...Be with me always--take any form--drive me mad! only do not leave me in this abyss, where I cannot find you!
Pittacus Lore, I Am Number Four|He says we need to live in the real world, where war and death are a reality, not pretend.
George Gordon Byron, Selected Poems|We die well when we die with purpose fulfilled".~R. Alan Woods [2012]
George Orwell|O’Brien: How does one man assert his power over another, Winston?Winston: By making him suffer.O’Brien: Exactly. By making him suffer. Obedience is not enough. Unless he is suffering, how can you be sure that he is obeying your will and not his own? Power is in inflicting pain and humiliation. Power is in tearing human minds to pieces and putting them together again in new shapes of your own choosing. Do you begin to see, then, what kind of world we are creating? It is the exact opposite of the stupid hedonistic Utopias that the old reformers imagined. A world of fear and treachery and torment, a world of trampling and being trampled upon, a world which will grow not less but MORE merciless as it refines itself. Progress in our world will be progress towards more pain. The old civilizations claimed that they were founded on love or justice. Ours is founded upon hatred.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Immortality was overrated, as far as he was concerned. Hardy had enough problems as it was; living forever sounded like a death sentence for someone with his practical sensibilities.
Shannon Kopp, Pound for Pound: A Story of One Woman's Recovery and the Shelter Dogs Who Loved Her Back to Life|Sometimes we take leaps of faith, and sometimes we take tiny steps. Even the tiniest step can require a lot of courage. Like climbing out of denial and admitting my real need for help. Like trusting someone who said I wouldn’t die from eating a bowl of pasta, and taking another bite. Like reaching for a pen or a yoga mat when what I really wanted to do was reach for a cookie. Like searching for a smile in my heart when my mind was busy screaming about how sad and serious I should be.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|The best way to look back at life fondly is to meet it - and those along your journey - warmly, kindly and mindfully
Ben Zobrist|I don't write on topics that require a lot of urgency. But in 'Stiff,' I wanted to change people's hearts about organ donation. Whenever I get a chance, I try to talk about that.
allimachus and Lycophron CXLII|At morn we buried Melanippus; as the sun set the maiden Basilo died by her own hand, as she could not endure to lay her brother on the pyre and live; and the house beheld a two-fold woe, and all Cyrene bowed her head, to see the home of happy children made desolate.
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|To strengthen the connection between your conscious and subconscious, is to gain access to a map and compass, as you travel through parallel worlds.
J.W. Horton, Angels of the Revolution|The essence and value of the law lies in its stability and durability (...), in its “relative eternity.” Only then does the legislator’s self-limitation and the independence of the law-bound judge find an anchor. The experiences of the French Revolution showed how an unleashed pouvoir législatif could generate a legislative orgy.
Shannon L. Alder|When you see people only as personalities, rather than souls with life missions to fulfill, you forever limit the growth and possibilities of what God has in store for another person.
Debasish Mridha|I like Aristotle, but I don’t agree with his cosmological argument about god.
J.R.R. Tolkien|And Gandalf said: "This is your realm, and the heart of the greater realm that shall be. The Third Age of the world is ended, and the new age is begun; and it is your task to order its beginning and to preserve what must be preserved. For though much has been saved, much must now pass away; and the power of the Three Rings also is ended. And all the lands that you see, and those that lie round about them, shall be dwellings of Men. For the time comes of the Dominion of Men, and the Elder Kindred shall fade or depart.
Irwin Shaw, The Girls in Their Summer Dresses|I'm older now, I'm a man getting near middle age, putting on a little fat and I still love to walk along Fifth Avenue at three o'clock on the east side of the street between Fiftieth and Fifty-seventh streets, they're all out then, making believe they're shopping, in their furs and their crazy hats, everything all concentrated from all over the world into eight blocks, the best furs, the best clothes, the handsomest women, out to spend money and feeling good about it, looking coldly at you, making believe they're not looking at you as you go past.
Cliff James, Of Bodies Changed|I am not afraid of death. When I have to confront the great reaper, I would like to recall Bernanos' words- 'And now , just the two of us!'.
Ana Rangel & Gerry O'malley|I have a body, an emotional body and a mental body, but I am none of these. I am nothing and everything. I am an indivisible particle of oneness that can no longer be categorised
C.S. Lewis, Present Concerns|Socialism lost its way largely when it became decoupled from the processes of democracy. My vision of a socially just society is one that is deeply democratic, that allows people’s voices to be heard, where people actually govern. C.L.R James sometimes used the slogan “every cook can govern” to speak to the concept that there should be no hierarchies of power between those who lead and their constituencies. This idea is related to Antonio Gramsci’s argument that the goal of the revolutionary party is for every member to be an intellectual. That is, everyone has the capacity, has the ability to articulate a vision of reality and to fight for the realization of their values and goals in society. Gramsci is pointing toward the development of a strategy that is deeply democratic, one where we don’t have elitist, vanguardist notions of what society should look like, but have humility and the patience to listen to and learn from working class and poor people, who really are at the center of what any society is.
Ava Dellaira, Love Letters to the Dead|She said being human is being a young child on Christmas Day who receives an absolutely magnificent castle. And there is a perfect photograph of this castle on the box and you want more than anything to play with the castle and the knights and the princesses because it looks like such a perfectly human world, but the only problem is that the castle isn’t built. It’s in tiny intricate pieces, and although there’s a book of instructions you don’t understand it. And nor can your parents or Aunt Sylvie. So you are just left, crying at the ideal castle on the box which no one would ever be able to build
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|I live for sex. I celebrate it, and relish the electricity of it, with every fibre of my being. I can see no better reason for being alive.
Debasish Mridha|Be true to yourself to reveal your own unique beauties, feelings, and perceptions.
I.M. Pei|Novel ideas are unsettling, innovative concepts about important matters in human affairs is disruptive of the internal harmony that people prefer. There is a tendency even for the most logical and classically educated people steeped in rational scholastic traditions to assume that if any new hypothesis were correct, a scholar would already written it in a book.
Arturo Pérez-Reverte, The Fencing Master|The longer I live the more I see that I am never wrong about anything, and that all the pains I have so humbly taken to verify my notions have only wasted my time.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Just look at what is right in front of you. People don't do that. They see what they expect to see, what they want to see, what conventional wisdom tells them to see. They only hear the music and not the lyrics of human events.
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|I believe in the ability to choose. I believe this life is made up of our choices and their consequences— the good and the bad. I do not believe in letting anything up to fate. We are the makers of our own destinies, our own futures, our own paths. To blindly follow is an insult to the miracle of being human. To be human is to make choices; the moment you allow others to make decisions for you is the moment you do an injustice to not only mankind but to yourself.
Michael Brown|We want our children to know and believe the one good story. Every other story is a copy or shadow of this one. Some copies of it are quite good and shout the Truth. Others see only the faintest whisper of it, or, in its absence remind us of the Truth. We want our kids to know the one good story so well that when they see Luke Skywalker, Harry Potter, Frodo, Anne of Green Gables, Arielle, or Sleeping Beauty, they can recognize the strands of Truth and deception in them. Saturating our children in the one good story will enable them to discern Truth and error as it comes to them from the world.
Kenneth Branagh|Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful.
M.A. George, Proximity|Seriously, Palta…” He was honestly puzzled, “I haven’t got a clue what you’re talking about. What about your ears is supposed to be so bizarre?”“Um…You’d have to be blind to miss them,” I replied sarcastically. “If you’re not, you will be when you poke your eye out on one of them.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|The Divine Light is always in man, presenting itself to the senses and to the comprehension, but man rejects it.
Suzannah Daniels, Vampire's Bane|THE 52ND is a unique entry in the YA and Paranormal genres. With a diverse cast of characters, thrilling mythology, and a potential series ahead, Dela knocks it out of the park with THE 52ND.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|When things break, it's not the actual breaking that prevents them from getting back together again. It's because a little piece gets lost - the two remaining ends couldn't fit together even if they wanted to. The whole shape has changed.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|That I may carry on what I have begun, that I may do good, that I may be one day a grand and encouraging example that it may be said that there was finally some little happiness resulting from this suffering which I have undergone and this virtue to which I have returned!
Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives|There is no need to search; achievement leads to nowhere. It makes no difference at all, so just be happy now! Love is the only reality of the world, because it is all One, you see. And the only laws are paradox, humor and change. There is no problem, never was, and never will be. Release your struggle, let go of your mind, throw away your concerns, and relax into the world. No need to resist life, just do your best. Open your eyes and see that you are far more than you imagine. You are the world, you are the universe; you are yourself and everyone else, too! It's all the marvelous Play of God. Wake up, regain your humor. Don't worry, just be happy. You are already free!
M.F. Moonzajer|In my society, even the right things are wrong.
George Orwell, Down and Out in Paris and London|You don't want to have any pity on these here tramps – scum, they are. You don't want to judge them by the same standards as men like you and me. They're scum, just scum.' It was interesting to see the subtle way in which he disassociated himself from 'these here tramps'. He had been on the road six months, but in the sight of God, he seemed to imply, he was not a tramp. I imagine there are quite a lot of tramps who thank God they are not tramps. They are like the trippers who say such cutting things about trippers.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God urges us to bring our concerns to Him—not just petitions about our own needs, but also intercessions for others. [The apostle] Paul said . . . “Brothers, pray for us” [1 Thessalonians 5:25 NIV].
Anthony T. Hincks|A funny thing happened post-diagnosis. They put him on drugs, things went up and down, but he lived. He lived. It was like a waiting room where they kept not calling your name.
Christine Brodien-Jones, The Glass Puzzle|Traigh came to help her dismount, a broad smile making creases around his eyes. “I fear ye missed our summer, Joie.” Her brow drew in with confusion. “But it is summer, Traigh,” she told him. “Aye, it might well be summer elsewhere in the world, but here, it only last three days. We had our summer last week.
R.D. Gennari|What you choose to do in this life will surely affect you in the next... Just do good, even when it's very hard to do so. It's your life that's on the line.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Daughter|I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty headed animal food trough wiper. I fart in your general direction. Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries.
Josephine Angelini, Trial by Fire|I remember what I must do, even if it makes me the villain of my own story
William Blake|And it seems people should not build houses anymoreit seems people should stop working and sit in small rooms on second floorsunder electric lightswithout shades;it seems there is a lot to forgetand a lot not to doand in drugstores, markets, bars,the people are tired, they do not want to move, and I stand there at nightand look through this house and the house does not want to be built
Sarah Rees Brennan, Team Human|The more man realises his humanity, the lonelier he feels.
J. Saman, Start Over|Luke is unimaginable. And it’s not just his talented tongue or the way he looks at me like I’m the most beautiful woman he’s ever seen—though neither of those hurt his cause. No, it’s the way he makes me feel free when I have been hiding. Awake instead of dormant. Fearless instead of petrified. Ceaseless instead of temporary.
Sierra D. Waters, Debbie.|John was still making comments regarding violent things that he shouldn't, but I hoped he was just being a big mouth. Nobody was going to listen to me anyway.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|Bree stared at the items and the simple silver chain around her finger. Why? The question stayed with her as she paced around the inn, waiting for Alessandro and the boys. Why wouldn’t she keep Adriano’s locket around her neck. Who was in plot 777 in London and why was it important? Whose address was this? Bree wondered, staring at the slip of paper. Her curiosity was most definitely peaked.
Warwick Davis|Having a child makes you strong and gives you chutzpah. It relaxed my attitude to the job; my center of focus shifted, which I think is very helpful, because even if you're not a very indulgent actor you spend a lot of time thinking about yourself. I don't think that is particularly healthy.
Paul Ewen|Bookish folk aren’t what they used to be. Introverted, reserved, studious. There was a time when bookish folk would steer clear of trendy bars, dinner occasions and gatherings. Any social or public encounters would be avoided at all costs because these activities were very un-bookish. Bookish people preferred to stay in, or to sit alone in a quiet pub, reading a good book, or getting some writing done. Writers, in fact, perhaps epitomised these bookish traits most strongly. At least, they used to.These days, bookish people, such as writers, are commonly found on stage, headlining festivals, or being interviewed on TV. Author events and performances have proliferated, becoming established parts of a writer’s role. It’s not that authors have suddenly become more extroverted – it’s more a case that their job description has changed. Of course, not all writers are bookish. Not in the traditional sense of the word anyway. Some are well suited for public life, particularly those from certain academic backgrounds where public speaking is encouraged and confidence in social situations is shaped and formed. These writers may even be termed ‘gregarious’, and are thus happy being offered up for speaking engagements, stage discussions and signings. Good for them. But the others – the timid, shy and mousy authors – they’re being thrust into the limelight too. That’s my lot. The social wipeouts. Unprepared and ill-equipped to face our reader audience. What’s most concerning is that no one is offering us any guidance or tips. We’re expected to hit the ground running, confident and ready, loaded with banter, quips and answers. It’s a disaster waiting to happen.
Vladimir Nabokov|Existence is a series of footnotes to a vast, obscure, unfinished masterpiece.
Jerry Falwell, Jr.|It's not a matter of if economies around the world becoming low-carbon, but when and how: through struggle and strife or through advancement and progressive leadership. Larry Elliot described it today as the 'Green New Deal.' It's a leadership we in Britain can provide, and from which our economy can benefit.
Debasish Mridha|Reality is perceptual misinterpretation. To change reality, change your perception.
Amiri Baraka|When I went to Philadelphia I was 26 years old and really sitting on top of the world. Family life, a professional career, plenty of friends and associates, and a good reputation, a wish list that could be the envy of many.
Nadège Richards, 5 Miles|And so I've written everything down, too afraid of my demons and what they may say, the doubt that eats at me from the inside. Too afraid that I'll forget and it'll all be a madwoman's dream.
Cynthia Stewart-Copier|If the dream is big enough, the facts don't count.
Plato, Apology|Socrates: This man, on one hand, believes that he knows something, while not knowing [anything]. On the other hand, I – equally ignorant – do not believe [that I know anything].
Maria Sharapova|I would often find myself, at the age of 21, at midnight, running down a dark street on my own with 10 men chasing me. And the fact they had cameras in their hands made that legal.
Frank Sinatra|As human beings we value the experience that comes with age. We are reminded over and over again with statements like 'older and wiser' and 'respect your elders,' promoting age as something to be cherished and respected.
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|Then I knew that the sign I had asked for was not a little thing, not a passing nod of recognition, and a phrase came back to me from my childhood of the veil of the temple being rent from top to bottom.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|In Pliny I read about the invention of clay modeling. A Sicyonian potter came to Corinth. There his daughter fell in love with a young man who had to make frequent long journeys away from the city. When he sat with her at home, she used to trace the outline of his shadow that a candle’s light cast on the wall. Then, in his absence she worked over the profile, deepening, so that she might enjoy his face, and remember. One day the father slapped some potter’s clay over the gouged plaster; when the clay hardened he removed it, baked it, and "showed it abroad" (63).
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|I have discovered fallen trees across my path and have possessed neither the strength to move them nor the patience or tenacity to find an alternative way round. I have simply returned to where I came from, and told myself there had been no other choice.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|When spontaneous demoralizing thoughts seep into your conscience, don't trip...allowing them to fester. These are random tests of your conviction and determination. Large or small, your reaction to such intrusions is a defining moment for which no one else, but you, can mitigate.
Anthony de Mello|These things will destroy the human race: politics without principle, progress without compassion, wealth without work, learning without silence, religion without fearlessness, and worship without awareness.
A.S. Green, Summer Girl|I’ll be strong for you. Live me, baby. Live for me. Please.
Jennifer Senior, All Joy and No Fun: The Paradox of Modern Parenthood|The best thing that ever happened to you might be your new job, spouse, awards, etc, but I tell you that being granted to live in order to enjoy these things are wonderful privileges most people can't get.
Gibson, Chrissy|The modern story begun, one might say, with Edgar Allan Poe, which proceeds inexorably, like a machine destined to accomplish its mission with the maximum economy of means.
A. J. Liebling|Canadians are very well behaved, they don't throw their food.
Onyi Anyado|Entrepreneur, your last 20 tweets has to be about your brain, brand and business.
Bono|God is in the slums, in the cardboard boxes where the poor play house. God is in the silence of a mother who has infected her child with a virus that will end both their lives. God is in the cries heard under the rubble of war. God is in the debris of wasted opportunity and lives, and God is with us if we are with them.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|One of the crafty tricks Satan plays is to guide a person safely on the wrong path. When your safety is the priority, you may be on the wrong path but may not know.
Prashant Chopra, The Eyes that drowned Uyuni|The crowded city streets, the chaos of disorderly lives – nothing could keep her from wreaking love. She always wanted to let go, and I always wanted to own. She always had it coming, and I never had a clue. She could light a moment with a smile, and I would stay lost anticipating the next one. She knew the present. I desired the future. Every. Single. Time.
Michael Jackson|The great men of a nation reach out to all mankind. They are unifying, not divisive; internationally conciliating and still great nationally.
John B. Hood|In July, 1892, fate suddenly granted me financial independence.
Dave Mustaine|Americans are slow to anger, but once they do get angry, they are impossible to stop.
Emilie Autumn|He cried when I left, which I find to be standard male behavior.
Brandon Sanderson, Calamity|We're not moments, Megan, you and me. We're events. You say you might not be the same person you were a year ago? Well, who is? I'm sure not. We change, like swirling clouds around a rising sun.
Barbara Kruger|Of two pleasures, if there be one which all or almost all who have experience of both give a decided preference, irrespective of any feeling of moral obligation to prefer it, that is the more desirable pleasure.
Jo Walton, Among Others|You can almost always find chains of coincidence to disprove magic. That's because it doesn't happen the way it does in books. It makes those chains of coincidence. That's what it is. It's like if you snapped your fingers and produced a rose but it was because someone on an aeroplane had dropped a rose at just the right time for it to land in your hand. There was a real person and a real aeroplane and a real rose, but that doesn't mean the reason you have the rose in your hand isn't because you did the magic.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|Rich people have small TVs, small cars, but big libraries.
Laura Rose Wagner, Hold Tight, Don't Let Go|Sometimes I get the feeling [my parents have] asked me to hold this big invisible secret for them, like a backpack full of rocks--all these things they don't want to know about themselves. I'm supposed to wear it as I hike up this trail toward my adulthood. They're already at the summit of Full Grown Mountain. They're waiting for me to get there and cheering me on, telling me I can do it, and sometimes scolding and asking why I'm not hiking any faster or why I'm not having more fun along the way. I know I'm not supposed to talk about this backpack full of their crazy, but sometimes I really wish we could all stop for a second. Maybe they could walk down the trail from the top and meet me. We could unzip that backpack, pull out all of those rocks, and leave the ones we no longer need by the side of the trail. It'd make the walk a lot easier. Maybe then my shoulders wouldn't get so tense when Dad lectures me about money or Mom starts a new diet she saw on the cover of a magazine at the grocery store.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Without love and compassion, nothing is sacred.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Life is not enjoyed by being busy over everything in general, but being passionate about one thing in particular. Always focus on that one thing; dream it and live it!
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|Don't pretend to comfort me, my friend. I might also pretend to not let you down.
Mihail Sebastian, For Two Thousand Years|For too long I have played on the stage of lucidity, and I have lost. Now I need to accustom my eyes to the falling darkness. I need to contemplate the natural slumber of all things, which the light calls forth, yet also causes to tire. Life must begin in darkness. Its powers of germination lie hidden. Every day has its night, every light has its shadow.I cannot be asked to accept these shadows gladly. It is enough that I accept them.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We must keep together, we belong to each other.
Tove Jansson|The earth is a spaceship. While you are here, enjoy the ride.
C.Neil Strait|Kindness is more than deeds. It is an attitude, an expression, a look, a touch. It is anything that lifts another person.
Len Wein|If you watch Cheers, in 12 years they didn't age a day.
Emma Roberts|The bottom line is, if you're pregnant, don't travel to an area where Zika is spreading.
B.J. Daniels, Cardwell Christmas Crime Scene|I want to die.”	May shook her head. “Let me get a knife.”	“I’ve made a horrible mess of things.”	“Haven’t we all? If you don’t want your supper burned, die quietly while I get back to the kitchen.
Dave Crawley|My doggy ate my homework.He chewed it up," I said.But when I offered my excuseMy teacher shook her head. I saw this wasn't going well.I didn't want to fail.Before she had a chance to talk,I added to the tale:"Before he ate, he took my workAnd tossed it in a pot.He simmered it with succotashTill it was piping hot."He scrambled up my science notesWith eggs and bacon strips,Along with sautéed spelling wordsAnd baked potato chips."He then took my arithmetic And had it gently fried.He broiled both my book reports With pickles on the side."He wore a doggy apronAs he cooked a notebook stew.He barked when I objected.There was nothing I could do.""Did he wear a doggy chef hat?"My teacher gave a scowl."He did," I said. "And taking itWould only make him growl."My teacher frowned, but then I said As quickly as I could,"He covered it with ketchup, And he said it tasted good.""A talking dog who likes to cook?" My teacher had a fit.She sent me to the office, And that is where I sit.I guess I made a big mistake In telling her all that.'Cause I don't have a doggy. It was eaten by my cat.
Dennis Sharpe, Blood & Spirits|She was tipping her head back to inquire, when two men entered the great hall and the question flew right out of her head. They were simply two of the most gorgeous men she'd ever seen. Twins, though different. They were both tall and powerfully built. One was taller by a few inches, with dark hair that swept just past his shoulders and eyes like shard of silver and ice while the other had long black hair falling in a single braid to his waist, and eyes as gold as Adam's torque. They were elegantly dressed in tailored clothing of dark hues, with magnificent bodies that dripped with raw sex ap
Daisy Whitney, The Rivals|I am not one and simple, but complex and many.
Kamand Kojouri|I think whenever there’s potential for beauty, beauty can be found. And everything has potential for beauty.
A.M. Willard, Frosted Sweets|What kind of woman am I?" she asked.	"My kind." He grinned.
Michael Bassey Johnson|When you hand good people possibility, they do great things.
Wayne Gerard Trotman, Kaya Abaniah and the Father of the Forest|In sandy soil, when deep you delve, you reach the springs below; The more you learn, the freer streams of wisdom flow.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a Scientist Who Found Himself by Getting Lost|Just because you are on a path to damnation, doesn’t mean you’re going to get there. Be willing to change your travel plans.
Mark Twain, Tom Sawyer Abroad|Of all God's creatures, there is only one that cannot be made slave of the leash. That one is the cat. If man could be crossed with the cat it would improve the man, but it would deteriorate the cat.
Angeline Kace, Wicked Thing|Shh, kitten,” he whispered in English once more, nuzzling her temple, mouth open and hot against her ear. “Trust me.” His palms curved beneath her breasts, lifting them as his blunt fingertips tweaked her nipples expertly enough to have slickness gathering between her clenched thighs. “You are the most beautiful thing I have ever touched. Une ange, bébé.” Hegroaned quietly as he caught her earlobe between his teeth. “Je t’adore,” he muttered, thrusting against her backside.
Debasish Mridha|Feel, now let your heart be your light; imagination is your way and bliss is your destination.
Jeremy Stoppelman|While I support immigration regulated through a legal framework, I do not support rewarding those who broke the law to get here.
Isobel Irons, Wake for Me|So completely stunned by the force of that smile, Sam found himself helpless to do anything but watch as she quickly closed the gap between them. Her hands reached up to grasp his chin, and he bent down to her, not really knowing why he did it. It was like gravity, so natural that the compulsion was inescapable. Her heels helped.When she kissed him, every nerve ending in his body exploded into his awareness. No girl had ever kissed him like that. Hell, no girl had ever kissed any guy like that, at least not that Sam had heard.
Amelia Kinkade, Straight from the Horse's Mouth: How to Talk to Animals and Get Answers|Somewhere between poetry and science, somewhere between heaven and earth, clairaudience is born. Clairaudience is the sweetest mystery any human being could ever experience. Fortunately, it is the most contagious, too. Most, if not all, of my students walk away with some level of clairaudience after spending three hours in one of my workshops.
Thomas Hobbes|It is one thing to show a man that he is in an error, and another to put him in possession of the truth.
Chris Hedges, War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning|In the beginning war looks and feels like love. But unlike love it gives nothing in return but an ever-deepening dependence, like all narcotics, on the road to self-destruction. It does not affirm but places upon us greater and greater demands. It destroys the outside world until it is hard to live outside war's grip. It takes a higher and higher dose to achieve any thrill. Finally, one ingests war only to remain numb.
Sonam Kapoor|In many a piece of music, it's the pause or the rest that gives the piece its beauty and its shape. And I know I, as a writer, will often try to include a lot of empty space on the page so that the reader can complete my thoughts and sentences and so that her imagination has room to breathe.
Ransom Riggs, Library of Souls|Hugh and Fiona stood off to one side, their hands linked and foreheads touching, saying goodbye in their own quiet way. Finally, we'd all finished with Claire and were ready to go, but no one wanted to disturb them, so we stood watching as Fiona pulled away from Hugh, shook a few seeds from her nest of wild hair, and grew a rose bush heavy with red flowers right where they stood. Hugh's bees rushed to pollinate it, and while they were occupied– as if she'd done it just so they could have a moment to themselves– Fiona embraced him and whispered something in his ear, and Hugh nodded and whispered.
Algis Valiunas|Oppenheimer was lamenting the subservience of science to innate human cruelty in an address to the American Philosophical Society: “We have made a thing, a most terrible weapon, that has altered abruptly and profoundly the nature of the world ... a thing that by all the standards of the world we grew up in is an evil thing. And by so doing ... we have raised again the question of whether science is good for man.” This public admission of personal despair at the moral collapse of the modern world’s leading intellectual enterprise could not be more nakedly penitent.
Ray Bradbury|We are living in a time when flowers are trying to live on flowers, instead of on good rain and black loam.
Herman Bavinck|Manifest in this trade (commercial sale of indulgences via bankers) at the same time was a pernicious tendency in the Roman Catholic system, for the trade in indulgences was not an excess or an abuse but the direct consequence of the nomistic degradation of the gospel. That the Reformation started with Luther’s protest against this traffic in indulgences proves its religious origin and evangelical character. At issue here was nothing less than the essential character of the gospel, the core of Christianity, the nature of true piety. And Luther was the man who, guided by experience in the life of his own soul, again made people understand the original and true meaning of the gospel of Christ. Like the “righteousness of God,” so the term “penitence” had been for him one of the most bitter words of Holy Scripture. But when from Romans 1:17 he learned to know a “righteousness by faith,” he also learned “the true manner of penitence.” He then understood that the repentance demanded in Matthew 4:17 had nothing to do with the works of satisfaction required in the Roman institution of confession, but consisted in “a change of mind in true interior contrition” and with all its benefits was itself a fruit of grace. In the first seven of his ninety-five theses and further in his sermon on “Indulgences and Grace” (February 1518), the sermon on “Penitence” (March 1518), and the sermon on the “Sacrament of Penance” (1519), he set forth this meaning of repentance or conversion and developed the glorious thought that the most important part of penitence consists not in private confession (which cannot be found in Scripture) nor in satisfaction (for God forgives sins freely) but in true sorrow over sin, in a solemn resolve to bear the cross of Christ, in a new life, and in the word of absolution, that is, the word of the grace of God in Christ. The penitent arrives at forgiveness of sins, not by making amends (satisfaction) and priestly absolution, but by trusting the word of God, by believing in God’s grace. It is not the sacrament but faith that justifies. In that way Luther came to again put sin and grace in the center of the Christian doctrine of salvation. The forgiveness of sins, that is, justification, does not depend on repentance, which always remains incomplete, but rests in God’s promise and becomes ours by faith alone.
David Byrne, How Music Works|Any kid will tell you that, yes, their music is both an escape and a survival mechanism, and that sometimes the music givesbthem hope and inspiration. It doesn't just placate and pacify.
aMessageOfLove|No matter what you desire to be or see, contemplate / meditate upon the idea of there being an unlimited abundance of it. Your belief is scarcity and limitation regarding your desire is keeping it from you. How you define something is how it must appear. Faith in abundance draws things to you, your faith in lack / limitation takes away what you already have. ( Instagram: #aMessageOfLove )
Alice Hamilton|America's doctors, nurses and medical researchers are the best in the world, but our health care system is broken.
Emmoduro|With great emptiness and a vacuum none can fill we push on through the shadows, complied to walk in the darkness and never allowed to appreciate it with the hope of a light unseen but we will still get there.
Markus Zusak, Underdog|I kept walking. Have you ever done that? Just walk. Just walk and have no idea where you're going? It wasn't a good feeling, but not a bad one either. I felt caged and free at the same time, like it was only myself that wouldn't allow me to feel either great or miserable.
Andrew Jackson|Sexiness is all about your personality, being genuine and confident, and being a good person.
Ruby Rose|As long as I was well fed, I was a very, very nice child. I just used my imagination and played with Barbies. I was pretty easy.
Chris Bradford, The Way of the Sword|Each mistake teaches you something new about yourself. There is no failure, remember, except in no longer trying. It is the courage to continue that counts.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Once in a while our school has half days, and the teachers spend the afternoon 'in service,' which I think must be a group therapy for having to deal with us.
Fiona Barton, The Widow|It's a strange feeling, owning a secret. It's like a stone in my stomach, crushing my insides and making me feel sick every time I think of it.
Susan Juby, Republic Of Dirt : A Return to Woefield Farm|Foods are like men: some are good, some are bad, and some are okay only in small doses. But most should be tried at least once.
Ana M Frith|The wall sawyer did not ask the little queen what she did. This was because in the little queen’s kingdom, people only volunteered their doings if they wanted to, and they never asked others their doings. It was considered impolite. Asking what one did was like asking who they were, and that was too simple a question for a very complex answer.
Erica Cameron, Doorways to Extra Time|I suppose that someday, suddenly, I will be transferred to another age, for example the chivalric or the bronze. The hope is, of course, that I arrive in period dress but not resemble a contemporary luminary, for I wish to simply onlook. But, more probably, thanks to chronologically garbled garb, or my mistakable face—which will lead to expectations of competence—I will have to explain my occurrence. That explained, I will have to explain my age, The Present, also known as "The Future" in the past. This is why I am studying our great inventions and advances: to be ready for questions.
Sri Chinmoy, The Jewels of Happiness: Inspiration and Wisdom to Guide Your Life-Journey|Unless and until we have peace deep within us, we can never hope to have peace in the outer world. You and I create the world by the vibrations that we offer to it. If we can invoke peace and then offer it to somebody else, we will see how peace expands from one to two persons, and gradually to the world at large. Peace will come about in the world from the perfection of individuals. If you have peace, I have peace, he has peace, and she has peace, then automatically universal peace will dawn.
Wesley Clark|It is a parent's responsibility to preserve the connection with their children, to preserve the relationship, so that the children can let go and become their own selves.
Francis S. Collins, The Language of God: A Scientist Presents Evidence for Belief|There were long stretches of DNA in between genes that didn't seem to be doing very much; some even referred to these as "junk DNA," though a certain amount of hubris was required for anyone to call any part of the genome "junk," given our level of ignorance.
|I became a deep critical thinker at a young age because I have never hesitated to seize any learning opportunity. I understand that I don't know it all and will never know it all. However, I am very aware that I possess the mental ability to consistently grow wiser and stronger.
Adam Grant|If you are really thankful, what do you do? You share.
Mark Nepo, The Book of Awakening: Having the Life You Want by Being Present to the Life You Have|I am grateful for all those dark years, even though in retrospect they seem like a long, bitter prayer that was answered finally.
Jamie McGuire, Providence|Time will make it worse! You're...the other half of his soul. He's never going to get over you. And no matter how much you hope that you will... you'll never get over him. You're going to wake up one day and realize what you've done, and you're going to regret the time you wasted apart from him for the rest of your life.
Levon Peter Poe|Education has turned into a cookie mill. everyone recieves the same degree, the same council, the same formula of inspiration and ideas to make them a MODEL of an educated being. But that is the problem. No 2 people are alike so why subscribe to a system that makes everyone EXACTLY alike? A system that will never recognize the individual or a persons uniqueness? We must re-train our brains to think and not merely respond to a set of patterns that we have been TRAINED to act on. We must learn to think more creatively, See with new eyes and view the symbols of the world around us with a wider scope of view.
Alexander Freed, Star Wars - Battlefront - Twilight Company|Fear was like heat applied to steal: Applied correctly it might forge a blade; overused, it turned metal to slag.
Kylie Gilmore, The Opposite of Wild|Liz pasted on a smile, trying to appear normal in light of the fact that he had possibly incriminating knowledge on her from the background check. She hoped her application for a marriage license with Craig wasn't in the report. Or her long shopping record for organization systems from The Container Store. Or her many Internet searches for breeds of nonshedding dogs (she was waiting for the house with a yard before getting one). Or her long-time obsession with new cleaning products.
Peter Tork|Obviously, the cinematography of films is art, just as a still shot can be art. If I'm watching a Wes Anderson movie, the colour palettes alone, and the way they're painted, could be art. With music, you're a little bit limited, of course, because it's only audio.
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|Freedom is more than just a willingness to live; it is a force that binds us all. Being truly free is seeing America as our "heart and home." Uniting around a common good will help bring us together in true happiness into the future.
Matthew Woodring Stover, Revenge of the Sith|Back in the gurdwara, the ceiling doing strange things above my head, Jungli fed me with pieces of orange. Our outspoken attachment deepened. I was moved by his tenderness, his simplicity and his beautiful eyes. Beauty is a great robber of my common sense.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Right, well, he'd been sick for a while and his nurse said to him, 'You seem to be feeling better this morning,' and Isben looked at her and said, 'On the contrary,' and then he died.
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|The truth is beautiful, like you. The truth is you have been made perfect and are wholly loved. Chosen simply because you breathe, because you exist, because of who created you.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Voyage|How poor are they that have no patients! What wound did ever heal but by degrees?'""Shakespeare isn't going to save you this time, Superman. Your time's run out."!
Debasish Mridha|When you think of someone with love, your heart dances with joy.
C.S. Lewis|and yet…' he said, 'and yet, father, I am terribly afraid. I am afraid that the things the Landlord really intends for me may be utterly unlike the things he has taught me to desire.''they will be very unlike the things you imagine. But you already know that the objects which your desire imagines are always inadequate to that desire. Until you have it, you will not know what you wanted.
Dennis Lehane, Mystic River|Lately, though, he'd just been tired in general. Tired of people. Tired of books and TV and the nightly news and songs on the radio he'd heard years before and hadn't liked much in the first place. He was tired of his clothes and tired of his hair and tired of other people's clothes and other people's hair. He was tired of wishing things made sense. He'd gotten to a point where he was pretty sure he'd heard everything anyone had to say on any given subject and so it seemed he spent his days listening to old recordings of things that hadn't seemed fresh the first time he'd heard them.Maybe he was simply tired of life, of the absolute effort it took to get up every goddamned morning and walk out with into the same fucking day with only slight variations in the weather and food.He wondered if this was what clinical depression felt like, a total numbness, a weary lack of hope.
Kapil Dev|Creation is a sustained period of bliss, even though the subject can still be very sad. Because there's the triumph of coming through and understanding that you have, and that you did it the way only you could do it. You didn't do it the way somebody told you to do it.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|The writer has no rights at all except those he forges for himself inside his own work. We have become so flooded with sorry fiction based on unearned liberties, or on the notion that fiction must represent the typical, that in the public mind the deeper kinds of realism are less and less understandable.
Ramez Naam, More Than Human: Embracing the Promise of Biological Enhancement|Playing God is actually the highest expression of human nature. The urges to improve ourselves, to master our environment, and to set our children on the best path possible have been the fundamental driving forces of all of human history. Without these urges to ‘play God’, the world as we know it wouldn’t exist today.
James David Lewis-Williams, The Mind in the Cave: Consciousness and the Origins of Art|According to Martindale’s view, as we drift into sleep we pass through: – waking, problem-oriented thought, – realistic fantasy, – autistic fantasy, – reverie, – hypnagogic (falling asleep) states, and – dreaming.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|There certainly was some great mismanagement in the education of those two young men. One has got all the goodness, and the other all the appearance of it.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|A man is always a little shamefaced on his wedding day, like a fox caught in a baited trap, ensnared because his greed overcame his better judgment. The menfolk laughed at Charlie that spring day, and said he was caught for sure now. As the bride, I was praised and fussed over, as if I had won a prize or done something marvelous that no one ever did before, and I could not help feeling pleased and clever that I had managed to turn myself from an ordinary girl into a shining bride. Now I think it is a dirty lie. The man is the one who is winning the game that day, though they always pretend they are not, and the poor girl bride is led into a trap of hard work and harsh words, the ripping of childbirth and the drubbing of her man's fists. It is the end of being young, but no one tells her so. Instead they make over her, and tell her how lucky she is. I wonder do slaves get dressed up in finery on the day they are sold.
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|Chastity ... has, even now, a religious importance in a woman's life, and has so wrapped itself round with nerves and instincts that to cut it free and bring it to the light of day demands courage of the rarest.
Charlaine Harris, Club Dead|Did you ever think that if you told me where Bill's hiding his computer program, I would give you anything you asked for?"- Eric, club dead.
Helena Bonham Carter|The poorer people and criminals of Mexico who are not very religious but not quite atheists, either, worship Saint Death.
David Benatar, The Metaphysics and Ethics of Death: New Essays|Although they will miss his presence if he dies, his condition is too burdensome to require his continued presence. In such circumstances, what is selfish is the insistence that the prospective suicide remain alive, not that he seek his own demise. The argument about selfishness can backfire in another way. Just as it is sometimes the case that those who kill themselves have accorded insufficient weight to the interests of others, so it is sometimes the case that those who do not kill themselves make this error. Consistent with what I have already said, I do not think that the interests of others are decisive. Nevertheless, there are situations in which a person's interest in continued life is negligible, because he will die soon anyway, and the quality of his life is appalling. If seeing out his days, rather than taking his own life earlier, would spell financial ruin for his family (because of the costs of his medical care), then it may well be unduly selfish not to take one's own life.
Helene Deutsch|You can find women who have never had an affair, but it is hard to find a woman who has had just one.
Mehmet Murat ildan|No turtle can be a revolutionist, because revolution requires high speed!
Bob Marley, Bob Marley - Legend|And all the books you've read have been read by other people. And all the songs you've loved have been heard by other people. And that girl that's pretty to you is pretty to other people. and that if you looked at these facts when you were happy, you would feel great because you are describing 'unity.
Katherine Boo|Justice suffers when men refuse to stand firm for what is right. If we don’t fight lawlessness, it prevails. If we don’t establish the truth in our nations, truth becomes foreign in the country. God says there is no man when there is nobody who stands for the truth.
Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock|It's possible to find order in chaos, and it's equally possible to find chaos underlying apparent order. Order and chaos are slippery concepts. They're like a set of twins who like to swap clothing from time to time. Order and chaos frequently intermingle and overlap, the same as beginnings and endings. Things are often more complicated, or more simple, than they seem. Often it depends on your angle. I think that telling a story is a way of trying to make life's complexity more comprehensible. It's a way of trying to separate order from chaos, patterns from pandemonium.
Lisa Desrochers, A Little Too Far|I really miss us, Trent.” I swallow. “I miss how I could tell you everything and how I knew you’d never judge me. I miss how safe I used to feel when you held me. I miss that you knew me better than I knew myself. I miss my best friend so much,” I add, as a tear rolls over my lashes. “What we did stole him from me. I want him back.
Terri E. Laine, Because of Him|But because of you, I learned to love and not fear. Because of you, I can be loved and not be tormented. Because of you, I feel like a woman and not a victim.
Harry Shaw|(…) met the owner of this cozy book-and-candle Apt. G, a tall, leggy, striking girl named Bea or maybe just the letter B or maybe the insect Bee, not sure, her long blond hair pulled in a ponytail, her no-doubt banging body effortlessly buried beneath a pile of tights and sweaters and scarves – she is a walking coat rack – and as we shook hands, Bea fixed me with the most alarming blue-eyed stare of my life, the kind of stare in which you think some potent subliminal message is being passed along (Run away with me or maybe just Run away), (…)
Kendall Ryan, Hitched: Volume One|Our hearts have already been broken. Maybe I can help to heal hers, even if it means ripping mine to shreds when she leaves and I have to say good-bye.
Mie Hansson|The Admiral so regrets failure, he cannot THINK of success.
J.R. Ward, Lover Eternal|You're getting into some kind of shape, cop."Aw, come on, now." Butch grinned. "Don't let that shower we took go to your head."Rhage fired a towel at the male. "Just pointing out your beer gut's gone."It was a Scotch pot. And I don't miss it.
Darell Hammond|My mother is not a model. She is not perfect. That awareness is part of learning to love someone. Predicting the actions of someone is an act of love. We persist, even when we get it wrong. That's the beauty of love.
Nicholson Baker, House of Holes|Few of us are aware that the act of eating can be a powerful statement of commitment to our own well-being, and at the same time the creation of a healthier habitat. Your health, happiness, and the future of life on earth are rarely so much in your own hands as when you sit down to eat.
Charles Stross, Accelerando|Often, on the brink of finding the recipe for immortality, I get distracted by the frightful presence of death.
Stephen Grosz, The Examined Life: How We Lose and Find Ourselves|Being loved is the problem, because love is a demand - when you're loved, someone wants more of you.
Cherie Blair|I really am not going to get involved in a discussion about the legal position of the Iraq war. I am not the person to do that because I am not sufficiently impartial as a lawyer about this, because it's a matter that is of interest to the person that I am closest to in the world.
Marilyn Suttle|When you’re busy, avoid taking the quickest action. Instead make the extra effort to truly serve the customer.
Kim Gordon|I spent a lot of time vacillating between wanting to be seen as attractive, being terrified by too much attention, and wanting to succeed and fit in without anyone's noticing me.
Brenda Perlin|Even though their marriage had been dead for over two years (her words, not mine), this put her in the role of the innocent. She was now a woman scorned. ~Shattered Reality
Cesare Beccaria|Once writing has become your major vice and greatest pleasure, only death can stop it.
Karl Marx, The German Ideology|As individuals express their life, so they are.
jagvir ji|i know this is love "" but how can be you so sure "" can't you see I'm alone, suffering nd it really hurts , I'm dying everyday a little bit , tell me any other disease where u face all this nd it has no cure buddy , I'm trapped
Ray Mancini, Zen, Meditation & the Art of Shooting: Performance Edge - Sports Edition|Creativity is the result of renunciation on the journey of spiritual enlightenment, not of a thirst for glory or personal pride.
Debasish Mridha|To stop war, teach peace, love, cooperation, and most of all—forgiveness.
Laurent Dubois, Avengers of the New World: The Story of the Haitian Revolution|Freedom, democracy, and socialism can only ever exist together; it is impossible to have any one without the other two.
Michael Chabon, The Mysteries of Pittsburgh|Pretty mountains, pretty river, bumpy but pleasant tar road... old buildings, old people on a front porch... strange how old, obsolete buildings and plants and mills, the technology of fifty and a hundred years ago, always seem to look so much better than the new stuff.
A.S. King, Ask the Passengers|All those people who are chained here thinking that their reputations matter and this little shit matters are so freaking shortsighted. Dude, what matters is that you're happy. What matters is your future. What matters is that we get out of here in one piece. What matters is finding the truth of our own lives, not caring about what other people think is the truth of us.
Mark Frost, The Secret History of Twin Peaks|The moment had gone. I carried my secrets still with me, and they were hard, heavy, bitter things.
John Berger|I always say to myself that if I can make a movie that makes a kid smile or gives them some hope or something to get excited about, then I'm applying myself in the best way that I can. I don't think that just goes for kids. I think that it goes for adults, as well, and for families.
J.K. Brown, The All Powerful|It feels like last week, but in fact we’re now closing in on five thousand days at war. I always picture Sami as a nine-year-old soccer stud ... and yet there are soldiers in Afghanistan today who were in fourth grade on 9/11.
Barbara Kruger|Kids don't need to be taught the value of making; they are natural makers, at least until traditional education makes them afraid of making mistakes. The long-term value of making for kids is in learning to become an active participant in the world around them rather than a consumer of prepackaged products and solutions.
Walt Whitman, Song of Myself|Have you reckon'd a thousand acres much? have you reckon'd the earth much? Have you practis'd so long to learn to read? Have you felt so proud to get at the meaning of poems? Stop this day and night with me and you shall possess the origin of all poems, You shall possess the good of the earth and sun, (there are millions of suns left,) You shall no longer take things at second or third hand, nor look through the eyes of the dead, nor feed on the spectres in books, You shall not look through my eyes either, nor take things from me, You shall listen to all sides and filter them from your self. 
George Stroumboulopoulos|When I meet a couple, I'm always interested to know if they have been together for a long time, or how loyal they are, because I know that will impact on how much I'm prepared to trust them.
Chris Pine|I have learned that when you make big decisions, life says, 'Fuck you. This is what you actually have in store.
Michael McCaul|I always made my food congenial to my constitution, and my health was always excellent.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Maybe that's who you are, what you remember.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|If I could mark clearly, convincingly and consistently what was good for me and also what was bad—if I could say yes and also no, as if it were the law—it would become my law.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|Downfall, failure and death cannot be far from any man who made counterfeit friends his ally and support.
Peter Diamandis|Of course, we would love to know more about the exact moment of Big Bang, but interposing an outside intelligence does nothing to add to that knowledge, as we still know nothing about the creation of that intelligence.
Baruch Spinoza|Vegas means comedy, tragedy, happiness and sadness all at the same time.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness in your life is directly related to your ability to love, not your ability to earn.
Vincent H. O'Neil, Interlands|In hundreds of years of wish fulfillment,never once to the demon’s bereavement,had a wish gone unable to be yielded.It was love this day, which defeated the curse,and there in Hell there was little worse,than the dark forces of evil gone unwielded.
Gerald Durrell, My Family and Other Animals|She would seize every opportunity to dive into the bathroom, in a swirl of white towels, and once in there she was as hard to dislodge as a limpet from a rock.
Louise Carey, The Steel Seraglio|But history, real solemn history, I cannot be interested in. Can you?""Yes, I am fond of history.""I wish I were too. I read it a little as a duty, but it tells me nothing that does not either vex or weary me. The quarrels of popes and kings, with wars or pestilences, in every page; the men all so good for nothing, and hardly any women at all -- it is very tiresome.
Gigi Hadid|Sometimes when I try to make jokes or have a sense of humor in interviews, it doesn't go over very well. But Twitter made my life easier in this way that I didn't expect. It would have taken probably 10 times as long for people to accept my voice and my sense of humor if I didn't have Twitter.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Plus as she put it, Prince Eric was far too hairy and peach colored for her taste. I always thought he was pretty hott, but then again, I am a mammal.
S.A. Tawks, Mule|Living the rest of my life in Kerobokan, waiting to die, was what I had in front of me.
James Sallis, Ghost of a Flea|The two of them together in a place like Retribution Falls would result in alcoholic carnage, sure as bird shit on statues.
Shannon Delany, Bargains and Betrayals|Engaging spirits isn’t an elitist ability or industry, it’s being active in the connection with All Things. It’s innate to us all.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Bean Trees, With Related Readings|She has changed in this way that motherhood changes you, so that you forget you ever had time for small things like despising the color pink.
Troy Denning, Inferno|I heard all things in the heaven and in the earth. I heard many things in hell. How, then, am I mad?
Don Richard Riso, The Wisdom of the Enneagram: The Complete Guide to Psychological and Spiritual Growth for the Nine Personality Types|It would always be my burden, not that I lacked genius, but that I was fully aware of it.
Willian Chua|No, love, in real life you can get all the way to death and never have finished one single story.
Matt Ryan|Choose your friends wisely, and also choose friends that you can trust.
Stephen Batchelor, Confession of a Buddhist Atheist|Oneness and individuality coexist. There is no question about the importance and uniqueness of each individual life. However, difference is no difference. The very difference is equality, is one.
M.L. Stedman, The Light Between Oceans|Winners have no interest or association in the opinions, actions or affairs of losers.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|You can use and see the power of words contributing towards your success, and this comes from having an empowering belief system. Living and functioning from an empowering belief system is the spring board for making your success more deliberate.
Christopher Hitchens|Smartass Disciple: My master, please show me how to be a wise man!Master of Stupidity: I can't. But I can show you how to do something wisely.
Mary Quant|I feel like I'm in my own head a lot; it just feels amazing, but scary, weird and confusing.
Sam Levenson|The simplest toy, one which even the youngest child can operate, is called a grandparent.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|Like many writers, I lived inside of books as a child.
Jacques Derrida, On Cosmopolitanism and Forgiveness|I remain ‘torn’ (between a ‘hyberbolic’ ethical vision of forgiveness, pure forgiveness, and the reality of a society at work in pragmatic processes of reconciliation). But without power, desire, or need to decide. The two poles are irreducible to one another, certainly, but they remain indissociable. In order to inflect politics, or what you just called the ‘pragmatic processes’, in order to change the law (which, thus, finds itself between the two poles, the ‘ideal’ and the ‘empirical’ – and what is more important to me here is, between these two, this universalising mediation, this history of the law, the possibility of this progress of the law), it is necessary to refer to a ‘“hyperbolic” ethical vision of forgiveness’. Even if I were not sure of the words ‘vision’ or ‘ethics’ in this case, let us say that only this inflexible exigence can orient a history of laws, and evolution of the law. It alone can inspire here, now, in the urgency, without waiting, response and responsibilities.
Richie Norton|Ever feel like you're always winding up and never throwing it out? You might blame it on perfectionism or procrastination or preparation. You may even call it prudent. But whatever it is...IT'S NOT WORKING. I call this phenomenon "petrified performance." Where you're busy, busy, busy (on the wrong activities or the right activities for too long), and never accomplishing the idea or task you set out to do. You're stuck. Like a tree that once was lively is now dead and immovable like a stone. What once was a fluid idea is now frozen in time. How do you overcome petrified performance? With practice, silly. Everything you do should be considered a "project" because projects have a beginning and an end with a timeline. No more dreaming. Wake up and put those dreams to work by putting the steps necessary to make them happen on the calendar. Are you willing to practice? That's my prescription.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Life is how you brew it. Wake up, you have a story to tell. Don't chase vain glory, your story will tell it. You owe it to yourself to write the lines of your story in the ink of purpose!
Sojourner Truth|I don't think the human race will survive the next thousand years, unless we spread into space.
Hermann Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund|Obedient to no man, dependent only on weather and season, without a goal before them or a roof above them, owning nothing, open to every whim of fate, the homeless wanderers lead their childlike, brave, shabby existence. They are the sons of Adam, who was driven out of Paradise; the brothers of the animals, of innocence. Out of heaven's hand they accept what is given them from moment to moment: sun, rain, fog, snow, warmth, cold, comfort, and hardship; time does not exist for them and neither does history, or ambition, or that bizarre idol called progress and evolution, in which houseowners believe so desperately. A wayfarer may be delicate or crude, artful or awkward, brave or cowardly—he is always a child at heart, living in the first day of creation, before the beginning of the history of the world, his life always guided by a few simple instincts and needs. He may be intelligent or stupid; he may be deeply aware of the fleeting fragility of all living things, of how pettily and fearfully each living creature carries its bit of warm blood through the glaciers of cosmic space, or he may merely follow the commands of his poor stomach with childlike greed—he is always the opponent, the deadly enemy of the established proprietor, who hates him, despises him, or fears him, because he does not wish to be reminded that all existence is transitory, that life is constantly wilting, that merciless icy death fills the cosmos all around.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|Engagement is the conscious inhabitation of your body and mind. Practice is happening when your open awareness is moving with, in and through your embodied activity. Intrinsic to practice is your conscious participation with your life. Engagement is the conduction of your free and open awareness through your activities, whatever they may be.
Miguel Ruiz, The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom|The power of the word is completely misused in hell. We use the word to curse, to blame, to find guilt, to destroy. Of course, we also use it in the right way, but not too often. Mostly we use the word to spread our personal poison - to express anger, jealousy, envy, and hate. The words is pure magic - the most powerful gift we have as humans - and we use it against ourselves. We plan revenge. We create chaos with the word. We use the word to create hate between different races, between different people, between families, between nations. We misuse the word so often, and this misuse is how we create and perpetuate the dream of hell. Misuse of the word is how we pull each other down and keep each other in a state of fear and doubt.
Virginia Postrel|A few years after 'Melrose Place,' when the luster of 'Melrose Place' wore off and what was left was just the stink, and I was just doing bad TV movies, that was a personal low point. I felt I needed to stop doing those, and I did.
Yao Ming|Look at people for an example, but then make sure to do things your way. Surround yourself with positive people.
Virginia Woolf, The Years|There must be another life, she thought, sinking back into her chair, exasperated. Not in dreams; but here and now, in this room, with living people. She felt as if she were standing on the edge of a precipice with her hair blown back; she was about to grasp something that just evaded her. There must be another life, here and now, she repeated. This is too short, too broken. We know nothing, even about ourselves.
M.F. Moonzajer|It is necessary - and toward this point our development will move, little by little - that nothing alien happen to us, but only what has long been our own.
Christopher Dines, The Kindness Habit: Transforming our Relationship to Addictive Behaviours|The idea has come to me that what I want now to do is to saturate every atom. I mean to eliminate all waste, deadness, superfluity: to give the moment whole; whatever it includes. Say that the moment is a combination of thought; sensation; the voice of the sea. Waste, deadness, come from the inclusion of things that don't belong to the moment; this appalling narrative business of the realist: getting on from lunch to dinner: it is false, unreal, merely conventional.
Callie Thorne|It's great when people appreciate your work, but I don't know how seriously to take it. The amazing thing is that I found something so early that I can support myself doing, and that can even be extremely lucrative, but I love it either way.
Sara Gruen, Water for Elephants|Sometimes when you get older — and I’m not talking about you, I’m talking generally, because everyone ages differently — things you think on and wish on start to seem real. And then you believe them, and before you know it they’re part of your history, and if someone challenges you on them and says they’re not true — why, then you get offended because you can’t remember the first part. All you know is that you’ve been called a liar.
Michael Morpurgo, Toto: The Dog-Gone Amazing Story of the Wizard of Oz|But they could neither of them persuade me, for there is nothing dearer to a man than his own country and his parents, and however splendid a home he may have in a foreign country, if it be far from father or mother, he does not care about it.
Margaret McMullan|As a moth gnaws a garment, so doth envy consume a [person].
Jeremy Gilley|In 1977, when I started my first job at the Federal Reserve Board as a staff economist in the Division of International Finance, it was an article of faith in central banking that secrecy about monetary policy decisions was the best policy: Central banks, as a rule, did not discuss these decisions, let alone their future policy intentions.
Alexander McCall Smith|I thought once how Theocritus had sungOf the sweet years, the dear and wished-for years,Who each one in a gracious hand appearsTo bear a gift for mortals, old or young;And, as I mused it in his antique tongue,I saw, in gradual vision through my tears,The sweet, sad years, the melancholy years,Those of my own life, who by turns had flungA shadow across me. Straightaway I was 'ware,So weeping, how a mystic Shape did moveBehind me, and drew me backward by the hair;And a voice said in mastery, while I strove,--Guess now who holds thee?--Death, I said, But, there,The silver answer rang,--Not Death, but Love.
Aubrey Peeples|Ibiza is a popular vacation place for a lot of the players in Spain. If you go in the summer, there are some of the world's most famous movie and music stars, so nobody cares about soccer players.
Thomas Jefferson|They died hard, those savage men - like wounded wolves at bay. They were filthy, and they were lousy, and they stunk. And I loved them.
Gerry Geek, Ice Breakers for Project Managers: Jokes, Quotes, and Brainteasers|A code is like love, it has created with clear intentions at the beginning, but it can get complicated.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|I mean it," I said. "You're in danger.""Relax, Harry. I'm not letting anyone lick me, and I'm not looking anyone in the eyes. It's kind of like visiting New York.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|Note even Moroi give licenses to infants, Sage,
Shirley A. Martin, Bloodline Gypsy: Jook and Gypsies Vol. 1|At the blind date,deafen your earsto hear the wordsspoken with her eyes.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Educate your children to self-control, to the habit of holding passion and prejudice and evil tendencies subject to an upright and reasoning will, and you have done much to abolish misery from their future and crimes from society.
Sidney Sheldon|Ninety percent of my work is crap,” he continued. “Another nine percent is mediocre, and then there are those rare gems that are actually useable.
John Abizaid|My best travelling experience lasted several years: between 1971 and 1974 when I bummed around the East. All I had with me was a cooking pot, a stove, a map and blankets and a couple of dhotis.
J.D. Mason, Drop Dead, Gorgeous|Guilt is a manifestation of condemnation or aversion towards oneself, which does not understand the changing transformative quality of mind.'Seeking the Heart of Wisdom
Mike Piazza|Health and beauty is not just about what you apply. If you don't have it together on the inside, then nothing else is going to matter.
Yann Martel|Pregnancy had seemed a reasonable excuse for letting her metal-smithing tools languish, but that accounted for only eighteen months of the last twenty-six years. Motherhood wasn't the real problem, though it took him a long time to figure out what was. She needed resistance, the very quality that metal most demonstrably offered up. Suddenly Glynis had no difficulty to overcome, no hard artisan's life with galleries filching half the too-small price of a mokume brooch that had taken three weeks to forge. No, her husband made a good living, and if she slept late and dawdled the afternoon away reading Lustre, American Craft Magazine and Lapidary Journal, the phone bill would still get paid. For that matter, she needed need itself. She could overcome her anguish about embarking on an object that, once completed, might not meet her exacting standards only if she had no choice. In this sense, his helping had hurt her. By providing the financial cushion that should have facilitated making all the metal whathaveyou she liked, he had ruined her life. Wrapped in a slackening bow, ease was a poisonous present.
Lilly Black, A Jade's Trick|Bree nodded eagerly, anxious to see her friend again. “Oooh. I like that idea. Yeah. Let’s stay, Alessandro and then in the morning, we can have wine with our toast! Oh hey, that’s funny, huh. Wine, toast, get it?” Bree giggled. Oh wow. Her head was feeling really, really fuzzy. “Okay, let’s go to bed,” Alessandro said rising from the couch after he and Kevin finished discussing the plans for the vineyard in the coming year as well as the progress it had made thus far. Bree gasped. “Alessandro! We can’t have sex in someone else’s house!” Alessandro blushed and placed a hand on her back, leading her towards the stairs after wishing Hadley a good night. “It’s my house, darling,” he reminded her. “Oh well, that’s okay then, but you can’t be loud though cause that would still be rude,” Bree said, reaching down and squeezing Alessandro’s ass. Gosh, her hubby had a really nice tight ass. “Here we are,” he said, leading her into one of the mansion’s many bedrooms. “Alessandro, I hass…have…a little confestion to make,” Bree said leaning her head on his shoulder. “You do?” he asked placing her on the bed and bending down to remove her shoes. Bree lay back and stared up at the spinning ceiling. “Mmhm. I think…I’m ina...Little drunk bit.” “Really?” Alessandro asked with feigned surprise.
Don J. Snyder|That had been the end of Communism. I had a feeling watching the tape that America would be next, but for once I kept my mouth shut. In my silence I felt our common ground: here we were, two men, neither young, neither with money, neither earning a penny or holding down a job or owning a house, both thoroughly confused by the way the world was turning.
Cassandra Clare|I hoped for a miracle, but most of all, I hoped for someone to truly understand what I was going through.I can't make you live longer, I can't stop you from hurting but I can give you one wish as someone did for me. My wish helped me find purpose, faith, and courage. Friendship reaches beyond time and the true miracle is in giving, not recieving.
S.L.J. Shortt, Revelations|You fellows are amazing,' the sweaty cook roared over the stoves. 'Everything happens to you only. Each time you come here, you have a new adventure story to entertain us
William Wordsworth|Books were my pass to personal freedom. I learned to read at age three, and soon discovered there was a whole world to conquer that went beyond our farm in Mississippi.
Peter Atkins|But if one doesn't really exist, one wonders why..." she hesitated."Why one makes such a fuss about things," Anthony suggested. "All that howling and hurrahing and gnashing of teeth. About the adventures of a self that isn't really a self—just the result of a lot of accidents. And of course," he went on, "once you start wondering, you see at once that there is no reason for making such a fuss. And then you don't make a fuss—that is, if you're sensible. Like me," he added, smiling.
Alin Sav|I am not that afraid to lose believers, I am afraid not to win the unbelievers.
N'Zuri Za Austin|They took one look at me,And hated my black face.They took one look at me,And decided on my fate.They took one look at me,And forced an unknown fear.They took one look at me,And caused the shed of tears.They took one look at me,And decided I was wrong.They took one look at me,And now I'm singing the slave mans song...
Gregory Figg, Threshold|The wiry man scratched his head, looked the two inquisitors up and down and cleared his throat softly. “We must be quick.” He turned to go, pulling his cloak over his head and shuffling through the door into the moonlight. The two inquisitors moved with impossible silence behind, floating across the straw-covered floor like the cats on the walls outside the hut. The cats froze at the disturbance before scurrying noiselessly into the shadows as the three silhouettes crossed the ten yards of grass before the blackness of the forest swallowed them. No fires flickered at this time, when the full moon was highest in the cloudless summer sky, and the three were the only waking souls in the hamlet.
Eva Longoria|I'm very heterosexual, so dating women is something I'm not ashamed of. But my love life is not as exciting as it is reported to be.
C.K. Walker, Room 733|I believe that you believe that. But this thing, whatever it is, it's tricky. Manipulative. A liar. And it's smarter than you.""I'll try not to be offended by that.""You shouldn't be."“What do you think it is?”“Something very old and very evil.
Torquil Campbell|When there is nothing left to burn, you have to set yourself on fire.
|I always thank God for the gift of a new day, because despite the fact that I strategically prepare for the future, it is still only God that can make it possible for me to witness tomorrow.
Candace Robinson, Hearts Are Like Balloons|You can blow into a balloon and watch it inflate, and then release it and see it deflate. You can take that same balloon and blow into it again, and observe it inflating. That's what my heart is doing in this moment, inflating and holding the air.
Graham Chapman|If life seems jolly rotten, There’s something you’ve forgotten.
Morris West, The Devil's Advocate|One of the most ugly aspects of life in Communist China during the Mao Zedong era was the Party’s demand that people inform on each other routinely and denounce each other during political campaigns. This practice had a profoundly destructive effect on human relationships. Husbands and wives became guarded with each other, and parents were alienated from their children. The practice inhibited all forms of human contact, so that people no longer wanted to have friends. It also encouraged secretiveness and hypocrisy. To protect himself, a man had to keep his thoughts to himself. When he was compelled to speak, often lying was the only way to protect himself and his family.
Conor McGregor|Failure is a detour, not a dead-end street.
Herbert N. Casson|If you want to help a hungry poor man sleeping on the bench, don’t ever wake him up; put the food on the bench, put some money and leave the place without looking at your back!
Hilal Hamdaan|I don't believe in your version of love, I have my own
Toni Morrison, Song of Solomon|You wanna fly, you got to give up the shit that weighs you down.
T.K. Ware, Battling & Overcoming Self|Tell them what you do, and if they want to know more, they’ll ask.
Irvin D. Yalom|I relish my life. It’s the one I have. It’s difficult, beautiful, painful, full of laughter, passing strange. Whatever else it is, whatever it brings – it’s mine.
Mehmet Murat ildan|From the same window, you keep seeing the same view!
Robin Bielman, His Million Dollar Risk|There's this party tomorrow night. The client with all the ex-husbands is throwing it, and I've got to go. I know it's last minute, and that Fridays are really busy for you. I'm also sure it's going to be boring. Anyway, if you can't go, I completely understand. But if you don't come with me, I'll be forced to meet rich, eligible bachelors who may or may not have all their original teeth and hair."I bit my nail as I waited for his answer, trying to prepare myself for the possibility he couldn't go."You're not really giving me much of a choice," Jake said. "Not when I know you've got a weakness for bald men with dentures.
Salomon Reinach, Orpheus: A History of Religions|From the literary point of view, the Koran has little merit. Declamation, repetition, puerility, a lack of logic and coherence strike the unprepared reader at every turn. It is humiliating to the human intellect to think that this mediocre literature has been the subject of innumerable commentaries, and that millions of men are still wasting time in absorbing it." (Orpheus, Salmon Reinach, 1932. See page 175 of the book here)
Pen|Without a sense of humor, you don't have much sense at all.
Edward Everett|In a very alert and bright state of society people learn co-operation by themselves, but in older and quieter conditions of laboring enterprise, such a bill as I propose will point out the way to mutual exertion.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Lack of courage is what makes big dreams to sit in the ink of the paper instead of them running in the shoes of actions. Without courage, you remain a dreamer!
Thomas Mallon|Politics is not a game for naive thinkers. You may go in as an idealist, but you certainly won't come out as one.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If death blew a trumpet each time he was coming, there would be no one to greet him on arrival.
Michel Foucault|I am hopelessly in love with a memory. An echo from another time, another place.
Csaba Gabor-B.|Long has been this road called life. Every time you venture out in this road, remember. Home is within. Home is in you.
Anita B. Sulser PhD, We Are One|The roots of Self begin in consciousness and cease in awareness. The fourth state of consciousness is one of biophotonic origin. However, it has nothing to do with religious, political or scientific endeavours. It is that which creates governments, religions, sciences and, in our insane world, politics...
Dean Ornish|When working, my diet degrades to pizza three times a day, because I don't want to distract myself from anything.
Oliver Sacks, Gratitude|There is some kind of message..., in Dexter criminal series. Just try to find it and focus.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|There’s an interesting story about Abraham Lincoln. During the American Civil War he signed an order transferring certain regiments, but Secretary of War Edwin Stanton refused to execute it, calling the president a fool. When Lincoln heard he replied, ‘If Stanton said I’m a fool then I must be, for he’s nearly always right, and he says what he thinks. I’ll step over and see for myself.’ He did, and when Stanton convinced him the order was in error, Lincoln quietly withdrew it. Part of Lincoln’s greatness lay in his ability to rise above pettiness, ego, and sensitivity to other people’s opinions. He wasn’t easily offended. He welcomed criticism, and in doing so demonstrated one of the strengths of a truly great person: humility. So, have you been criticised? Make it a time to learn, not lose.
Brandon Sanderson, The Well of Ascension|I can only tell you that I've done this thing, and was compelled, somehow, to do so.
Natalya Vorobyova|For a control freak, love and the desire to control others are synonymous. Once they lose control over the object of their desire, hostility takes over in full force.
Joseph Chilton Pearce, The Crack in the Cosmic Egg: New Constructs of Mind and Reality|Painted into a corner, caught in a cul-de-sac, out on that final last-chance limb, life scrabbles around, searching for a new way out.
John Connolly, The Killing Kind|The nature of humanity, its essence, is to feel another's pain as one's own, and to act to take that pain away,. There is a nobility in compassion, a beauty in empathy, a grace in forgiveness.
W. H. Auden|After Jackie Robinson the most important black in baseball history is Reggie Jackson, I really mean that.
Catherine Zeta-Jones|Growing up with three older brothers and being the youngest and the only girl, my mom always made me tough. She's taught me over the years how to be a strong, independent woman, how to carry yourself in a positive way and anything that my brothers can do, I can do.
David Baldacci, Memory Man|But then he put aside the awkward encounter, which his mind allowed him to do quite easily. He could compartmentalize at an astonishing level. It came from not giving a shit.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|The planet is here for our delight, but it is also here for us to change, to make it the best it can be. It's not just about sleeping and fucking and getting the right dress. Let's HOPE not.
Erica Jong|You must accept responsibility for your actions, but not the credit for your achievements.
Pazaria Smith|God will not permit any troubles to come upon us, unless He has a specific plan by which great blessing can come out of the difficulty.
Akshay Kumar|I played rugby from the age of 10 until my late twenties; an unlikely player - small, quiet, long-haired and 'wiry.'
Heather Dixon, Entwined|A muffled voice startled them both. her?"They pulled away. In the ballroom windows, noses and hands pressed against the glass, were the girls. They stood among the prickly rosebushes, beaming wicked little grins. Delphinium and Eve whispered and giggled to each other; Bramble wore a magnificent grin on her face and a spark of light in her yellow-green eyes.Another figure stood among them. This one had his arms folded across his chest, stiff and firm and formal......Yet he did not look displeased.
Sara  Humphreys, Vampire Trouble|I am waiting for you in the living room... the very pink living room. I do hope that when we acquire a home of our own, after this nonsense has passed, you will not insist on bathing the entire space in shades of bubble gum.
C.R. Gress, Shattered|Tell me to stop, Aby, and I will...It will be the hardest thing I'll ever do, but if you don't want this, now would be the time to tell me.
Grace Norwich|Every single day I'll keep you with me, no matter how far from me you are.
Margaret Laurence, A Jest of God|The whole underneath of Paris was an ant nest, Metro tunnels, sewer shafts, catacombs, mines, cemeteries. She'd been down in the city of bones where skulls and femurs rose in yellowing walls. Right down there, win the square before them. through a dinky little entrance, were the Roman ruins like honeycomb. The trains went under the river. There were tunnels people had forgotten about. It was a wonder Paris stood up at all. The bit you saw was only half of it. Her skin burned, thinking of it. The Hunchback knew. Up here in the tower of Notre Dame he saw how it was. Now and then, with the bells rattling his bones, he saw it like God saw it -- inside, outside, above and under -- just for a moment. The rest of the time he went back to hurting and waiting like Scully out there crying in the wind.
Rhea Perlman|I like Beryl Bainbridge a great deal, and she is a writer who absolutely demands to be read a second, third, and fourth time. I admire her great courage in leaving so much unsaid and asking the reader to really engage her brain.
Aesop, Aesop's Fables|Life is too hard to maintain a constantly serious outlook. You have to laugh at yourself and the world now and then―see humor in undesirable circumstances, even harsh situations―or you will either rot from the inside or go stark-raving mad. Humor is power against the worst oppression. It lightens heavy burdens; it allows one to smile while in agony; it eases excruciating pains. In short, humor makes the intolerable tolerable.
John O'Leary, On Fire: The 7 Choices to Ignite a Radically Inspired Life|The things that people were the most grateful for were the ordinary things in life. The sound of your spouse’s laugh, the smell of morning coffee, the echo of children playing in the yard. The little things. In waiting for the big moments—the vacations, the retirements, the birthdays—we risk missing the experiences of life most worthy of celebrating.
Jimmy Iovine|If you love your dad, it’s tough when he dies. If you don’t like your dad, it’s tough when he dies. Because you lose that guy. Whatever you didn’t get, you miss. And what you did get, you miss.
Bob Hope|Our hearts grow tender with childhood memories and love of kindred, and we are better throughout the year for having, in spirit, become a child again at Christmastime.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|Let your body work until it is spent, but keep your mind for yourself.
Kristin Ketelslegers|Most people have fear to compromise with life.You got to take the reins of your life in your own hands, and direct it yourself.You decide how you use your time.
Jodi Picoult|That the sum of a man's life was not where he wound up but in the details that brought him there. That we made mistakes.I closed my eyes, sick of the riddles, and to my surprise all I could see were dandelions-as if they had been painted on the fields of my imagination, a hundred thousand suns. And I remembered something else that makes us human: faith, the only weapon in our arsenal to battle doubt. 
Katherine Allred, The Sweet Gum Tree|He is no longer mine to lose, but the grief is there, a gnawing sense of disbelief.
Thomas More, Utopia|People do not change. It is just that they change the masks they wear and the acts they put on, with new costumes, new dialogues and new settings.That is human nature.
Laurie Perez, Atomic Truths and Stellar Seeking: A Joybroker's Guide to the Stars Inside|Physicists have yet to find anything capable of exceeding our known speed of light. The Tao cannot be named, and so I say there is one thing that out-paces all things: we call it “thought.” I can fill a room a with light before I’m anywhere near the switch.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Diversity, rather than cohesiveness, is the new passion, and it pits us against each other for “rights.
Arlen Specter|Here's how I think of my money - as soldiers - I send them out to war everyday. I want them to take prisoners and come home, so there's more of them.
Kami Garcia|We need to mask your scent.” If stranger words had come out of his mouth, she hadn’t heard them. But then it clicked. “The thing can smell me.”And it did get a good whiff at the house
Francis Bacon, The New Organon|But if they are shown to be, and are the works not of men but of God, why are the unbelievers so irreligious as not to recognize the Master Who did them?
Nien Cheng, Life and Death in Shanghai|Quote taken from Chapter 1:I know what." Isabel reached under the end table, took out the game board, and rattled the Band-Aid box containing the letter tiles. "It's been a week-and-a-half since our last Scrabble game.
Alex Morritt, Impromptu Scribe|If you're always a giver, give yourself a break. Take time for yourself; your well-being is at stake. If you're always a receiver, try a turn at giving. Experience for yourself one of the joys of living.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Obsidian Butterfly|I'd be glad of a retaliation that wouldn't recoil on myself; but treachery and violence are spears pointed at both ends: they wound those who resort to them, worse than their enemies.
Saaif Alam|If we are devoted to some inspirational and significant people in our lives, they will never vanish from our memories. The people who we do not keep a good relation with can be forgotten because they do not take affirmative action to help you overcome your obstacles.
Florence Ditlow, The Bakery Girls|Second rule of the bush. Never get too close to anything that has offspring.What's the first rule?Food runs. If you don't want to be food, don't run.
Don Maruska, Take Charge of Your Talent: Three Keys to Thriving in Your Career, Organization, and Life|When it comes to your talent, translate the intangible into the tangible.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Unbeknown to us, some of the people who we hope are missing us wherever they are do miss us; some miss someone else; and some are dead.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Revived spirit, restored strength.
Terry Pratchett|The mental pictures I have of my parents and grandparents and my childhood are beginning to break up into small fragments and get blown away from me into empty space, and the same wind is sucking me toward it ever so gently, so gently as not even to raise a hair on my head (though the truth is that there are very few of them to be raised). I'm starting to take the idea of death as the end of life somewhat harder than before. I used to wonder why people seemed to think that life is tragic or sad. Isn't it also comic and funny? And beyond all that, isn't it amazing and marvelous? Yes, but only if you have it. And I am starting not to have it. The pictures are disintegrating, as if their molecules were saying, "I've had enough," ready to go somewhere else and form a new configuration. They betray us, those molecules, we who have loved them. They treat us like dirt.
Samantha Ruth Prabhu|I think the only time I show my emotions and anger is on the cricket field; otherwise, I've mellowed down. And with age, I think, with age you always end up mellowing down.
Anthony T. Hincks|S.M."Social Media or Social Menace?I'll leave it to you to work out.
M.F. Moonzajer, The Journalist: Attack on the Central Intelligence Agency|Not long after we started working for him I asked Bernard if he thought Thatcher was evil,'I said. 'He said it was like asking what jazz is.
Jean Paul|Success, they taught me, is built on the foundation of courage, hard-work and individual responsibility. Despite what some would have us believe, success is not built on resentment and fears.
Freddy Fender|I don't smile much, and I never laugh. If you'd been through what I've been through, you wouldn't be smiling, either.
Sheeja Jose, Goodbye Girl|Proving one’s innocence is as improbable as going to Pluto fora honeymoon. It could take away everything you had in life, dearones, dreams, hopes and, most importantly, the right to have yourfreedom.
Breanna Hayse, Time Out|Of course it hurts, it’s a spanking. How else would it work?
Thomas Carlyle|Great perils have this beauty, that they bring to light the fraternity of strangers.
Carrie Hope Fletcher, On the Other Side|Of all the crowns that Bruenor had worn or would, none was more important than that of Father.
Steven Pinker|The transfer of power is always a test of the constitutional system, a test of its strength.
William Butler Yeats|Living in dreams of yesterday, we find ourselves still dreaming of impossible future conquests.
Herbert Hoover|War is not an independent phenomenon, but the continuation of politics by different means.
Guy de Maupassant, A Day in the Country and Other Stories|Solitude is obviously dangerous for people with active brains. We need men around us who have ideas and like talking. Leave us alone for any length of time, and we start filling the void with supernatural creatures.
J.M. Bardsley|Life is knowledge, livin it is Succes!
Sarah Kay|2.07 WALK OF LIFELife but like a cycle that you be riding,You will fall if you ever stop peddling,Life not of good cards you be holding,But those held and how you be playing.[68]	- 4
Charles Sherrington|Swiftly the brain becomes an enchanted loom, where millions of flashing shuttles weave a dissolving pattern-always a meaningful pattern-though never an abiding one.
William James|Pragmatism asks its usual question. "Grant an idea or belief to be true," it says, "what concrete difference will its being true make in anyone's actual life? How will the truth be realized? What experiences will be different from those which would obtain if the belief were false? What, in short, is the truth's cash-value in experiential terms?
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|Stephanie, I'm begging you. Eat some doughnuts. I can't keep going like this." - Morelli
Frank Herbert, Dune|Whether a thought is spoken or not it is a real thing and it has power," Tuek said. "You might find the line between life and death among the Fremen to be too sharp and quick.
A.E. Samaan|A "centrally planned economy" by definition discourages and despises participation by the masses. It's a bureaucratic oligarchy.
Scott M. Roberts|Enemy?’ Horus laughed. ‘When did they become the enemy? They are men like us.’ He glared up at the night sky, threw back his head and screamed a curse at the stars. Then his voice fell to a whisper. Loken was close enough to hear his words.‘Why have you tasked me with this, father? Why have you forsaken me? Why? It is too hard. It is too much. Why did you leave me to do this on my own?
Liz Cheney|For me, physical beauty is never the reason for attraction to anyone.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without suffering, we never wishes to be free.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|You think that holding someone hard will bring them closer. You think that you can hold them so hard that you'll still feel them, embossed on you, when you pull away.Every time Eleanor pulled away from Park, she felt the gasping loss of him.
Brian MacLearn|The moment after being let go, when we can finally let it go, is the moment when love once again has hope.
Peter Zumthor|I think size is the most unused quotient in the sculptor's repertoire because it requires lots of commitment and time. To me it's the best tool. With size you get space and atmosphere: atmosphere becomes volume. You stand in the shape, in the zone.
Libba Bray, Beauty Queens|After loss of Identity, the most potent modern terror, is loss of sexuality, or, as Descartes didn’t say, "I fuck therefore I am".
Lindsey Rietzsch, How to Date Your Spouse: A Couple's Guide to Falling and Staying in Love|As spouses, we play a big role in the development of each other's self-confidence, self-esteem, and self-worth. An entire personality can be destroyed and a marriage ripped apart over the course of just months. It's important that husbands and wives take this subject seriously and learn to build each other up through the simple concepts of dating. It's critical that the older we get, the younger we feel. As the years pass, our attitudes towards each other and our relationships should become more positive and our lives more meaningful.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|Happiness, like unhappiness, is a proactive choice.
Sunday Adelaja|If you notice that devil hinder your work or demons disturb your family etc., then address them and cast them out of your circumstances
Paul Theroux|Medical tourism can be considered a kind of import: instead of the product coming to the consumer, as it does with cars or sneakers, the consumer is going to the product.
Anamika Mishra, VoiceMates - A Novel|In the corporate world, what is not showcased well simply doesn't exist for any practical purpose!
Joel Salatin|Environmental spending creates jobs in engineering, manufacturing, construction, materials, operations and maintenance.
Morrissey|There's a club, if you'd like to goYou could meet somebody who really loves you.'So you go, and you stand on your ownAnd you leave on your ownAnd you go home, and you cryAnd you want to die.
Anne Lamott|Today, we are on a path of decay. We are seeing the book close on five decades of accomplishment as the leader in human space exploration.
ابن قيم الجوزية|You have truly gained the mastery of the very stronghold of philosophy, Mother. For without doubt only for lack of words you did not elaborate on this subject as did Tullius [Cicero], whose words will follow. For in the Hortensius, the book he wrote on the praise and defense of philosophy, he said: ‘But see, surely not the philosophers but all given to argument say that those who live just as they wish are happy.’ This is definitely false; for to want what is not appropriate is the worst of all miseries. It is not so miserable not to get what you want as to want to get what you ought not. Wickedness of will brings to everyone greater evil than good fortune brings good.
Jen Selinsky|When people use you, it does not feel very good. But when God uses you for His purpose, it's the greatest feeling in the world!
Nitin Yaduvanshi, Absolute Love Letter|A true lover never demands a naked girl with him,rather he feels her presence all the time with him
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|That is one of the great secrets of life Nowadays most people die of a sort of creeping common sense, and discover when it is too late that the only things one never regrets are one's mistakes.
Al Gore|I have younger friends who are in this pinch where they feel they've been counted out before they've had a chance to prove themselves. They've inherited a lot of debt - not just student debt but environmental debt, political debt. They really feel squeezed.
Robin    Black|Dedicating a writing session to someone is like sending a prayer for them out into the world. I will never know if my writing, my dedication to them, my prayer for them made any difference in their lives. But I know it makes a difference in mine.
50 Cent, From Pieces to Weight: Once Upon a Time in Southside Queens|Numerical superiority is of no consequence. In battle, victory will go to the best tactician."- G. A. Custer
Aliya Whiteley, The Beauty|There is so much to say about a past. It's a vein of gold through a mountain, leading to an incontrovertible stone heart of truth. But the future is a horizon - a faintly visible line that will promise much, and always remain to far away to touch.
William J. Bennett, From a World at War to the Triumph of Freedom 1914-1989|And Wolfram knows about cellular automata?” “Oh, my goodness, yes,” said Anna. “He wrote a book you could kill a man with—twelve hundred pages—called A New Kind of Science. It’s all about them.” “We should totally ask him what he thinks!” Caitlin said.
Nikki Rowe|Some days I like to wander to old and warn our places, forests ripped apart by man and streams that carry stagnant water where it use to flow. There is a sense of clarity in these places, a reflection of who I am or atleast who I have been. Broken, yet still incredibly beautiful.
Joel Osteen|I was raised with no religious training or influence. Except the influence was to be a moral and ethical person at the secular level. And to be a peace marcher, an activist for civil rights, peace and justice.
Cherie Harder|The author indicts "our culture's rush toward efficiency, speed, quantification, and distraction" and counters with the value of "the time and attention required to find the best words and images and then hold them together in ways that illuminate. This, she diagnoses, "is now wildly countercultural. It is inefficient. Its value is not readily quantifiable. Its utility is intangible.
Lisa Kleypas, Blue-Eyed Devil|Oh, for God's sake," I said. "Just give me the stupid thing." I took the panic button and stuck it into my Super Sexy Miracle Bra. "GPS," Ranger said to Morelli. "Probably I can find her breast without it," Morelli said. "But it's good to know there's a navigational system on board if I need it.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea|Relationship Time to Aloneness." Having a companion fixes you in time and that of the present, but when the quality of aloneness settles down, past, present and future all flow together. A memory, a present event, and a forecast all equally present.
Annie Parisse|In designing the scenery and costumes for any of Shakespeare's plays, the first thing the artist has to settle is the best date for the drama. This should be determined by the general spirit of the play more than by any actual historical references which may occur in it.
Devania Annesya, X: Kenangan yang Berpulang|The first real memory I have, is one of the first times I was old enough to remember being at your house. We must have been about three, maybe four. I came and sat down beside you while you were playing and it’s like, even then, you knew I wasn’t anything special because you just ignored the hell out of me.
Matt Groening|I think more of the little kids from a school in a little village in Niger who get teaching two hours a day, sharing one chair for three of them, and who are very keen to get an education. I have them in my mind all the time. Because I think they need even more help than the people in Athens.
Douglas Wood|Those who believe (in the Qur'an), and those who follow the Jewish (scriptures), and the Christians and the Sabians - any who believe in Allah and the Last Day, and work righteousness, shall have their reward with their Lord; on them shall be no fear, nor shall they grieve.
Janet Evanovich|Babe," Ranger said. "You're looking a little strung out. Is there anything I should know?"I'm on a sugar withdrawal. I've given up desert and it's all I can think about." That had been true five minutes ago. Now that Ranger was standng in front of me I was thinking a cupcake wasn't what I actually needed.Maybe I can help you get your mind off doughnuts," Ranger said.My mouth dropped open, and I think some drool might have dribbled out.
Léia Kiuski, Revelations|Flowers were blooming, withered soon.. Rains kept falling, wasn't forever.. Dogs were barking, just for sometime.. Sun, moon & stars were invisible at times, but they kept watching you.. Let them shine for you, before it’s too late..
Henry Clay|It was Jesus who gave me peace when the shark severed my arm. I trust in Jesus whenever I'm going through a hard time. I see all the beautiful things that have come out of my situation. I'm able to share my story with young girls who have few role models, and I can help others cope with what they have been through.
Nikki Rowe|If you have the understanding to first notice the signs, continue with the courage to follow them.
Roland Barthes, Mourning Diary|We don’t forget, but something vacant settles in us.
ANIKOR Daniel|Once you have woken up from your slumber, help lots more others to be awaken, that is the duty you are here to play and play it well before you exit this earth.
Anita B. Sulser PhD, We Are One|Truth be told, if Islam and the Sixth Mass Extinction continue on their path unhindered, chances are worlds will collide with high casualty rates...
Shilpa Sandesh|I can be patient, but I am not God! Don't take me for granted, or you will spend your life gathering my scattered self!
Joss Whedon|In thinking about 'depressing movies,' many people don't realize that all bad movies are depressing, and no good movies are.
Auliq Ice|It's hard to imagine, seeing all of us breathing yet one day each of us shall be gone, leaving memories.
William Howard Taft|Unless education promotes character making, unless it helps men to be more moral, more just to their fellows, more law abiding, more discriminatingly patriotic and public spirited, it is not worth the trouble taken to furnish it.
Cynthia Hand, Unearthly|Are you any good at it?""Pulling idiots out of the snow? I'm the best.
Alice McCall, Wellness Wisdom - Inspired by One Woman's Journey with Breast Cancer|Writing and drawing are very therapeutic, but they are also an excellent manifestation tool. I teach my clients to draw what they want, or to write a story about it to bring the manifestation forward into the present.
Richard Leakey|The abuse dies in a day, but the denial slays the life of the people, and entombs the hope of the race.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Greatness lies not in high or outstanding ability. It lies simply in the willingness to use what we have for others. The greater the `other people` dimension, the greater our personal `greatness`.
Marya Schechtman, Staying Alive: Personal Identity, Practical Concerns, and the Unity of a Life|31. The human body seems indestructible when we are young. However, it is incredibly fragile and must be care for if it is to serve us for a lifetime. Too often, the abuse it takes during early years (from drugs, improper nutrition, sporting injuries, etc.) becomes painful handicaps during later years.
Bryan Stevenson, Just Mercy: A Story of Justice and Redemption|Mercy is just when it is rooted in hopefulness and freely given. Mercy is most empowering, liberating, and transformative when it is directed at the undeserving. The people who haven’t earned it, who haven’t even sought it, are the most meaningful recipients of our compassion.
Bill Konigsberg, Openly Straight|Having no room of my own to "take care of things" had begun to weigh on me. I wondered if storing up semen would have a health impact on me, positive or negative, like shinier hair or weight gain.
Amit Kalantri|The function of a heart is to keep the body alive, I genuinely believe it is mind which takes care of everything else.
Deyth Banger, It's not a happy|I didn't want to be an immigrant. I was forced to be an immigrant. Alexis de Tocqueville, the French writer, said that the powerful and the happy never go into exile. He was right.
Nikki Rowe|If they criticise you before they cheer you on, they are not your people. Simple.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Speakers, coaches, consultants, thought-leaders, experts, and authors who dedicate their professional lives for the love of humanity and the betterment of society are making a positive difference in the lives of millions. These messengers of hope make our entire world a better place through their love and generosity.
Marianne Williamson|The highest prize we can receive for creative work is the joy of being creative. Creative effort spent for any other reason than the joy of being in that light filled space, love, god, whatever we want to call it, is lacking in integrity. . .
John Ortberg, God Is Closer Than You Think: If God Is Always with Us, Why Is He So Hard to Find?|We all have our pasts and baggage, Mimi. It’s our decision whether they fuck with our future.
Ainun Annisa|No need to be worry what will happened in the future, just live it.
Brandon Sanderson, Warbreaker|There was a time when his father had looked like gold to him. Many of his seniors had looked like gold. Anybody who had attained a certain high level of education had looked like gold. Therefore, his own gold plating had been all the more painful, and he had been impatient to become solid gold himself. But once his keen eye penetrated directly to the inner layers of these other people, his efforts suddenly came to seem foolish.
T.J. Klune, Tell Me It's Real|You really are a pain in the ass,” he laughs. I swat him playfully, laughing too as a single tear rolls down my cheek. He wipes it away and tucks my hair behind my ear, “But you’re my pain in the ass.
Rebecca MacKinnon|If they lose their legal basis for owning a .cn domain, google.cn would cease to exist, or if it continued to exist, it would be illegal, and doing anything blatantly illegal in China puts their employees at serious risk.
Kristen Schaal|I lean toward anything with a dark sense of humor. And since I've been out of school, the majority of my books have been contemporary; basically, I like my characters to have electricity - even better, a TV.
Joel N. Ross, The Lost Compass|Loretta started belting out a song: “Row, row, row your boat, sitting in a tree! K-I-S-S-I-N-G !
Don Rickles|I don't care what other people think as long as I am happy. The day I die or retire, I have blown all my chances because I don't have the chance any more to change my image as an F1 driver.
Terry Pratchett, Unseen Academicals|The female mind is certainly a devious one, my lord." Vetinari looked at his secretary in surprise. "Well, of course it is. It has to deal with the male one.
Sebastian Gorka, Defeating Jihad: The Winnable War|Every American should own a Koran. There are no excuses. Every day you can switch on the television or the radio or open a newspaper and hear or read pronouncements about what Islam is and“what the Koran says. Most of it is wrong—very wrong. You owe it to yourself, your family, and all the Americans killed on 9/11 and since to know the truth. Do not take anyone’s word for it. Find out for yourself by reading the actual Koran. One of the most reliable and recognized versions is the The Holy Qur’an: Text, Translation and Commentary translated by Abdullah Yusuf Ali. Once you have a Koran and start to read it, take care to note the enormous differences between the half reportedly communicated to Mohammed in the beginning in Mecca, when he was weak and without followers, and the latter half, allegedly written after he returned from Medina with thousands of followers, the leader of a mighty military force. It is the post-Medina chapters of the Koran that are naturally favored by groups like Al Qaeda and the Islamic State. They are not in fact perverting religious texts but skillfully applying those alleged revelations that best support their cause.
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|It is only through silence that truth can be said, because it is only through silence that the truth is heard.
Marie Anzalone, Peregrintaing North-South Compass Points: Poems in English and Spanish|My anger is like some rudimentary, single-celled beast, an exploding virus of fury that paralyses rational thought and blinds me to everything except one single goal...
John Steinbeck, Sweet Thursday|I live alone," he said simply. "I live in the open. I hear the waves at night and see the black patterns of the pine boughs against the sky. With sound and silence and color and solitude, of course I see visions. Anyone would.""But you don't believe in them?" Doc asked hopefully."I don't find it a matter for belief or disbelief," the seer said. "You've seen the sun flatten and take strange shapes just before it sinks into the ocean. Do you have to tell yourself everytime that it's an illusion caused by atmospheric dust and light distorted by the sea, or do you simply enjoy the beauty of it? Don't you see visions?""No," said Doc.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Regard your soldiers as your children, and they will follow you into the deepest valleys; look upon them as your own beloved sons, and they will stand by you even unto death.
Jedediah Purdy, A Tolerable Anarchy: Rebels, Reactionaries, and the Making of American Freedom|Take a step back to recall the story that this book tells, and consider how it might come to a very unhappy ending. Imagine the history our disappointed descendants might write. For centuries, the moral teachings of a civilization held self—interest and self-trust to be the sins of frail and deluded humanity. These traditional teachings denied that societies could discern distinct and viable principles of order and design their own institutions accordingly. The denounced such efforts as doomed hubris. Then, in an unprecedented experiment, some people rejected the old wisdom. They took the heart’s desire and the body’s appetite as compass points and rededicated human ingenuity to serving them. They created new forms of order to house these inverted values. For a time, the experiment succeeded, changing life so dramatically that the utopian visions of one century became the pedestrian common sense of the next.Then, suddenly and drastically, the experiment failed. Self-interest and self-trust proved to be formulas for devastating the world. Democratic polities, the other moral center of the great experiment, could not stop runaway self-destruction and turned out to abet it instead. Faced with overwhelming evidence that they were on an unsustainable course, the freedom-loving peoples of the twenty-first century wrung their hands, congratulated themselves on their hybrid cars and locally grown food, and changed little, because it never made sense for anyone or any country to do so.
Robert Jackson Bennett, The Troupe|According to Hannah, real life just happens, whereas stories make sense. When you put real life in print, she says, you show it up for the pointless mess it really is.
Daniel C. Dennett, Consciousness Explained|Our fundamental tactic of self-protection, self-control, and self-definition is not spinning webs or building dams, but telling stories, and more particularly connecting and controlling the story we tell others - and ourselves - about who we are.
Adhish Mazumder|A man in his early prime contemplates on life, shattered by the distortions of society he gazes ahead in time. There were vows of happiness and fairy tale beginnings. Now there is nothing of that sort; now there is nothing that started the tales so bright. It's after all this while that he understands why fairy tales begin with 'once upon a time'...
C. JoyBell C.|Sometimes you want to stay with someone, not only because it's magic and it's promising and it feels like home; but sometimes you find someone and you want to stay with him (or her)—because you're the same kind of animal.
Kenneth Eade, An Involuntary Spy|Genetic engineering was messy. To force a sequence of foreign DNA into a plant, you couldn’t just snip the desired gene from the bacteria and sew it on to the plant’s DNA sequence like an old woman working on a quilt.
Murasaki Shikibu|Isn't it true that a pleasant house makes winter more poetic, and doesn't winter add to the poetry of a house?
Jess C. Scott, Master & Servant|Adrian had always found it amusing that a guy could be drilling Stacia up her ass while she considered herself to be a virgin. Her intent had been to present herself as such when she found "Mr. Right.
Maya Angelou|Different people have different opinions, and it's okay to respect all of them.
Vincent Bugliosi|Things happened there that I don't think are the finest hours for anybody, whether it was a journalist, the legal system or, in that case of the political system, who would say that was an example of when Washington worked best.
Antonio Gramsci, Selections from the Prison Notebooks|Ideas and opinions are not spontaneously "born" in each individual brain: they have had a centre of formation, or irradiation, of dissemination, of persuasion-a group of men, or a single individual even, which has developed them and presented them in the political form of current reality.
David Hume, A Treatise of Human Nature|Reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions, and can never pretend to any other office than to serve and obey them.
Philippe Petit|I was a 16-year-old girl at one point, so of course I wrote poetry.
Allen Klein|I could not tread these perilous paths in safety, if I did not keep a saving sense of humor.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Whether you smile to make a great first impression for customer service, building rapport, communicating your intentions, networking, sharing your happiness, closing deals, or demonstrating you are fully present and engaged, smiling is the key to your success.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Brothers the bible never says that you should live with your mother, it says leave your mother and father and unite with your wife.
Dan Abnett, Hereticus|October: This is one of the peculiarly dangerous months to speculate in stocks. The others are July, January, September, April, November, May, March, June, December, August and February.
Henry Cloud, Boundaries for Leaders: Results, Relationships, and Being Ridiculously in Charge|When leaders lead in ways that people’s brains can follow, good results follow as well.
Marcus Garvey|Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
Han Kang, Human Acts|Some memories never heal. Rather than fading with the passage of time, those memories become the only things that are left behind when all else is abraded. The world darkens, like electric bulbs going out one by one. I am aware that I am not a safe person.
Emily Dickinson|He was dead.No trace of pain, no sufferings, no victimization.
Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian|My grandmother's last act on earth was a call for forgiveness, love, and tolerance.
Thomas C. Oden, Corrective Love: The Power of Communion Discipline|A delicate balance is required: keep the penitent tautly close to the point of recognizing sin, and then allow the relief of that pressure to flow through forgiveness. Confession increases this tautness, only to clear the path for release.
Marcel Proust|For in this world of ours where everything withers, everything perishes, there is a thing that decays, that crumbles into dust even more completely, leaving behind still fewer traces of itself, than beauty: namely grief.
Vance Havner|A soft and sheltered Christianity, afraid to be lean and lone, unwilling to face the storms and brave the heights, will end up fat and foul in the cages of conformity.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|My rather arrogant attitude deludes me into believing that my ability to understand something is the criteria for its legitimacy. And if there’s one thing in my life that I don’t understand yet I allow to be legitimate, thinking this way would most certainly be it.
Liz Kelly|The largest and most rigorous study that is currently available in this area is the third one commissioned by the British Home Office (Kelly, Lovett, & Regan, 2005). The analysis was based on the 2,643 sexual assault cases (where the outcome was known) that were reported to British police over a 15-year period of time. Of these, 8% were classified by the police department as false reports. Yet the researchers noted that some of these classifications were based simply on the personal judgments of the police investigators, based on the victim’s mental illness, inconsistent statements, drinking or drug use. These classifications were thus made in violation of the explicit policies of their own police agencies. There searchers therefore supplemented the information contained in the police files by collecting many different types of additional data, including: reports from forensic examiners, questionnaires completed by police investigators, interviews with victims and victim service providers, and content analyses of the statements made by victims and witnesses. They then proceeded to evaluate each case using the official criteria for establishing a false allegation, which was that there must be either “a clear and credible admission by the complainant” or “strong evidential grounds” (Kelly, Lovett, & Regan,2005). On the basis of this analysis, the percentage of false reports dropped to 2.5%."Lonsway, Kimberly A., Joanne Archambault, and David Lisak. "False reports: Moving beyond the issue to successfully investigate and prosecute non-stranger sexual assault." The Voice 3.1 (2009): 1-11.
Lauren Groff, Arcadia|I'll tell you this much. Men think memories are like murals or statues or truth or whatever happened, never changes none. But that ain't so. They can capture the untruth of something, just as easy. They can change, especially as time leads to time.(...)To each man himself, his memories seems as solid and factual as a stone mosaic, an urn he could turn around and heft, a flower he could sniff. But when I go inside another, I don't see it or feel it like that. Everything is shimmery, shifting, like it's bathed in mist and shadow, like... like walking down the foggiest street you can think of, with everything looking not like itself at all.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|A shared table is the supreme expression of hospitality in every culture on earth. When your worn-out kitchen table hosts good people and good conversation, when it provides a safe place to break bread and share wine, your house becomes a sanctuary, holy as a cathedral. I've left a friend's table as sanctified and renewed as any church service. If you have a porch, then you have an altar to gather around.
Chris Christie|In many ways, Mitt Romney and I are very different. Different starts in life. Different paths to leadership. Different cultures.
Jamie Farrell, Matched|Smoke hung heavy in the air. Will’s eyes stung. His throat.His nose. And the crackling. God, the crackling fire was like the devil laughing.Vera was in that house.Mikey gripped his arm. “Hold on, Will—”Will lunged forward. “Vera—”“Whoa, Will.” Mikey’s grip tightened. “Stop.”“The hell I will. Vera—”“Billy?” One of the cops approached him. Said a bunch ofwords. Helped Mikey hold Will back.Vera was in that house.Vera, her trusty wooden body, her frets, her new strings. Vera,who’d had his back everywhere from Pickleberry Springs toNashville to New York to LA, from seedy bars to stadiums.Vera, who’d helped him write his first song. His last song.Every song in between.
Adrienne Rich, On Lies, Secrets, and Silence: Selected Prose, 1966-1978|Feminism means finally that we renounce our obedience to the fathers and recognise that the world they have described is not the whole world. Masculine ideologies are the creation of masculine subjectivity; they are neither objective, nor value-free, nor inclusively "human." Feminism implies that we recognise for us, the distortion, of male-created ideologies, and that we proceed to think, and act, out of that recognition.
Kishore Bansal|And it seemed at last that there were two musics progressing at one time before the seat of Ilúvatar, and they were utterly at variance. The one was deep and wide ad beautiful, but slow and blended with an immeasurable sorrow from which its beauty chiefly came.
Glenn Howerton|And I strongly believe people should rescue dogs, or, at the very least, listen to Bob Barker and have your pet spayed or neutered.
Randa Abdel-Fattah, Does My Head Look Big In This?|I just don't know what I'd do without a brain, Simone!" I say. "I mean, what's a person without one?
Paulo Coelho|We should know that faith is a gift of God, and that it may not be given to men, except it be graciously. Thus, indeed, all the good which we have is of God; and accordingly, when God rewardeth a good work of man, he crowneth his own gift.
Ben Sherwood|We chase wild dreams and long for all that eludes us, when the greatest joys are within our grasp, if we can only recognize them.
Gary Parker|Deep under our feet the Earth holds its molten breath, while the bones of countless generations watch us and wait.
Richard Bach, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah|But one creature said at last, "I am tired of clinging. Though I cannot see it with my eyes, I trust that the current knows where it is going. I shall let go, and let it take me where it will. Clinging, I shall die of boredom.
Hans Urs von Balthasar, Prayer|We do not build the kingdom of God on earth by our own efforts (however assisted by grace); the most we can do through genuine prayer, is to make as much room as possible, in ourselves and in the world, for the kingdom of God, so that its energies can go to work. All that we can show our contemporaries of the reality of God springs from contemplation: Jesus Christ, the Church, our own selves.
Christina Rossetti|when we finally know we are dying, and all other sentient beings are dying with us, we start to have a burning, almost heartbreaking sense of the fragility and preciousness of each moment and each being, and from this can grow a deep, clear, limitless compassion for all beings.
Debasish Mridha|Always be grateful for life, love, and joy.
Anna  Bennett, My Brown-Eyed Earl|There was no denying it; his wicked words thrilled her. Like a feather slowly brushing over her bare skin, they teased and tantalized, awakening every inch of her body.
Angie karan|Every single person is gifted. Every single person has an amazing thing and an amazing perspective to offer life! It is inherent in every single person, in each and everyone of us! We ALL have GREATNESS within us! Greatness is every person's venue and birthright, and we have something amazing to offer the world and society. And that is our authentic awesome self. The world needs this now, more than ever!﻿
Eva Green|School is where children spend most of their time, and it is where we lay the foundation for healthy habits. That's why New Jersey is the first state to adopt a comprehensive school nutrition policy that bans candy, soda, and other junk food.
S.A. Tawks, Mule|Kayleigh was right. Without the pills, you really do feel nothing.And nothing can be nice.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To properly invest your time, first find out your calling.
Walter M. Miller Jr., Saint Leibowitz and the Wild Horse Woman|M'Lord, I know from history that once upon a time in a much earlier Church, a vocation to the priesthood meant a call from the bishop, not necessarily a call from God. And I heard the Bishop of Rome himself call you to be that which you have now become by ordination and consecration.
Taylor Swift|You know, I went out on a normal amount of dates in my early 20s, and I got absolutely slaughtered for it. And it took a lot of hard work and altering my decision-making. I didn’t date for two and a half years. Should I have had to do that? No.
John Williams, Stoner|It was a passion neither of the mind nor of the heart, it was a force that comprehended them both, as if they were but the matter of love, its specific substance.
Harriet Ann Jacobs|In the Spring, I have counted 136 different kinds of weather inside of 24 hours.
Lauren Kate|.. I suffered with you. I hurt with you. I bled with you -not only because we're bonded, but because the love I have for you." ~ Eric Northman in Dead in The Family.
Yarro Rai|Once a partner has begun to lose interest, there is apparently little the other can do to arrest the process. Like seduction, withdrawal suffers under a blanket of reticence. The very breakdown of communication is hard to discuss, unless both parties have a desire to see it restored. This leaves the lover in a desperate situation. Honest dialogue seems to produce only irritation and smothers love in the attempt to revive it. Desperate to woo the partner back at any cost, the lover might at this point be tempted to turn to romantic terrorism, the product of irredeemable situations, a gamut of tricks (sulking, jealousy, guilt) that attempt to force the partner to return love, by blowing up (in fits of tears, rage or otherwise) in front of the loved one. The terroristic partner knows he cannot realistically hope to see his love reciprocated, but the futility of something is not always (in love or in politics) a sufficient argument against it. Certain things are said not because they will be heard, but because it is important to speak.
Dada Bhagwan|The worldly life [the relative] means 'superfluous'. Instead of superfluous, people believe it to be real (of nischaya) and then they even say, ‘this is indeed the way it should be, that is indeed the way it should be done.
Ken Wilber|I have one major rule: Everybody is right. More specifically, everybody — including me — has some important pieces of truth, and all of those pieces need to be honored, cherished, and included in a more gracious, spacious, and compassionate embrace.
Anthony Liccione|Everyone needs a house to live in, but a supportive family is what builds a home.
Abraham Lincoln|Take all that you can of this book upon reason, and the balance on faith, and you will live and die a happier man. (When a skeptic expressed surprise to see him reading a Bible)
Alice Hoffman, Here on Earth|When all is said and done, the weather and love are the two elements about which one can never be sure.
Pamela H. Hansen|The life of the cenobite is a human problem. When we speak of convents, those seats of error but innocence, of mistaken views but good intentions, of ignorance but devotion, of torment but martyrdom, we must nearly always say yes or no...The monastery is a renunciation. Self-sacrifice, even when misdirected, is still self-sacrifice. To assume as duty a strict error has its peculiar grandeur.
George Gordon Byron|But what is Hope? Nothing but the paint on the face of Existence; the least touch of truth rubs it off, and then we see what a hollow-cheeked harlot we have got hold of.
Caroline Leavitt|We need to give the Iraqis a chance to build their own future. It should be in their hands. It must be in their hands. That is what democracy is all about. We can teach it, we can explain it, but they must want it enough to make it work for them.
Friedrich Nietzsche|One ought to hold on to one's heart; for if one lets it go, one soon loses control of the head too.
Jane Hamilton, The Book of Ruth|I have given up on speech with the Rev; there is no use explaining that you have to learn where your pain is. You have to burrow down and find the wound, and if the burden of it is too terrible to shoulder you have to shout it out; you have to shout for help. My trust, even down in that dark place I carry, is that some person will come running. And then finally the way through grief is grieving.
De Robigne Mortimer Bennett, Truth Seeker Tracts Upon a Variety of Subjects, by Different Authors|When people start talking about Right and Left, they stop talking about right and wrong.
Preethi Venugopala, Without You|I relived those memories repeatedly until I could breathe in his presence all around. The thought that I had lost him forever was a constant dull pain. May be poets had it right. Love was pain in disguise. I revered it, as there was pleasure in that pain.
Hilaire Belloc|Prior to penicillin and medical research, death was an everyday occurrence. It was intimate.
Ashlee Willis, A Wish Made of Glass|Yet something else trickles in between the cracks of this despairing thought. The hope of something to fill that emptiness. The hope that, perhaps, I have found it already. And suddenly hope is a thing alive, soaring in me. Its wings beat against my ribs, wild with the promise of joy.
Edward Said, Culture and Imperialism|No one today is purely one thing. Labels like Indian, or woman, or Muslim, or American are not more than starting-points, which if followed into actual experience for only a moment are quickly left behind. Imperialism consolidated the mixture of cultures and identities on a global scale. But its worst and most paradoxical gift was to allow people to believe that they were only, mainly, exclusively, white, or Black, or Western, or Oriental. Yet just as human beings make their own history, they also make their cultures and ethnic identities. No one can deny the persisting continuities of long traditions, sustained habitations, national languages, and cultural geographies, but there seems no reason except fear and prejudice to keep insisting on their separation and distinctiveness, as if that was all human life was about. Survival in fact is about the connections between things; in Eliot’s phrase, reality cannot be deprived of the “other echoes [that] inhabit the garden.” It is more rewarding - and more difficult - to think concretely and sympathetically, contrapuntally, about others than only about “us.” But this also means not trying to rule others, not trying to classify them or put them in hierarchies, above all, not constantly reiterating how “our” culture or country is number one (or not number one, for that matter).
Nikos Kazantzakis|You bad birds,But God shall not punish you, youShall be with us in heaven, though lessConscious of your happiness, perhaps, than we.Hell is a not quite satisfactory heaven, probably,But you are the fruit and jewelsOf my arrangement . . .
Walter Ulbricht|Currently, only 70 percent of our high school students earn diplomas with their peers, and less than one-third of our high school students graduate prepared for success in a four-year college.
Israelmore Ayivor|The fact that you have access to the microphone doesn't mean you know everything. There are others listening to you, who know more things than you do, but do not have access to the platform to say it.
Vironika Tugaleva|They say, "Look before you leap." So look. But do not look for too long. Do not look into the void of uncertainty trying to predict each and every possible outcome, to evaluate every possible mistake, to prevent each possible failure. Look for the opportunity to leap, and leap faster than your fear can grab you. Leap before you talk yourself out of it, before you convince yourself to set up a temporary camp that turns into a permanent delay on your journey into your own heart.
Tina Packer, Women of Will: Following the Feminine in Shakespeare's Plays|The form of association, however, which if mankind continue to improve, must be expected in the end to predominate, is not that which can exist between a capitalist as chief, and work-people without a voice in the management, but the association of the labourers themselves on terms of equality, collectively owning the capital with which they carry on their operations, and working under managers elected and removable by themselves.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Sow wisdom today, and you will reap success tomorrow.
Katrine Marçal, Who Cooked Adam Smith's Dinner?: A Story About Women and Economics|Actually, the idea of economic man is an efficient way of excluding women. We have historically allocated women certain activities and said that she must do them because she is a woman. Then we create an economic theory that states that these activities have no economic meaning.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|The day will bring hope for me," said Aragorn. "Is it not said that no foe has ever taken the Hornburg, if men defended it?""So the minstrels say," said Éomer."Then let us defend it, and hope!
Lucy Stone|As the French say, there are three sexes - men, women, and clergymen.
Susan Lendroth|I've never understood the desire for books with matched bindings. You don't go through life looking for sets of matched people, and books are just as individual.
Colette|Put down everything that comes into your head and then you're a writer. But an author is one who can judge his own stuff's worth, without pity, and destroy most of it.", 1964)
