Ruth Rendell|I think to be driven to want to kill must be such a terrible burden".
Erik Estrada|I went to Catholic school throughout my whole academic life. In fact, my children - my husband and I and our children in my own family now have over 100 years of Catholic education among us.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|Mythology is a set of primitive lies that people rarely believe. This is rather different from history, which is a set of lies that people believe.
Michael Erard, Babel No More: The Search for the World's Most Extraordinary Language Learners|Why are there more male hyperpolyglots? One answer is that speaking a lot of languages is a geek macho thing (...) It seemed that a woman is less likely to say she "speaks" or "knows" a language if she studied it at some point in the past, while a man, wanting to display his giant repertoire, would include it.
Michael  Phelps|So many people along the way,whatever it is you aspire to do, will tell you it can't be done. But it all it takes is imagination. You dream. You plan. You reach. There will be obstacles. There will doubters. There will be mistakes. But with hard work, with belief, with confidence and trust in yourself and those around you, there no limits,
Sunday Adelaja|A person who knows spiritual principles will walk confidently in God’s path, to fulfil what God has already planned to do
Friedrich Nietzsche|The thing itself, the first thing, will never do us alone, we must be elaborating, improving, poeticising.
Dan Thompson, Following Whispers: Walking on the Rooftop of the World in Nepal's Himalayas|Travel is the discovery of truth; an affirmation of the promise that human kind is far more beautiful than it is flawed. With each trip comes a new optimism that where there is despair and hardship, there are ideas and people just waiting to be energized, to be empowered, to make a difference for good.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|Rohan, one of us is an unmarried man with superior mathematical abilities and no prospects for the evening. The other is a confirmed lecher in an amorous mood, with a willing and nubile young wife waiting at home. Who do you think should do the damned account books?" And, with a nonchalant wave, St. Vincent had left the office.
Jaye Frances, The Kure|All cats are gray in the dark. And besides, her actions have less to do with her, and everything to do with you.
James Pritchert|It's not what you do, but what you appear to do.
Knute Rockne|Men are not punished for their sins, but by them.
Maya Angelou|I liked to write from the time I was about 12 or 13. I loved to read. And since I only spoke to my brother, I would write down my thoughts. And I think I wrote some of the worst poetry west of the Rockies. But by the time I was in my 20s, I found myself writing little essays and more poetry - writing at writing.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Conscious Parenting: Mindful Living Course for Parents|If we wish to have a beautiful, peaceful and safe home, we need healthy expanding roots that go deep into the ground. These roots are our Routine, our Stability, our Structure.
Jill Shalvis|Pru had gotten under his skin, and like her, he wanted more. So much more. He wanted to know her secrets, the ones that sometimes put those shadows in her eyes. He wanted to know what made her tick. And more than anything, he wanted to taste her again.Every inch of her.
Siouxsie Sioux|For me, it was never a question of whether or not I was transgender. It was a question of what I'd be able to handle transitioning and having to do it in the public eye. One of the issues that was hard for me to overcome was the fear of that.
Emma Raveling, Breaking Measures|Death peeked around corners; it winked at her in the mirror then vanished; it hummed along with the radio and then faded away. It wheedled into her mind and her words, leaving a humid vapor around her heart and a thick fuzzy taste on her tongue.
J.J. Snow, Gunship|A beautiful woman belongs to everyone but an ugly one is yours alone” -Gunny Chang, Gunship
E.E. Cummings, Complete Poems, 1904-1962|love being such, or such,the normal corners of your heartwill never guess how muchmy wonderful jealousy is dark
Simon R. Green, Nightingale's Lament|There are any number of magical creatures, mostly female, whose singing can bring about horror and death. Sirens, undines, banshees, Bananarama tribute bands...
C.S. Lewis, Of Other Worlds: Essays and Stories|It dawned on her as she grew older, that fairy tales instilled false hopes in people, and that no white knights existed in this world. The mothers should be well aware of that aspect of reality, so why they fed their daughters with the same crap for centuries baffled her.
George A. Smith|As a civil rights leader, Mrs. King's vision of racial peace and nonviolent social change was a fortifying staple in advancing the civil rights movement.
William Glasser|To be depressed or neurotic is passive. It has happened to all of us; we are its victims, are we have no control over it.
Beem Weeks|The sky, with a single star, would be dark and boring. A million stars in the firmament makes for something wondrous and bright.
Adam Snowflake|So always avoid banality. That is, avoid illustrating the author's words and remarks. If you want to create a true masterpiece you must always avoid beautiful lies: the truths on the calender under each date you find a proverb or saying such as: "He who is good to others will be happy." But this is not true. It is a lie. The spectator, perhaps, is content. The spectator likes easy truths. But we are not there to please or pander to the spectator. We are here to tell the truth.
Will Rogers|The instant formal government is abolished, society begins to act. A general association takes place, and common interest produces common security.
Clare London, True Colors|Sam studied his brother. At one time he thought Frankie had a good head on his shoulders. Sure, he had a temper. And he was conceited. But he always used common sense. But now he wasn’t so sure if that were true. He had brought him his lifeless fiancé. Like a dog dragging in a dead rabbit looking for praise.
Milan Kundera, Ignorance|The Greek word for "return" is nostos. Algos means "suffering." So nostalgia is the suffering caused by an unappeased yearning to return.
Meredith Schorr, Just Friends With Benefits|Tess realized one of the great modern dating sadnesses: everyone is so used to the comforting glow of the computer screen that no one can go so far as to say "good morning" in public without being liquored up.
Kay Redfield Jamison, An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness|During Basic, sometimes you're so tired you can't even get up to piss. You're pushed beyond whatever limits you had set for yourself. You realize that your body can do things that you never imagined. But there are times when you don't think you can go on, and that's when your brother is there to lift you up and push you forward. He yells encouragement when the drill sergeant's yelling obscenities. You know that if you're ever caught by the enemy, your brothers will never stop looking for you. If you're hurt they'll help heal you. The Corps is a unit of many, not one, but dozens, thousands even, who have your back. You can smite one Marine, but a thousand will rose up to avenge him.
Alex Morgan|I've thought it would be cool to have a baby young. You know, be my road dog - like my dogs, they travel the world - but there's always something you have to give up for success. Everything comes at a cost. Just what are you willing to pay for it?
Sami Abouzid|I Cried in the Night For Love , my Heart was aching ,she was always on my mind ,day and night I couldn’t stop thinking of her , she was simply my eternal love ,my heart , my soul .
Toni  Jenkins|Wherever you walk, stand or sit, do it with self-confidence and be firmly convinced: I am a singer! Being tentative is one of the deadly theatre sins.
Sheeja Jose, Goodbye Girl|Well, let me try again,' he said. 'If it be true, and no doubt it is, that the proper study of mankind is man, it is also true that man is best studied in the books that he has written about himself; and all books, whatever their subject matter, are in essence autobiographical... Wherefore, it is clear - or is it? - that writers of books are what I have called them, the most fascinating people in the world.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|The more you concentrate on what you discover that you will be good for you to pursue, the more experienced you will be while doing it.
Amit Ray|It's bad enough in life to do without something YOU want; but confound it, what gets my goat is not being able to give somebody something you want THEM to have.
Ovid|Although the gods were in the distant skies,Pythagoras drew near them with his mind;what nature had denied to human sight,he saw with his intellect, his mental eye.When he, with reason and tenacious care,had probed all things, he taught-- to those who gatheredin silence and amazement-- what he'd learnedof the beginnings of the universe,of what caused things to happen, and what istheir nature: what god is, whence come the snows,what is the origin of lightning bolts--whether it is the thundering winds or Jovethat cleave the cloudbanks-- and what is the cause of earthquakes, and what laws control the courseof stars: in sum, whatever had been hid,Pythagoras revealed.
Donna K. Childree|I will look after you and I will look after anybody you say needs to be looked after, any way you say. I am here. I brought my whole self to you. I am your mother.
Aprilynne Pike, Illusions|No - the light in Tamani's eyes was much more than a reflection. It was the fire that melted her anger and devestated her resolve, every single time she saw it.
Edgar Rice Burroughs, A Princess of Mars|And so, in silence, we walked the surface of a dying world, but in the breast of one of us at least had been born that which is ever oldest, yet ever new.I loved Dejah Thoris. The touch of my arm upon her naked shoulder had spoken to me in words I would not mistake, and I knew that I had loved her since the first moment my eyes had met hers that first time in the plaza of the dead city of Korad.
Ray Bradbury, Zen in the Art of Writing|There's no rule for better writing. It's best to make your own rules, and see what works best for you.
Patrick Weekes, The Prophecy Con|The good die when they should live, the evil live when they should die; heroes perish and cowards escape; noble efforts do not succeed because they are noble, and wickedness is consumed in its own nature. Looking at truth is not at first a heartening experience--it becomes so, if at all, only with time, with infinite patience, and with the luck of a little personal happiness.
John McPhee, Encounters with the Archdruid|I'm addicted to the entire planet. I don't want to leave it. I want to get down into it. I want to say hello. On the beach, I could have stopped all day long and looked at those damned shells, looked for all the messages that come not in bottles but in shells...
Noam Chomsky|Will we ever see his like again? It is doubtful. But at least for a brief moment in time we were lucky to have him as one of our own: an English lionheart who was the terror of the continent, who earned the love and respect of everyone who had the privilege to see him in action and above all was a thoroughly decent hero of whom we can be proud. Rest in peace 'Big Dunc'. Your feats will echo in eternity.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|Cats were not and are not tool makers the way humans became toolmakers. They are specifically adapted as obligate carnivores, This means the vegetarian cat is an oxymoron at best and a blatant lie at worst. Cats need meat. The concept of a Garden of Eden would be rather atrocious to them.
Tim Dorsey, Nuclear Jellyfish|First, they set the hook with mind-bending kinky shit. Then a year later you're living in a Talking Heads song, dressed like Teddy Ruxpin, living with a strange woman in a big house full of frilly throw pillows, experiencing the frequency of sex that can only be charted by Halley's Comet. and you're wondering: How did I get here?
Steven Brust, Sethra Lavode|All mountain landscapes hold stories: the ones we read, the ones we dream, and the ones we create.-from the Editor's Note, The Alpinist (April 1, 2010)
Brent Weeks, The Black Prism|Do you know why you feel destined for something greater?” “Why?” Kip asked, quiet, hopeful. “Because you’re an arrogant little shit.
Margaret Laurence, The Stone Angel|I can't change what's happened to me in my life, or make what's not occurred take place. But I can't say I like it, or accept it, or believe it's for the best. I don't and never shall, not even if I'm damned for it.
Shirley Chisholm|Last time I was down South I walked into this restaurant, and this white waitress came up to me and said: 'We don't serve colored people here.' "I said: 'that's all right, I don't eat colored people. Bring me a whole fried chicken.
Victoria Addino|Always strive to aim for the highest peak of the goals in life you have set, this way if you manage to reach even half way toward a goal, landing in the middle is not such a bad place to end up.
Rutger Hauer|Every society, all government, and every kind of civil compact therefore, is or ought to be, calculated for the general good and safety of the community.
Nikki Rowe, Once a Girl, Now a Woman|Feeling the slight tremor of his fingers against her skin, Daisy was emboldened to remark, “I’ve never been attracted to tall men before. But you make me feel—” “If you don’t keep quiet,” he interrupted curtly, “I’m going to strangle you.” Daisy felt silent, listening to the rhythm of his breath as it turned deeper, less controlled. By contrast his fingers became more certain in their task, working along the row of pearls until her dress gaped open and the sleeves slipped from her shoulders. “Where is it?” he asked. “The key?”His tone was deadly. “Yes, Daisy. The key.” “It fell inside my corset. Which means… I’ll have to take that off too.” There was no reaction to the statement, no sound or movement. Daisy twisted to glance at Matthew. He seemed dazed. His eyes looked unnaturally blue against the flush on his face. She realized he was occupied with a savage inner battle to keep from touching her. Feeling hot and prickly with embarrassment, Daisy pulled her arms completely out of her sleeves. She worked the dress over her hips, wriggling out of the filmy white layers, letting them slide to the floor in a heap. Matthew stared at the discarded dress as if it were some kind of exotic fauna he had never seen before. Slowly his eyes returned to Daisy, and an incoherent protest came from his throat as she began to unhook her corset. She felt shy and wicked, undressing in front of him. But she was encouraged by the way he seemed unable to tear his gaze from each newly revealed inch of pale skin. When the last metal hook came apart, she tossed the web of lace and stays to the floor. All that remained over her breasts was a crumpled chemise. The key had dropped into her lap. Closing her fingers around the metal object, she risked a cautious glance at Matthew. His eyes were closed, his forehead scored with furrows of pained concentration. “This isn’t going to happen,” he said, more to himself than to her. Daisy leaned forward to tuck the key into his coat pocket. Gripping the hem of her chemise, she stripped it over her head. A tingling shock chased over her naked upper body. She was so nervous that her teeth had begun to chatter. “I just took my chemise off,” she said. “Don’t you want to look?” “No.” But his eyes had opened, and his gaze found her small, pink-tipped breasts, and the breath hissed through his clenched teeth. He sat without moving, staring at her as she untied his cravat and unbuttoned the layers of his waistcoat and shirt. She blushed everywhere but continued doggedly, rising to her knees to tug the coat from his shoulders. He moved like a dreamer, slowly pulling his arms from the coat sleeves and waistcoat. Daisy pushed his shirt open with awkward determination, her gaze drinking in the sight of his chest and torso. His skin gleamed like heavy satin, stretched taut over broad expanses of muscle. She touched the powerful vault of his ribs, trailing her fingertips to the rippled tautness of his midriff. Suddenly Matthew caught her hand, seemingly undecided whether to push it away or press it closer. Her fingers curled over his. She stared into his dilated blue eyes. “Matthew,” she whispered. “I’m here. I’m yours. I want to do everything you’ve ever imagined doing with me.” He stopped breathing. His will foundered and collapsed, and suddenly nothing mattered except the demands of a desire that had been denied too long. With a rough groan of surrender, he lifted her onto his lap.
Virginia H. Pearce, A Heart Like His: Making Space for God's Love in Your Life|AUNT SHADIE:I see you - and don't worry, you're not white.ROSE:I'm pretty sure I'm white. I'm English.AUNT SHADIE:White is blindness - it has nothing to do with the colour of your skin.
Isaac Asimov, The Tyrannosaurus Prescription and 100 Other Essays|A snake must be treated as a snake, forgiving it every time it showed you its fangs, will not transform into a garland of flowers.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|Being a good mother, it seemed to me, meant you ran the risk of losing your child.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Bravery is not found in getting knocked down. Rather, bravery is found is getting back up knowing that you’re going to get knocked down again.
Portia de Rossi, Unbearable Lightness: A Story of Loss and Gain|Lovers, forget your love,And list the love of these,She a window flower,And he a winter breeze.
Franz Kafka, Diaries of Franz Kafka|This tremendous world I have inside of me. How to free myself, and this world, without tearing myself to pieces. And rather tear myself to a thousand pieces than be buried with this world within me.
Debasish Mridha|There is only one purpose in life, which is happiness. We attain happiness by serving others with love and kindness.
M. Keep, Theodora's Descent|Insects crawled across my skin, legs skittering across my flesh, numbed paths of cold left in their wake. They were the creatures that heralded my ghosts, and I knew them well, yet the revulsion they caused in those moments far exceeded anything I’d felt before.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whatever you have in mind do, for the Lord is with you.
Habeeb Adeokun|What is success? Success isn't about making shit loads of money, success is having the balls to follow your dreams through and making it a reality, it does not matter if you make money or not.
Karen McDougal|Some people know that they are so adorable looking, all they have to do is smile and dress up and they get plenty from that. Then there are some of us who, early on, see that that doesn't work. So we joke about it.
Nora Roberts, Daring to Dream|Earrings are like orgasms. You can never have too many."  " I never thought about it quite that way."  Well, you're a man. " She gave his knee a friendly pat.
John Piper, The Passion of Jesus Christ|The only answer in these modern times, as in all other times, is the blood of Christ. When our conscience rises up and condemns us, where will we turn? We turn to Christ. We turn to the suffering and death of Christ—the blood of Christ. This is the only cleansing agent in the universe that can give the conscience relief in life and peace in death.
Amy Tan, The Valley of Amazement|Our love would be solace, companionship, and the mending of wounds.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Jesus Christ, the holy Saviour is the Great Physician of Souls.
Dora J. Arod, Love quotes for the ages. And the ageless sages.|The noise distorts the truth but we can break through, we need to base our foundation upon the Rock.
King Samuel Benson|The only thing in life that matters is the moment, not the past, not the future, just what you do can with the moment you have. Think of how many moments you have wasted, thinking and not doing, contemplating and not doing, sulking and not doing. Do something with your moment!
Ike Skelton|The physician's highest calling, his only calling, is to make sick people healthy - to heal, as it is termed.
Larry Beinhart, The Librarian|IT IS A KNOWING. YOU BEHAVE LIKE THAT BECAUSE OF AN INFORMATION YOU HAVE. I WILL BEHAVE LIKE YOU IF I HAD THAT INFORMATION.In the beginning was the INFORMATION, and the INFORMATION was with God, and the INFORMATION was God.The same was in the beginning with God.All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that was made.In him was life; and the life was the light of men.And the light shineth in darkness; and the darkness comprehended it not.
William Zemba|We are not living in the land of the living and going to the land of the dying, but rather, we are living in the land of the dying and going to the land of the living.
Jim Butcher, Grave Peril|We have now left Reason and Sanity Junction. Next stop, Looneyville.
Debasish Mridha|To illuminate the world, let your love shine like the morning sun.
Charles Pellegrino, Dust|Historically, the Germans had a habit of associating the names of objects with the sounds they made. After bell makers-turned-cannon-makers learned that by closing off the mouth of the cannon before lighting the fuse, the entire cannon could be made to explode, the device they invented became known as the 'bum' (for boom!). In keeping with this tradition, the first one-thousand-pound bomb was dubbed 'ein laussen bum' (meaning, "a loud boom"). After the first atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima, they called the fission device 'ein grossen laussen bum' (or, "a big loud boom"). The next obvious step was the fusion, or H-bomb, which was pronounced 'ein grossen laussen bum all ist kaput!
Zeeshan Ahmed|If you were to stare at this box of matches, you could extract entire worlds out of it. If you search for tastes in a book, you will certainly find them because it was said: seek and ye shall find. But a critic should not rifle, search. Let him sit back with folded arms, waiting for the book to find him. Talents should not be sought with a microscope, a talent should let people know about itself by striking at all the bells.
Jojo Moyes, The Girl You Left Behind|As long as you're around, your life is too. So just as you shower love and affection and attention on the husbands, wives, parents, children and forever friends who surround you, you have to do so equally with your life, because it's yours, it's you, and it's always there rooting for you, cheering you on, even when you feel like you can't do it. I gave up on my life for a while, but what I've learned is that even when that happens and especially when that happens, life never gives up on you. Mine didn't. And we'll be there for each other until those final moments when we will look at each other and say, 'Thanks for staying until the end.'And that's the truth.
Debasish Mridha|You will make the world a magnificent place with the magic of your kindness, beauty, peace, and happiness.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Drama don't arrive by surprise; it is summoned, undisguised.
Debasish Mridha|To live a great life, focus and do what makes you happy.
Josh Zuckerman|Filmmaking is a completely imperfect art form that takes years and, over those years, the movie tells you what it is. Mistakes happen, accidents happen and true great films are the results of those mistakes and the decisions that those directors make during those moments.
Gyomay M. Kubose, Everyday Suchness: Buddhist Essays on Everyday Living|For me, Buddhism is like a living organism. If it is to flourish outside self-enclosed ghettos of believers, it will have to meet the challenge of understanding, interacting with, and adapting to an environment that is strikingly different from those in which it has evolved.
Misty Copeland|There were times when chemo would eat my body, but I told myself that I have the strength and courage to win and come out stronger.
Wolfgang Puck|If you are a girl dressing up in the morning thinking about the whole world having a point of view on what you are wearing, it takes the pleasure out of getting dressed.
Gloria Ng, Cloth Diapering Made Easy|What makes somebody nice or unpleasant to be around is the way they communicate. When people are fucked up, their communication is fucked up.
Avijeet Das|And what did the North Star tell the Moon last night? He said "I love you!
George E. Sargent, The Story Of Charles Ogilvie|We have preserved the book, and the book has preserved us.
Sachin Kundalkar, Cobalt Blue|I have only men like you n novels, men who lived their own idiosyncrasies.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|O my love, my wife!Death, that hath suck'd the honey of thy breathHath had no power yet upon thy beauty.
Jane Stanton Hitchcock, Mortal Friends|Was it possible to do both, to contribute to the world while merely observing it? To be content in the moment, but plan for the future? Could you follow your heart without losing all common sense?
Horace, The Odes of Horace|The strongest man is the one who, when he gets angry and his face reddens and his hackles rise, is able to defeat his anger.(Reported by Imaam Ahmad, 5/367, and classified as hasan in Saheeh al-Jaami’, 3859)
Charles Emmerson, 1913: In Search of the World Before the Great War|The benefit of such horizontal interactions - people sharing knowledge across fields - is that it encourages conceptual blending, which is an extremely important part of the insight process.
Cherise Sinclair, To Command and Collar|That’s means you’re mine. Mine to care for.” He ran his thumb over her full lower lip. “Mine to fuck.” He leaned forward, his mouth an inch from hers. “And mine to protect. Don’t forget that.” Zander deVries
Drew Houston|I used to have this Mercedes, a dark blue 450SLC, which was the most beautiful car. I'd like to have another unusual, beautiful car.
Ron Barrow|Today is filled with solutions, be positive and enthusiastic at ALL times. Why worry or live in fear, it will probably never happen!
Carole Carlton, Mrs Darley's Pagan Whispers: A Celebration of Pagan Festivals, Sacred Days, Spirituality and Traditions of the Year|God doesn't stop crisis from coming, as He didn't stop Christ from coming. Things have their reasons for happening, we need not to faint, but rather have faith that we are never alone.
Abraham Grace Merritt, Masters of Horror|We strike our blow, even as Pierre has said. We strike at the coppice that you so desire. We strike there because it is the very heart of the forest. There the secret life of the forest runs at full tide. We know - and you know! Something that, destroyed, will take the heart out of the forest - will make it know us for its masters."("Women Of The Woods")
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|I never stopped loving you, Ronnie. And I never stopped thinking about you. Even if summers do come to an end.
M. Stanton Evans|One of my most memorable Thanksgiving memories was probably the first year that me and my two brothers decided to start our annual eating contest. We ate throughout the whole day. We started that morning and weighed ourselves, and at the very end of the night, we weighed ourselves out. And all three of us equally gained five pounds.
Josiah Bancroft, Senlin Ascends|But that is the way we are made: we don't reason, where we feel; we just feel.
Mark Twain|It is not that I believe that there are too many idiots in this world, just that lightning isn't distributed right.
Vironika Tugaleva|If you find yourself craving approval, you are low on self-love. Stop grasping for a few scraps wherever you can. Go home and make yourself a feast. Love yourself deeply today.
Debbie Moon|It was gentler here, softer, its seethe the quietest of whispers, as if, in deference to a drawing room, it had quite deliberately put on its 'manners'; it kept itself out of sight, obliterated itself, but distinctly with an air of saying, 'Ah, but just wait! Wait till we are alone together! Then I will begin to tell you something new! Something white! something cold! something sleepy! something of cease, and peace, and the long bright curve of space! Tell them to go away. Banish them. Refuse to speak. Leave them, go upstairs to your room, turn out the light and get into bed - I will go with you, I will be waiting for you, I will tell you a better story than Little Kay of the Skates, or The Snow Ghost - I will surround your bed, I will close the windows, pile a deep drift against the door, so that none will ever again be able to enter. Speak to them!...' It seemed as if the little hissing voice came from a slow white spiral of falling flakes in the corner by the front window - but he could not be sure.("Silent Snow, Secret Snow")
Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly, Les Diaboliques|Noc knew that his girlfriend was better as he got to the door of Kay’s living room. This he could tell by the sound of her screaming at Turney for some infraction on the Son of Time’s part. He opened it to see her soaking wet, cornering Turney by the stereo and holding a ball of Hellfire. Noc burst out laughing at the normalcy of the whole thing.
Nick Szabo|I took this 'how to build computers' course basically because I'm sick and tired of getting ripped off by cheesy computer companies. Software baffles me. I like hardware. I used to change my own oil, and now I want to build my own computer so I can have what I want.
Euripides, Hippolytus|Really, seeing the amount we give in charity, the wonder is there are any poor left. It is a comfort that there are. What should we do without them? Our fur-clad little girls! our jolly, red-faced squires! we should never know how good they were, but for the poor? Without the poor how could we be virtuous? We should have to go about giving to each other. And friends expect such expensive presents, while a shilling here and there among the poor brings to us all the sensations of a good Samaritan. Providence has been very thoughtful in providing us with poor.
Markus Zusak, Underdog|I looked at myself in that window, oblivious to all the people around me and I stared and smiled that particular smile. You know that smile that seems to knock you and tell you how pathetic you are? That's the smile I was smiling.
Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor|Mythology may, in a real sense, be defined as other people's religion. And religion may, in a sense, be understood as popular misunderstanding of mythology. (8)
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever fear God, shall depart from evil.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone With the Wind|Yes, I want money more than anything else in the world.”“Then you’ve made the only choice. But there’s a penalty attached, as there is to most things you want. It’s loneliness.
Debasish Mridha|True liberty comes from education, knowledge, and wisdom.
Cynthia D'Aprix Sweeney, The Nest|So the first time she and Leo combusted, she'd practically been poised for the breakup. In some inexplicable way, she'd been looking forward to it and all its attendant drama, because wasn't there something nearly lovely–when you were young enough–about guts churning and tear ducts being put to glorious overuse? She recognized the undeniable satisfaction of the first emotional fissure because an unraveling was still something grown-up and, therefore, life affirming. See? The broken heart signalled. I loved enough to lose; I felt enough to weep. Because when you were young enough, the stakes of love were so very small, nearly insignificant. How tragic could a breakup be when it was part of the fabric of expectation from the beginning? The hackneyed fights, the late-night phone calls, the indignant recounting for friends over multiple drinks and in earshot of an appropriately flirtatious bartender–it was theatre for a certain type of person . . . Until it wasn't.
Sharon Olds|I see them standing at the formal gates of their colleges,I see my father strolling outunder the ochre sandstone arch, thered tiles glinting like bentplates of blood behind his head, Isee my mother with a few light books at her hipstanding at the pillar made of tiny bricks with thewrought-iron gate still open behind her, itssword-tips black in the May air,they are about to graduate, they are about to get married,they are kids, they are dumb, all they know is they areinnocent, they would never hurt anybody.I want to go up to them and say Stop,don't do it--she's the wrong woman,he's the wrong man, you are going to do thingsyou cannot imagine you would ever do,you are going to do bad things to children,you are going to suffer in ways you never heard of,you are going to want to die. I want to goup to them there in the late May sunlight and say it,her hungry pretty blank face turning to me,her pitiful beautiful untouched body,his arrogant handsome blind face turning to me,his pitiful beautiful untouched body,but I don't do it. I want to live. Itake them up like the male and femalepaper dolls and bang them togetherat the hips like chips of flint as if tostrike sparks from them, I sayDo what you are going to do, and I will tell about it
Siddhartha Choudhary|being born a princess is all right, but behaving like one can be dangerous.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Easter is a marvelous affirmation of the genius of our design, but it is likewise the blunt acknowledgement that left to its own devices, the genius of our design will result in the destruction of our lives.
Sarah Van Arsdale|Good fiction often gives us characters in extremity, which ironically gives us a clearer mirror in which to see ourselves.
Michael Dirda|It looks like I'm just gonna keep getting really, really happy and sad and embarrassed and excited and disappointed for the rest of my life, so let's just do that.
Martin Seligman|A lot of times, in our culture and our society, we put romantic love somehow on a higher plane than self-love and friendship love. You can't do that. You have to honor and really fully invest in all these different loving relationships.
James C. Dobson|Remember, every obstacle is also an opportunity.
Said Sayrafiezadeh|The denominational world tries to pressure its members to focus on the birth of Christ, but in doing so layers of guilt are imposed, and competition gets complicated as one Christmas program tries to outdo the other.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|In all her intercourse with society, however, there was nothing that made her feel as if she belonged to it... She stood apart from mortal interests, yet close beside them, like a ghost that revisits the familiar fireside, and can no longer make itself seen or felt.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|She raised an eyebrow. "You got something to say to me, Seaweed Brain?"You'd probably kick my 
Napoleon Hill|I felt like a failure, like somehow my self-worth was tied to my ability to procreate. I didn't feel like I could talk about it. I did not want other people's pity, so I mostly kept my story and my feelings to myself.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The supreme artist lives as closely as possible to replicating the perfect dream, with life unfolding in a manner that a person could never conceive or direct.
Bill Ayers|Your kids require you most of all to love them for who they are, not to spend your whole time trying to correct them.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|From a medical standpoint, the third and the most probable explanation is that Jesus was indeed dead, and what his disciples experienced were mere hallucinations evoked by the grief over the loss of their beloved teacher. It is clinically known as “Post-Bereavement Hallucinations Experiences” or PBHE.
Dada Bhagwan|Neither the world nor one’s actions cause obstructions; kashays (inner anger, pride, deceit, greed) cause obstruction!
Ravi Zacharias, I, Isaac, Take Thee, Rebekah: Moving from Romance to Lasting Love|To the young woman I say, This is the moment in your life when he who is wooing you will be at his kindest. And if you do not see kindness in the man you are dating, beware! For the partnership you are looking for will be nourished and nurtured only on the basis of a love that is not arrogant or prideful, but kind.
Christina Engela, Black Sunrise|Being captain of such a vessel was not a stressful job, despite the sheer size of the thing. Everything was automated, and this meant that this behemoth could be efficiently handled by a far less seasoned captain. Besides, hiring mature skippers with actual experience would cost real money. And hey, the computers ran everything anyway – and that’s how Bran Johannsen enters this story – as a fine young inexperienced graduate of the Merchant Space Academy in Mars City, who only got his Executive Officer’s ticket four short years ago.
Herman Melville|Now, as you well know, it is not seldom the case in this conventional world of ours - watery or otherwise; that when a person placed in command over his fellow-men finds one of them to be very significantly his superior in general pride of manhood, straightway against that man he conceives an unconquerable dislike and bitterness; and if he have a chance he will pull down and pulverize that subaltern's tower, and make a little heap of dust of it.
Alfred North Whitehead, The Concept of Nature: The Tarner Lectures Delivered in Trinity College, 11/1919|The aim of science is to seek the simplest explanations of complex facts. We are apt to fall into the error of thinking that the facts are simple because simplicity is the goal of our quest. The guiding motto in the life of every natural philosopher should be, 'Seek simplicity and distrust it.
Steve Harvey|I know nothing at all about women. They are an amazing, beautiful mystery.
Rachel Held Evans|God's truth!' one side shouts.'More loving!' comes the response.'God's truth!''More loving!''God's truth!''More loving!'But there shouldn't be a clash between 'God's truth' and 'More loving.' In the Bible, Truth and Love are two sides of the same coin. You can't have one without the other. God's Truth is all about God's Love for us and the Love we ought to have for one another. We are being untrue to that Truth if we treat people unlovingly. And we are missing out on the full extent of that Love if we try to divorce it from Ultimate Truth.
Darnell Lamont Walker|Other people's sorrows and joys have a way of reminding us of our own; we partly empathize with them because we ask ourselves: What about me? What does that say about my life, my pains, my anguish?
Alexander Pope|I'm not saying it's what I would have wanted. But don't you see? We fuck up our lives again and again and it's always our children who pick up the bill. We move on to new relationships, always starting over, always thinking we've got another chance to get it right, it's the kids from all these broken marriages who pay the price. They - my son, your daughters, all the millions like them - are carrying around wounds that are going to last a lifetime. It has to stop.
Lewis H. Lapham, Gag Rule: On the Suppression of Dissent and the Stifling of Democracy|As many as six out of ten American adults have never read a book of any kind, and the bulletins from the nation’s educational frontiers read like the casualty reports from a lost war.
Jeff Kinney|Throughout my career as a lawyer, teacher and labor leader, books have remained my constant companion - stuffed into a briefcase, overflowing on my bedside table, stacked on my desk at work. Books have carried me to distant worlds, opened new doors and made me feel empathy, compassion, anger, fear, joy, acceptance - and everything in between.
Josh Stern|Y'know when your dog drags its butt across the carpet leaving a stain- It's not as easy as it looks..." 
Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian|As a matter of fact, confrontation could be a seed of peace.
JaszCab.|I could never understand what was going on in my dreams I couldn’t control the happenings, it’s like I just stood there glued to the ground watching everything around me move and evolve into different scenarios. I was a ghost of myself watching life unravel before my own eyes...
Patti Smith, Just Kids|He wasn't supposed to die,' he cried out, somewhat desperately, petulantly, like a spoiled child. But I could hear other thoughts racing between us.Neither are you.Neither am I.
Holly Hood, Black Moon|If she in fact knows magic she needs to do a spell to adjust that shitty attitude she has all of a sudden,” Nona said. “I may not be a witch, but I will knock her right off that broomstick if she keeps this up.
Carrie Underwood|You never stop learning. If you have a teacher, you never stop being a student.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|I mind the unmindful, but I mind my own mind too. Mine your mind, and mine the minds of others. Mind.. you are mine!
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|I was surrounded by friends, my work was immense, and pleasures were abundant. Life, now, was unfolding before me, constantly and visibly, like the flowers of summer that drop fanlike petals on eternal soil. Overall, I was happiest to be alone; for it was then I was most aware of what I possessed. Free to look out over the rooftops of the city. Happy to be alone in the company of friends, the company of lovers and strangers. Everything, I decided, in this life, was pure pleasure.
Larry Flynt|Success didn't spoil me, I've always been insufferable.
Winsome Campbell-Green, The Secret Rules Of Self-Love: How To Love Yourself, Overcome The Loneliness Of Being Single, And Achieve Happiness|Be resilient until you complete a task. Challenge yourself and never limit yourself. Stay humble, hopeful, patient, but never quit!
Chuck Palahniuk, Damned|Actually, watching television and surfing the Internet are really excellent practice for being dead.
Margaret D. Nadauld|No matter how much you like your local school teacher, he or she is a government agent.
Hozier|The seated lotus postures are an amazing way to go into meditation, or simply just to take a moment to ground oneself.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Valperga: Or, the Life and Adventures of Castruccio, Prince of Lucca|When tenderness softened her heart, and the sublime feeling of universal love penetrated her, she found no voice that replied so well to hers as the gentle singing of the pines under the air of noon, and the soft murmurs of the breeze that scattered her hair and freshened her cheek, and the dashing of the waters that has no beginning or end.
Kevin Brooks, Lucas|I was thinking about all these things and more, but I wasn't really thinking about them at all. They were just there, floating around in the back of my mind, thinking about themselves. What I was really thinking about, of course, was Lucas.
Richard M. Nixon|No event in American history is more misunderstood than the Vietnam War. It was misreported then, and it is misremembered now.
Rabindranath Tagore|Help!" he yelled and he lifted one leg, trying to run. But you can't outrun the membrane — he was soon gone.
F.D.  Lee, The Fairy's Tale|Even Aristotle, master of pure reason, said: 'The friend of wisdom is also a friend of myth.
Lysander Spooner|Any government, that is its own judge of, and determines authoritatively for the people, what are its own powers over the people, is an absolute government of course. It has all the powers that it chooses to exercise. There is no other or at least no more accurate definition of a despotism than this.
Dave Barry, Dave Barry's History of the Millennium|Palestinian and Israeli leaders finally recover the Road Map to Peace, only to discover that, while they were looking for it, the Lug Nuts of Mutual Interest came off the Front Left Wheel of Accommodation, causing the Sport Utility Vehicle of Progress to crash into the Ditch of Despair.
Rebecca Hahn|STORIES" it should not be the perfect,not be untold,not be romedy.. it should be the lesson to teach the human, whats the life is??
Pope Francis|Next to enjoying ourselves, the next greatest pleasure consists in preventing others from enjoying themselves, or, more generally, in the acquisition of power.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Remember that “where God guides, He provides. Where He leads, He supplies all needs.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|We have all a better guide in ourselves, if we would attend to it, than any other person can be
Stephen Richards|The universe is infinite, so there is room for everyone, for every belief, for every custom, and for every desire. You are in competition with no one but yourself.
|Never surrender your dream to your challenges, struggles and obstacles. No matter how hard you fall, always get back up and keep trying like all the great influential people did.
Junaid Raza|A palm-leaf carriage should move slowly, or else it loses its dignity.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knock on the sky's door, and stars will open it; knock on the universe’s door, and love will open it.
Allen Klein|You can't start a movie by having the attitude that the script is finished, because if you think the script is finished, your movie is finished before the first day of shooting.
Victor LaValle, The Devil in Silver|I'd just done the most important thing a person can ever do. I'd made life. At the very instant he was put into my arms, I loved this new person more than anyone but a mother can understand.
G.A. Aiken, Light My Fire|I sighed again, tipping my head back. My skin was still flushed, whether from anger or adrenaline or both, and my dragon crackled and snapped in myriad different directions. I needed to calm down. I wished I had my board. It was impossible to stay tense while floating on the surface of the ocean, its cold, dark depths lulling you to sleep. The sea was fascinating. It always amazed me how calm and peaceful it was one moment, only to bear down on you a moment later with the power and savagery of a hurricane.
Leslie McFarlane, Ghost of the Hardy Boys|For that matter, all this, is there a God? Corlis -- I don't care!""Huh," I considered. "I guess I don't either"."Most people don't! All they care about," he added grimly, "is being right".
Robin Jarvis, The Oaken Throne|Time did exist here, in small amounts (well some of the time) – and there were feint eddies and currents of time here, things that were barely tangible. Feint forces of the universe they were, nearly indiscernible from the nothingness like a warm breeze on a hot summer night. How long he had been here, he knew not – but he was slowly learning to master these barely tangible waves like a new surfer with one foot on the sandy beach and the other on a shiny new board of Hatred. Revenge splashed around his feet like the cold waves of the ocean of Time. Nearby, two other inmates collided with each other, bounced apart spread-eagled and spiraled off into the distance in infinite slowness. The Wetsuit of Insanity clung to his spiritual body, isolating him from the timelessness that seemed to exist here. A wind of Change blew at him from behind and he pushed off from the beach with iron determination and a mental clarity hereto before unknown to him. Something in the microcosm that didn’t even have a name went ‘bling’ and against all the laws of probability, Brad Xyl opened his eyes.
R.J. Palacio, Wonder|The unification of the planet's history, that humanist dream which God has spitefully allowed to come true, has been accompanied by a process of dizzying reduction. True, the termites of reduction have always gnawed away at life: even the greatest love ends up as a skeleton of feeble memories. But the character of modern society hideously exacerbates this curse: it reduces man's life to its social function; the history of a people to a small set of events that are themselves reduced to a tendentious interpretation; social life is reduced to political struggle, and that in turn to the confrontation of just two great global powers.
Ovid|In general, I feel if you can't say it clearly you don't understand it yourself.
Sunday Adelaja|God calls each person individually. He said that a man and his wife were one flesh, but not one spirit
Cheyanne Young, Powered|Even if it doesn't work, there is something healthy and invigorating about direct action
Lailah Gifty Akita|Until our last breath, we must fight the good fight of faith.
Ryszard Kapuściński|There is a distressing but not uncommon condition of presidents and other world leaders known as Worrying about Africa. It is usually picked up overseas as at summit meeting on world poverty or disease, and symptoms include painful twinges of guilt over the discrepancy between First and Third World wealth, uncomfortable feelings somewhere below the stomach that perhaps unfettered capitalism is not the benevolent force for good we are constantly assured it is, and frequent attacks of calling for Something to Be Done. The best remedy is invariably a stiff dose of domestic crisis.
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|I've always been bad. Probably I shall be bad again, punished again. But the worse I am, the more I need God. I can't shut myself out from His mercy. ... Or it may be a private bargain between me and God, that if I give up this one thing I want so much, however bad I am, He won't quite despair of me in the end.
Nikki Rowe|Your mind, it will trick you but your heart, it will not.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|D'autant que nous avons cher, estre, et estre consiste en mouvement et action.
Tom Mann|My entire life has been an attempt to get back to the kind of feelings you have on a field. The sense of brotherhood, the esprit de corps, the focus - there being no past or future, just the ball. As trite as it sounds, I was happiest playing ball.
Walter Kirn, Lost in the Meritocracy: The Undereducation of an Overachiever|Literature had torn Tessa and me apart, or prevented us from merging in the first place. That was its role in the world, I'd started to fear: to conjure up disagreements that didn't matter and inspire people to act on them as though they mattered more than anything. Without literature, humans would all be one. Warfare was simply literature in arms. The pen was the reason man invented the sword.
Robert Walser, The Walk|Artists, as a rule, understand nothing about business, or, for some reason or other, they aren’t allowed to understand anything about it.
Andrena Sawyer|The problem with social media is that it's great for your ego, but terrible for your sanity.
Gianni Versace|The past, like the future, is indefinite and exists only as a spectrum of possibilities.
Shannon L. Alder|Never keep your brain so full that people’s opinions take up every pew in your mind, and truth has to be “born again” before it is believed.
John C. Maxwell|It is only from the people I've had the good fortune to meet that I am learning the lessons to guide me. Baz Luhrmann, director of 'Moulin Rouge,' for example, has a childlike curiosity about the world. He doesn't pretend to know all the answers - quite the opposite, in fact. He asks loads of questions of everyone.
Mignon McLaughlin, The Complete Neurotic's Notebook|Everything is false, everything is possible, everything is doubtful.
Olaotan Fawehinmi|When someone cannot do without you, don't think he/she is weak. When he/she loves you, don't take that for granted.Experience has thought me that we all have the power to fall out of love at the same pace we fall in it.
Freedom Guardian|Books open a realm to a world beyond our own, all one has to do is take a leap of faith, open one, and step through the gate, passed the veil of myth on into the unknown.
Oscar Wilde|If you find someone you love in your life, then hang on to that love.
Gina Wings, Secrets of a Perfect Hair Color: Adventures of an Urban Woman|I admitted it was tempting to wish for cosmic, mind-blowing, I-could-die-right-now orgasms, but the truth is, sometimes we do have to settle for light, that-was-fun type, and explore additional features.Ian made me feel good. Sexy. Powerful. Wasn't that what was sex really about? Or was I just fooling myself?
Julia Quinn, To Catch an Heiress|Caroline, do you value your neck?""Yes, I'm rather fond of it. Why?""Because if you don't shut up, I'm going to wring it.
Jesse Andrews, Me and Earl and the Dying Girl|Promise was like a precious stone, she told me: hypnotising, but after a while the weight of it could sink you.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science|Love, too, has to be learned.
Osman Rashid|Gardening is learning, learning, learning. That's the fun of them. You're always learning.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Character- building education is what the world needs – education, that will empower the mind with such an unimaginable strength that one would meet death face to face and say “some other time, pal!
Ilchi Lee, The Call of Sedona: Journey of the Heart|Feel the energy, starting with your hands, and if you maintain the sensation of being connected to that energy as you pray, you can be more deeply immersed in your prayer. The reason is because the entire universe itself is composed of the energy you're feeling with your hands right now. When you maintain that feeling of connection with the universe as you pray for the great hopes and dreams cherished by your soul, you are broadcasting your prayer to the entire universe as your audience. If the whole universe is resonating with your dream and working with you to make your dream come true, wouldn't that lend great strength to you?
Lil Uzi Vert|Change, like sunshine, can be a friend or a foe, a blessing or a curse, a dawn or a dusk.
Sandy   Hall, A Little Something Different|I feel like this is a horror story. That's how scared I am right now."Don't be scared.""That doesn't help.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|If it weren't for me, she wouldn't have to take jobs like this. She would be half a planet away, floating in a turquoise sea, dancing by moonlight to flamenco guitar. I felt my guilt like a brand.... I had seen girls clamor for new clothes and complain about what their mothers made for dinner. I was always mortified. Didn't they know they were tying their mothers to the ground? Weren't chains ashamed of their prisoners?
Lord Dunsany|Humanity, let us say, is like people packed in an automobile which is traveling downhill without lights at terrific speed and driven by a four-year-old child. The signposts along the way are all marked 'Progress.
Sheherazade Goldsmith|Thanks to capitalism, the importance placed on beauty has never been so manipulated. We are the guinea pigs force-fed ads that tell us how pathetic we are: that we will never be loved, happy or valuable unless we have the body, the face, the hair, even the personality that will apparently be ours, if only we buy their products.
Martin Guevara Urbina, Twenty-first Century Dynamics of Multiculturalism: Beyond Post-racial America|Learning about freedom, for . . . the very essence of human existence, knowledge, as the mind is an element that enables us to shift the winds of luck, reshape the forces of fate or destiny, and, ultimately, empower us to become free authors of our own lives, for the true art of human expression is the ability to express our dreams, thoughts, and emotions as we feel them or as they come to mind, as we search for universal equality, justice, peace, love, truth, and reality.
Marilyn Monroe|Maybe I’ll never be able to do what I hope to, but at least I have hope.
John Flanagan, Halt's Peril|Ah, well...hell is full of burning boats, did you know that, Nadir? I daresay that's what makes it so bloody hot.
Pema Chödrön, The Wisdom of No Escape: How to Love Yourself and Your World|While we are sitting in meditation, we are simply exploring humanity and all of creation in the form of ourselves.
Max Lucado, Outlive Your Life: You Were Made to Make A Difference|No one can do everything, but everyone can do something
Sameh Elsayed|Joy breathes from within,It is not in things but a sense of well-being,an inner peace in harmony with our soul.True joy in our life gives us more energy.Live joyfully!There are elements in the society and of this world that disrupt such inner joy, peace and harmony within our soul and how we may feel and carry this depends on our individual coping mechanism.
Arzum Uzun|But if you take off your clothes, I’m sure I can get them dry.”My eyes went wide. “Are you trying tog et my naked?”His silvery gaze met mine. “Do you really need me to answer that?”A hot, sweet flush stole across my cheeks. When he was like this—open, flirty, and downright sexy—I was at my lamest. I wasn’t used to this side of him. I don’t think I ever would be, and there was something thrilling in that. But I stared at him, caught between the images playing out in my head and the very real man standing before me.
John Mroz|Peace is not the absence of chaos or conflict, but rather finding yourself in the midst of that chaos and remaining calm in your heart.
Malebo Sephodi|Freed slaves returned to Africa settled in a section of what was known as the “Pepper Coast” and on July 26, 1847, issued a Declaration of Independence and established a constitution based on the political principles denoted in the United States Constitution. In doing so they established the independent Republic of Liberia. Law and Order was something the ruling class of Liberians prided themselves on. The Americo Liberians, as they called themselves, were uber-Conservatives and had a glorified picture of what the American government was like. As Conservatives they saw themselves living a privileged lifestyle, sustained by their faith in God and the blessings that had been bestowed upon them by this deity. Amongst themselves there was much talk about the subjects of freedom, liberty, democracy and independence. They felt that these idealisms were deserved because of their exceptionalism. Taking a page from the concept of American exceptionalism, they fantasied of their very own Liberian exceptionalism, completely forgetting the indigenous natives living among them. Whereas the Americo Liberians lived an affluent lifestyle reflecting the antebellum era in the Southern tier of the United States, the local blacks, for the greatest part lived in squalor. In 1980, a violent military coup shattered the way of life in Liberia. Led by army Master Sergeant Samuel Doe, the country’s ruling group of Americo-Liberians were brutally overthrown and frequently executed. Doe's term as President of Liberia led to a period of civil wars, resulting in the devastation of Liberia’s economy. Liberia became one of the most impoverished nations in the world, in which most of the population still lives below the international poverty line.
Rene Denfeld, The Child Finder|But he saw Naomi as the wind traveling over the field, always searching, never stopping, and never knowing that true piece is when you curl around one little piece of something. One little fern. One little frond. One person to love.
Frank Shorter|I was so emotional. Choked up. I could hardly talk all day. I'll be cleaning out my trailer and saying goodbye soon, realizing what a wonderful experience this has been.
Brian K. Vaughan, Saga, Vol. 2|Some dreams really do come true. That said, most dreams are weird as shit.
Gena Showalter, Lord of the Vampires|Today I asked Chloe to be my girlfriend,and she agreed. I sank my teeth into her neck and drank from her jugular in the library at lunchtime. She's agreed to join me as a vampire and she's moving in next week.April Fool!
Dada Bhagwan|It is a mistake to believe other person to be estranged. They all are our own Self’s-forms. However, that has to be realized, right? To believe the other person to be an alien means giving him a beating and that hurts our own-Self.
Mark Twain|When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|He felt her heartbeat against his shoulder, through his jacket, light as raindrops.
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|A vision of cultural homogeneity that seeks to deflect attention away from or even excuse the oppressive, dehumanizing impact of white supremacy on the lives of black people by suggesting black people are racist too indicates that the culture remains ignorant of what racism really is and how it works. It shows that people are in denial. Why is it so difficult for many white folks to understand that racism is oppressive not because white folks have prejudicial feelings about blacks (they could have such feelings and leave us alone) but because it is a system that promotes domination and subjugation?
Jake Barton|In a place like the Greek Theater in L.A., to try and create a close connection with the audience seems almost antithetical to the architecture of the building.
Sebastian Thrun|I'm way flashier on Instagram and Snapchat because I feel like that's what people want to see, and that's I've always done, so I'm not going to stop. People want to see my cars and my purses. People love fashion. But that's so not me.
Michele Jaffe, Prom Nights from Hell|You talk more when you're nervous," he said, still standing close to her."No i don't. That's absurd. I'm just trying to explain to you-""Do i make you nervous?""No. I'm not nervous.""You're trembling.""I'm cold. I'm wearing practically zero clothes."His glance went to her lips, then back to her eyes. "I noticed.
Ben Carson|The physicians of one class feel the patients and go away, merely prescribing medicine. As they leave the room they simply ask the patient to take the medicine. They are the poorest class of physicians.
Miranda J. Barrett|You know, that's the trouble with drinking. Come the morning, you can never remember their names.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|though excessive pride may seek for freedom, it may only see freedom in chains
Mark Twain|The task of the right eye is to peer into the telescope, while the left eye peers into the microscope.
Kohta Hirano, Hellsing, Vol. 01|The Bird of Hermes is my name, eating my wings to make me tame.
Leila Sales|I think love without heartbreak is a myth. A pretty myth, but the kind of myth that ultimately makes us feel worse about ourselves because we're somehow not able to make it come true.
S. Kelley Harrell, Teen Spirit Guide to Modern Shamanism|According to Dr. Bruce Lipton, gene activity can change on a daily basis. If the perception in your mind is reflected in the chemistry of your body, and if your nervous system reads and interprets the environment and then controls the blood’s chemistry, then you can literally change the fate of your cells by altering your thoughts.In fact, Dr. Lipton’s research illustrates that by changing your perception, your mind can alter the activity of your genes and create over thirty thousand variations of products from each gene. He gives more detail by saying that the gene programs are contained within the nucleus of the cell, and you can rewrite those genetic programs through changing your blood chemistry.
Luis Buñuel|Eight: the age of exploration, of ghosts and secret forays; the age at which a mystery lurks behind every curtain and every armoire opens into a magical world, which you may enter at any time, but who knows when you will return.
Nicholas Sparks, True Believer|What would happen if you stopped fighting, and gave yourself permission to feel? Not just the good things, but everything?
John Green, Looking for Alaska|You shall love your neighbourWith your crooked heart,It says so much about love and brokenness -- it's perfect.
Shirley Manson|I don’t think they can deal with someone being complex and contradictory; it’s not acceptable, you have to be a cartoon, a stereotype.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Cerulean Sins|Be kind to humanity, she is very lonely, everyone is busy with themselves.
Sasha Samy, Shadow To Light: Transformational Journeys From Abuse & Betrayal To Empowerment|Forgiveness is a choice you can make to free yourself from the shackles of your past, from pain, hurt and resentment. Forgiveness is your road to inner freedom. It does not mean that you need to forget, deny or condone what has transpired. You choose to forgive because forgiveness is the only way to transcend painful experiences and to attain inner peace and freedom. Transcending Abuse & Betrayal.
T.E. Grau|Start with a word. A word leads to a sentence, which leads to a paragraph, which leads to a chapter, which leads to a manuscript, which leads to a book..... just start with a word!
Leah Stewart, Husband and Wife|Isn't she doing this too? Connecting and disconnecting. Facing grief then turning from it. One minute she is caught up in minutiae. Will her feet get sore standing in heels at the church? Have they made enough food? Will the kitten get scared by dozens of strangers in the house? Should she shut him in a room upstairs? The next moment she is weeping uncontrollably, taken over by pain so profound she can barely move. Then there was the salad bowl incident; her own fury scared her. But maybe these are different ways of dealing with events for all of them. Molly and Luke are infantile echos of her, their emotions paired down, their reactions simpler but similar. For if they have difficulty taking in what has happened, then so too does she. Why is she dressing up, for instance? Why can't she wear clothes to reflect the fact that she is at her lowest end? A tracksuit, a jumper full of holes, dirty jeans? Why can't she leave her hair a mess, her face unmade up? The crazed and grieving Karen doesn't care about her appearance. Yet she must go through with this charade, polish herself and her children to perfection. She, in particular, must hold it together. Oh, she can cry, yes, that's allowed. People expect that. They will sympathize. But what about screaming, howling, and hurling plates like she did yesterday? She imagines the shocked faces as she shouts and swears and smashes everything. But she is so angry, surely others must feel the same. Maybe a plate throwing ceremony would be a more fitting ritual than church, then everyone could have a go...smashing crockery up against the back garden wall.
Ian Mckellen|It's only recently women got to be action heroes on TV. Progress is slow, and often non-existent. There's plenty of cool comics with female characters... But all it takes is one Catwoman to set the cause back a decade.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|One result of family failure has been the loss of dignity. No better example can be found than in the use of language. [Language has been reduced to] a four-letter word in movies, on television, in comedy routines, and in real life.
Justin Timberlake|When someone is good, but it doesn't seem like their world will collapse if they don't get the part, it's more appealing. It's like dating someone: You don't want someone who's too into you.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|When a great adventure is launched with a powerful thrust, fatigue in the muscles and doubts in the mind are swept away by a fullness that moves life along like a breath from the depths of the soul.
Rainbow Rowell, Landline|I love you. I love you both so much.""To the moon and back?" Alice asked."Oh my God," Georgie said, "so much farther.
Look Im A Cat|Life is Like a Book, You cant Just read the Back, you Have to Dive in and Experience The Story within
Shannon L. Alder|While a part of me wants to know, another part of me is too exhausted to ask.
George Swinnock|now why is the devil's money accepted, the world's offer embraced, and God's rejected? Truly, men do not know the worth of what God offers them. The money the devil and the world offer is in their own currency, and is familiar to them. Swine trample on pearls, because they do not know their value. Men prefer the poor things they have because they are in their current possession. The devil seeks to peck out the eyes of men, that they do not see the blessed God and the happiness that is to be enjoyed in him. O how dull is the world's glass in the presence of true crystal! The magnet of earth will not draw man's affections while heaven is visible. He that has fed on the heavenly banquet cannot savor anything else.
Neil Gaiman, Smoke and Mirrors: Short Fiction and Illusions|I asked him if it were a mirage, and he said yes. I said it was a dream, and he agreed, But said it was the desert's dream not his. And he told me that in a year or so, when he had aged enough for any man, then he would walk into the wind, until he saw the tents. This time, he said, he would go on with them.
Donna Lynn Hope|I have learned the junk equation. Junk is not, like alcohol or weed, a means of increased enjoyment of life. Junk is not a kick. It is a way of life.
Gift Gugu Mona|Words have an immeasurable impact, they can either build or destroy so be careful of your words.
Narendra Modi|Liberalism is a religion. Its tenets cannot be proved, its capacity for waste and destruction demonstrated. But it affords a feeling of spiritual rectitude at little or no cost.
Louis Sachar, Holes|Come thaw my frozen heart, my little arctic kitten.”Unable to resist, Aria jumped in and picked up the next line. “No chance, my yeti man, I’d rather be frostbitten.”“Let me be your snowman. Come live in my igloo.”“I’d rather freeze to death than hibernate with you.
Carolyn  Parkhurst, Lost and Found|May knowledge come to us! What is this secret our heart has understood and yet will not reveal to us, although it seems to beat as if it were endeavoring to tell it?
Will Smith|Canada was built around a very simple premise. A promise that you can work hard and succeed and build a future for yourselves and your kids, and that future for your kids would be better than the one you had.
John Linder|It's my firm conviction that when Uncle Sam calls, by God we go, and we do the best that we can.
Debasish Mridha|Like the morning sun, you appeared in my cloudy sky and filled my world with light, love, beauty, and joy.
Doris Day|Dogs, lives are short, too short, but you know that going in. You know the pain is coming, you're going to lose a dog, and there's going to be great anguish, so you live fully in the moment with her, never fail to share her joy or delight in her innocence, because you can't support the illusion that a dog can be your lifelong companion. There's such beauty in the hard honesty of that, in accepting and giving love while always aware that it comes with an unbearable price. Maybe loving dogs is a way we do penance for all the other illusions we allow ourselves and the mistakes we make because of those illusions.
Ron Wyden|I know it when I see itJacobellis v. Ohio, 378 U.S. 184 (1964), concurring op.
Ken Liu|Outside of hip-hop, it was in comics that I most often found the aesthetics and wisdom of my world reflected.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox|Always continue the climb. It is possible for you to do whatever you choose, if you first get to know who you are and are willing to work with a power that is greater than ourselves to do it.
Stephen Curry|With all the travel we're doing to cold-weather cities, your mind definitely starts to wander. It gets you away from the game. Even when you arrive in a city, you're tempted to just sit in your hotel and rest. Sometimes it's nice to just get out and walk around, to see what's there.
Quentin R. Bufogle|He is not just nice, he is brilliant. He is the smartest man who ever lived. He is now supervising the entire course of world history (Rev. 1:5) while simultaneously preparing the rest of the universe for our future role in it (John 14:2). He always has the best information on everything and certainly also on the things that matter most in human life. Let us now hear his teachings on who has the good life, on who is among the truly blessed.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|The Chamber Of Secrets had been opened.Enemies of the heir, beware.
Carsten Jensen, We, the Drowned|Seenu rang the gong, and the eyes shut themselves in silence, and the brahmin heart and the weaver heart and pariah heart seemed to beat the one beat of Siva dancing
Michael  Grant, Fear|What a treacherous thing a body was, how it so blatantly acted out the mind’s secrets.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|I have a rule of thumb that allows me to judge, when times is pressing and one needs to make a snap judgment, whether or not some sexist bullshit is afoot. Obviously, it’s not 100% infallible but by and large it definitely points you in the right direction and it's asking this question; are the men doing it? Are the men worrying about this as well? Is this taking up the men’s time? Are the men told not to do this, as it's letting the side down? Are the men having to write bloody books about this exasperating retarded, time-wasting, bullshit? Is this making Jeremy Clarkson feel insecure?Almost always the answer is no. The boys are not being told they have to be a certain way, they are just getting on with stuff.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal|A strange fanaticism fills our time: the fanatical hatred of morality, especially of Christian morality.
Van Harden, Life in the Purple Wedge!|Trying so hard to make things go our way in this world, doing so much leaning, is exhausting. I am convinced that is exactly what Jesus had in mind when he said, ‘Come to me all you who are weary and heavy-laden and I will give you rest’ (Matthew 11:28 NASB).
Maxwell Maltz|Life has its sunshine and its rain, sir... its days and its nights... its peaks and its valleys...
J.R. Ward, Lover Mine|Ride?" Rhage snorted. "Please. That thing is a sewing machine with an air dam taped to it. My GTO could dust the fucker in fourth gear from a dead stop."When there was an odd sound from behind, John looked back. So did the three Brothers. "What." Xhex bristled and crossed her arms over her chest. "I can laugh, you know. And that's . . . pretty damn funny." Rhage beamed. "I knew I liked you.
Sumantra Ghoshal|The truly effective managers we've observed are purposeful, trust in their own judgement, and adopt long-term, big-picture views to fulfill personal goals that tally with those of the organization as a whole. They break out of their perceived boxes, take control of their jobs, ...
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|There were a group of people before the Ascension known as the Astalsi. They claimed that each person was born with a certain finite amount of ill luck. And so, when an unfortunate event happened, they thought themselves blessed—thereafter, their lives could only get better.
Darrell Calkins|There are some things that don’t function as one would assume. For example, the impulse and linear thinking associated with the search for happiness most often produce questions like, “What’s in it for me?” or “How do I get what I want?” Paradoxically, if you will, that very question pushes authentic happiness away. Now, to try to explain that to someone in such a way that they hear and are interested by the idea is going to probably involve some paradox and non-linearity.
Marie de France|For years I've wanted to write about the Australian countryside, but, like most Australians, I've only got a tourist's knowledge of it. I thought that if I disobeyed that basic rule of writing - write about what you know - I'd write a thin and inauthentic book.
Marty Strange|We are social beings who make communities with an urgency, and it is a stern charge to make us take refuge in the lonely world of oneself. ...Racism attempts to occlude our cosmopolitanism (of the songs in and out of our bones), and it often appropriates our mild forms of xenophobia into its own virulent project. Difference among peoples is something that we negotiate in our everyday interactions, asking questions and being better informed of our mutual realities. To transform difference into the body is an act of bad faith, a denial of our shared nakedness.
Kenneth Roberts, Oliver Wiswell|What I speak and express is what, that does not even belong to me.
Robert  Black|People need new things to excite them, new inventions, new ideas, new art, new drugs, if there are no new things, then they resort to war
Asti Hustvedt, The Decadent Reader: Fiction, Fantasy, and Perversion from Fin-de-Siècle France|In the end, this volume should be read a s a collection of love stories, Above all, they are tales of love, not the love with which so many stories end – the love of fidelity, kindness and fertility – but the other side of love, its cruelty, sterility and duplicity. In a way, the decadents did accept Nordau's idea of the artist as monster. But in nature, the glory and panacea of romanticism, they found nothing. Theirs is an aesthetic that disavows the natural and with it the body. The truly beautiful body is dead, because it is empty. Decadent work is always morbid, but its attraction to death is through art. What they refused was the condemnation of that monster. And yet despite the decadent celebration of artifice, these stories record art's failure in the struggle against natural horror. Nature fights back and wins, and decadent writing remains a remarkable account of that failure.
Hanne Ørstavik, Like sant som jeg er virkelig|A sheep without a shepherd, go astray.
P.G. Wodehouse, Jeeves and the Feudal Spirit|Love is a delicate plant that needs constant tending and nurturing, and this cannot be done by snorting at the adored object like a gas explosion and calling her friends lice.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|They were almond cookies, although they could have been made of spinach and shoes for all I cared. I ate eleven of them, right in a row. It is rude to take the last cookie.
Brittany Burgunder|Forgiving yourself, believing in yourself and choosing to love yourself are the best gifts one could receive.
Sarah Moore Fitzgerald, The Apple Tart of Hope|Oscar had a straightforward, dimpled, happy smile. It was one of the hundreds of great things about him.And after that we were best friends. It had been as simple and inevitable as the striking of a match.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Naive keeps on dreaming of heaven on earth,ignoring the truth that even heavens are at war.
Frederick Buechner, Secrets in the Dark: A Life in Sermons|I believe that whether we recognize him or not, or believe in him or not, or even know his name, again and again he comes and walks a little way with us along whatever road we're following. And I believe that through something that happens to us, or something we see, or somebody we know--who can ever guess how or when or where?--he offers us, the way he did at Emmaus, the bread of life, offers us new hope, a new vision of light that not even the dark world can overcome.
Glenn Greenwald|Terrorism': the word that means nothing, yet justifies everything.
Sarah Hepola|And when a man that old takes up money-hunting, it's like when he takes up gambling or whisky or women. He aint going to have time to quit.
Robert D. Kaplan, Earning the Rockies: How Geography Shapes America's Role in the World|America is a place of opportunity. It’s people-friendly! Very much so, compared to the Muslim countries in the world. People looking for better lives flock to America because we as a society do not mutilate young girls' genitals, do not cut off people’s hands for stealing. We do not stone people to death for committing adultery. We do not rape women and men for speaking up against our government. We do not forbid people to go to school and to learn because of their gender. We assume people are innocent until proven guilty. We give people the freedom to criticize our government and even burn our flag as an expression of speech. This is but a partial list of why America is superior in culture and values to many other countries in the world. This type of culture also thrives in Israel, the only Western-style nation in the Middle East, one that Arabs despise, feel threatened by, and vow to destroy.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Success and the pursuit of it can nourish your body, but only significance has the ability to nourish your mind, body and spirit.
Warren Ellis, Crooked Little Vein|Whence the possibility of an ideological analysis of Disneyland (L. Marin did it very well in Utopiques, jeux d'espace [Utopias, play of space]): digest of the American way of life, panegyric of American values, idealized transposition of a contradictory reality. Certainly. But this masks something else and this "ideological" blanket functions as a cover for a simulation of the third order: Disneyland exists in order to hide that it is the "real" country, all of "real" America that is Disneyland (a bit like prisons are there to hide that it is the social in its entirety, in its banal omnipresence, that is carceral). Disneyland is presented as imaginary in order to make us believe that the rest is real, whereas all of Los Angeles and the America that surrounds it are no longer real, but belong to the hyperreal order and to the order of simulation. It is no longer a question of a false representation of reality (ideology) but of concealing the fact that the real is no longer real, and thus of saving the reality principle.
Karen A. Baquiran|Living in the era of social media and dating apps, online dating is also a very popular dating method in England. It perfectly suits the English person’s superpower: being the invisible man or woman. They also like to keep their distance, and the internet is perfect for that. Also complimenting someone is easier online than offline; you don’t even have to say anything you just press a ‘like’ or a ‘wink’ button and that’s it; perfectly suitable for romantically retarded people.
Gordon Ramsay|I'm an afternoon tea type of girl. I come from a Russian background where we love our teas. So between lunch and dinner after training I come home and I love a nice cup of tea with jam in it, as we drink it there. Black English Breakfast with raspberry jam is my favorite.
Christine Marie Bryant|When you experience something, it actually widens your understanding about everything.
Nicolas Cage|Actors, their greatest tool, their greatest resource is imagination. You can take things, power objects, you can recruit your dreams, you can access your memories and get there. So the idea is not to act but to just be.
Thomas Jefferson|The justice I have received, I shall give back.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe|Ah, well, then you've never stood on a beach as the waves came crashing in, the water stretching out from you until it's beyond sight, moving and blue and alive and so much bigger than even the black beyond seems because the ocean hides what it contains.
Kamand Kojouri|Classical music is the best, and cheapest, mind-altering drug in the world.
Robert Lynn Asprin, M.Y.T.H. Inc. in Action|Just a little off the top!"- A. Boleyn
Madhu Vajpayee, Seeking Redemption|was coming to that troubled twilight time, a time of regrets that resemble hopes, of hopes that resemble regrets, when youth is past but old age has not yet come.
Jeffrey Fry|Great leadership involves three things. The ability to realize when you are wrong, a willingness to learn from it, and an eagerness to change course if necessary.
Masashi Kishimoto|When I was young” … “Before I was twenty, I mean, I used to think that life was a thing that kept gaining impetus, it would get richer and deeper each year. You kept learning more, getting wiser, having more insight, going further into the truth” – she hesitated.Port laughed abruptly. – “And now you know it’s not like that. Right? It’s more like smoking a cigarette. The first few puffs it tasted wonderful, and you don’t even think of its ever being used up. Then you begin taking it for granted. Suddenly you realize it’s nearly burned down to the end. And then’s when you’re conscious of the bitter taste.
John Lennon|Outside of the cross of Jesus Christ, there is no hope in this world. That cross and resurrection at the core of the Gospel is the only hope for humanity. Wherever you go, ask God for wisdom on how to get that Gospel in, even in the toughest situations of life.
Otto von Bismarck|People are getting smarter nowadays; they are letting lawyers, instead of their conscience, be their guide.
Tom Stoppard|Everybody past a certain age, regardless of how they look on the outside, pretty much constantly dreams of being able to escape from their lives.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|God is like a search engine — He is willing to answer your requests, but you must ask Him the right questions.
Neal Shusterman, Bruiser|No group-living nonhuman primate is monogamous, and adultery has been documented in every human culture studied- including those in which fornicators are routinely stoned to death. In light of all of this bloody retribution, it's hard to see how monogamy comes "naturally" to our species. Why would so many risk their reputations, families, careers- even presidential legacies- for something that runs against human nature? Were monogamy an ancient, evolved trait characteristic of our species, as the standard narrative insists, these ubiquitous transgressions would be infrequent and such horrible enforcement unnecessary. No creature needs to be threatened with death to act in accord with its own nature.
Richelle E. Goodrich|I am more optimistic, both about reading and about books. There will always be non-readers, bad readers, lazy readers – there always were. Reading is a majority skill but a minority art. Yet nothing can replace the exact, complicated, subtle communion between absent author and entranced, present reader.
Nicholas Stoller|To be a lone filmmaker thousands of miles from home with nobody believing in me, that seems romantic.
Jeroninio Almeida, Karma Kurry for the Mind, Body, Heart & Soul|Henry flopped onto his bed, and his steam leaked slowly out. He began telling himself a story in his head. It was about how just and kind and understanding he was. It was about right he had been, how necessary his tone and word choice. It was about a girl who just didn't understand, who was completely ignorant. Then, for some reason, the narrator of the story included an incident in which Henry ha pushed an envelope into a strange place just to see what would happen. It hadn't even been an accident. The incident did not fit with the rest of the story, so Henry tried to ignored it. He couldn't ignore it, so he tried to explain it. Completely different things. The post office was obviously not dangerous. It was yellow. I just wanted to see what the mailman would do. The flashlight was stupid. I didn't shine a flashlight into the post office. She didn't even act sorry. I would have acted sorry. I always act sorry when people get upset. She didn't even care that I probably saved her life. She didn't know. She was unconscious. Oh, shut up.
Laura Ingalls Wilder, Little Town on the Prairie|You can't teach in a vacuum. A good teacher relates the material to real life. You understand that, don't you?
Thich Nhat Hanh|The person who suffers most in this world is the person who has many wrong perceptions, and most of our perceptions are erroneous.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|In the beginning..when ray and day hadn't yet come into existence at all, there was a kind of radiance that illuminates universe. That radiance is the light of knowledge and goodness. That radiance will persistently and consistently shines brightly even after all the stars and moons in this vast universe died out.
Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed|His words are like the sound of a needle dragging across a record. A sinking, sickening feeling washes over me. This is why you should never, ever get your hopes up. This is why you should see the glass as half empty. So, when the whole things spills, you aren't as devastated.
Roshan Sharma|The sensation that you experience in the body, is your spirit, but it’s so attached, that it’s hard to imagine, that the sensation can ever be separated from the physical body. In long hours of meditation, you can separate your sensation from the physical body.
Ben Elton, Blind Faith|Books are the key. A book cannot be accessed from afar. You have to hold it, you have to read it.
Jay Woodman|We don't want any relationship! we just need someone who listen us, who is ready to do anything for us without saying no. In short we just need one slave!
Kamand Kojouri|I write our names on the page.What of it, if the paper will be burned?I write our names in the sand.What of it, if the shore will be washed by waves?I write our names on trees that will be cutand benches that will be painted,but what of it?I will keep on writing our namesbecause in this world of ephemera, You and I are the only constant.
Criss Jami, Healology|Envy is a sign of insecurity, yes; but so is longing to be envied.
Jessica Verdi, My Life After Now|Capitalism is a social system owned by the capitalistic class, a small network of very wealthy and powerful businessmen, who compromise the health and security of the general population for corporate gain.
Ian K. Smith|For most of my 20s, I looked like I was 12. Now that I'm pushing 40, I guess I look closer to... 15? It must be my macrobiotic diet. Oh, wait, except that I don't have one of those.
Vince Molinaro, The Leadership Contract: The Fine Print to Becoming a Great Leader|So what are you going to do? Let your future be shaped by the injustices and cruelties of the past, or do you shape your own future? Do you walk down those mean streets without becoming mean yourself, or do you lie down and whimper? Victim of everyone, or the hero of your own story – those are your only choices.
I. Alan Appt, The Strength in Knowing|Excerpt from my lecture Sunday at Soul-Esteem Center10 Commandments - God knew when he gave us choice some would make the wrong choices, but God wanted his creation, man, to have free will and felt later it necessary to write the 10 Commandants as a reminder of how God wanted his creations to perform. The 10 Commandants contain 5 positives and five negatives
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|About Anna Faktorovich's "Romances of George Sand": “What a read! Not lacking in action and very imaginative.
Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|If it is logical, it’s not love.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|The gospel declares that no matter how dutiful or prayerful we are, we can't save ourselves. What Jesus did was sufficient.
Angela Korra'ti, Faerie Blood|Geeks are not the world’s rowdiest people. We’re quiet and introspective, and usually more comfortable communing with our keyboards or a good book than each other. Our idea of how to paint theEmerald City red involves light liquor, heavy munchies, and marathon sessions of video games of the ‘giant robots shooting each other and everything else in sight’ variety. We debate competing lines of software or gaming consoles with passion, and dissect every movie, television show, and novel in the science fiction, fantasy, and horror genres.With as many of us as there are in this town, people inevitably find ways to cater to us when we get in the mood to spend our hard-earned dollars. Downtown Seattle boasts grandiose geek magnets, like the Experience Music Project and the Experience Science Fiction museum, but it has much humbler and far more obscure attractions too, like the place we all went to for our ship party that evening: a hole-in-the-wall bar called the Electric Penguin on Capitol Hill. 
Shannon Dicks|why shine as bright as the sun, when you can shine as bright as the moon and let the stars shine beside you
Stan The Man SA|We only get what we can deal with."The real voyage of discovery consists...in seeing with new eyes
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|The key to investing in yourself is being able to see your potential, not just your actual value. Being able to visualize your value demonstrates that you are already picking up the skills of a 3D thinker.
Justin Kanayurak|Once you hit rock bottom, that's where you perfectly stand; That's your chance of restarting, but restarting the right way.
Roy  Bennett|Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.
Katharine Eliska Kimbriel|Maybe it ain't about others' mistakes,but only your need for someone to blame.
Robin Bielman, Keeping Mr. Right Now|You think everything revolves around Zane Hollander, don't you?""No. But I think your blush does.
Sara Niles, Torn From the Inside Out|You have to be grateful for the small things, when any minute might be your last.
Andrew Sullivan|I'm a writer by profession and it's totally clear to me that since I started blogging, the amount I write has increased exponentially, my daily interactions with the views of others have never been so frequent, the diversity of voices I engage with is far higher than in the pre-Internet age—and all this has helped me become more modest as a thinker, more open to error, less fixated on what I do know, and more respectful of what I don't. If this is a deterioration in my brain, then more, please."The problem is finding the space and time when this engagement stops, and calm, quiet, thinking and reading of longer-form arguments, novels, essays can begin. Worse, this also needs time for the mind to transition out of an instant gratification mode to me a more long-term, thoughtful calm. I find this takes at least a day of detox. Getting weekends back has helped. But if there were a way to channel the amazing insights of blogging into the longer, calmer modes of thinking ... we'd be getting somewhere."I'm working on it.
Drew Magary, The Postmortal|Think of (the Kingdom) like the sun. As it peeks through on a cloudy day, we do not say the sun has grown. We say, 'The sun has broken through.' Our view of the sun has changed, or obstacles to the sun have been removed, but we have not changed the sun.
Samual Rogers|It doesn't much signify whom one marries, for one is sure to find out the next morning that it was someone else.
Steven Spielberg|The clearest explanation for the failure of any marriage is that the two people are incompatible; that is, that one is male and the other female.
mary dohning hahn|Here,there,every where
Greg Grandin|It is already clear that, because of advances in technology, drones are going to play an increased role in warfare in the years ahead. It is therefore vital that the legal frameworks governing their use are robust and internationally recognised.
Debasish Mridha|To live a wonderful life, be curious and impregnate your thoughts with kindness, compassion, and pure love.
Chelsey Philpot|He was thirteen that year, the age when children splinter off and abandon the old loves.
Maddie Hample|I looked up at him, rain blending into my tears, ''Michael listen! You told me once that when you thought of life, you thought of this big ship in the middle of the sea and all the dangers and risks and stuff... but you also told me that love is a risk and that has to be treasured and shown in the brightest light. Well honey, love is apart of life. And if you're too afraid to risk loving me, than you won't have me, because the only thing I'll ever do is live.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|It's only people, as far as we know, who look up at the stars and wonder what they are.
Raymond Chandler, The Long Goodbye|If she knew how beautiful love is, she would already put it in a box, seal, and preserve it.So she could smell it whenever she wants.
Alfred Tennyson|If I had spoken to him out loud, he would have understood the tragic fate of those who came back, left over, living dead. You must look at them carefully. Their appearance is deceptive. They are smugglers. They look like the others. They eat, they laugh, they love. The seek money, fame, love. Like the other. But it isn't true; they are playing, sometimes without even knowing it. Anyone who has seen what THEY have seen cannot be like the others, cannot laugh, love, pray, bargain, suffer, have fun, or forget. Like the others. You have to watch them carefully when they pass by an innocent-looking smokestack, or when they lift a piece of bread to their mouths. Something in them shudders and makes you turn your eyes away. These people have been amputated; they haven't lost their legs or eyes, but their will and their taste for life. The things they have seen will come to the surface again sooner or later. And then the world will be frightened and won't dare look these spiritual cripples in the eye.
Parna Chowdhury|When you shoot the arrows straight from your heart, it is bound to reach its target with a bull's eye and leave everlasting imprints ; raw and deep....
Helen Hunt Jackson|You know what it's like to wake up in the middle of the night with a vivid dream? And you know that if you don't have a pencil and pad by the bed, it will be completely gone by the next morning. Sometimes it's important to wake up and stop dreaming. When a really great dream shows up, grab it.
Dolly Parton|If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one.
Heather Demetrios, I'll Meet You There|My eyes roved over the walls covered with my collages and prints of famous paintings. Magritte, Kandinsky, Kahlo. My origami shapes hung from fishing wire, dangling over my bed. They shivered in the slight breeze blowing through my open window. It was my own little escape pod, but none of it was enough tonight.
Frédéric Gros, A Philosophy of Walking|Slowness means cleaving perfectly to time, so closely that the seconds fall one by one, drop by drop like the steady dripping of a tap on stone. This stretching of time deepens space. It is one of the secrets of walking: a slow approach to landscapes that gradually renders them familiar. Like the regular encounters that deepen friendship.
Darnell Lamont Walker|The relationship was perfect, but I hated everything about the person I became.
Fatima Sana Shaikh|What you start learning is that to get over a breakup, you kind of have to live through the emotions and not run away from it because then it lasts longer.
J. Milton Hayes|Poetry is plucking at the heartstrings, and making music with them.
Pete Earley, Crazy: A Father's Search Through America's Mental Health Madness|She herself had grown up without any one spot of earth being dearer than another: there was no center of earth pieties, of grave endearing traditions, to which her heart could revert and from which it could draw strength for itself and tenderness for others.
Beverly K. Bachel, What Do You Really Want?: How to Set a Goal and Go for It! A Guide for Teens|When going for your goals, staying motivated, enthusiastic, and flexible are daily deeds of daring.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Isabelle," she said, lightening her tone with an obvious effort, "your loyalty to your friend is understandable --""He's not my friend." Isabelle looked over at Jace, who was staring at her in a sort of daze. "He's my brother.
Epictetus, Enchiridion|If a person gave your body to any stranger he met on is way, you would certainly be angry. And do you feel no shame in handing over your own mind to be confused and mystified by anyone who happens to verbally attack you?
Ansel Elgort|So few people read poetry. That's sad, isn't it?
Paige Tyler, Wolf Trouble|If life can remove someone you never wanted to lose, it can replace them with someone you never dreamed of wanting.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Know who you are, then you can know where you can be! Choose your environment wisely; but be sure you know your dreams at first! When your dream seeds fall onto the soil with the best environmental factor, you will have a bumper harvest!
Joan Bauer, Close to Famous|Everything just feels so empty without her. She was more a parent to me than my birth parents were. She took me in, fed, dressed me, but most importantly, she treated me with respect. She taught me that my abilities were nothing to be ashamed of, nothing I should try so hard to deny. She convinced me that what I had was a gift-not a curse- and that I shouldn't let other people's narrow minds and fears determine how I love, what I do, or how I perceive myself in the world. She actually made me believe that in no way, shape, or form did their uninformed opinions make me a freak.
Sandra Cisneros|But if you can create an honorable livelihood, where you take your skills and use them and you earn a living from it, it gives you a sense of freedom and allows you to balance your life the way you want.
Lee Strobel, The Case for a Creator: A Journalist Investigates Scientific Evidence That Points Toward God|If it's true there's a beginning to the universe, as modern cosmologists now agree, then this implies a cause that transcends the universe. If the laws of physics are fine-tuned to permit life, as contemporary physicists are discovering, then perhaps there's a designer who fine-tuned them. If there's information in the cell, as molecular biology shows, then this suggests intelligent design. To get life going in the first place would have required biological information; the implications point beyond the material realm to a prior intelligent cause. -Stephen C Meyer, PHD
Mads Mikkelsen|The more I travel around the world, the more I see people want the same thing - to be happy. We wouldn't be in a monetary system if we didn't have to work, so if my music can contribute to happiness, then that's my main responsibility.
Bible Verses|How beautiful on the mountains are the feet of those who bring good news, who proclaim peace, who bring good tidings, who proclaim salvation, who say to Zion, "Your God reigns!"Isaiah 52:7
T.S. Eliot|What if evil doesn't really exist? What if evil is something dreamed up by man, and there is nothing to struggle against except out own limitations? The constant battle between our will, our desires, and our choices?
A.A. Frias, The Heaven Corporation|It is difficult to have faith when our hearts are consumed by fear, but it is when we are afraid that we need to hang onto our faith the most.
Steve Maraboli|Teachers should be made aware of visual stress symptoms and the potential difference coloured lights, overlays and lenses could make to a learners perception.
Shannon L. Alder|With dark raven paper and twinkling white ink, I wrote my heart in the night’s sky.
Faruk DML|The essential ingredients of these struggles for justice are human beings who, if only for a moment, if only while beset with fears, step out of line and do "something", however small. And even the smallest, most unheroic of acts adds to the store of kindling that may be ignited by some surprising circumstance into tumultuous change.
Orson Scott Card, Shadow Puppets|I believe in justice, as long as I'm holding a knife at the throat of the judge.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Plan the number of hours each day you’ll spend on your dreams, the kind of people you’ll love to connect with, the amount of capital you’ll want to invest and the sources of help you are required to get. Make a plan.
Debasish Mridha|Wisdom gives you the ability to chose what is right.In the darkness of hate and ignorance, it is the light.
Debasish Mridha|Until you know how to change yourself for the better, you cannot change others.
Haruki Murakami, After Dark|I had gone...to the smoke of cafes and nights when the room whirled and you needed to look at the wall to make it stop, nights in bed, drunk, when you knew that that was all there was, and the strange excitement of waking and not knowing who it was with you, and the world all unreal in the dark and so exciting that you must resume again unknowing and not caring in the night, sure that this was all and all and all and not caring. Suddenly to care very much and to sleep to wake with it sometimes morning and all that had been there gone and everything sharp and hard and clear and sometimes a dispute about the cost. Sometimes still pleasant and fond and warm and breakfast and lunch. Sometimes all niceness gone and glad to get out on the street but always another day starting and then another night. I tried to tell about the night and the difference between the night and the day and how the night was better unless the day was very clean and cold and I could not tell it; as I cannot tell it now. But if you have had it you know.
Henry Whitehead|[I]n any profession the highest order of work is achieved, not by fussy empirical demands for 'something to be done,' but by patient study of the eternal laws.
James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes|Posthuman. It was a word from advertising copy, breathless and empty, and all he’d ever thought it really meant was that the people using it had a limited imagination about what exactly humans were capable of.
Sage Steadman, Ann, Not Annie|He just wasn’t into flaunting his awesomeness, but sometimes a person’s awesomeness simply flaunts itself, even when you politely ask it not to.
Gordon Burn|And when you are criticized, as you will be, remind your critics that you have the right to speak your mind. And if they shout you down, as they probably will, then inform them that since they insist on being asses, you will henceforth communicate with them with the appropriate part of your own anatomy. And turning to face them from the posterior, let them know where you stand. Let every fart count as a peal of thunder for liberty. Let every fart remind the nation of how much it has let pass out of its control. It is a small gesture, but one that can be very effective - especially in a large crowd. So fart, and if you must, fart often. But always fart without apology. Fart for freedom, fart for liberty - and fart proudly
Amanda Stephan, The Price of Trust|…and he wasn't reconciled to dying. Dora told him he was going to a better world. "Mebbe, mebbe," says poor Ben, "but I'm sorter used to the imperfections of this one.
Temi Peters, Instruments of Praise & Acts of Worship|And morning came… It still comes. Our God is here, Emmanuel, among us, always coming towards us, always standing behind us, always standing up for us, always standing with us in solidarity in communion asking us to come with Him now as disciple, as follower, as believer, as a friend, as intimate beloved child of God, now and forever.
Claudia Rankine, Don’t Let Me Be Lonely: An American Lyric|Sad is one of those words that has given up its life for our country, it's been a martyr for the American dream, it's been neutralized, co-opted by our culture to suggest a tinge of discomfort that lasts the time it takes for this and then for that to happen, the time it takes to change a channel. But sadness is real because once it meant something real. It meant dignified, grave; it meant trustworthy; it meant exceptionally bad, deplorable, shameful; it meant massive, weighty, forming a compact body; it meant falling heavily; and it meant of a color: dark. It meant dark in color, to darken. It meant me. I felt sad.
Richard Attenborough|I meditate an hour in the morning and an hour in the evening. Once a year I go away for a long retreat. And overall, I just feel more comfortable in my own skin and less anxious, less sad, less fearful.
Anthony Robbins|Success is doing what you want to do, when you want, where you want, with whom you want, as much as you want.
Poppet, Aisyx|Stapled to her gaze, sucked into the potency of her focus, only the trace of her blood in my mouth reassures me this is not a vision but a hallucinogenic pause from responsibility.
Don Roff|The modern virtues fail because they concern the outer self, the human facade, the part of ourselves the world sees most readily – while the classical virtues form an organizing framework for our inner selves… for our souls.
Fierce Dolan|Distance starts in hearts,confirms in mind & actions from tongue....
Salma Hayek|If a man lets all of my dogs sleep in the bed with us, then that is the most romantic thing. You must love my dogs in order to love me. A man who is nice to my animals and doesn't shoo them away - well, that's the height of romance.
Liezi, Lieh-tzu: A Taoist Guide to Practical Living|People needed proof that Utopia was nothing more than a theory, an illusion read in fictional stories.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|Bushwhacked, I examine my hands. Same hands. Rings still there but no longer valid.
Annette Marie, Dark Tempest|... You did what none of us could do.”“Only because the poison didn’t affect me the same way—”“Does that matter? We couldn’t do it. You did. We saw what you looked like when you got out. How many times did you fall in order to batter your knees like that? But you kept going.”“That makes me stubborn, not strong,” she mumbled.“Strength comes in many forms...
Rachel Klein, The Moth Diaries|Sleep makes the silence and the terrible fear go by more quickly, helps pass the time, since it's impossible to kill.
Ernst F. Schumacher, Small Is Beautiful: Economics as if People Mattered|What do I miss, as a human being, if I have never heard of the Second Law of Thermodynamics? The answer is: Nothing. And what do I miss by not knowing Shakespeare? Unless I get my understanding from another source, I simply miss my life. Shall we tell our children that one thing is as good as another-- here a bit of knowledge of physics, and there a bit of knowledge of literature? If we do so, the sins of the fathers will be visited upon the children unto the third and fourth generation, because that normally is the time it takes from the birth of an idea to its full maturity when it fills the minds of a new generation and makes them think by it.Science cannot produce ideas by which we could live.
Nadia Simonenko, Lost and Found: The Complete Series|Unable to see, they were briefly seized by the characteristic Prague anxiety of never finding the entrance--of arriving at one's goal but remaining blocked from it by a wall or a stone on account of having overlooked an alley or medieval door a few dozen yards back, which has served as the approach so immemorially that no one any longer marked or described it.
Anna Kavan, Let Me Alone|There are certain shocks which, if sufficiently strong, seem to have power to destroy the balance of life. Such a shock would seem to overthrow all the intricate, vital, slowly developed mechanism of mind, to plunge the victim into a chaotic half-world of confusion and loss. This is what had happened to Anna.
Juan Williams|That sense of failure, I don't know where people put it who don't write songs and aren't able to emote physically. It must go somewhere.
Barbara Corcoran|Don't solicit feedback on your product, idea or your business just for validation purposes. You want to tell the people who can help move your idea forward, but if you're just looking to your friend, co-worker, husband or wife for validation, be careful. It can stop a lot of multimillion-dollar ideas in their tracks in the beginning.
Daniel J. Rice, This Side of a Wilderness|Don’t stoop, don’t stop & don’t be tired in front of any circumstances; with continuous efforts & self introspection aim so high that shall take you to the top of the world
LaShawnda Jones|There is always a reason. Not being willing to say what your reasons are is not the same as not knowing them. Truth is always present. Truth is always available. You simply need the courage to face yourself, explore your motives and confront your insecurities. Until then, you will only enjoy a false security in the thought that your darkness is a mystery to others. Your darkness is mystery to no one. We all have darkness, but not all of us have light.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You don't scale a mountain with your mouth, but with your feet.
Diane J. Reed, Robin in the Hood|This is my heart on CRACK." Robin when she sees Creek
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|What could be more fundamental to our sense of meaning and purpose than a conception of whether the strivings of the human race over long stretches of time have left us better or worse off? How, in particular, are we to make sense of modernity—of the erosion of family, tribe, tradition, and religion by the forces of individualism, cosmopolitanism, reason, and science?
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Your kindness, beauty, and simplicity remind me the stories about angels, and I was told they are just legends and myths.
Emma Beasley|But Princess Magnolia wore glass slippers on weekdays. Princess Magnolia was afraid of snails. Sunlight made Princess Magnolia sneeze. And at the moment, the Princess in Black was hog-tying a monster.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|In the face of all his handicaps, Jurgis was obliged to make the price of a lodging, and of a drink every hour or two, under penalty of freezing to death.
Kelsey Chow|Libertarians argue that no normal adult has the right to impose choices on other normal adults, except in abnormal circumstances, such as when one person finds another unconscious and administers medical assistance or calls an ambulance.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|Sculley found Jobs as memorable as his machine. " He seemed more a showman than a businessman. Every move seemed calculated, as if it was rehearsed, to create an occasion of the moment.
Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows|And you still haven't answered any of my one-hundred ten questions, or my follow ups.
Chris Evans|If kids can have some sort of social responsibility, that's cool. But if they're not actually having social responsibility, and they're kind of hiding behind it, that's kind of useless, or even worse.
Lauren DeStefano, Sever|I don't dare touch her. Loss is a knowledge I'm sorry to have. Perhaps the only thing worse than experiencing it, is watching it replay anew in someone else--all the awful stages picking up like a chorus that has to be sung.
Ansel Elgort|I want to encourage people. One of the things I do encourage people is that - that Internet is a place where we should share our ideas and be positive, not negative.
Matia ben Ephraim, The Wizard of Kharathad|Stop turning every others battle into yours. Sometimes amidst of all the wars, all you need to become is the lighthouse, not the sword.
Debasish Mridha|It is not the success, but it is the failures that make us stronger and more resilient.
Robert M. Drake|We’re only instruments of love, flowing through heaps of pain hoping one day we’d hatch a passion of our own.
Joan Rivers|The worst thing about Halloween is, of course, candy corn. It's unbelievable to me. Candy corn is the only candy in the history of America that's never been advertised. And there's a reason. All of the candy corn that was ever made was made in 1911. And so, since nobody eats that stuff, every year there's a ton of it left over.
Henry Louis Gates|Well, certainly one of the ironies of the success of affirmative action is that the middle class within the black community no longer lives within 'black community' by and large.
Janet Evanovich, To the Nines|Bob had a dog buscuit stuck to his head. "How does he always get food stuck to him?" I asked Morelli. "I don't know," Morelli said. "It's a Bob mystery. I think stuff falls out of his mouth and he rolls in it. I'm not sure."-Morelli And Stephanie
C.S. Lewis, Prince Caspian|Why have your followers all drawn their swords, may I ask?" said Aslan."May it please Your High Majesty," said the second Mouse, whose name was Peepiceek, "we are all waiting to cut off our own tails if our Chief must go without his. We will not bear the shame of wearing an honor which is denied to the High Mouse.""Ah!" roared Aslan. "You have conquered me. You have great hearts. Not for the sake of your dignity, Reepicheep, but for the love that is between you and your people, and still more for the kindness your people showed me long ago when you ate away the cords that bound me on the Stone Table (and it was then, though you have long forgotten it, that you began to be Talking Mice), you shall have your tail again.
Nikki Rowe|It's ok to do your own thing for a while sometimes the call of the soul is a much more enticing path then one of a drunken phone call from your pals, call it the 21st century or whatever you wish but most live for the weekend untying the knots & ropes of slavery from during the week with no drive nor purpose to become something more than a pay check & a good time every 5 days.
Andrew Forsthoefel, Walking to Listen: 4,000 Miles Across America, One Story at a Time|Life is fast, and I’ve found it’s easy to confuse the miraculous for the mundane, so I’m slowing down, way down, in order to give my full presence to the extraordinary that infuses each moment and resides in every one of us.
Abhijit Naskar|A nation with a thousand awakened citizens and a corrupt leader, is much more alive than a nation with an awakened leader and a thousand corrupt citizens.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Open the door for communication and interact with your children. Provide the answers (if you don’t know, look for them or get expert advice). Guide them on how to deal with other sources of information – friends, TV, other media, society or the internet. Coaching empowers them to make their own informed, quality decisions.
Richie Norton, The Power of Starting Something Stupid: How to Crush Fear, Make Dreams Happen, and Live without Regret|Wouldn't it be amazing if you could travel into the future, see where you messed up, and then go back in time to rearrange things in order to make your future better? You can. If you can foresee regret, you can mind-travel to the future. If you can train yourself to mind-travel effectively, you can intentionally affect your future by doing something about it today.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|The master always keeps a piece of learning--that is to say, a piece of the student's ignorance--up his sleeve. I understood that, says the satisfied student. You think so, corrects the master. in fact, there's a difficulty here that I've been sparing you until now. We will explain it when we get to the corresponding lesson. What does this mean? asks the curious student. I could tell you, responds the master, but it would be premature: you wouldn't understand at all. It will be explained to you next year. The master is always a length ahead of the student, who always feels that in order to go farther he must have another master, supplementary explications. Thus does the triumphant Achilles drag Hector's corpse, attached to his chariot, around the city of Troy.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Instead of complaining about your situation, actually do something about it. Playing "poor me" just ain't sexy.
Robin Bertram, No Regrets: How Loving Deeply and Living Passionately Can Impact Your Legacy Forever|Every time we sin, it causes chaos in our lives; maybe not at that very moment, but eventually it always catches up
Jack Boulware|The deaf people there with balloons, holding them up and feeling the vibrations of the balloons to the Germs, all these fuckin' great bands, and using these balloons and dancing around. For a tough old punk, it just made your heart -- it gave you that beautiful feeling. They loved the music, and we were making money for them.
Chuck D, Lyrics of a Rap Revolutionary, Vol. 1|I think now that this obsession with identifying racism, which I saw so often among Somalis too, was really a comfort mechanism, to keep people from feeling personally inadequate and to externalize the causes of their unhappiness.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|I thought if I didnt take a break, I would do something even worse. Like yell or hang up the phone.
Maya Angelou, Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now|Each of us has the right and the responsibility to assess the roads which lie ahead, and those over which we have traveled, and if the future road looms ominous or unpromising, and the roads back uninviting, then we need to gather our resolve and, carrying only the necessary baggage, step off that road into another direction. If the new choice is also unpalatable, without embarrassment, we must be ready to change that as well.
Darynda Jones, Fifth Grave Past the Light|Since I had a soft spot for zombies and my curiosity was killing me, I opted for plan Z.
Timothée de Fombelle, Toby Alone|Little tree filled his lungs with the white airness of the night, as if he were going to fly. The living voice of his parents. Elisha's eyes. These were reasons enough to set off on another adventure.Reasons to be Toby Lolness again.
Bessel A. van der Kolk, The Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind, and Body in the Healing of Trauma|Imagination is absolutely critical to the quality of our lives. Our imagination enables us to leave our routine everyday existence by fantasizing about travel, food, sex, falling in love, or having the last word—all the things that make life interesting. Imagination gives us the opportunity to envision new possibilities—it is an essential launchpad for making our hopes come true. It fires our creativity, relieves our boredom, alleviates our pain, enhances our pleasure, and enriches our most intimate relationships.
RJ Blizzard|You will not know love if you do not know suffering, and you will never suffer if you have never loved.
Daniel Clowes, Ghost World|Aodhan glanced over,the faint smile on his face deeply welcome after two painful centuries when Illium hadn't been able to reach his friend, no matter how hard he tried. Aodhan's psychic scars might never fade, but he was rising past them in a show of grit and strength no one who didn't know him could fully understand.The twenty-three months Aodhan had been missing had been the most horrific period of Illium's life... worse than when he'd lost his mortal lover. He'd survived losing her. He didn't know if he could survive losing Aodhan.Never before had he seen that truth so clearly and it shook him.
Laura   Lane, Two Mothers, One Prayer: Facing your Child's Cancer with Hope, Strength, and Courage|If there is such a thing as philosophical progress, then why – unlike scientific progress – is it so invisible? Philosophical progress is invisible because it is incorporated into our points of view. What was torturously secured by complex argument comes widely shared intuition, so obvious that we forget its provenance.
Mark Link, Challenge: A Daily Meditation Program Based on the Spiritual Exercises of Saint Ignatius|Before you can be effective in communication with ANYONE else, you must know who YOU are. It begins with you. Believe me when I say, I don't need anyone's approval in this classroom ... I'm great company for myself. Me, myself, and I ... we laugh a lot. (Said on the first week of class each phase, somewhat rewording each time, but the gist is always there).
Christine Feehan, Dark Secret|If someone says there's a portal to hell under some rocks, you bet your ass I'm going to move them.
Lauren Kate, Passion|And Daniel?" She asked."Daniel was a player-""Hey!" "That's what they called the actors." Bill rolled his eyes.
Gabriel Neil|It is for the reader to see in the book the nature of the motives of human actions and perhaps learn something too of the motives behind the social forces which judge those actions and which, I take it, we call a system of morality.
Jodi Picoult, Between the Lines|I grunted. It's something I picked up over a fifteen-year career in law enforcement. Men have managed to create a complex and utterly impenetrable secret language consisting of monosyllabic sounds and partial words—and they are apparently too thick to realize it exists. Maybe they really are from Mars. I'd been able to learn a few Martian phrases over time, and one of the useful ones was the grunt that meant "I acknowledge that I've heard what you said; please continue.
T.J. Klune, Bear, Otter, and the Kid|Justin wandered over to the big fir between the coach house and his studio, and began freeing the new growth from their rust colored casings.“Why do you do that?” I walked around kitten’s nose, and came up behind him.“So they have a few more days in the sun.”“Is that why you keep trying to save me? So I have a few more days in the s
Dexter Ray|The "peace symbol" is a broken class. A lot of subliminal witchcraft here.
Steve Buscemi|Obama wants to be thought of as the president who freed us from foreign oil. But if he doesn't show some political courage, he may well be remembered as the president who cooked the planet.
Stephanie Perkins, Isla and the Happily Ever After|St. Clair clears his throat. 'My fiancée and I are headed out for a celebratory dessert. I'd ask you all to join us, but I don't want you there.
Julianne Moore|Learning to fly an airplane taught me a way of thinking, an approach to problem-solving that was applicable and effective. Pilots are very methodical and meticulous, and artists tend not to be.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|A strong woman who recklessly throws away her strength, she is worse than a weak woman who has never had any strength to throw away.
Dave Eggers|She knows there are traps everywhere that can make her cry, she knows the way she dies a little every time someone asks her for change and she doesn't give it to them means that she's too soft for this world or perhaps just for this city, she feels so small here.
Patrick Carman, The Tenth City|When I was young, I used to wish I would fit in… I’m glad I didn’t get my wish.
Joan D. Chittister|Benedict sets up a community, a family. And families, the honest among us will admit, are risky places to be if perfection is what you are expecting in life.
Lois McMaster Bujold|Sometimes when Rose was reading, she would catch a whiff of the musty smell of her book. She put her nose down in the fold and inhaled deeply so that wonderful smell, the smell of adventure in faraway lands, would fill her up. She rubbed her hand across the pages to feel the velvety surface of the paper. When she closed her eyes, her fingertips could even feel the words that were printed there, each letter raised just a little, almost like the special language that her blind aunt Mary could read.To Rose, a book was as real and alive as if it breathed and walked and spoke.
Richard Payment, For Want of Wonders|Words have not been made to describe the state of meditation. Language allows us to bite around the edges, to nibble and taste, but never to report the essence. But still we try. Like a dream, never reported while it happens. Like an uncaged song, sweet and alive, but flying high. Like the moment of artistic creation, bright and new, unsullied. Meditation is an open window. We sit at the sill. A vista is revealed. There is no judgement, no anticipation, no memory or regret. In meditation we are without judgement. We sit alone, but there is no loneliness.
Danny Heitman|Quite often we are led to aporia, an impasse, unable to proceed a step further. Socrates is almost always there, but even he is only a supporting character. The starring role is given to the philosophical question. It is the philosophical question that is supposed to take center stage, cracking us open to an entirely new variety of experience.
David Rakoff, Love, Dishonor, Marry, Die, Cherish, Perish|There ́s a metaphor which I love: living like a drawing compass. As you know, one leg of the compass is static, rooted in a place. Meanwhile, the other leg draws a wide circle, constantly moving. Like that, my fiction as well. One part of it is rooted in Istanbul with strong Turkish roots. But the other part travels the world, connecting to different cultures.
Russell Simmons|I know what it feels like to have the door slammed firmly in my face, so I'm cool with that.
Salman Rushdie|When people do the cowardly thing, it's not about respect, it's about fear.
Voltaire, Philosophical Dictionary|If bliss are a type of potato, then ignorance can be french-fried
Thomas Pynchon, V.|At last the anchor was up, the sails were set, and off we glided. It was a short, cold Christmas; and as the short northern day merged into night, we found ourselves almost broad upon the wintry ocean, whose freezing spray cased us in ice, as in polished armor. The long rows of teeth on the bulwarks glistened in the moonlight; and like the white ivory tusks of some huge elephant, vast curving icicles depended from the bows.
James W. Foley|Drop a pebble in the water: just a splash, and it is gone;But there's half-a-hundred ripples circling on and on and on, Spreading, spreading from the center, flowing on out to the sea. And there is no way of telling where the end is going to be.Drop a pebble in the water: in a minute you forget,But there's little waves a-flowing, and there's ripples circling yet, And those little waves a-flowing to a great big wave have grown; You've disturbed a mighty river just by dropping in a stone.Drop an unkind word, or careless: in a minute it is gone;But there's half-a-hundred ripples circling on and on and on. They keep spreading, spreading, spreading from the center as they go, And there is no way to stop them, once you've started them to flow.Drop an unkind word, or careless: in a minute you forget,But there's little waves a-flowing, and there's ripples circling yet, And perhaps in some sad heart a mighty wave of tears you've stirred, And disturbed a life was happy ere you dropped that unkind word.Drop a word of cheer and kindness: just a flash and it is gone; But there's half-a-hundred ripples circling on and on and on, Bearing hope and joy and comfort on each splashing, dashing wave Till you wouldn't believe the volume of the one kind word you gave.Drop a word of cheer and kindness: in a minute you forget;But there's gladness still a-swelling, and there's joy a-circling yet, And you've rolled a wave of comfort whose sweet music can be heard Over miles and miles of water just by dropping one kind word.
Leigh Bardugo, Crooked Kingdom|You don't ask for forgiveness, Kaz. You earn it.
Helen Brown, After Cleo|Then there was the realisation that I didn't actually feel that much better when I was thin(ner). In fact the 'thin' version felt worse because I lived with hunger clawing at my stomach all the time, and in fear that I was going to get fat again. After years of neuroticism I'd finally understood those who loved me would continue to put up with me fat or thin, and those who didn't ignored me. As a middle-aged woman I was pretty much invisible anyway. To pass unnoticed through an image-obsessed society is surprisingly liberating.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|From so much self-revising, I’ve destroyed myself. From so much self-thinking, I’m now my thoughts and not I
Ben Carson|Where there is no struggle, there is no strength.
Nikhil Sharda|What makes a writer successful is not money or fame (though both are nice) ... it's that in being true to her or himself, the words were able to connect to a reader's heart.
Alex Grey, The Mission of Art|For the artisan, craft is an end in itself. For you, the artist, craft is the vehicle for expressing your vision. Craft is the visible edge of art.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Relationships don't remain constant, but are in a constant state of evolving, either positively or negatively.
Alanea Alder, Fated for Forever|Aleks opened his mouth to reassure his friend when he heard something that chilled him to the bone.“Aleksander Aaron Arkadion! What in the hell is wrong with you! Why are you dragging that mangled corpse through town? You traumatized an entire first-grade class on a field trip to the town center,” Ma said, striding up to them pointing down to the body that Aleks still had a hold of.He looked down at the ankle he was holding.“Fuck my life.” Aleks looked behind his ma at the trail of blood heading back to the ice cream parlor.Liam laughed, his arms wrapped around his waist holding his sides.
Nicole Krauss|Why does one begin to write? Because she feels misunderstood, I guess. Because it never comes out clearly enough when she tries to speak. Because she wants to rephrase the world, to take it in and give it back again differently, so that everything is used and nothing is lost. Because it's something to do to pass the time until she is old enough to experience the things she writes about.
Robert D. Putnam, Our Kids: The American Dream in Crisis|Stressful conditions from outside school are much more likely to intrude into the classroom in high poverty schools. Every one of ten stressors is two to three times more common in high poverty schools-- Student hunger, unstable housing, lack of medical and dental care, caring for family members, immigration issues, community violence and safety issues.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|People will always notice something about you. It might be the way you walk or the way you talk, or just simply your personality. Live each day in the way you want to be remembered. Live in such a way that people will be inspired by those unique qualities that you have and strive to live better lives for themselves.
Jim George, One-Minute Insights for Men|Your impact on the lives of others--your family, the people at your church, your workmates--is cultivated with each decision you make, no matter how small.
Debasish Mridha|To find the joy of life, let us love our life unconditionally.
Julie Andrews Edwards, Home: A Memoir of My Early Years|I made up my mind long ago to follow one cardinal rule in all my writing—to be clear. I have given up all thought of writing poetically or symbolically or experimentally, or in any of the other modes that might (if I were good enough) get me a Pulitzer prize. I would write merely clearly and in this way establish a warm relationship between myself and my readers, and the professional critics—Well, they can do whatever they wish.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Because we are always growing, life compounds and magnifies what is already in us.
Gustave Flaubert, November|We think of women at every age: while still children, we fondle with a naïve sensuality the breasts of those grown-up girls kissing us and cuddling us in their arms; at the age of ten, we dream of love; at fifteen, love comes along; at sixty, it is still with us, and if dead men in their tombs have any thought in their heads, it is how to make their way underground to the nearby grave, lift the shroud of the dear departed women, and mingle with her in her sleep
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When someone finds his or her mind is not free or in mental bondage, such a person might as well not be free physically.
Sydney Banks, The Missing Link Reflections on Philosophy and Spirit|In every area of life everyone is capable of seeing from a higher perspective than they do now.You are never stuck. You're simply limited by the level you are seeing from.Limitation is always illustion. Just wait. Relax. Stay still. Wait until the wisdom talks to you, as it will. - Syd Banks
Lydia Larue, Undercover Desire|If I broke her heart, her image of me would break too
John Piper|humility is beyond our reach. if it were a product of reaching, we would instinctively be proud of reaching it. it is a gift.
Phillip Andrew Bennett Low, Indecision Now! A Libertarian Rage|So, I’m a playwright. In Minneapolis. Which means that I find myself operating in a pretty lefty crowd, most of the time. And most of my energy goes towards arguing with that, and musing about how I really fucking can’t stand Democrats. So I was startled to be reminded of a fact that I’d almost entirely forgotten: I really fucking can’t stand Republicans.
Ntozake Shange, Sassafrass, Cypress and Indigo|As he plods behind Cameron and Summer, he can’t help but stare at Summer’s exposed, glistening skin. His thoughts aren’t depraved or even mildly in the splasher. In fact, he focuses on the marks of cruelty crisscrossing her back, stomach, and shoulders. He trudges along, drenched, feet swollen, constantly searching for even a hint of a breeze, all while being forced to stare at the alarming network of burns traversing Summer’s delicate skin. This latticework of hate reveals a brutal truth—one he can scarcely comprehend. Yes, he’s glimpsed and felt her scars before, but this is the first time he’s really, truly seen the severity and extent of her life as a slave. With each step, he must digest the monstrosities of her past, leaving him utterly devastated.
J.A. Huss|You could make any man forget his years. When I saw you arrive in your lovely dress, I was conquered. If you don’t wish to dance anymore perhaps we could chat?”- David Walton
Michael   Lewis, Liar's Poker|Inexperience can be overcome, ignorance can be enlightened, but prejudice will destroy you.
Dan Groat, A Punctual Paymaster|Time does not heal, but it can liberate. A race run well can never be lost.
Elizabeth Little|And I’d be damned if I let the first photograph of me in ten years be taken on fucking Amtrak. I mean, the light alone.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, White Nights|And in vain does the dreamer rummage about in his old dreams, raking them over as though they were a heap of cinders, looking into these cinders for some spark, however tiny, to fan it into a flame so as to warm his chilled blood by it and revive in it all that he held so dear before, all that touched his heart, that made his blood course through his veins, that drew tears from his eyes, and that so splendidly deceived him!
Hope Barrett|The only way the weight of the world can break you down, is if you carry it the wrong way.
Ernest Hemingway|The rain will stop, the night will end, the hurt will fade. Hope is never so lost that it can't be found.
Charles Perrault|I was actually very pleased that they let me do it, because I feel very deeply for breast cancer survivors. I don't have it, but it is in my family. I've always been very aware of it. I go for mammograms and checkups.
Eliezer Yudkowsky, Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality|Very astute, Harry, but the mouth organ was only ever a mouth organ." - Albus Dumbledore
Matthew Fox|And I think maybe all women, if they just had a chance, would be romantic and believe in love and not sex. And men believe in sex and not love.
Robert Lanza|There is no reason to design buildings that are more basic and rectilinear, because with concrete you can cover almost any space.
Julie James, Practice Makes Perfect|I’m not sure I trust myself around you I liked you from the start, J.D. I really wish things had been different, that's all.
RJ Arkhipov|The calm skies that drifted above us lulled us into thinking this traversée would be smooth, but after several hours, the unsteady sea had taken its toll on me and after a light lunch and a brief swim in the open sea failed to do so, I attempted to remedy my mal de mer with rest. When I awoke, the sun had already set and the cool air and soft light of twilight helped recalibrate my disoriented thoughts. Although my seasickness had subsided, I lay starboard side facing the heavens - that were now a deep shade of purple - so as to not provoke another episode. We set to anchoring behind several large volcanic pillars just a stone’s-throw away from where the Tyrrhenian Sea kissed the east of the island. A handful of wishes scattered the skies as we approached the shores of Aci Trezza. As these stars traced their dying song across the void above, part of me felt ashamed for even entertaining the notion of wishing upon a star, but that voice was speedily silenced by words He had once shared with me in Scotland: “There is always some truth to fiction.
Hannah E. O'Neal, the Pauraque's Game|No matter how careful we are, if we live long enough, eventually one of us will die. It is not a happy thought, but it is the truth. Such is the way of the world.
Elizabeth Jane Howard, Mr. Wrong|People will always walk their own road and you cannot drag them onto yours. But, if you happen to wander into the path of a good person, you best take your mask off and shine or I promise, they will just walk on by.
James Morcan, The Ninth Orphan|Jordan loomed over her and a flash of light blinded her momentarily. The knife. Shane felt her newfound courage faltering, felt herself falling back through the years, into the body of that little girl. No. She closed her eyes, pictured Matt’s face, Gram’s face, and felt her strength returning. She would not let Jordan terrify her again. She might fail tonight, she might die, but she would not be his whimpering victim. Opening her eyes, she braved the flashing glare of the hunting knife he held above her face. She willed her body to lie still as she stared straight into his eyes. With a thrill of triumph, she saw the surprise in the gray eyes that stared back at her. Neither of them spoke a word, but they both knew the final moves in the game were at hand, and that Shane had just altered the rules. She could see the dawn of awareness in his eyes: She was no longer a mere pawn to toy with as he pleased.On the other hand, he still had the knife.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The central theme of the Bible is salvation, and the central personality of the Bible is Christ.
irak.ibrahim hussain didi|Dont let them go, but just remember,some come, some go, keep trying, hold on and always, always believe in yourself, so keep your head high, keep your chin up and smile in every situation :
Toni Sorenson, Aligned By Christ|Being meek does not make you weak. You’re not someone who sways with changing circumstances. You don’t allow yourself to be used. You’re not passive or spineless. Your faith is in the Almighty, so you know that you are mighty.
Barbara Delinsky, Sweet Salt Air|So, is it harder to dream about what you don´t have than to live in fear of losing what you do?
Richard Dooling|Over and over again, financial experts and wonkish talking heads endeavor to explain these mysterious, 'toxic' financial instruments to us lay folk. Over and over, they ignobly fail, because we all know that no one understands credit default obligations and derivatives, except perhaps Mr. Buffett and the computers who created them.
G.K. Chesterton|A spirit of license makes a man refuse to commit himself to any standards. The right time is the way he sets his watch. The yardstick has the number of inches that he wills it to have. Liberty becomes license, and unbounded license leads to unbounded tyranny. When society reaches this stage, and there is no standard of right and wrong outside of the individual himself, then the individual is defenseless against the onslaught of cruder and more violent men who proclaim their own subjective sense of values. Once my idea of morality is just as good as your idea of morality, then the morality that is going to prevail is the morality that is stronger.
Christopher Hitchens, The Quotable Hitchens from Alcohol to Zionism: The Very Best of Christopher Hitchens|The whole point about corruption in politics is that it can't be done, or done properly, without a bipartisan consensus.
Debasish Mridha|When you love someone, it's the most real thing in the universe.
Voltairine de Cleyre, Exquisite Rebel: The Essays of Voltairine de Cleyre -- Anarchist, Feminist, Genius|If this is the price to be paid for an idea, then let us pay. There is no need of being troubled about it, afraid, or ashamed. This is the time to boldly say, “Yes, I believe in the displacement of this system of injustice by a just one; I believe in the end of starvation, exposure, and the crimes caused by them; I believe in the human soul regnant over all laws which man has made or will make; I believe there is no peace now, and there will never be peace, so long as one rules over another; I believe in the total disintegration and dissolution of the principle and practice of authority; I am an Anarchist, and if for this you condemn me, I stand ready to receive your condemnation.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Selected Poems|REQUIEMUnder the wide and starry skyDig the grave and let me lie:Glad did I live and gladly die,And I laid me down with a will.This be the verse you grave for me:Here he lies where he long'd to be;Home is the sailor, home from the sea,
Lauren Oliver|I know the rules. I've been living here longer than you have."He cracks a smile then. He nudges me back. "Hardly.""Born and raised. You're a transplant." I nudge him again, a little harder, and he laughs and tries to catch hold of my arm. I squirm away, giggling, and he stretches out to tickle my stomach. "Country bumpkin!" I squeal, as he grabs out and wrestles me back onto the blanket, laughing."City slicker," he says, rolling over on top of me, and then kisses me. Everything dissolves: heat, explosions of color, floating.
Anthony Powell, The Valley of Bones|And just as music is the space between notes, just as the stars are beautiful because of the space between them, just as the sun strikes raindrops at a certain angle and throws a prism of color across the sky - so the space where I exist, and want to keep existing, and to be quite frank I hope I die in, is exactly this middle distance: where despair struck pure otherness and created something sublime.
Pink|Even in an organization that's doing something big and bold, there's the mundane, day-to-day execution work of keeping it going. But people need to stay connected to the boldness, to the vision, and stay plugged in to the main vein of the dream.
Michelle Malkin|If the first words out of your mouth are to cry ‘political correctness!’, … chances are very, very high that you are in fact part of the problem.
Elizabeth Scott, Something, Maybe|Okay, I guess you can come in.""Um, Hannah, you have to, you know, open the front door so I can actually come in.""I thought you were going to - you're standing under my window. Aren't you supposed to climb up here or something?""My ladder's at home. Also, you call throwing rocks at your window clichéd?
Zig Ziglar|The private things of lifewhat you do when eyes are averted, curtains are drawn shut, the expected are delayed, wife and kids vacate for leisurely merriments, when doors are latched, your eyes are held captive, ‘priority’ beckons, and ‘the’ perverse emerges…..Tantamount to accountability is transparency which tends toward freedom!…. what you do in private is who you really are!
Don Draper|Make it simple, but significant.
Jeanette Winterson, Art & Lies: A Piece for Three Voices and a Bawd|Understand that sexuality is as wide as the sea. Understand that your morality is not law. Understand that we are you. Understand that if we decide to have sex whether safe, safer, or unsafe, it is our decision and you have no rights in our lovemaking.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|patience is a virtueSometimes in our different relations, there are challenges that lead to misunderstanding and quarrel. But it will take a very good substance, that will sustain and make everything enjoyable. It is patience, a very important virtue. When you are down, facing a situation that eat you up, don't rush into conclusion but just be patient. God bless you.
Robert Schumann|When you play, never mind who listens to you.
J.M. Coetzee|The body, I had been taught, wants only to live. Suicide, I had understood, is an act not of the body against itself but of the will against the body. Yet here I beheld a body that was going to die rather than change its nature.
Neil Gaiman|This will not be the end of the Clans. As long as I have breath in body, the Clans will be safe.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|To understand the immeasurable, the mind must be extraordinarily quiet, still.
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability|The painter folded back the heavy curtain, standing in the stream of light breaking through the damp thickness of the room. He paused, still holding the drape in his hand as he considered with suspicion that a world could exist outside the window.
Robin Hobb, Ship of Destiny|The last five years had been a series of carefully orchestrated events. Every move, every strategy had been poured over in painstaking detail before it was set into motion. Pieces on a chess board. A collision of fate and circumstance. I’d planned for every hitch. Every contingency. Except the one that blindsided me like a vat of acid to the face. I fell in love with her.
Melina Marchetta, Saving Francesca|A piece of me is gone," she told me once while we were bra shopping. "I think we're made up of all these different pieces and every time someone goes, you're left with less of yourself.
Deyth Banger|It's difficult from one story to jump in another story, 2 stories are okay for one hour. But more and more characters you start losing the link. (Thriller 2)
Mike Colter|I'm gluten intolerant, so that automatically cuts carbs from my diet.
Iain Banks, Whit|And then, every time I didn't see her, there was a fall involved. I thought about dancing on the fifth-floor ledge outside out apartment. Every train she wasn't on felt something like hitting the pavement from five floors up. So maybe my father was right about that. Maybe happiness and excitement really are dangerous things.
Marco Rubio|In the hands of the ego, marriage is a prison. It is exclusive. It is a place where people are constantly reminded of their failures and limited by the energies of another person. It is rife with judgment and blame.
Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme|The doctor asked me recently how I was feeling within myself, I replied, “absolutely fine doctor, but I’m terribly lonely without myself.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|A strange thing happened to me in my dream. I was rapt into the Seventh Heaven. There sat all the gods assembled. As a special dispensation I was granted the favor to have one wish. "Do you wish for youth," said Mercury, "or for beauty, or power, or a long life; or do you wish for the most beautiful woman, or any other of the many fine things we have in our treasure trove? Choose, but only one thing!" For a moment I was at a loss. Then I addressed the gods in this wise: "Most honorable contemporaries, I choose one thing — that I may always have the laughs on my side." Not one god made answer, but all began to laugh. From this I concluded that my wish had been granted and thought that the gods knew how to express themselves with good taste: for it would surely have been inappropriate to answer gravely: your wish has been granted.
Jean Rhys, Good Morning, Midnight|Well, let's argue this out, Mr Blank. You, who represent Society, have the right to pay me four hundred francs a month. That's my market value, for I am an inefficient member of Society, slow in the uptake, uncertain, slightly damaged in the fray, there's no denying it. So you have the right to pay me four hundred francs a month, to lodge me in a small, dark room, to clothe me shabbily, to harass me with worry and monotony and unsatisfied longings till you get me to the point when I blush at a look, cry at a word. We can't all be happy, we can't all be rich, we can't all be lucky - and it would be so much less fun if we were. Isn't it so, Mr Blank? There must be the dark background to show up the bright colours. Some must cry so that the others may be able to laugh the more heartily.
Billy Joel|In every heart there is a room,A sanctuary safe and strong,To heal the wounds from lovers past,Until a new one comes along
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Blessed are you, all who put your hope and trust in the Lord.
Jincy Willett|Once, before leaving on vacation, I copied an entire page from an Alice Munro story and left it in my typewriter, hoping a burglar might come upon it and mistake her words for my own. That an intruder would spend his valuable time reading, that he might be impressed by the description of a crooked face, was something I did not question, as I believed, and still do, that stories save you.
Shirley Jackson, The Haunting of Hill House|You will never be pretty enough, skinny enough, smart enough, successful enough, or famous enough for the media
Dorothy L. Sayers, Gaudy Night|Ah, what broken creatures we are, and how we endure.
Marie Lu, Legend|Thinking is so easy and natural, you have to do it when you're on a rock, in the middle of the ocean.
Lacey Alexander, Lynda's Lace|baptizing all containers with an orifice that appeals to their cock is the trivial pursuit of little boys" (23)(rbt: every "boy" i know has done this at least 15 times -- why?)
Stacia Kane|If we are not ashamed to think it, we should not be ashamed to say it.
Amit Kalantri|You should praise, criticize and flirt with people right to their face, only then it will make a difference.
Iris Johansen|But it's natural for men to compete against each other. We've been doing it since the cave days. Why else do we have wars? Wars are competition, no matter what the politicians call them.
Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations|Your greatest awakening comes, when you are aware about your infinite nature.
Robert Burns|Your thoughts were deeper than your mind, your little eyes pierced through the heart of your nation.
Mila Gray, Come Back to Me|Does he tell you that you’re allhe thinks about? Does he tell you that he lives for you?That he breathes for you? That he dreams of you everydamn moment, awake and asleep? Does he tell you anyof that?’ He pauses to look at me and I try to keep a blankface. ‘No, I didn’t think so,’ he says quietly.
Beth Simone Noveck|I was playing in bands and doing gigs from the age of 14 on. I stopped at the age of 28. Technology replaced me. As soon as I saw what computers can do, I didn't think there would be a point for a live drummer.
Josh Radnor|Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Bagombo Snuff Box|Be a sadist. No matter how sweet and innocent your leading characters, make awful things happen to them -- in order that the reader may see what they are made of."[From the preface.]
Victor Hugo, Ninety-Three|History has its truth, and so has legend. Legendary truth is of another nature than historical truth. Legendary truth is invention whose result is reality. Furthermore, history and legend have the same goal; to depict eternal man beneath momentary man.
Yuval Noah Harari, Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind|As human being, we live in a perpetual conversation between conversation and violence; what apart from fundamental willingness to be reasonable, can guarantee that we will keep talking to one another?
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, God Is in the Manger: Reflections on Advent and Christmas|God can make a new beginning with people whenever God pleases, but not people with God. Therefore, people cannot make a new beginning at all; they can only pray for one. Where people are on their own and live by their own devices, there is only the old, the past.
Rogers Hornsby|Golf is a game in which you yell 'fore,' shoot six, and write down five.
Tyler Cowen|My mother, we were a very poor family. When I was a kid, we would be in our little room, and there would be a knock on the door almost every night with a hobo begging for food. Even though we didn't even have enough to eat, my mother always found something to give them.
Michael Makai, Domination & Submission: The BDSM Relationship Handbook|She saw the shallow lines beaded with blood in her long mirror, and when he told her that she was beautiful, she believed him.
J. Limbu|Sometimes life seems a dark tunnel with no light at the end, but if you just keep moving forward, you will end up in a better place.
Robert Morgan|I don't think poetry is something that can be taught. We can encourage young writers, but what you can't teach them is the very essence of poetry.
George E. Sargent, The Story Of Charles Ogilvie|Teach us to number our days, that we may gain a heart of wisdom.
Albert Camus|People can not be separated from their environment. Living consciousness is not an isolated unit. Human consciousness is increasing the order of the rest of the world and has an incredible power to heal ourselves and the world: in a certain sense we make the world as such, as we wish.
Nina Jean Slack|The heart that bleeds, knows true heartache.-Nina Jean Slack
Suzanne  Johnson, Pirateship Down|Something strange happens about dreams that Gloria has – the real world seems to get mixed up into the dreams and the dreams seem all the more real – with part of your mind you’re aware of what’s going on around you, but part of your mind is drifting and things start to get mixed up. What I’m trying to say is that the human mind has developed a safety valve and dreaming is really the unconscious mind (me in this case) clearing up the debris it has otherwise been unable to cope with on the conscious level – if this is so, then tonight’s dreams became like “a horror show” in which Gloria and I were literally imprisoned.”Gloria’s Helper
Galileo Galilei|It now becomes clear that consistency is not a property of a formal system per se, but depends on the interpretation which is proposed for it. By the same token, inconsistency is not an intrinsic property of any formal system.
Mary J. Ruwart|Our politicians tell us we are free, even though most governments take over 50% of what we earn. They claim we get services that we need for our hard-earned money, even though we could buy the same services at half the price from the private sector. Today, we ridicule the slave-owners' claim that they "gave back" to their slaves by housing, clothing, feeding them, and bestowing upon them the "benefits" of civilization instead of leaving them in their native state. We see this as a self-serving justification for exploitation. In the future, we will view being forcibly taxed to pay for things we don't want, such as bombs for the Middle East, subsidies for tobacco, other people's abortions, regulations that put small businesses out of business, prisons for people trying to feel good, keeping life-saving medications out of the hands of dying people, etc., as taking away our freedom. When even a small portion of our lives is spent enslaved, that part tends to dominate the rest of our time. If we don't put our servitude first as we structure the remainder of our lives, our masters will make sure we regret it. How much freedom do we need to survive and how much do we need to thrive?
Auliq Ice|Life is simple but if you don't put anything into it, you won't get anything out of it.
Bono|Sometimes you're sure dogs have some secret, superior intelligence, and other times you know they're only their simple, goofy selves.
Kimbal Musk|For about 175,000 people, Chiranjeevi Blood Bank has supplied blood for free in times of emergency. This is because of the service-oriented attitude of Mega fans.
J.R. Ward, Lover Awakened|As the middle child of the Laurel Canyon Adams Family, Whit was surprisingly chill on the subject of ampire-vays.
Joss Whedon|If you can't run, you crawl. If you can't crawl-- you find someone to carry you.
Johnny Rich|An unpublished writer should doubt themselves. They should constantly wonder whether what they’re creating has merit. And then, having doubted, they should take up their pen and see if they can’t make it better.
Carter Burwell|As an actor, particularly because I'm - I would call myself a character actor. I change my look, my physical appearance and my body, my hair color, my whatever all the time for a role.
Mike Ericksen, Upon Destiny's Song|In a matter of moments, I awakened to a life that wasn’t mine. It was like peering into a dark hidden world that I wasn’t supposed to know about and that my mind didn’t want to believe existed.
Akshay Vasu|We stand, gazing at each other, until Ivy moves again, pulling me into another super hug. But this time as my arms touch her waist, it somehow feels softer than before. I wish I could hold on forever.
Helen Keller, The Story of My Life: With Her Letters (1887 1901) and a Supplementary Account of Her Education Including Passages from the Reports and Letters of Her Teacher Anne Mansfield Sullivan by John Albert Macy|I began my studies with eagerness. Before me I saw a new world opening in beauty and light, and I felt within me the capacity to know all things. In the wonderland of Mind I should be as free as another [with sight and hearing]. Its people, scenery, manners, joys, and tragedies should be living tangible interpreters of the real world. The lecture halls seemed filled with the spirit of the great and wise, and I thought the professors were the embodiment of wisdom... But I soon discovered that college was not quite the romantic lyceum I had imagined. Many of the dreams that had delighted my young inexperience became beautifully less and "faded into the light of common day." Gradually I began to find that there were disadvantages in going to college. The one I felt and still feel most is lack of time. I used to have time to think, to reflect, my mind and I. We would sit together of an evening and listen to the inner melodies of the spirit, which one hears only in leisure moments when the words of some loved poet touch a deep, sweet chord in the soul that until then had been silent. But in college there is no time to commune with one's thoughts. One goes to college to learn, it seems, not to think. When one enters the portals of learning, one leaves the dearest pleasures – solitude, books and imagination – outside with the whispering pines. I suppose I ought to find some comfort in the thought that I am laying up treasures for future enjoyment, but I am improvident enough to prefer present joy to hoarding riches against a rainy day.
Cian Beirdd, Kediak of the Biainili|I take very few people seriously, and I'm not one of them.
Jean Rhys, Voyage in the Dark|An ache filled my chest, so sharp that I gasped out loud. Was this what a broken heart felt like? Was it possible to die from the pain? I’d always thought the girls at school so dramatic; when they broke up with their boyfriends, they cried and carried on for weeks. I didn’t think they needed to throw such a fuss. But I’d never been in love before.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|Youth is as easily wasted as a fine wine consumed by a drunken man. There is no poetry in aging, and Javert lived out the process in its most hideous iteration.
Michael Zadoorian, The Leisure Seeker|Where have the years gone, Ruby Rose? Sometimes I have to stop and think about how old I am. When I wake up in the morning, before I move this tired old body or look in the blasted mirror, I swear I'm still a young man. It just feels like yesterday. I don't know how it's gone so fast.
Thomas F. Rogers, Let Your Hearts and Minds Expand: Reflections on Faith, Reason, Charity, and Beauty|To those who in their turn selectively handle Mormon history and discourage our probing it in a number of areas, one needs to say (or at least to ask): Haven’t we been, if anything, overly cautious, overly mistrustful, overly condescending to a membership and a public who are far more perceptive and discerning than we often give them credit for? Haven’t we, in our care not to offend a soul or cause anyone the least misunderstanding, too much deprived such individuals of needful occasions for personal growth and more in-depth life-probing experience? In our neurotic cautiousness, our fear of venturing, haven’t we often settled for an all-too-shallow and confining common denominator that insults the very Intelligence we presume to glorify and is also dishonest because, deep down, we all know better (to the extent that we do)? Isn’t our intervention often too arbitrary, reflecting the hasty, uninformed reaction of only one or a couple of influential objectors? Don’t we in the process too severely and needlessly test the loyalty and respect of and lose credibility with many more than we imagine? Isn’t there a tendency among us, bred by the fear of displeasing, to avoid healthy self-disclosure—public or private—and to pretend about ourselves to ourselves and others? Doesn’t this in turn breed loneliness and make us, more than it should, strangers to each other? And when we are too calculating, too self-conscious, too mistrustful, too prescriptive, and too regimental about our roots and about one another’s aesthetic, intellectual, and spiritual life, aren’t we self-defeating?
Chris Brown|Rhyme patterns are nothing without meanings to the words. A lot of rappers can do those flows, but the raps aren't really about anything - which is cool sometimes, but to have the flow and the message is one of my favorite things.
Sunday Adelaja|He who is born of God, overcomes the world
Henri Becquerel|It was the week after Easter holidays, and he was journeying along with Smart the mare and the light spring-cart, watching the damp slopes of the hill-sides as they steamed in the warmth of the sun, which at this unsettled season shone on the grass with the freshness of an occasional inspector rather than as an accustomed proprietor.
Anthony Liccione|The mind can fool the heart, as the heart can fool the mind.
Craig Krishna, The Labyrinth: Rewiring the Nodes in the Maze of your Mind|Meditation has also been proven scientifically to untangle and rewire the neurological pathways in the brain that make up the conditioned personality. Buddhist monks, for example, have had their brains scanned by scientists as they sat still in deep altered states of consciousness invoked by transcendental meditation and the scientists were amazed at what they beheld. The frontal lobes of the monks lit up as bright as the sun! They were in states of peace and happiness the scientists had never seen before. Meditation invokes that which is known in neuroscience as neuroplasticity; which is the loosening of the old nerve cells or hardwiring in the brain, to make space for the new to emerge. Meditation, in this sense, is a fire that burns away the old or conditioned self, in the Bhagavad Gita, this is known as the Yajna;“All karma or effects of actions are completely burned away from the liberated being who, free from attachment, with his physical mind enveloped in wisdom (the higher self), performs the true spiritual fire rite.
Akira Toriyama|She walked beside Jared, four inches of rain-dashed darkness between her hanging wrist and his.
Janet Kagan, Uhura's Song|we're looking for a planeet on the strength of a song. it's crazy I know, but its the only chance we have to do something useful." ...Evan Wilson said gravely "I think you're as crazy as Heinrich Schliemann - and you know what happened to him!""What" ..."you don't know what happened to him?" she asked her blue eyes widening in astonishment."Ever read Homer's Iliad, Captain?" ..."I don't know what translation you read Doctor, but there was no Heinrich Schliemann in mine - or in the Odyssey." "That depends on how you look at it." smiling she settled back into her chair and went on,"Heinrich Schliemann was from Earth, pre-federation days, and he read Homer too. No, not just read him, believed him. So he set out at his own expense-mind you, I doubt he could have found anyone else to fund such a crazy endeavor - to find Troy, a city that most of the educated people of his time considered pure invention on Homer's part." "And?""And he found it. Next time you're on earth, stop by the Troy Museum. the artifacts are magnificent, and every one of them was found on the strength of a song.
Robert Kennedy|Adroit geo-strategists take new realities into account as they try to imagine how global politics will unfold. In the foreign policy business, however, inertia is a powerful force and 'adroit' a little-known concept.
Martha Gellhorn|Our hearts are light and gay because now its happening, we're starting, we're travelling again.
Sharon Lovejoy, Running Out of Night|Lush, detailed, total-immersion storytelling.–Kirkus Review
Daniel Radcliffe|Economics has many substantive areas of knowledge where there is agreement, but also contains areas of controversy. That's inescapable.
Mandy Len Catron, How to Fall in Love with Anyone: A Memoir in Essays|Love stories have endings, but love itself is ongoing and continually warped and renewed by the people who do the loving.
Ken Ilgunas, Walden on Wheels: On the Open Road from Debt to Freedom|Toad must have been very accustomed to traveling this way, balanced on the back rails of a rushing buggy, but Melena was not. She gripped the sides and white-knuckled the rails with her knapsack sandwiched between her knees. Hazel was clamped onto the roof, grinning like an alligator in the sun. And Toad lounged like a cat.
Nadia Giosia|From the described experiment it is clear that the mere act of eating, the food even not reaching the stomach, determines the stimulation of the gastric glands.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|Do you wish me a good morning, or mean that it is a good morning whether I want it or not; or that you feel good this morning; or that it is a morning to be good on?
Giuseppe Zanotti|This quarterback Weeden can drive the ball down field. He's a thing of beauty on throwing a football. His passing motion and his arm, frankly, you won't see a more gifted passer, power, accuracy, the entire aspect of it.
Oscar Wilde|Briefly summarising, we can express the proposed law thus: consciousness is bound up with learning in organic substance; organic competence is unconscious. Still more briefly, and put in a form which is admittedly rather obscure and open to misunderstanding: Becoming is conscious, being unconscious.
David Harsanyi|I rent a Jacobean-fronted hunting lodge in Hampshire from the National Trust and like to go there as much as possible. I've grown to love it so much, especially when writing my memoirs there at weekends.
Omar N. Bradley|I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
Franz Wright, Kindertotenwald: Prose Poems|This is no occupation for an adult who can look other adults in the eye, carry his own weight, and count himself one of them.
Candace Bushnell, Trading Up|Young people think they never can change, but they do in the most wonderful manner, and very few die of broken hearts.
Sharon Biggs Waller, A Mad, Wicked Folly|Oh, I didn't think it wise to hide it. Might not be able to find it again," I say, cheerily. "It's sitting in plain view on your chair in the great hall. I do hope that was the best place for it.
Eric Diehl|I would rather never make a penny on book sales and know that many had derived some fair pleasure from my writing, than to know that very few had ever taken a chance on my work. I certainly won't last forever, but I'd love to think that my imagination will continue to surface in the minds of others.
Ron Brackin|The door opens, and I turn my head, my heart thudding at the sight of Griffin. Tall, broad, muscular but sleek, he stalks into the room like a predator, his gait balanced and sure, his glittering, gray eyes focused entirely on me. Inky hair, a hawkish nose, that stubborn jaw, and thick, black stubble make him look hard and intimidating. With his sword strapped on and his dark brows lowered, he’s a warlord on the prowl.	I shiver. I couldn’t want him more.
S. Joel Garver|we live our lives from the "inside", from the vantage point of our own personal mini-cam on life. This gives us privileged access to what's going on inside our own heads. But sometimes we can be too close to ourselves to see us as we truly are. We lack perspective, objectivity. That's where friends can help. Friends can tell you when you're selfish or rude or making a total fool of yourself. Conversely, they can let you know when you're being kind or generous or need to lighten up on yourself.
Ester Buchholz|Others inspire us, information feeds us, practice improves our performance, but we need quiet time to figure things out, to emerge with new discoveries, to unearth original answers.
Mark Hyman|The food here is terrible, and the portions are too small.
Shannon L. Alder|If you're stressing over happiness, you're doing it wrong!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May you find renewed energy, courage and hope to pursue new adventures.
Gary   Hopkins|...some men are born out of their due place. Accident has cast them amid certain surroundings, but they have always a nostalgia for a home they know not.
Chaim Potok, In the Beginning|I will go wherever the truth leads me. It is secular scholarship, Rebbe; it is not the scholarship of tradition. In secular scholarship there are no boundaries and no permanently fixed views.”Lurie, if the Torah cannot go out into your world of scholarship and return stronger, then we are all fools and charlatans. I have faith in the Torah. I am not afraid of truth.
Stan Tatkin, Wired for Love: How Understanding Your Partner's Brain and Attachment Style Can Help You Defuse Conflict and Build a Secure Relationship|The couple bubble is an agreement to put the relationship before anything and everything else. It means putting your partner's well-being, self-esteem and distress relief first. And it means your partner does the same for you. You both agree to do it for each other. Therefore, you say to each other, "We come first." In this way, you cement your relationship. It is like making a pact or taking a vow, or like reinforcing a vow you already took with one another.
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|When I said, “I am my mother, but I’m not,” I was saying my path would be my own.
Pittacus Lore, I Am Number Four|No. Don't give up hope just yet. It's the last thing to go. When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.
Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro|On a whitely cloudy day I get sad, almost afraid,And I begin to meditate about problems I make up.
Edward M. Hallowell, Dare to Forgive: The Power of Letting Go & Moving on|Forgiveness is not turning the other cheek. Forgiveness is not running away. Forgiveness does not mean that you condone what the person has done, nor does it mean that you invite them to do it again. It doesn't mean that you forget the offense, nor does it mean that by forgiving you tacitly invite bad things to happen again. It doesn't mean that you won't defend yourself.
J.F. Baldwin|The question is not, who uses faith and who uses reason? Everyone uses both. The question instead should be, who has the most reasonable faith?
Jadah McCoy, Artificial|In return, Giovanni told me that empathizing Italians say L'ho provato sulla mia pelle, which means 'I have experienced that on my own skin.' Meaning, I have also been burned or scarred in this way, and I know exactly what you're going through.
Gong Li|Every baseball crowd, like every theatre audience, has its own distinctive attitude and atmosphere.
Ian Ségal, Castling the Crowns|So How Much of a THING or THINGS is Enough? And if you have EVERYTHING, have you achieved perfect HAPPINESS?
Philip K. Dick, Confessions of a Crap Artist|Why was it considered normal for a girl to live for fashion and makeup, but not car engines or bugs? And what about sports fanatics? My mom had a boyfriend who would flip out if he missed even a minute of a football game. Wouldn't that be what doctors considered autistic behavior?
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|I have been thinking about the idea of excuses for some time now. They are like menacing demons that creep into our lives without us knowing. They are roadblocks, white lies to ourselves, a reason to set the bar lower, and self-justification for achieving less than our full potential.
C. JoyBell C.|I have realized; it is during the times I am far outside my element that I experience myself the most. That I see and feel who I really am, the most! I think that's what a comet is like, you see, a comet is born in the outer realms of the universe! But it's only when it ventures too close to our sun or to other stars that it releases the blazing "tail" behind it and shoots brazen through the heavens! And meteors become sucked into our atmosphere before they burst like firecrackers and realize that they're shooting stars! That's why I enjoy taking myself out of my own element, my own comfort zone, and hurling myself out into the unknown. Because it's during those scary moments, those unsure steps taken, that I am able to see that I'm like a comet hitting a new atmosphere: suddenly I illuminate magnificently and fire dusts begin to fall off of me! I discover a smile I didn't know I had, I uncover a feeling that I didn't know existed in me... I see myself. I'm a shooting star. A meteor shower. But I'm not going to die out. I guess I'm more like a comet then. I'm just going to keep on coming back.
M.J. O'Shea|Spinning, flying, dreaming, falling, Running when I hear you calling, Even when you’re far from reach, I still can’t catch my breath.”Elliot paused and let Chris’s guitar echo for a long moment before he practically whispered the final line into his microphone.“The one you took from me….
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|She was not the sort of woman guys settle for. She was the one they lust after and strive for. She was the one who ruins other people's relationships simply by existing, but she will always be surmounted as guys come to realize the virtues of the approachable girl next door. She was, in brief, too pretty to be trusted or had.
Mehmet Murat ildan, Galileo Galilei|Religion now has degenerated and it has turned into a wolf; it has opened its mouth to show his ugly teeth; its spreading fear instead of love; and science has hidden in a corner like a lamb, trembling with fear!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Desire, Desire, Desire!!!Desire to love.Desire to seek.Desire to ask.
Donna Grant, Dark Alpha's Embrace|Kyran was a Dark Fae, but that's not what she saw when she loo9ked at him. She saw a man who was devoted to his friends and his cause. She saw a man who was haunted by his past.	She saw a man who made her think of the future.
Nichol Bradford, The Sisterhood|By their hands, we succeed. By their arrogance, we prosper. They believed we would always play the game. Blocked by their certainty of our inferiority, they never imagined we would cease to collaborate in our own oppression.
James Surowiecki|If you work for Google or Apple, stock options give you a chance to share in the increasing value of the company. In the N.F.L., nothing like this happens; the players, though rich, are just working stiffs like the rest of us.
Fabrizio Moreira|What's been missing from regions outside of Silicon Valley is a 'playbook.' In American football, a playbook contains a sports team's strategies and plays. It struck me that every region needs its own industry playbook on how to compete globally.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|You'll wake up one day and find you're almost forty, and you haven't done any of the things you wanted. That you let in so many voices when you were trying to make decisions, instead of listening to the One voice that mattered, that you never decided anything at all.
Alessia Cara|Solyndra's failure isn't a reason for the government to give up on alternative energy, any more than the failure of Pets.com during the Internet bubble means that venture capital should steer clear of tech projects.
Vladimir Nabokov|When silence greeted her question, she looked at Caine—for that was how he saw himself in that moment and in all the moments after: his brother’s murderer.
Karl Marx|I deeply believe that if the Australian Labor Party, a party of which I have been a proud member for more than 30 years, is to have the best future for our nation, then it must change fundamentally its culture and to end the power of faceless men. Australia must be governed by the people, not by the factions.
Dan Gemeinhart, The Honest Truth|Macadamia nuts can be fatal to dogs, sometimes causing seizures and kidney failure.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Life can grow sweeter and more rewarding as we grow older if we possess the presence of Christ. Sunsets are always glorious. It is Christ who adds colors, glory, and beauty to man’s sunsets.
Samuel R. Delany, Dhalgren|We're all stories in the end. Just make it a good one, eh ?
Sunday Adelaja|Men of honor, men of God in a healthy society, stand in defense of justice
Rick Riordan, The Red Pyramid|She blinked. "Hmm? Oh, don't care. What did Anubis look like to you?""What did... he looked like a guy. So?""A good-looking guy, or a slobbering dog-headed guy?""I guess... Not the dog-headed guy.""I knew it!" Sadie pointed at me as if she'd won an argument."Good-looking. I knew it!"And with a ridiculous grin, she spun around and skipped into the house. My sister, as I may have mentioned, is a little strange.
Wiz Khalifa|Oh my God, I sweat so much! You have to keep deodorant in your purse and use those deodorising wipes that cool you off a bit.
Elisabeth Elliot, Passion and Purity: Learning to Bring Your Love Life Under Christ's Control|If we hold tightly to anything given to us unwilling to allow it to be used as the Giver means it to be used we stunt the growth of the soul. What God gives us is not necessarily "ours" but only ours to offer back to him, ours to relinguish, ours to lose, ours to let go of, if we want to be our true selves. Many deaths must go into reaching our maturity in Christ, many letting goes.
J.R. Ward, The Black Dagger Brotherhood: An Insider's Guide|Personally, I think so-called "common language" is more interesting and apropos than "proper English"; it's passionate and powerful in ways that "wherefore art thou ass and thy elbow" just isn't.
Ana Claudia Antunes|Most of my novels were developped from dreams I had. A dreamer I AM! Literally , at 1 AM. A dream with 140 characters is to dream an impossible dream. Too many characters to develoo from it. But in twitter that worked just fine for me,
Lynsey Addario|One of the disadvantages of poetry over popular music is that if you write a pop song, it naturally gets into people's heads as they listen in the car. You don't have to memorize a Paul Simon song; it's just in your head, and you can sing along. With a poem, you have to will yourself to memorize it.
Dan Abnett, Doctor Who: The Silent Stars Go By|Rebuild your world, rebuild your race, rebuild your empire. Rebuild it all. But make sure you rebuild your ideals too. Rebuild the principles that made you a great and honorable galactic power in the first place. Don't prey on the weak. Don't steal from the helpless. Don't murder the innocent. Be a force for good, not a force for yourself.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|The problem, of course, was that [he] saw the world in black and white. And he got to decide what was black and what was white. You can't love a person who lives that way without fearing him too. Maybe even hating him a little.
Felicia Day, You're Never Weird on the Internet|They focused a large amount of their wrath on people trying to add dialogue about feminism and diversity in gaming, condemning them as “Social Justice Warriors.” (That label was always so weird to me, because how is that an insult? “Social Justice Warrior” actually sounds pretty badass.)
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature|Language can only deal meaningfully with a special, restricted segment of reality. The rest, and it is presumably the much larger part, is silence.
Christina Milian|I fell in love with stories watching a British television puppet show called 'Thunderbirds' when it first came out on TV, about 1965, so I would have been 4 or 5 years old. I went out into the garden at my mom and dad's house, and I used to play with my little dinky toys, little cars and trucks and things.
미프진판매 홈피:bbh.ow.to  ✉✉✉카톡:EEE388 텔레:EEE388|Time equals life; therefore, waste your time and waste of your life, or master your time and master your life.
Curious George Brigade, Anarchy in the Age of Dinosaurs|Accident - A statistical inevitability. Some nuclear power plants are built on fault lines, but ever mine, dam, oil rig, and waste dump is founded upon a tacit acceptance of the worst-case scenario. One a long enough timeline, everything that can go wrong will, however small the likelihood is from one day to the next. The responsible parties may wring their hands about the Fukushima meltdown - and the Gult of Mexico oil spill, and the Exxon Valdez, and Hurricane Katrina, and Chernobyl, and Haiti - but accident is no accident.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|and Billy rolled in. “Thought you might like some wake-up.” Bingo,
Matthew Desmond|There is a deep connection, when we're talking about certain market forces and a legal structure that inhibits low or moderate income families from getting ahead. Eviction is part of a business model at the bottom of the market.
Maya Thiagarajan, Beyond the Tiger Mom: East-West Parenting for the Global Age|While some American education experts may say that all learning should be 'fun,' I personally believe that the word "fun' is the wrong word to use. Learning should be challenging, meaningful, rigorous, engrossing, interesting, and satisfying.
Sarah Caudwell, The Sibyl in Her Grave|I should explain — in view of my last letter, you may find it slightly surprising — that Daphne and I are now bosom friends. That is to say, she seems to think we are; and I do not feel that I know her well enough to dispute it.
Virginia  Martin, Faith Without Borders: A Devotional to Inspire You to Step Out in Faith.|Hope is the light that flickers and burns eternally, when you remain steadfast with faith.
R.J. Palacio, Wonder|no, no, it's not all random, if it really was all random, the universe would abandon us completely. and the universe doesn't. it takes care of its most fragile creations in ways we can't see. like with parents who adore you blindly. and a big sister who feels guilty for being human over you. and a little gravelly-voiced kid whose friends have left him over you. and even a pink-haired girl who carries your picture in her wallet. maybe it is a lottery, but the universe makes it all even out in the end. the universe takes care of all its birds.
Debasish Mridha|The mind is the treasury for knowledge, but the heart is the treasury for love and kindness.
Cheryl Sterling, What Do You Say to a Naked Elf?|The stone blurred. The hole expanded to twice its previous size. Unable to believe she’d actually changed its shape, Jane threw all her weight into the next effort.An opening the size of a refrigerator formed and stabilized.Jane blinked in surprise. She looked over to Muttle. He smiled, delight dancing across his face.“Well, bless my buttons,” she exclaimed. “Come on, Scarecrow, we’re off to see the Wizard.” Taking her rescuer’s hand, she walked through the gap.
Henry Ward Beecher|It's not beauty but fine qualities, my girl, that keep a husband.
Anthony de Mello, Awareness: Conversations with the Masters|The only way someone can be of help to you is in challenging your ideas. If you're ready to listen and if you're ready to be challenged, there's one thing that you can do, but no one can help you. What is this most important thing of all? It's called self-observation.
Tom Felton|I really liked the snake that breaks out of the cage in the beginning of the movie. I saw it in real life, and it was really cool. Really big and fat. The owls are cool as well, but you can't really pet them.
Edward M. Kennedy|The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die.
John of Kronstadt|Every man on earth is sick with the fever of sin, with the blindness of sin and is overcome with its fury. As sins consist mostly of malice and pride, it is necessary to treat everyone who suffers from the malady of sin with kindness and love. This is an important truth, which we often forget. Very often we act in the opposite manner: we add malice to malice by our anger, we oppose pride with pride. Thus, evil grows within us and does not decrease; it is not cured – rather it spreads
Brenda Perlin, Shattered Reality|I was physically attacked by a woman who didn’t even know me. Yes, my boyfriend was her former husband, but she tried to ruin me.
Tina Carreiro, Power of the Moon|We all have scars, Mia; they are supposed to make you stronger, not paralyze you.” ~Cole
Janet O. Hagberg, The Critical Journey: Stages in the Life of Faith|We cannot escape most of the crises in our lives, nor should we. In fact, these events frequently provide the energy for movement on our spiritual journey, even when we are stuck along the way... we ask questions about our own life. We wonder about meaning. Our present view may become inadequate. We ask deeper questions. Even joyful experiences can propel us forward.
Raimbaut de Vaqueyras|You ever get the feeling your life is a string festooned with bells and tie4d to hundreds of others you don't know anything about? And that sometimes somebody pulls their string, and your bells ring?" Gary looked at me a long moment before rather gently saying, "Yes and no, darlin'. We all get that feeling from time to time. Difference is, with you, it could be real.
Steve Martin, An Object of Beauty|His father had always said, Son, the most important thing in life is to make a contribution. Who would have thought Kittridge’s contribution would be video-blogging from the front lines of the apocalypse?
Cecelia Ahern, Flawed|When you break something, you´re not just breaking the thing, you´re like hurting everyone who made it was.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Because we were not in our country, we could not use our own languages, and so when we spoke our voices came out bruised.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|If you want to be sure of unusual thing such as aliens or UFOs, then you have to think about it from an unusual way of thinking.
Thomas Nagel|In 1983, before computers came along, it wasn't easy to do electronic basslines and rhythms.
|When you start to focus on your daily positive experiences, you would surely come to realize that there is always something to be thankful for each day.
Nadja Sam|With or without 'college' we are able to use our senses by perceiving the world around us, that in turn shapes and creates ones own reality. Perception is reality. My 'reality' is not the same as your 'reality' since we all have a different mental database, life experience, physiology, different characteristics, environments we grew up and people we hang out with, etc. I might fall in love with a certain smell while it triggers bad memories for someone else. Same goes for the other senses while perceiving 'reality'. And how real is this so called 'reality' anyway? Our senses can be quite limited compared to a camera or other living creatures on the planet. There are sounds and colours humans can not detect with their senses. We in fact do not perceive the whole 'picture'. The most important things in life are unseen. My point is that we do not need hierarchic, indoctrinating, and capitalized institution called 'science' to tell us what, when, why, and how to think, experiment, sense, and live our lives. Long before there was any 'science', there was sense first.
Virginia Woolf, The Common Reader|Let us record the atoms as they fall upon the mind in the order in which they fall, let us trace the pattern, however disconnected and incoherent in appearance, which each sight or incident scores upon the consciousness. Let us not take it for granted that life exists more fully in what is commonly thought big than in what is commonly thought small.
Tali Alexander, Lost in Rewind|Every part of you was made for me. Your lips were made to kiss mine, your eyes were made to wake up to me looking at you in my bed every morning, and your fucking tongue was made to roll my name off of it. I am more certain of us than I'm certain I require oxygen to breathe.
Toni Blake, Half Moon Hill|We don't always get what we want. And sometimes, when we do, it's not worth the price.
Rene Denfeld, The Child Finder|Ever console or scold people hurt in human relationships that satisfaction comes from God alone? Stop. Adam's fellowship with God was perfect, and God Himself declared Adam needed other humans.
Simon Sebag Montefiore, Stalin: The Court of the Red Tsar|Where does it hurt? She lifted her fingers to her cheekbone. Here.He moved slightly to place a soft, gentle kiss against the bruise.And here, she said, touching her forehead.He kissed her again.And here … She put her fingers to her mouth.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|I would rather sit on a pumpkin, and have it all to myself, than be crowded on a velvet cushion.
Susan Dishell, The Little Buddha|When it comes to happiness, there is a choice to be made, let go of negativity, do not let your light fade.﻿
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|To make mistakes or be wrong is human. To admit those mistakes shows you have the ability to learn, and are growing wiser.
Vladimir Nabokov, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|It hardly mattered. She was tired of waiting for him to acknowledge who he was. Tired of donning a false mask of gaiety when she was so much more—felt so much more—beneath. No one had ever noticed her mask. No one but him. If he couldn’t or wouldn’t make the first move, then damn it, she would.
Henry Fairfield Osborn|Evolution on the large scale unfolds, like much of human history, as a succession of dynasties.
Joshua Wimbush|Depression is not the lack of happiness, it' the imbalance of it.
bell hooks, Killing Rage: Ending Racism|While it is positive for young black males and females to learn discipline and self-responsibility, those attitudes, values, and habits of being can be taught with pedagogical strategies that are liberatory, that do not rely on coercive control and punishment to reinforce positive behavior.
Nia Vardalos|I was in a fertility situation publicly, so I disappeared. I was very satisfied just being to able to creatively express myself with writing. The white hot publicity that came from 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding' was appreciated but not sought, so I was happy to walk away from it and then write.
Teresa R. Funke, Bursts of Brilliance for a Creative Life blog|Spend one more day in pursuit of art that only you can produce, and somewhere, someone is envying your courage to do just that.
Alena Graedon, The Word Exchange|People become so obsessed with the future, they make it up.
Kirk Cameron|There should be weeping at a man's birth, not at his death.
Michael Alexander, Beowulf|Ten thousand men possess ten thousand hopes. A few bear fruit in happiness; the others go awry. But he who garners day by day the good life, he is happiest.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Dear fear, I’m divorcing you. Dear courage, I’m courting you. Dear hope, I’m pursuing you. Dear love, I’m marrying you.
Ashish Patel|Some people seem to have a black belt in selfishness... ninja narcissists with no regard to how they impact those around them… but at the same time, a master at the art of playing victim.
Jimmy Fallon|Anyone who's a chef, who loves food, ultimately knows that all that matters is: 'Is it good? Does it give pleasure?'
Jennifer McMahon|The primary source of the appeal of Christianity was Jesus - His incarnation, His life, His crucifixion, and His resurrection.
David Wolfe, Longevity Now: A Comprehensive Approach to Healthy Hormones, Detoxification, Super Immunity, Reversing Calcification, and Total Rejuvenation|Smoking’s banned in my house. Cigarettes harm your body,” he said, knocking back half of the bottle of beer.
Marquis de Sade|Imagination, the supreme delight of the immortal and the immature, should be limited. In order to enjoy life, we should not enjoy it too much.
Levi Woodbury|In any community there's a strong pull home. People want to return, see their community get better economically and socially. You can build those community-grown opportunities for the kids who've graduated from college to return home, to provide businesses and support things going on. It'll only happen through education.
Sarah Ruhl, The Oldest Boy: A Play in Three Ceremonies|Every day as I wave to my children when I drop them off at school, or let one of them have a new experience—like crossing the street without holding my hand—I experience the struggle between love and non-attachment. It is hard to bear—the extreme love of one’s child and the thought that ultimately the child belongs to the world. There is this horrible design flaw—children are supposed to grow up and away from you; and one of you will die first.
Jimbo J. Antipolo|How wonderful it must be, to be unable to remember things that once caused us distress. Yet we should embrace all our memories, whether joyful or painful. They're all we ever really own in this life.
John Donne, Devotions Upon Emergent Occasions|We say that the world is made of sea and land, as though they were equal; but we know that there is more sea in the Western than in the Eastern hemisphere. We say that the firmament is full of stars, as though it were equally full; but we know that there are more stars under the Northern than the Southern pole. We say the element of man are misery and happiness, as though he had an equal proportion of both, and the days of man vicissitudinary, as though he had as many good days as ill, and that he lived under a perpetual equinoctial, night and day equal, good and ill fortune in the same measure. But it is far from that; he drinks in misery, and he tastes happiness; he journeys in misery, he does but walk in happiness: and, which is worstn his misery is positive and dogmatical, his happiness is but disputable and problematical: all men call misery misery, but happiness changes the name by the taste of man.
Shahida Arabi|When you notice someone does something toxic the first time, don't wait for the second time before you address it or cut them off. Many survivors are used to the "wait and see" tactic which only leaves them vulnerable to a second attack. As your boundaries get stronger, the wait time gets shorter. You never have justify your intuition.
John A. Widtsoe, Rational Theology|Man must learn to know the universe precisely as it is, or he cannot successfully find his place in it. A man should therefore use his reasoning faculty in all matters involving truth, and especially as concerning his religion. He must learn to distinguish between truth and error.
Amy Tan|Maybe she'd seen too many Japanese horror movies, and maybe it was just a tingle of warning from generations of superstitious ancestors, but suddenly she knew that what Alyssa wanted was not to be saved, but for Shane to join her. In death.
George Sand|I have no faith in human perfectability. I think that human exertion will have no appreciable effect upon humanity. Man is now only more active - not more happy - nor more wise, than he was 6000 years ago.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Oftentimes in a society when people of a certain type, whether individual or a group, are subconsciously portrayed by the media as abnormal, they also slowly, subconsciously become enemies of that society due to feelings of cultural guilt. Ultimately by this the inflated media is an enemy of its very own cause.
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Ghosts and Other Lectures|As a young man I was scornful about the supernatural but as I have got older, the sharp line that divided the credible from the incredible has tended to blur; I am aware that the whole world is slightly incredible
Renzo Piano|There is something about giving everything to your profession. In Italian, an obsession is not necessarily negative. It's the art of putting all your energy into one thing; it's the art of transforming even what you eat for lunch into architecture.
Dawn Perlmutter|Women’s marches are a clever progressive divide and conquer strategy that not only turns women against men, but also turns women against each other in the guise of peace and solidarity. It is a brilliant tactic to employ media propaganda to make privileged women feel oppressed and then program them to think that vulgarity, exhibitionism and emasculation is empowering.
Che Guevara|In time of war, truth is always replaced by propaganda.
Dianna Hardy, Cry Of The Wolf|Half naked, he drank her in with his eyes, imprinting this moment into his mind. This, he would take to his death – the woman that stirred him to life.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Aurora Leigh|Books, books, books!I had found the secret of a garret roomPiled high with cases in my father’s name;Piled high, packed large,--where, creeping in and outAmong the giant fossils of my past,Like some small nimble mouse between the ribsOf a mastodon, I nibbled here and thereAt this or that box, pulling through the gap,In heats of terror, haste, victorious joy,The first book first. And how I felt it beatUnder my pillow, in the morning’s dark,An hour before the sun would let me read!My books!
Gigi Hadid|I think, without question, the way someone plays sports shows something about inherently who they are, you know?
Anna Held|Time, whose tooth gnaws away everything else, is powerless against truth.
Isabella Koldras, Om=Amen.|I, too, chose to go out...to the mountains' resort for a long weekend of Buddists' Om mantra sound...hunting the eternal wise words...have a time in silence to contemplate the profound concepts of universal creation and see what it does to my sense of identity...
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Navigating relationships within our own culture can be challenging enough. When diverse cultures are involved, however, a huge potential for misunderstanding, disrespect, miscommunication, and intolerance is present.
Jordan Petersen|Consciousness is a mystery that faces the mystery of potential and transforms it into actuality. We do that with every choice we make. Our choices determine the destiny of the world. By making a choice, you alter the structure of reality
Rex Stout, Before Midnight|Pretending is another way of lying, and I am so good at both.
Goldie Hawn|There's something about small venues that's amazing for developing material. It's almost like you can not only hear people's response, but you can understand it. In bigger venues you lose that, but you gain this sense of camaraderie in the audience.
Melody Beattie|There are so many different elements to surfing. Small waves, big waves, long boards, short boards. This makes it a sport you can share with people. It's not just a solitary thing - it's become a family thing, too. It's about exercising and passing something on from father to son, and from mother to daughter.
Stephen King, The Gunslinger|Don Bradman will bat no more against England, and two contrary feelings dispute within us: relief, that our bowlers will no longer be oppressed by this phenomenon; regret, that a miracle has been removed from among us. So must ancient Italy have felt when she heard of the death of Hannibal.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|If we understand how the brain works, we can understand how to work it.
Carmen Renee Berry, The Unauthorized Guide to Choosing a Church|I continue to experience my faith in God as a personal relationship between the two of us. However, having admitted my commonality with the human race, I find that my faith does not flourish in isolation. As much as I hate to admit it, my faith is enhanced and enlarged when in relationship to other less-than-perfect human beings. Even though at times other Christians can be quite annoying, I feel very fortunate to have found my way back to a spiritual community that puts up with me even when I'm a bit annoying myself.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Most people spend their lives vulnerable, relying on the rest of the world to not take advantage of it.
Walter Dean Myers|If you want to fight a war on drugs, sit down at your own kitchen table and talk to your own children.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With prayer, we shall keep our heart pure.
Raymond Chandler|He could take on anything and everything, it seemed, rather than leave himself time to reflect on his dissatisfaction with his life and what he might do about it.
Michael   Lewis|Hedge funds have made massive leveraged credit bets, knowing that their upside is billions in fees and their downside is millions in fees.
Steve Maraboli|She knew there were words so terrible you heard them with your whole body. Guilty. And there were voices to say them. She knew there were people you might almost trust who would hear them, too, and be amazed, and still not really hear them because they know they were not the ones the words were spoken to.
Lailah Gifty Akita|That's all anyone has, and it's always brief, although, of course, some people believe they have a past where they can accumulate things and a future where they will accumulate still more. By the way, speaking of the present moment, do you masturbate a lot?
Jeff Noon, Nymphomation|She spoke with the usual cadences of the young: sentences curling upward at the end, all statements fading into a smoky, implied question mark, as though nothing could be said with any reasonable certainty.
Joe Abercrombie, The Heroes|The truth is like salt. Men want to taste a little, but too much makes everyone sick.
Josko J. Sestan|The Big Book’s chapter We Agnostics draws a line in the sand: God either is or He isn’t. What was our choice to be (Alcoholics Anonymous, 53)? Nature abhors a vacuum and a state of nothing can’t exist in either the material or spiritual world. This kind of binary thinking made sense in the autocratic world of 1939. But in a democratic, pluralist society, all-or-nothing thinking is a cognitive distortion—a philosophical assumption that everything is right or wrong, good or evil, superior or inferior. In this millennium, people can hold opposing views and be equals in the same community. Our Traditions, lovingly and tolerantly, make room for more than one truth. That’s a good thing, because the only problem with the truth is that there are so many versions of it.
Steve Gleason|Each time dawn appears, the mystery is there in its entirety.
Jim Butcher, Dead Beat|The Bible just said ‘Thou shalt not kill’, then told hundreds of stories of people killing each other and becoming heroes, like David with Goliath.
Cameron Dokey, The Storyteller's Daughter: A Retelling of the Arabian Nights|Stories come alive in the telling. (…)They lay dormant, hoping for the chance to emerge. Once someone started to read them, they could begin to change. They could take root in the imagination and transform the reader. Stories wanted to be read.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|Could it be he was feeling a certain nostalgia for the war, despite its stench and meaningless carnage? For that questionless life of instinct?
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Meditations|Why are we such tortured human beings, with tears in our eyes and false laughter on our lips? If you could walk alone among those hills or in the woods or along the long, white, bleached sands, in that solitude you would know what meditation is. The ecstasy of solitude comes when you are not frightened to be alone no longer belonging to the world or attached to anything. Then, like that dawn that came up this morning, it comes silently, and makes a golden path in the very stillness, which was at the beginning, which is now, and which will be always there.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You recreate yourself, when you relax.
Sophia Byron, Touched by a Phoenix|I don’t know how long we’ve sat here. All I do know is that my heart feels torn in two. Have I been here hours? Or minutes? Heartbreak is timeless".
Charles Finch, The Fleet Street Murders|If humanity were capable of being satisfied, then they'd all still be living in trees and eating bugs out of one another's fur.
Valentine Glass, Between Kay and You: A Bisexual Girl's Cumming-of-Age Confession|Faith should mean something. Gods . . . should stand for something, not chop and change with every breeze that blows. Gods should be worshipped for the truths they represent, not what party favours they might dispense.”-Razor Eddie the Punk God of the Straight Razor
David Dosa, Making Rounds with Oscar: The Extraordinary Gift of an Ordinary Cat|A relationship between two people is made up, for the most part, of invisible things: memories, shared experiences, hopes and fears. When one person disappears, the other is left alone, as if holding a string with no kite. Memories can do a lot to sustain you, but the invisible stuff of the relationship is lost, even as unresolved issues remain: arguments never settled, kind words never uttered, things left un-said. They become like a splinter beneath the skin-unseen, but painful nevertheless. Until they're exposed, coping with the loss is impossible.
Lexi Blake, A Dom is Forever|All this, sadly enough, is truer of the more educated, higher-income, professional families. It is here that the competition is the greatest, the expectations most elevated. If the boy would be happier as a telephone linesman or a forest ranger, he is in a hopeless bind. His goals have been set for him by his milieu, and he cannot be his own man; so he simply refuses to play the game. He "does not try.
Emma Nichols, Sin at Sea|In about three seconds, I'm going to pick you up and carry you into your bedroom, strip your clothes from your body, and bury myself so deep inside of you.” He leaned in toward her. “So deep, you're gonna scream. It's going to be fast and hard, and it will hurt, but when I start, there will be nothing—and I mean nothing—that will be able to stop me…
Susan Bogert Warner|If you can’t be happy, then be something else. Be useful, that would be good. Decorative, if you like. Selfish, if you must. But don’t whine about it.
Neville Mandy|…all that goes under the name of science is not necessarily scientific, and that all that goes under the name of health-care will not necessarily care for your health.
Derek Landy, Kingdom of the Wicked|I just find it interesting that kids apparently used to cry when Bambi's mother died. George and I both held our breaths, and then cheered when she didn't reanimate and try to eat her son.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Dandelions: The Disappearance of Annabelle Fancher|Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment.	“Do you, um…” I inhaled deeply. “Do you think you’ll still want to be my friend tomorrow?” I held my breath and waited for his answer.	Although I could feel the sunshine perceptibly tingle every inch of exposed skin, the way Gregory smiled at me produced a swell of warmth unmatchable even for the sun. 	“I’ll always want to be your friend, Annabelle. Do you want to be mine?”	My head nodded like mad, ecstatic, all on its own. I disappeared among the shadows again and watched my new friend until he stepped around the Hopkins’ house. Then I waited until his car drove off -- Gregory and his mother headed for home. 	I was on a high like no other, but I’d not lost my grasp on reality entirely. I knew that the real test would come Monday. It was one thing to befriend an outcast in the privacy of the woods, but quite another to risk ridicule and reputation when surrounded by peers. This was true even for those with the biggest of hearts, which I now believed Gregory Hill to have.
Jebreel Nahaary|When the silence comes and the echoes of former life fades, what will have mattered will be, one made the world a bit better ‘fore their de-berthing. Writing, needs none, but the initial push of heart and passion, enabling the story to take flight, doves to clouds, clouds to doves, then to faithfully follow its unfolding through the quill transcribed, this self-perpetuating engine once born, with no further fuel required, to lift others in the journey, through time, for all time.
Maurice Minnifield|It was like the first time I visited Versailles. There was an eerieness, like I'd been there before. I don't know if I was Louis XIV or Marie Antoinette or a lowly groundskeeper, but I lived there.
Jim Valvano|The problem is that at a lot of big companies, process becomes a substitute for thinking. You're encouraged to behave like a little gear in a complex machine. Frankly, it allows you to keep people who aren't that smart, who aren't that creative.
Debasish Mridha|Persistence with hope has infinite power, it can create new ways when there is no way.
Rakesh Vemulawada|if you speak things into existence, they will become real.. believe me!
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Essential Rumi|You have forgotten the Onewho doesn't care about ownership,who doesn't try to turn a profitfrom every human exchange.
Lina Rehal, Carousel Kisses|I also get that we women in particular must work very hard to keep our fantasies as clearly and cleanly delineated from our realities as possible, and that sometimes it can take years of effort to reach such a point of sober discernment.
Octavia E. Butler, Parable of the Talents|Beware:Ignorance Protects itself.IgnorancePromotes suspicion.SuspicionEngenders fear.Fear quails,Irrational and blind,Or fear looms,Defiant and closed.Blind, closed,Suspicious, afraid,IgnoranceProtects itself,And protected,Ignorance grows.
Charles Darwin|I've always felt that the human-centered approach to computer science leads to more interesting, more exotic, more wild, and more heroic adventures than the machine-supremacy approach, where information is the highest goal.
Arbella Stuart, The Letters of Lady Arbella Stuart|Our culture promotes individuality, while the Amish are deeply entrenched in community. To us, if someone stands out, it's no big deal because diversity is respected and expected. To the Amish, there's no room for deviation from the norm. It's important to fit in, because that similarity of identity is what defines the society. If you don't fit in, the consequences are psychological tragic, you stand alone when all you've ever known is being part of the group.
Rhonda Byrne, The Power|The person she liked best didn't like her enough to want more of her, and she didn't want to pretend that wasn't awful.
Amit Kalantri|Good luck' is like the shadow of a tree, for some time it gives comfort to a traveler but it doesn't go ahead with a traveler.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Worldliness doesn’t fall like an avalanche upon a person and sweep him or her away. It is the steady drip, drip, drip of the water that wears away the stone. The world is exerting a steady pressure on us every day. Most of us would go down under it, if it weren’t for the Holy Spirit who lives inside us, and holds us up, and keeps us.
Allison DuBois|If you let people break your spirit and detour you from your path, then you have not been true to yourself or those you're here to touch, those who believe in you.
Kevin Roose, The Unlikely Disciple: A Sinner's Semester at America's Holiest University|I want every one of our members to grow into maturity more quickly than they seem to, but the Lord has taught me to shepherd people, call them to repentance and let Matthew 18:12­–14 play out.
Sunday Adelaja|Don't just aim, Shoot!Don't just talk, Do!Don't just walk, Move!Don't just hope, Act!Don’t just follow, Lead!Don’t just dream, Live!Don’t just exist, Love!
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Be above it! Make the world serve your purpose, but do not serve it!
Rafael Nadal, Rafa|The problem nowadays is that children have become too much the center of attention. Their parents, their families, everybody around them feels a need to put them on a pedestal. So much effort is invested in boosting their self-esteem that they are made to feel special in and of themselves, without having done anything.
Jewel E. Ann, One|Family is not a career. It’s why you have a career. If you can’t be there for the big moments, then why are you doing it?
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|Suicides? Heart attacks? The papers didn't seem interested. The world was full of ways to die, too many to cover. Newsworthy deaths had to be exceptional. Most people go unobserved.
|Your life would become a journey of unstoppable blessings, if you start to work on your dreams with an unshakable faith in God's ability to make every impossibility to become possible in your life.
Robin Sacredfire|Who with the Devil tries to play fair,weaves the net of his own despair.Oh, smile; what’s a house between drunkards?
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Would you like me to [kill you] now?" asked Snape, his voice heavy with irony. "Or would you like a few moments to compose an epitaph?
Samuel Butler|I was so ready to become a mom. Actually, I was ready secondarily to become a mom. I was so ready to have the intimacy and commitment of marriage.
Molière|For him, mastery of the game world is a source of joy.
akhil shah|Rob?" she whispered, unsure if he would be easy to wake.	"Hmmm?" he answered sleepily, kissing her on top of her head as he pulled her naked body closer. "Were you expecting someone else?
Kamand Kojouri|If all we had were roses, would the thorns then be beautiful?
Steven Magee|For excellent health and a good skin color, I recommend that people sit next to a shady ultraviolet transmitting window when indoors.
Jane Austen|I wasn't entirely sure, but a polite John Pritkin might be a sign of the apocalypse.
Jeff Foster|Self-awareness is a supreme gift, a treasure as precious as life. This is what makes us human. But it comes with a costly price: the wound of mortality. Our existence is forever shadowed by the knowledge that we will grow, blossom, and, inevitably, diminish and die.
Toni Maguire, Don't Tell Mummy: A True Story of the Ultimate Betrayal|We were young, she continued, while she had a bad heart. Did we not want to earn our tips, she asked us and, cowed, we refrained from introducing the subject again.Her bad heart, I noticed, did not force her to abstain from smoking, or from eating large portions of puddings. Every time I heard her opening how she could not carry anything heavy, I thought sourly "except yourself".
Carlo Capomazza|Life could begin all over again if you were lucky enough, and I had decided to be lucky.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I learned from the age of two or three, that any room in our house, at any time of day, was there to read in, or to be read to. It had been startling and disappointing for me to find out that story books had been written by people, that books were not natural wonders, coming up of themselves like grass.
Nicholaa Spencer|I write romance stories and although I want it to be a beautiful work of art, I am afraid that I will live in the story I created in my mind. It's all in my mind I know, but sometimes, the romance becomes too ideal and realistic for me that I soon fall for the hero that was just a product of my imagination. I think that is both a fearful obstacle and a proof that somehow, you are succeeding to touch a reader's heart - even if it is yours.
Laurie Faria Stolarz, White Is for Magic|Miss Mary Mack, Mack, Mack, all dressed in black, black, black. She has a knife, knife, knife, stuck in her back, back, back. She cannot breathe, breathe, breathe. She cannot cry, cry, cry. Thats why she begs, begs, begs. She begs to die, die ,die..
Jean-Georges Vongerichten|I just had my 30th birthday and we went turkey shooting. It's what I wanted to do, so we went.
Debasish Mridha|I found God. He is not in heaven or in the heart. He is not in the sky nor is he flying high. He is not very big nor gigantic. He is almighty, all powerful, and very beautiful. He lives everywhere in every flower and every little speck of dust. He knows everything you do, and he does everything for you. He can feel every little change and memorize everything…so strange.
Thomas S. Monson|There has to be a measure of faith. That's what this business is all about: trusting in something that may never show up, that you have no concrete proof of.
Alan W. Watts|Every intelligent individual wants to know what makes him tick, and yet is at once fascinated and frustrated by the fact that oneself is the most difficult of all things to know.
K. Kiker, WHITE|I’m going to kiss you, and we’re going to see just how moved on you are.
Vincent van Gogh|I often think of you all, one cannot do what one wants in life. The more you feel attached to a spot, the more ruthlessly you are compelled to leave it, but the memories remain, and one remembers - as in a looking glass, darkly - one's absent friends.
Maajid Nawaz|They were dealt with as in war, and they naturally employed the means that were used against them.
Nutan Bajracharya|I am very happy with all my friends and co-workers, because if they don’t remember me in their happy times or in their success. However, they never forget me if they are in a problem or need my help…
Roman Romanenko|I actually wanted to be a police officer like my dad for the longest time, up until my sophomore year in high school when I started doing plays. I did plays when I was little, but in high school, I started getting into acting.
Ally Carter, I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You|I used to tell young preachers, in order to preach you've got to have the power of God on your life. Now I tell them, in order to tie your shoes you've got to have the power of God on your life.
S. C. Gwynne|Nothing is so envied as genius, nothing so hopeless of attainment by labor alone. Though labor always accompanies the greatest genius, without the intellectual gift labor alone will do little.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|Revealed religion is one thing, revealed legislation, another.
Clarice Lispector|Arriving back home, I didn’t start to read it. I pretended I didn’t have it, in order to have, later, the shock of discovering it. I opened it hours later, had a few marvelous lines, closed it again, walked around the house, put it off even more by going to eat a piece of bread with butter, pretended I didn’t know where I had left it, found it, opened it for a few instants. I created the most false sense for that covert thing that was joy. Joy would always be covert for me.
William H. Gass, Reading Rilke: Reflections on the Problems of Translation|As Borges has taught us, all the books in the library are contemporary. Great poems are like granaries: they are always ready to enlarge their store.
Elliott Abrams|I think intelligence basically can be in a way defined by the possibility of having two opposite ideas living together and at the same time functioning. That's why I think a smart script has two things living in the same place, and they're absolutely contradictory.
Lemony Snicket, The Wide Window|Outside has everything. Whenever I think of a thing now like skis or fireworks or islands or elevators or yo-yos, I have to remember they're real, they're actually happening in Outside all together. It makes my head tired. And people too, firefighters teachers burglars babies saints soccer players and all sorts, they're all really in Outside. I'm not there, though, me and Ma, we're the only ones not there. Are we still real?
Jose Andres|Smiles come naturally to me, but I started thinking of them as an art form at my command. I studied all the time. I looked at magazines, I'd practice in front of the mirror and I'd ask photographers about the best angles. I can now pull out a smile at will.
Willa Cather, My Ántonia|I prefer to be foolish when I feel like it, and be accountable to nobody.
Carys Bray, A Song for Issy Bradley|SO WHAT" Harry shouted. "Don't you understand? If Snape gets hold of the Stone, Voldemort's coming back! Haven't you heard what it was like when he was trying to take over? There won't be any Hogwarts to get expelled from! He'll flatten it, or turn it into a school for the Dark Arts! Losing points doesn't matter anymore, can't you see? Do you think he'll leave you and your families alone if Gryffindor wins the house cup? If I get caught before I can get to the Stone, well, I'll have to go back to the Dursleys and wait for Voldemort to find me there, it's only dying a bit later than I would have, because I'm never going over to the Dark Side!
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it. Resist it, and your soul grows sick with longing for the things it has forbidden to itself, with desire for what its monstrous laws have made monstrous and unlawful. It has been said that the great events of the world take place in the brain. It is in the brain, and the brain only, that the great sins of the world take place also.
John Updike|Freedom is the natural state, acceptance of bonds is a choice we make. We prefer to accept loss of freedom to losing something much less valuable but which we are not willing to sacrifice.
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|Gundar, seeing Halt upright for the first time in two days, stumped up the deck to join them.'Back on your feet then?' he boomed cheerfully, with typical Skandian tact. 'By Gorlag's toenails, with all the heaving abd puking you've been doing, I thought you'd turn yourself inside out and puke yourself over the rail!'...'You do paint a pretty picture, Gundar,' Will said...'Thank you for your concern,' Halt said icily...'So, did you find Albert?' Gundar went on, unabashed. Even Halt was puzzled by this sudden apparent change of subject.'Albert?' he asked. Too late, he saw Gundar's grin widening and knew he'd stepped into a trap.'You seemed to be looking for him. You'd lean over the rail and call, 'Al-b-e-e-e-e-e-r-t!' I thought he might be some Araluen sea god.''No, I didn't find him. Maybe I could look for him in your helmet.'He reached out a hand. But Gundar had heard what happened when Skandians lent their helmets to the grim-faced Ranger while onboard ship...'No, I'm pretty sure he's not there,' he said hurriedly.
Guy Gavriel Kay, River of Stars|Fear, like love, is difficult to explain after it has subsided, probably because it draws away the veils of illusion as it disappears.
Jack Henry Abbott, In the Belly of the Beast: Letters From Prison|No violence, gentlemen — no violence, I beg of you! Consider the furniture!
Lisa Kleypas, Tempt Me at Twilight|I never want to be apart from you,” he said. “I’m going to buy an island and take you there. A ship will come once a month with supplies. The rest of the time it will be just the two of us, wearing leaves and eating exotic fruit and making love on the beach . . .”You’d start a produce export business and organize a local economy within a month,” she said flatly.Harry groaned as he recognized the truth of it. “God. Why do you tolerate me?”Poppy grinned and slid her arms around his neck. “I like the side benefits,” she told him. “And really, it’s only fair since you tolerate me.
Yuuki Obata, We Were There, Vol. 1|The person whom you really, really love may not be here anymore. And you might be feeling lonely, but, there are people in this world who really, really love you, so shouldn't that equal it all out? So, please don't ever think that you're alone. I'll be watching over you. I'll always be watching over you. I promise to always watch over you. You're not alone.
Kazuo Ishiguro, The Remains of the Day|If you've treated your girlfriend without respect, taken advantage of her, or cheated on her, your actions have taught her that she has no value. Needless to say, this is a serious, serious injury. If you don't try to make it right, she might start to believe the lie you've told her and spend the rest of her life thinking she deserves poor treatment.
Ningraj|GOD is super intelligent - says GO & DO GOOD things, if not I may pick you as an ODD human & like a honest DOG knows what to do next!
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|To call the Form [of the Good] eternal is misleading: that something lasts forever does not render it any the better, any more than long-enduring whiteness is whiter than ephemeral whiteness.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When you smile, it means that your mind smiles; when you cry, it means that your mind cries!
Akiroq Brost|The world is waiting for you to seize the day and make the most of it! Who knows what could be possible. Keep dreaming, keep hoping, keep believing, keep doing!
Paris-Michael Katherine Jackson|I was a big fan of 'The Smurfs' growing up, even though by default - my mom used to force me to watch because she was a 'Smurfs' fan.
Robin LaFevers|Are you quite through with your lurid comments and wicked amusements?""Hardly, my dear, this is just the beginning. You may not be eager now, but I shall melt that ice of yours yet. I always get what I want, and I don't mind waiting for a little while.
Mahatma Gandhi|What an encouraging thought that Jesus - our beloved Husband - can find comfort in our lowly feeble gifts! Can this be, for it seems far too good to be true? May we then be willing to endure trials or even death itself if through these hardships we are assisted in bringing gladness to Immanuel's heart.
Perry Moore|Once in a while, life gives you a chance to measure your worth. Sometimes you're called upon to make a split-second decision to do the right thing, defining which way your life will go. These are the choices that make you who you are.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Don't be discouraged or complacent; keep reading it, keep sharing it because it's God's page opened in your life!
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|In moments of prayer, people tend to pose as a critic and point out percieved flaws in God's art.
Swami Dhyan Giten|To attain to enlightenment is to attain to all. When you are not, you become the whole.
Debasish Mridha|The measure of your greatness is not by the narrowness of your beliefs, but by the broadness of your vision.
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|But sometimes shame is a more powerful engine than rage. Like rage, it burns hot; and like rage it tends to consume its own furnace.
Ann Patchett|The women in the kitchen took turns making a fuss over the baby, acting like it was their job to keep her entertained until the Magi arrived. But the baby wasn't entertained. Her blue eyes were glazed over. She was staring into the middle distance, tired of everything. All this rush to make sandwiches and take in presents for a girl who was not yet a year old.
A.W. Tozer, Man   The Dwelling Place Of God|The best book is not one that informs merely, but one that stirs the reader up to inform himself.
D.DelaTorre|For the person who tortured me in jail. For the person who tortured the many of my followers and killed them in jail, and the many other greater leaders than me and their followers in jail, and for the men who jailed my supporters, I pray. I don’t hate them. I love them as much as I love my closest loved ones, and I pray for their guidance. My loves, you be this way too. It doesn’t help to hate. If you hate, you pollute your own soul … Words cannot express how much I wish the best for you. My foremost ambition for you is that you have hearts full of light, thoughtfulness of God, and goodness, so much so that the devil has no space to get into your hearts. I want you to be happy with yourselves, and for other people to be happy with you, when you leave this life … May you be so good that rain of mercy falls onto you. May this brother (Ahmad), that is so unworthy of your love, also be so lucky.
Rosanna Leo, For the Love of a God|Sweetie,” Dino said, coming over to put his arm around her shoulder. He tipped her head up and looked into her eyes with great empathy. “You can’t fuck a statue. At least not at that angle. You’d at least have to tip it onto its back first, and as a conservator, I can’t recommend it.
John Christopher, Sweeney's Island|For the lips of an immoral woman drip honey, and her mouth is smoother than oil; but in the end she is as bitter as wormword, sharp as a two-edged sword. Her feet go down to death, her steps lay hold of hell
Napoléon Bonaparte|To write history one must be more than a man, since the author who holds the pen of this great justiciary must be free from all preoccupation of interest or vanity.
Kate Chopin|I have a nice smile, pretty lips, and big round cheeks. They help me look like a teenager.
Og Mandino|'Crazy' is a term of art; 'Insane' is a term of law. Remember that, and you will save yourself a lot of trouble.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Kev wasn't certain if he was surrendering to Win or to his own passion for her. Only that there was no more holding back. He would take her. And he would give her everything he had, every part of his soul, even the broken pieces.
Dov Seidman, How: Why How We Do Anything Means Everything...in Business|Most of the time it is a good job and a good honour to fight against people's values, because most of the time people's values are irrational and absurd!
Roland Barthes, A Lover's Discourse: Fragments|He has served countless kings, faked countless deaths, bided his time, waiting for you.
Plato, Apology/Crito/Phaedo|But I’m old now and Ward has made himself rich and powerful. He has the resources to ensure that one day he’ll perfect his standardising system and if that happens, instead of a thousand Wards there will be a hundred thousand, a million, a billion. He’ll grow exponentially until there’s nothing and no one else left. Just Ward, Ward, Ward in every house, in every town and every city, in every country in the world. Forever.
Erin Morgenstern|Culture means, I think, that you have widened your experience enough through reading and through being a little bit thoughtful about these things that it has changed your outlook in some ways. And not necessarily made you a better human being but made you see things.
Kahlil Gibran|Wenn [der Lehrer] wirklich weise ist, fordert er euch nicht auf, ins Haus seiner Weisheit einzutreten, sondern führt euch an die Schwelle eures eigenen Geistes.
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|Whenever you want to achieve something, keep your eyes open, concentrate and make sure you know exactly what it is you want. No one can hit their target with their eyes closed.
W. Somerset Maugham|Anger, if used properly, might be for a cause, like helping feed children or stopping abuse somewhere. When we understand that every quality has importance and value, then we open up to this. Shining a light on these shadow qualities gives it balance.
John Rawls|There will always be cases that cry out to me for ultimate punishment. That is not the true issue. The pivotal question instead is whether a system of justice can be constructed that reaches only the rare, right cases, without also occasionally condemning the innocent or the undeserving.
Leonard Cohen|Whether we know it or choose to admit it, we are either an Encourager or a Discourager. We each make a choice as to which type we will be… every day. Discouragers bring “stresspools.”I call any of those places that add unnecessary stress and aggravation “stresspools.” They are just as stinky and rotten as cesspools, but “stresspools” wreak of tension, strain, anxiety, worry, hassle, pressure, and emotional trauma.
Fernando A. Torres, The Shadow That Endures|Ian looked skyward to see the firedrake soaring overhead. Its mass was a black deluge, an eclipse of aberrant origins, and its wings were tautly wound, like a spider’s web. Scales that shown like bejeweled armor glistened upon its body. Its tail crashed against the air; the storm surge of an impetuous sea. The shadow it cast was an aperture of dementia that ripped asunder the sanity of those who watched. Astride the beast’s spine, rode a figure that resembled a man, but with such grandeur at his disposal, appeared a living god.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|REJECT THE LIES AND VIOLENCE. STAND FOR LOVE, TRUTH, DECENCY AND THE COMMON GOOD.
Orson Welles|Pretentiousness repels but authenticity attracts, and vulnerability is the pathway to intimacy.
Kerry E. Wagner|Do not disturb yourself by picturing your life as a whole; do not assemble in your mind the many and varied troubles which have come to you in the past and will come again in the future, but ask yourself with regard to every present difficulty: 'What is there in this that is unbearable and beyond endurance?' You would be ashamed to confess it! And then remind yourself that it is not the future or what has passed that afflicts you, but always the present, and the power of this is much diminished if you take it in isolation and call your mind to task if it thinks that it cannot stand up to it when taken on its own.
Abby McDonald, Getting Over Garrett Delaney|Qhuinn's eyes shifted away from his buddy--and just happened to measure the distance down to the stone patio below. Hmm . . . doing a swan dive onto all that slate might just get the images of those two out of his head... of course, it would also turn his brain into scrambled eggs, but really, was that such a bad thing?
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|Well, sir, it is precisely my notion that one sees and learns most of all by observing our younger generations.
A.C. Anderson|Sometimes we have to dig a little deeper, to reach a little higher.
Cassandra Clare, The Iron Trial|described the Internet as “a series of intestines, laid out by a goatherd’s son, spewing bile at both ends
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|The problem, Paulinus, is not that we have a short life, but that we waste time. Life is long and there is enough of it for satisfying personal accomplishments if we use our hours well. But when time is squandered in the pursuit of pleasure or in vain idleness, when it is spent with no real purpose, the finality of death fast approaches and it is only then, when we are forced to, that we, at last, take a good hard look at how we have spent our life- just as we become aware that it is ending. Thus the time we are given is not brief, but we make it so. We do not lack time; on the contrary, there is so much of it that we waste an awful lot
A.D. Posey|Your life should always come with hot fudge, whipped cream, and a cherry on top.
John Darnielle, Wolf in White Van|Dark, primitive magic. Swords Against Death.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|Overstimulated, we seek out constrained worlds.
Frederick Douglass|It took me quite a long time to develop a voice, and now that I have it, I am not going to be silent.
Thomas Merton, The Intimate Merton: His Life from His Journals|Death is someone you see very clearly with eyes in the center of your heart: eyes that see not by reacting to light, but by reacting to a kind of a chill from within the marrow of your own life. 
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Change starts with YOU. When you step up, you invite others to step up, too.
Loretta Livingstone, Rhythms of Life|Our faces are so close to one another right now, and all I can do is selfishly think how easy it would be for me to lean forward and kiss him like I’ve dreamed about for the last couple of weeks. One kiss, and then I’d let him go.One kiss, to replace the one stolen from me.This would be my first kiss, not what happened with Poseidon. Because a kiss should be born from love, and want, and need. A kiss should be beautiful, something a girl can hold onto for the rest of her life, to pull out in her memory whenever she wants butterflies to come back. A kiss shouldn’t be roughly ripped away from her and turned into a thing of nightmares.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|You can tell the future?''More like the future mugs me from time to time.' Rachel said'I speak prophecies. The oracle spirit kind of hijacks me once in a while, and speaks important stuff that doesn't make any sense to anybody. But yeah, the prophecies tell the future.
Phil Volatile, Crushed Black Velvet|But now that I’m scrubbingtoilets on my hands & knees,with four degrees,I realize that one escape routeleads to another
Rachel Hawkins, Spell Bound|Cross.”His head popped up a few shelves over. “What?”“Check out the magic crap.”He shot me a look. “Oh, is that what we’re supposed to be doing? Because I’ve just been drawing hearts and our initials in the dirt.”	 Sophie + Archer
C.G. Jung|Time is weird. That much is obvious. Sometimes I think everything happens at once, which is anything but obvious and even weirder. I feel sorry for people who brag about 'living in the moment'; they're like people who come into the cinema after the film has started or people who drink Diet Coke—they're missing out on the best part. I think time is like the dial on a radio. Most people like to settle on a station with a clear signal and no interference. But that doesn't mean you can't listen to two or even three stations at the same time; it doesn't mean synchrony is impossible. Until quite recently, people believed it was impossible for a universe to fit inside two atoms, but it fits. Why dismiss the idea that on time's radio you can listen to the entire history of humanity simultaneously?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|It is unimpressive to speaking rudely to others. Often, all we need to do to ensure that we do not launch into a rude remark is to pause . . . breathe . . . and smile to ourselves before speaking.And when people are rude to you, just remember that they are revealing who they are, not who you are. Don’t take it personally. Sometimes being silent is your best response.
E.B. White|Just when we stopped wanting to kill ourselves, we started to die.
Cindi Madsen, Resisting the Hero|Our spirit knows we don’t die nor are we born. If our ego knew what our greater self knows, it would not fear disaster…Caught up in a new incarnation, one may forget their Always State, Form; perhaps forgetting everything from before. However, one is already always that! There is only eternity, knowledge and bliss!-Kuan Yin
Abhijit Naskar|No Bible, Quran or Veda can give you religion.
Saad  Salman|I collect my thoughts, I choose my words, Whenever I decide to talk to you.But...I feel like a dumb, without a tongue,Whenever I reach in front of you.I wonder why it happens to me?even when my feelings are genuine and true.
Elizabeth Gilbert, The Signature of All Things|There will be two ships sailing, but you'll be on the Resolution, with Cook himself. Never put yourself in his way. Never speak to him. And if you do speak to him, which you must never do, certainly do to speak to him in the manner in which you have sometimes spoken to me. He will not find it as diverting as I do.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|Alice had got so much into the way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way things to happen, that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go on in the common way.
Gini Koch, Touched by an Alien|I'd always known that when you went through one of these doors, you went to another planet, and that that other planet might be so far away, you couldn't fly there in spaceship in a million years. Somehow, the whole thing had never seemed strange before today.
Isaac Asimov, Pebble in the Sky|We choose to go to the moon in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard, because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills, because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept, one we are unwilling to postpone, and one which we intend to win.
Leonard Cohen, Leonard Cohen: Poems and Songs|sometimes try not to judge, not to think ...& let the situation speak because wisdom lies there.
Ravi Zacharias|And Jesus, the heart of the Christian faith is the wildest, most radical guy you'd ever come across.
sahil banga|Success always hugs you in private,but failure slaps you in the public...
Steven Poore, The Heir to the North|This is what a castle sounded like when it died, and he knew he would never forget it.
Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ|For power, you know, is a fretful thing, and hath its wings always spread for flight.
Anne Lamott, Some Assembly Required: A Journal of My Son's First Son|If you fall down to the ground, you're in the perfect position to pray. It definitely humbles you and if you're humble it's easier for God to get Closer to You.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Genius, as we tend to talk about it today, is some sort of mysterious and combustible substance that burns brightly and burns out. It's the strange gift of poets and pop stars that allows them to produce one wonderful work in their early twenties and then nothing. It is mysterious. It is there. It is gone.
Bee Wilson|For thousands of years, servants and slaves--or in lesser households, wives and daughters--were stuck with the same pestles and sieves, with few innovations. This technological stagnation reflects a harsh truth. There was very little interest in attempting to save labor when the labor in question was not your own.
Anne Elizabeth Moore, Threadbare: Clothes, Sex, and Trafficking|[T]he dozen or so items I wished to return to XXI Forever could only be traded in, and the store had a strict BOGO policy: Buy One, Get One (Free). This means that the 12 items I had but did not need could only be returned by trading them in for 24 different, new items; I tried, of course, to eschew that "one free" I didn't need. Not allowed. (Everyone I knew got glittery spangles as holiday gifts that year.) The garment industry, it seems, is now inventing new ways to give this stuff away.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|Work, then, institutionalizes homicide as a way of life. People think the Cambodians were crazy for exterminating themselves, but are we any different? The Pol Pot regime at least had a vision, however blurred, of an egalitarian society. We kill people in the six-figure range (at least) in order to sell Big Macs and Cadillacs to the survivors. Our forty or fifty thousand annual highway fatalities are victims, not martyrs. They died for nothing — or rather, they died for work. But work is nothing to die for.
Maureen A. Miller, Beyond|You've never been to another planet, have you Aimee?""No, but I've been to Disney World.
Jorge Luis Borges|There is an hour of the afternoon when the plain is on the verge of saying something. It never says, or perhaps it says it infinitely, or perhaps we do not understand it, or we understand it and it is untranslatable as music.
Martin Heidegger|When the will defies fear, when duty throws the gauntlet down to fate, when honor scorns to compromise with death - that is heroism.
Sarah Napthali, Buddhism for Mothers of Young Children: Becoming a Mindful Parent|I had uncovered a widely held but overlooked attachment: our attachment to the view that every problem must have a solution. We delude ourselves that we can think our way out of a problem or we see it as a matter of finding the right person to advise us. We become beggars for our problems, asking numerous people for an opinion. So often, we refuse to relax until a problem is fixed, only to discover our inability to relax was most of the problem.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Culture and Value|Because if I am living an honest life, and my eyes are open, and I'm trying my hardest to be good and kind, then anything I'm doing is fine to tell people.
Bartolomeo Vanzetti|I am convinced that human history has not yet begun, that we find ourselves in the last period of the prehistoric.
John Bruna|Remember, everyone you meet is really trying to do the best they can. No one woke up today and intentionally decided to be mean, difficult, or unreasonable - including you.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|Niall: We're tossed by the winds of fate. Once we end where they blow us, we make of ourselves that we will.
Robert Tew|Just because you have a past with someone, doesn't mean you should have a future with them.
Terry Cheney|It gets harder as times go by, because memory is the first casualty of manic depression. When I'm manic, all I remember is the moment. When I'm depressed, all I remember is the pain. The surrounding details are lost to me.
Rebecca Donovan, Reason to Breathe|You scared the shit out of me last night, so forgive me if I don't want to hear fine as an answer."I rubbed my eyes, hoping it would keep the burning tears away. The warm water of the shower had finally calmed the tears, but the thought of Noah walking away brought them back. "What do you want to hear? That I'm exhausted? Terrified? Confused? That all I want to do is rest my head on your chest and sleep for hours, but that's not going to happen because you're leaving me?""Yes," he said quickly, then just as quick said, "No. Everything but the last part." He paused. "Echo, how could you think I would leave you? How can you doubt how I feel?""Because," I said as I felt the familiar twisting in my stomach. "You saw me lose it. You saw me almost go insane."The muscles in his shoulders visibly tensed. "I watched you battle against the worst memory of your life and I watched you win. Make no mistake, Echo. I battled right beside you. You need to find some trust in me ... in us."Noah inhaled and slowly let the air out. His stance softened and so did his voice. "If you're scared, tell me. If you need to cry and scream, then do it. And you sure as hell don't walk away from us because you think it would be better for me. Here's the reality, Echo: I want to be by your side. If you want to go to the mall stark naked so you can show the world your scars, then let me hold your hand. If you want to see your mom, then tell me that, too. I may not always understand, but damn, baby, I'll try.
D.A. Henneman, Winds of Change|Her beauty was ethereal, knocking on the door of the part of his psyche that still believed in magic and miracles.
Jean de la Bruyere|The way we work in public health is, we make the best recommendations and decisions based on the best available data.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|I'm working from the assumption it's going to go horribly wrong. If we get out of here with limbs intact and no aspen slivers in uncomfortable places, we're calling it a win."Merit/Jonah
Charles M. Schulz, The Complete Peanuts, Vol. 5: 1959-1960|Life is just too much for me. I've been confused right from the day I was born... I think the whole trouble is that we're thrown into life too fast... We're not really prepared...""What did you want... A chance to warm up first?
Susan C. Young|There comes a time when you may realize that what once worked brilliantly for you is no longer effective, relevant, or competitive. And as a result, you set out to do a make-over, or design new improvements that will make it better. After your innovations, hard work, and implementation, the time comes to relaunch, reveal your changes, and reveal the new.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|He [Omar Khayyam] is an atheist, but knows how to interpret in orthodox style the most difficult passages of the Koran; for every educated man is a theologian and faith is not a requisite.
Lorraine Heath, Lord of Wicked Intentions|There is a very interesting debate raging at the moment on the nature of sin, for example.""And what do they think? Against it, are they?""It is not as simple as that. It's not a black and white issue. There are so many shades of gray.""Nope.""Pardon?"There's no grays, only white that's got grubby. I'm surprised you don't know that. And sin, young man, is when you treat people as things. Including yourself. That's what sin is.""It's a lot more complicated than that--""No it ain't. When people say things are a lot more complicated than that, they means they're getting worried that they won't like the truth. People as things, that's where it starts.""Oh, I'm sure there are worse crimes-""But they Starts with thinking about people as things…
Thomas Paine, Common Sense|The idea that the State is capable of solving social problems is now viewed with great scepticism – which foretells a coming change. As soon as scepticism is applied to the State, the State falls, since it fails at everything except increasing its power, and so can only survive on propaganda, which relies on unquestioning faith.
Albert Camus|Twenty to life, she got, with time off for good behavior. You come around next spring. I'll introduce you.
Kenya Wright, 420|Red stepped inside my penthouse with her two friends...“Make sure all the staff knows that they need to spoil those three. Give them whatever they want, champagne, the caviar drizzled in hash oil, anything. Even my own stuff to smoke from the crystal bong I got in Paris to the vape pen done in pearl. They need to be impressed.
Alexander Pope, An Essay on Man|Know then thyself, presume not God to scan,The proper study of mankind is Man.Placed on this isthmus of a middle state,A being darkly wise and rudely great:With too much knowledge for the Sceptic side,With too much weakness for the Stoic's pride,He hangs between, in doubt to act or rest;In doubt to deem himself a God or Beast;In doubt his mind or body to prefer;Born but to die, and reas'ning but to err;Alike in ignorance, his reason such,Whether he thinks too little or too much;Chaos of thought and passion, all confused;Still by himself abused or disabused;Created half to rise, and half to fall;Great lord of all things, yet a prey to all;Sole judge of truth, in endless error hurl'd;The glory, jest, and riddle of the world!Go, wondrous creature! mount where science guides,Go, measure earth, weigh air, and state the tides;Instruct the planets in what orbs to run,Correct old time, and regulate the sun;Go, soar with Plato to th’ empyreal sphere,To the first good, first perfect, and first fair;Or tread the mazy round his followers trod,And quitting sense call imitating God;As Eastern priests in giddy circles run,And turn their heads to imitate the sun.Go, teach Eternal Wisdom how to rule—Then drop into thyself, and be a fool!
Aimee Bender, The Color Master: Stories|It's tempting to think of red for sun," she said, "but it has to be just a dash, not much. More of a dark orange and a hint of brown. And then white on yellow on white. Not bright white,' she said. 'The kind of white that makes you squint, but in a softer way...''Go look at fire for a while. Go spend some time with fire.'Looking at fire was interesting, I have to admit. I sat with a candle for a couple hours. It has these stages of color: the white, the yellow, the red, the tiny spot of blue I'd heard mentioned but never noticed.
Stephen King, The Waste Lands|But now I remember, of course, I'm never going to be old.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|His pride and her beauty had been in direct conflict, and his pride had remained the conqueror.
Edward Said, Orientalism|I am a man of substance, of flesh and bone, fiber and liquids- and I might even be said to possess a mind. I am invisible, understand, simply because people refuse to see me. Like the bodiless heads you see sometimes in a circus sideshow, it is as though I have been surrounded by mirrors of hard, distorting glass. When they approach me they see only my surroundings, themselves, or figments of their imagination- indeed, everything and anything except me.
Hank Bracker|Margrethe Mather, a photographer from Los Angeles, came to his studio in Glendale, California called Tropico, where Weston asked her to be his studio assistant. It didn’t take long before the two developed a passionate, lustful, relationship. Both Weston and Mather became active in the growing bohemian cultural scene in the greater Los Angeles area. She was extremely outgoing and artistic in a most flamboyant way. Her bohemian sexual values were new to Weston’s conventional thinking, but Mather excited him and presented him with a new outlook that he found enticing. Mather was beautiful, and being bisexual and having been a high-class prostitute, was delightfully worldly. Mather's uninhibited lifestyle became irresistible to Weston and her photography took him into a new and exciting art form. As Mather worked and overtly played with him, she presented a lifestyle that was in stark contrast to Weston’s conventional home life, and he soon came to see his wife Flora as a person with whom he had little in common.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|Living with him is like being told a perpetual story: his mind is the biggest, most imaginative I have ever met. I could live in its growing countries forever.
Lucy Christopher|I sit up, edge over close to my window, and push it open, slipping one leg in, then the next, turning back to Jase. “Come on.” His smile flashes in the gathering dark as his eyebrows lift, but he climbs carefully in as I lock my bedroom door.“Be still,” I tell him. “Now I’m going to learn all about you.
Steven Magee|The biggest enemy of western people is not war or terrorism, it is their own governments lack of regulation of public health and safety.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|The mass depiction of the modern woman as a "beauty" is a contradiction: Where modern women are growing, moving, and expressing their individuality, as the myth has it, "beauty" is by definition inert, timeless, and generic. That this hallucination is necessary and deliberate is evident in the way "beauty" so directly contradicts women's real situation.
Delano Johnson, Rare Images of Love|Poetry’s circular fulfillment was so persistent, when I was weak it gave me strength.
William Shakespeare|Let them enjoy their Eden while they can; though there's plenty of apples, I fear, on the tree yet, Mr Lawford.
Jerry Pinto|We began our hospital visits: one day Susan, one day me, everyday The Big Hoom. On one of these visits, she told me about the tap that opened at my birth and the lack drip filling her up, and it tore a hole in my heart. If this was what she could manage with a single sentence, what did thirsty years of marriage do to The Big Hoom?
Lailah Gifty Akita|(...)And what did I want? (...)A chance to sleep easy in my bed without fear. (...) There were old wants too, to be loved for who I was, not what I could do, to lie in a meadow with a boy's arms around me and WATCH THE WIND MOVE THE CLOUDS. (...)
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|One way or another we are all biased, but still we have the modern cortical capacity to choose whether or not to let the harmful biases dictate our behavior.
John Maiorana (oohGiovanni)|There used to be a time when i thought of god i'd look to the power in the sky, now when i think of god i look at the power within myself.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The intimate space of your personal life should be reserved for amazing, beautiful, radiant souls — good, wholesome and loving people.
DeWayne Owens|Over seven billion people exist and not one has your set of fingerprints. That sets you apart from anyone who has or ever will walk the face of this earth. You bring something to the table of life that no one else can, so bring it!
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|How many great men didn't know enough, or have enough faith in the creative process and in themselves, to let go for the whole mind to work at it?
Robert H. Goddard|Just remember - when you think all is lost, the future remains.
J. J. Watt|Fragrance is a very personal gift, and I think that's why it makes a great Christmas gift. There's a very distinct signature to it, so if you give it as a gift, I like to think that it's from a person that thinks very highly of you.
Gabriel|Joseph Smith was not concerned about how divination and money digging would impact his social, political, and religious reputation. His teenage years were not formed in an environment where magic was the primary influence upon him or others...but at the same time, it was not uncommon for people to take interest in the supernatural. Other religious leaders who were at one time interested in the folklore of magic generally did not have to justify their curiosity.......[R]esearch has shown that between 1810 and 1840 there was an apparent increase in the use of both seer stones and divining rods to find buried treasure in the American northwest frontier. Searching for buried treasure was usually done with a divining rod, in a similar fashion similar to searching for subterranean water but in this case involving the use of seer stones. ... The supernatural element was important to money digging, and modern historians studying the use of seer stones in the Book of Mormon translation process often look at Joseph's money-digging days for answers or clues to understand the translation process better.The decision to make this comparison, though, is structured around a division: the idea that money digging was a nonreligious endeavor, while the translation of the Book of Mormon was decidedly religious in nature. However, these are labels imposed by the modern perspective, and they ignore that both treasure seeking and translating were likely perceived by Joseph's early converts as supernatural events. Early believers did not necessarily struggle with the fusion of Joseph the treasure seeker and Joseph the translator, even if future Church members would.
Christiane Northrup, Making Life Easy: A Simple Guide to a Divinely Inspired Life|We are all hungry for genuine connection and caring, and we will not get this unless we find our Soul's tribe. If we don't find this, we'll kill ourselves, either by finding an addiction to mask the pain or by ignoring what we need to stay healthy.
Hannah Simone|My grandmother was probably the first person who I thought was beautiful. She was incredibly stylish, she had big hair, big cars. I was probably 3 years old, but she was like a cartoon character. She'd swoop into our lives with presents and boxes, and she always smelled great and looked great.
Jack Thorne, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child - Parts One and Two|Those we love never truly leave us, Harry. There are things that death cannot touch.
Martin Luther, Luther's Works, Volume 54: Table Talk|Rather than walk about holy places we can thus pause in our thoughts, examine our heart, and visit the wheel promised land.
Debasish Mridha|All the stress and misery of life comes from fear of loss. Remember that you can never lose anything without gaining something. To avoid misery, concentrate on what you will gain.
Oliver Herford, The Rubáiyát of a Persian Kitten|May 4, 1985. I am packing for a short trip to New York to discuss the cat book with Brion. In the front room where the kittens are kept, Calico Jane is nursing one black kitten. I pick up my Tourister. It seems heavy. I look inside and there are her other four kittens."Take care of my babies. Take them with you wherever you go.
Mark Crutchfield, The Last Best Gift: Eye Witnesses to the Celebrity Sabbath Massacre|Consciousness returns to its own dark thoughts and bad memories as reliably as kids to their own scabs, and maybe it's not so difficult to understand why. The mind doesn't like unresolved issues. Except that moods don't get resolved, they get forgotten – but just try forgetting the free-fall through depression's vacuum in a hurry. Worse than that, depression isn't just a memory, it's a state of mind. If you remember it, you're in it.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca|In Israel, waves of anger and fear circulate all the time, but so do jokes and gossip and silky evening breezes. So, too, in America.
Jerry Mander, Four Arguments for the Elimination of Television|The ultimate goal of technology, the telos of techne, is to replace a natural world that’s indifferent to our wishes — a world of hurricanes and hardships and breakable hearts, a world of resistance — with a world so responsive to our wishes as to be, effectively, a mere extension of the self.
Juliette Banks, The Artist|You are corrupting me, Theo." "But you like being corrupted, don't you, sweet girl?
Sunday Adelaja|No one is born successful, success requires preparation
Brian Herbert, Sisterhood of Dune|I don't know what happens after we die. It doesn't seem to me like there can be much past this. But I suppose I can conceive that what we make and do can last beyond us. Maybe in a different place, on another plane.
Marie F. Martin, Harbored Secrets|The best way to go, is just to do it" - Uncle Lanny
Michelle Franklin, The Ship's Crew: A Marridon Novella|Tell me, Peppone, what other talents do you have besides erasing undesirables?”	“I enjoy a fair bit of sneaking, sir. I also enjoy pilfering and killing as a professional courtesy.”	“What a delightfully horrid urchin you are.”	“Thank you, sir.
Erik Pevernagie|To truly understand a man, you must look at his enemies.
Aidan Chambers, This is All: The Pillow Book of Cordelia Kenn|Secrets. Funny how, when you're about to be given something precious, something you've wanted for a long time, you suddenly feel nervous over taking it.Everyone wants more than anything to be allowed into someone else's most secret self. Everyone wants to allow someone into their most secret self. Everyone feels so alone inside that their deepest wish is for someone to know their secret being, because then they are alone no longer. Don't we all long for this? Yet when it's offered it's frightening, because you might not live up to the desires of the one who bestows the gift. And frightening because you know that accepting such a gift means you'll want-perhaps be expected- to offer a similar gift in return. Which means giving your *self* away. And what's more frightening than that?
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|Do not focus on money, instead focus on a problem that needs to be solved for the world..money will follow you as a bi-product.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|If the world appears abundant in smiles or overwhelmed by scowls, you might ask yourself if you're not to blame.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|I just want someone to hear what I have to say. And maybe if I talk long enough, it’ll make sense.
Ayelet Waldman|I proposed to my wife on Brighton Beach, and she said yes. That's pretty romantic. Even though I forgot to go down on one knee because I was too busy trying to compose the question.
Elvis Mitchell|You don't knock television, even if you don't always like what they make of your work. It makes all the difference between being an also-ran writer and very famous.
Craig Russell, The Long Glasgow Kiss|Too bad for any parent who has become accustomed to ruling by force, because at some point the kids just get too big to slap around.
Anne Tyler|Working with amazing people, you continue to learn and develop yourself, as an actor and as a person.
Elena Ferrante|The night-haunts never lie. They could, if they wanted to, but they don’t really see the point. The truth is so much more dangerous than a lie.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|Some believe it is only great power that can hold evil in check, but that is not what I have found. It is the small everyday deeds of ordinary folk that keep the darkness at bay. Small acts of kindness and love. Why Bilbo Baggins? Perhaps because I am afraid, and he gives me courage.
Eric Metaxas, Miracles: What They Are, Why They Happen, and How They Can Change Your Life|Another version of the “Prosperity Gospel” or “Name It and Claim It” teaching has to do with finding a verse in the Bible and then “claiming” that verse. Proponents of this thinking believe that God must fulfill his promise to us in whatever verse we are “claiming” because what God says in his Word, the Bible, is true, and we can trust it to be true. So someone might pray: God, your Word says in Isaiah that by your stripes we are healed and I know you are not a liar and that your Word is true and I claim that Scripture in Jesus’s name and therefore I will be healed of this stomachache! We need to have faith in what the Bible says, but we have to be careful that we aren’t trying to force God to do what we want. That is arrogance rather than humility. God loves us, but we cannot demand things of him as though our faith is in charge rather than God.If someone believes it is our faith that heals us and forgets that it is God who does it, we should ask that person how much faith Lazarus had. Remember, he was decomposing in a tomb when Jesus raised him from death. His faith obviously didn’t matter. It was all God. It is God and God’s grace that heals, not our prayers and not our “faith.” Though we are exhorted by God to pray to him, we cannot compel him to do what we wish.
Sunday Adelaja|The world is groaning and mourning in pain and ignorance, because the people do not know much about the principles of God
Laleh Khadivi, A Good Country|Nightmares did come true. Because, after her second night of major loving with the man of her dreams, the absolute last person she ever wanted to see was her mother. Yet there she was, her small, hefty frame trundling up the stairs to Maira’s front door.She was so frozen with horror, she couldn’t move until she heard the doorbell ring.Don’t answer it. Maybe she’ll go away.Well, that was just stupid.
Ja Rule|To be famous, in fact, one has only to kill one's landlady.
Inger Iversen, Running in the Dark|I know you did what you could to help pappa.""Kid," I brushed his hand off my shoulder. "Your father did a stupid thing and paid the price for it. Now fuck off.
Josh Stern, And That’s Why I’m Single|If the universe was scientific and just left to itself, then we’d have statistical probabilities to rely on. But once people are involved it sometimes becomes much more problematic because they’re erratic. People do crazy things that don’t make sense.
John Hay, A Beginner's Faith in Things Unseen|In a society so estranged from animals as ours, we often fail to credit them with any form of language. If we do, it comes under the heading of communication rather than speech. And yet, the great silence we have imposed on the rest of life contains innumerable forms of expression. Where does our own language come from but this unfathomed store that characterizes innumerable species? We are now more than halfway removed from what the unwritten word meant to our ancestors, who believed in the original, primal word behind all manifestations of the spirit. You sang because you were answered. The answers come from life around you. Prayers, chants, and songs were also responses to the elements, to the wind, the sun and stars, the Great Mystery behind them. Life on earth springs from a collateral magic that we rarely consult. We avoid the unknown as if we were afraid that contact would lower our sense of self-esteem.
Debasish Mridha|If you encounter defeat, you must persist to be a winner.
Sheila Walsh, Loved Back to Life: How I Found the Courage to Live Free|One day we will all stand alone and answer to God for the choices we have made in our lives. It will not be enough to say we did not get help because no one would come with us. Life is not easy, but we make it much more difficult when we refuse to be honest about what we feel. For the short term, not being honest may seem easier, but in the long haul, we pay a heavy price.
Iraniya Naynesh|life is like maths, if you understand you enjoy, if you don't you keep messing more
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|It’s not over if you’re still here,” Chronicler said. “It’s not a tragedy if you’re still alive.
Julie Prestsater, Double Threats Forever|I love you, Megan," he says, barely grazing my mouth with his. "I love you too, Alex. This is it. This is our someday." His gaze is filled with emotion. "No, Megan." His soft lips brush against mine. "This....is our forever.
Maria Montessori|TV does not care about you or what happens to you. It's downright bad for your health now, and that's not a far-out concept. I think watching the TV news is bad for you. It is bad for your physical health and your mental health.
Charles Wheelan, Naked Economics: Undressing the Dismal Science|How much does it cost to treat leprosy? One $3 dose of antibiotic will cure a mild case; a $20 regimen of three antibiotics will cure a more severe case. The World Health Organization even provides the drugs free,but India‘s health care infrastructure is not good enough to identify the afflicted and get them themedicine they need.So, more than 100,000 people in India are horribly disfigured by a disease that costs $3 to cure.That is what it means to have a per capita GDP of $2,900.
Dalai Lama|I'm living the exact life I planned on living when I was five. My life has taken some turns and changes that I didn't anticipate, and it has brought me different things. I thought material things would bring me happiness, which they didn't. But through this, I have learned what things are important and what aren't.
Michael Shermer, Why Darwin Matters: The Case Against Intelligent Design|How can we find spiritual meaning in a scientific worldview? Spirituality is a way of being in the world, a sense of one’s place in the cosmos, a relationship to that which extends beyond oneself. . . . Does scientific explanation of the world diminish its spiritual beauty? I think not. Science and spirituality are complementary, not conflicting; additive, not detractive. Anything that generates a sense of awe may be a source of spirituality. Science does this in spades. (158-159)
Vishwas Chavan|If every citizen can get rid of indiscipline syndrome, we have immense potential to build more productive, conflict-free, harmonious and peaceful communities, societies, cities, nations and world.
Tarryn Fisher, F*ck Love|He feels the bleakness crawling into his skull; Franco breaths in steadily, trying to tune in all out, that pressure on your brain, eroding focus, diverting the flow of thought down old ruinous canals...
Adam McKay|Celebrities and 'famous' people are just regular folks. I know, it's a shocking and potentially dangerous statement.
Mark R. Brand, Long Live Us|For every guy who loves being a dad, there’s another who realizes too late that he’s created something his wife loves more than him.
Angelia Griffin, The Crystal Keys: Champion of Destiny|It is man who has abandoned God, not God who has abandoned man.
Amy Plum, Die for Me|Each night I lie and dream about the oneWho kissed me and awakened my desireI spent a single hour with him aloneAnd since that hour, my days are layed with fire.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|There is an incessant influx of novelty into the world, and yet we tolerate incredible dulness. I need only suggest what kind of sermons are still listened to in the most enlightened countries. There are such words as joy and sorrow, but they are only the burden of a psalm, sung with a nasal twang, while we believe in the ordinary and mean.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|Reading at meals is considered rude in polite society, but if you expect to succeed as a writer, rudeness should be the second-to-least of your concerns. The least of all should be polite society and what it expects.
Zoe Kravitz|My dad was in the military, yeah. He was in the Air Force, and he was a doctor, so he would go places for six months here, and two years there. And I was home-schooled because I played the violin, and I did a lot of competitions.
Jojo Moyes|I wouldn't treat a romantic scene any differently than any other scene. I would really say the biggest preparation was chewing gum and breath mints! For a kissing scene, it's all about the breath mints!
Vine Deloria Jr.|Some years back Richard Nixon warned the American peoplethat Russia was bad because she had not kept any treaty oragreement signed with her. You can trust the Communists, thesaying went, to be Communists.Indian people laugh themselves sick when they hear thesestatements. America has yet to keep one Indian treaty or agreementdespite the fact that the United States government signedover four hundred such treaties and agreements with Indiantribes. It would take Russia another century to make and breakas many treaties as the United States has already violated.
Sara  Daniel, One Night With the Groom|Baby girl, five minutes alone with me and you're gonna be begging me to taste your pie.
Sunday Adelaja|People with victim mentality, consider actions such as making decisions, setting goals and achieving them to be nothing more than formidable obstacles
Kriti Sanon|On Halloween, don't you know back when you were little, your mom tells you don't eat any candy until she checks it? I used to be so tempted to eat my candy on the way to other people's houses. That used to be such a tease.
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|So they all went home afterwards. My sisters and I sat on the veranda and cried until a storm drove us inside. We agreed to meet in the barn loft for crying once a week but after a while we forgot. Once we did but nobody could work up a cry and we started playing wolves and chickens and Little Mary had to be the chicken and Savannah shoved her out of the loft and broke her collarbone. The hearts of children are hard naturally because of their short memories. Everything they play with becomes true and unquestionable such as an acorn cap for a Holy Grail, such is the power of the untrained mind, and all our training of it is both of advantage and not. 
Michele Jennae|Please, do not take the internet literally because it is data. Life happens. Thank you. Netiquette NetworkEtiquette.net
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|If love is a form of substance abuse, I hope to die high.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Woman Destroyed|Do no harm, but take no shit.
Alexander the Great|There are worlds and more worlds below them, and there are a hundred thousand skies over them. No one has been able to find the limits and boundaries of God. If there be any account of God, then alone the mortal can write the same; but God's account does not finish, and the mortal himself dies while still writing.
Jim Butcher, Grave Peril|Everything in New York is a photograph. All the things that are supposed to be dirty or rough or unrefined are the most beautiful things. Garbage cans at the ends of alleyways look like they've been up all night talking with each other. Doorways with peeling paint look like the wise lines around an old feller's eyes. I stop and stare but can't stay because men always think I'm selling something. Or worse, giving something away. I wish I could be invisible. Or at least I wish I didn't look like someone they want to look at. They stop being part of the picture, they get up from their chess game and come out of the frame at me, blocking my view.
Murray Rothbard|I've been a Democrat, I've been a Republican, and I eventually became an independent because I don't believe either party has a monopoly on good ideas or strong leadership.
Jean Rhys, Wide Sargasso Sea|We are somebody’s memories when we are gone,
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|Things that look impossible suddenly seem a lot better, once you get God on board.
Chesley Sullenberger|I feel so very grateful to have the voice God gave me. It takes a lot of rest and training to sing, and I was lucky that I found a great teacher when I first moved to New York.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|You'll get everything society can give a man. You'll keep all the money. You'll take any fame or honor anyone might want to grant. You'll accept such gratitude as the tenants might feel. And I - I'll take what nobody can give a man, except himself. I will have built Cortlandt. - Howard Roark
David Coverdale|No good opera plot can be sensible, for people do not sing when they are feeling sensible.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|Eyes, look your last! Arms, take your last embrace! And, lips, oh you the doors of breath, seal with a righteous kiss a dateless bargain to engrossing death!
E.M. Forster, A Room with a View|Men were not gods after all, but as human and as clumsy as girls.
Grace Slick|People speculate on your personal life all the time anyway. So I just think it's important to keep my private life private and my public persona more into music, you know?
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|We need to broaden the horizon of our faith, putting more difficult tasks in front of us each time
Donna Mull, A Prayer Journey Through Deployment|If you have to think about relaxing, are you really relaxing?
D. H. Lawrence|I have a funny relationship with religion. I'm a big believer in ritualistic behavior as long as it doesn't hurt anybody. But I'm not a big fan of rules. And yet, we cannot live in a world without order.
Nikki Rowe|She wasn't kind of lady that depended on a man and I think that's what made her so irrestible to them, any man she had loved she wanted ~ and the men that loved her back couldn't handle not being needed, so she showed them the door and grew her own wings as they walked out. Love to her isn't a maybe thing, nor is it attachment and any man whom thinks he will ever own her would be best not to try at all.
Mie Hansson, Where Pain Thrives|All mothers breed dead children.They shall, perhaps, live later.When no longer dead, they are bornNot—by coincidence, by choice.
William H. Gass|Freud thought that a psychosis was a waking dream, and that poets were daydreamers too, but I wonder if the reverse is not as often true, and that madness is a fiction lived in like a rented house
David R. Hawkins, Power vs. Force|Why is true success so relatively effortless? It might be likened to the magnetic field created by an electric current running through a wire. The higher the power of the current, the greater the magnetic field that it generates. And the magnetic field itself then influences everything in its presence. There are very few at the top. The world of the mediocre, however, is one of intense competition, and the bottom of the pyramid is crowded. Charismatic winners are sought out; losers have to strive to be accepted. People who are loving, kind, and thoughtful of others have more friends than they can count; success in every area of life is a reflex to those who are aligned with successful patterns. And the capacity to be able to discern the difference between the strong patterns of success and the weak patterns leading to failure is now available to each of us.
Onyi Anyado|It was a horrible process to get to this. It took me my whole life. If you’re new at this — and by 'new at it,' I mean 15 years in, or even 20 — you’re just starting to get traction ... Give it a minute.
