Paolo Bacigalupi, The Water Knife|Jesus walked on water, so maybe he makes aquifers, too.
Lindsey Stirling|While my body might say, "I'm small and vulnerable," my hair warns, "DON'T MESS WITH ME.
Marshall Nicholas Rosenbluth|As for karma itself, it is apparently only that which binds "jiva" (sentience, life, spirit, etc.) with "ajiva" (the lifeless, material aspect of this world) - perhaps not unlike that which science seeks to bind energy with mass (if I understand either concept correctly). But it is only through asceticism that one might shed his predestined karmic allotment.I suppose this is what I still don't quite understand in any of these shramanic philosophies, though - their end-game. Their "moksha", or "mukti", or "samsara". This oneness/emptiness, liberation/ transcendence of karma/ajiva, of rebirth and ego - of "the self", of life, of everything. How exactly would this state differ from any standard, scientific definition of death? Plain old death. Or, at most, if any experience remains, from what might be more commonly imagined/feared to be death - some dark perpetual existence of paralyzed, semi-conscious nothingness. An incessant dreamless sleep from which one never wakes? They all assure you, of course, that this will be no condition of endless torment, but rather one of "eternal bliss". Inexplicable, incommunicable "bliss", mind you, but "bliss" nonetheless. So many in the realm of science, too, seem to propagate a notion of "bliss" - only here, in this world, with the universe being some great amusement park of non-stop "wonder" and "discovery". Any truly scientific, unbiased examination of their "discoveries", though, only ever seems to reveal a world that simply just "is" - where "wonder" is merely a euphemism for ignorance, and learning is its own reward because, frankly, nothing else ever could be. Still, the scientist seeks to conquer this ignorance, even though his very happiness depends on it - offering only some pale vision of eternal dumbfoundedness, and endless hollow surprises. The shramana, on the other hand, offers total knowledge of this hollowness, all at once - renouncing any form of happiness or pleasure, here, to seek some other ultimate, unknowable "bliss", off in the beyond...
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Never waste your energy to dwell on the past failures and mistakes.May you find renewed energy, courage and hope to pursue new adventures.
Robin McKinley, Spindle's End|(There was an idea much beloved and written about by this country’s philosophers that magic had to do with negotiating the balance between earth and air and water; which is to say that things with legs or wings were out of balance with their earth element by walking around on feet or, worse, flying above the earth in the thin substance of air, obviously entirely unsuitable for the support of solid flesh. The momentum all this inappropriate motion set up in their liquid element unbalanced them further. Spirit, in this system, was equated with the fourth element, fire. All this was generally felt to be a load of rubbish among the people who had to work in the ordinary world for a living, unlike philosophers living in academies. But it was true that a favourite magical trick at fetes was for theatrically-minded fairies to throw bits of chaff or seed-pods or conkers in the air and turn them into things before they struck the ground, and that the trick worked better if the bits of chaff or seed-pods or conkers were wet.)Slower creatures were less susceptible to the whims of wild magic than faster creatures, and creatures that flew were the most susceptible of all. Every sparrow had a delicious memory of having once been a hawk, and while magic didn’t take much interest in caterpillars, butterflies spent so much time being magicked that it was a rare event to see ordinary butterflies without at least an extra set of wings or a few extra frills and iridescences, or bodies like tiny human beings dressed in flower petals. (Fish, which flew through that most dangerous element, water, were believed not to exist. Fishy-looking beings in pools and streams were either hallucinations or other things under some kind of spell, and interfering with, catching, or—most especially—eating fish was strictly forbidden. All swimming was considered magical. Animals seen doing it were assumed to be favourites of a local water-sprite or dangerously insane; humans never tried.)
James Patterson, School's Out—Forever|It's funny how different people are. If I'd been this kid and someone was snarling "Ordering a pizza?" at me, without even thinking, I would have snarled back "Yeah. You want pepperoni?"-Maximum Ride
Henri Nouwen|True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|If you want to know the real reasons behind that attitude, think of the thought behind that attitude
Robert M. Gates|Whether it was his ability to turn around the Massachusetts economy or turn around businesses in the private sector, Mitt Romney has demonstrated the leadership that we need in the White House to get the country on the right track.
Barry Lyga, I Hunt Killers|Blood is thicker than water,"The young man saidAs he knifed his friendFor a drooling old bitchAnd a house full of lies.
Alin Sav|Leaders walk by faith, managers walk alone.
Jeff Rice, The Night Stalker|How you, a weak boy caught in the middle of a storm, both in reality and metaphorically, would risk your life to save some girl—some girl who tortured you, ignored you, destroyed you.
Petrarch|Follow love and it will flee, flee love and it will follow thee.
Michael Korda|For the music business, social networking is brilliant. Just when you think it's doom and gloom and you have to spend millions of pounds on marketing and this and that, you have this amazing thing now called fan power. The whole world is linked through a laptop. It's amazing. And it's free. I love it. It's absolutely brilliant.
Nikki Rowe|Carrying confidence isn't being the person everyone likes, it's being yourself, regardless of who likes you.
E.J. Cenita|You shouldn’t chase people. You should know that you are important enough and deserve the time and attention just like everyone else. You shouldn’t run after people to prove that you matter and exist. You are worth it, more than you could ever imagine. You are a star that could sparkle on anyone’s night sky. You are everything in someone’s eyes. Remember, do not chase, let them know your worth because if you have to chase, it’s not real love. It’s not worth it.
Milan Kundera, The Art of the Novel|No peace is possible between the novelist and the agélaste [those who do not laugh]. Never having heard God's laughter, the agélastes are convinced that the truth is obvious, that all men necessarily think the same thing, and that they themselves are exactly what they think they are. But it is precisely in losing the certainty of truth and the unanimous agreement of others that man becomes an individual. The novel is the imaginary paradise of individuals. It is the territory where no one possesses the truth, neither Anna nor Karenin, but where everyone has the right to be understood, both Anna and Karenin.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Sunday Philosophy Club|She had argued for a broad interpretation, which imposed a duty to answer questions truthfully, and not to hide facts which could give a different complexion to a matter, but on subsequent thought she had revised her position.Although she still believed that one should be frank in answers to questions, this duty arose only where there was an obligation, based on a reasonable expectation, to make a full disclosure. There was no duty to reveal everything in response to a casual question by one who had no right to the information.
Dominic Riccitello|We were as big as the ocean, but as fragile as an ego.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Which Are You?"There are two kinds of people on earth to-day;Just two kinds of people, no more, I say.Not the sinner and saint, for it's well understood,The good are half bad, and the bad are half good.Not the rich and the poor, for to rate a man's wealth,You must first know the state of his conscience and health.Not the humble and proud, for in life's little span,Who puts on vain airs, is not counted a man.Not the happy and sad, for the swift flying yearsBring each man his laughter and each man his tears.No; the two kinds of people on earth I mean,Are the people who lift, and the people who lean.Wherever you go, you will find the earth's masses,Are always divided in just these two classes.And oddly enough, you will find too, I ween,There's only one lifter to twenty who lean.In which class are you? Are you easing the load,Of overtaxed lifters, who toil down the road?Or are you a leaner, who lets others shareYour portion of labor, and worry and care?
Scott Lynch, The Republic of Thieves|A troupe learns to play like we all learn to screw, stumbling and jostling until everything's finally in the right place.
André Breton, The Magnetic Fields|Every time you look up at the stars, it’s like opening a door. You could be anyone, anywhere. You could be yourself at any moment in your life. You open that door and you realize you’re the same person under the same stars. Camping out in the backyard with your best friend, eleven years old. Sixteen, driving alone, stopping at the edge of the city, looking up at the same stars. Walking a wooded path, kissing in the moonlight, look up and you’re eleven again. Chasing cats in a tiny town, you’re eleven again, you’re sixteen again. You’re in a rowboat. You’re staring out the back of a car. Out here where the world begins and ends, it’s like nothing ever stops happening.
Janet P. Eckles, Hola Happiness|God loves us mucho, so much that He desires more, much more for us.
Max Planck, Where is Science Going?|It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.
Kiera Cass, Happily Ever After|She is like a butterfly, Beautiful to look at But hard to catch.
Bipasha Basu|The battle against cancer has made me strong. It's like winning a war! When I was diagnosed, I was told by doctors my kidney, liver and other organs could fail. It was tough. I didn't know if I could save my life. But I was positive, and because of that, the doctor told me that I would be a man who would never have cancer.
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|I am surprised to see how much I have written; with stories even a page can take me hours, but the truth seems to flow out as fast as I can get it down. But words are very inadequate – anyway, my words are.
Steven M. Greer|Whatever the reason we first mustered the _Apollo_ program, however mired it was in Cold War nationalism and the instruments of death, the inescapable recognition of the unity and fragility of the Earth is its clear and luminous dividend, the unexpected final gift of _Apollo_. What began in deadly competition has helped us to see that global cooperation is the essential precondition for our survival.Travel is broadening. It's time to hit the road again.
Graham Greene, The Power and the Glory|You are all alike, you people. You never learn the truth--that God knows nothing.
Tabitha Suzuma, Forbidden|In an undertone, I murmured, "This isn't over. I won't give up on you.""I've given up on you," he said back, voice also soft. "Love fades. Mine has.
Sarah Brazytis, Our Christmas Bear|Jack Frost hibernates from March to November,dreaming snowflake designs to share in December.With glittering breath, snowstorms, and blue blizzards,lakes made of crystal, he’s an icy wizard!People assume winter will be harsh, cold, and crueland that Jack must be a wicked, cold-weather ghoul.But he’s truly an artist, known as Bringer of Ice,and although his heart is cold, he’s really quite nice.
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|You may not see it now," said the Princess of Pure Reason, looking knowingly at Milo's puzzled face, "but whatever we learn has a purpose and whatever we do affects everything and everyone else, if even in the tiniest way.
James Otis|I never had any childhood, for the word means sunshine and freedom from care. I had a starved and pinched little childhood, as far as love and merriment go.
Georgette Heyer, Devil's Cub|It is possible,” said Miss Marling stiffly, “that Frederick and not Mary will have the ordering of thejourney.”Vidal chuckled. “Not if I know my Mary,” he replied
Bhavya Kaushik|Some might question whether it makes sense to talk about setting up the experiment and running it again with exactly the same conditions--that it is, in fact, impossible. Locally, you might get the conditions exactly the same, but you have to embed the experiment in the universe, and that has moved on. You can't rewind the wave function of the universe and rerun it. The universe is a one-time-only experiment that includes us as part of its wave function, and there's no going back.
Paul Stanley|Make no mistake, a 'yes' vote on the Democrats' health care bill is a vote for taxpayer-funded abortions.
Ted Olson|I enjoy being single, but I loved being married.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Whatever you do, you need courage. Whatever course you decide upon, there is always someone to tell you that you are wrong. There are always difficulties arising that tempt you to believe your critics are right. To map out a course of action and follow it to an end requires some of the same courage that a soldier needs. Peace has its victories, but it takes brave men and women to win them.
C.G. Jung|It is the truth, a force of nature that expresses itself through me – I am only a channel – I can imagine in many instances where I would become sinister to you.For instance, if life had led you to take up an artificial attitude, then you wouldn't be able to stand me, because I am a natural being.By my very presence I crystallize; I am a ferment.The unconscious of people who live in an artificial manner senses me as a danger.Everything about me irritates them, my way of speaking, my way of laughing.They sense nature.
Lauren Rowe, The Club|Thanks to a lifetime of brainwashing by Disney and Lifetime and Hallmark, she naively believes glimpsing God during an epic fuck somehow translates into some kind of happily ever after with her Prince Charming.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Life does not happen to you, it happens for you. Savor every flavor.
Billy Corgan|I've always been spiritual but I've never had a proper context, and it took me a while to find the proper context. It's hard to realize you can have any kind of relationship with God you want... and so I now have a punk rock relationship with God
Criss Jami|Humility is by far the most spiritual virtue of the lot. The only way by which one may cease obsessing over himself is to wholly step outside his flesh. But who could do this by himself? And who would really want to under his natural pretense? And even if somehow he could and he succeeded, would not it be artificial? Would not he seem far too aware of his own talents of achieving humility for it to be such? Alternatively, he would need a distraction, something else to love; it is not that the Humbleman thinks poorly of himself, nor highly for that matter, but rather he does not think of himself at all - and this is because he is too busy loving something or someone else to do it. For the humility of this kind 'rears its head' as the most love-driven and free, spiritual of virtues; whereas its opposite, pride, the most self-imprisoning human vice.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|My life, my strength and my time are my greatest riches.
Deb Caletti, Stay|You can forget that other people carry pieces of your own story around in their heads. I've always thought--put together all those random pieces form everyone who's ever known you from your parents to the guy who once sat next to you on a bus, and you'd probably see a fuller version of your life than you even did while living it.
Agatha Christie, The Regatta Mystery and Other Stories|Later in life, I learnt that many things one may require have to be weighed against one's dignity, which can be an insuperable barrier against advancement in almost any direction. However, in those days, choice between dignity and unsatisfied curiosity was less clear to me as a cruel decision that had to be made.
Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban|THough we loved school, we hadn't realized how important education was until the Taliban tried to stop us.
Elias Canetti, Crowds and Power|Every command consists of momentum and sting. The momentum forces the recipient to act, and to act in accordance with the content of the command; the sting remains behind in him. When a command functions normally and as one expects, there is nothing to be seen of the sting; it is hidden and unsuspected and may only reveal its existence by some faint, scarcely perceptible recalcitrance before the command obeyed.
Michelangelo Buonarroti|If people knew how hard I had to work to gain my mastery, it would not seem so wonderful at all.
Marlene Dietrich|Every man sees in his relatives, and especially in his cousins, a series of grotesque caricatures of himself.
Jessica Khoury, Kalahari|I slowly climbed the porch steps while wondering, what exactly did Elias know about my life in London; what precisely was wrong with his mind...And what was the heaviest item in my bag.
Mary Wollstonecraft|The history of progress is written in the blood of men and women who have dared to espouse an unpopular cause, as, for instance, the black man's right to his body, or woman's right to her soul.
Zhou Weihui, Shanghai Baby|Each evening, I ached for the shelter of my tent, for the smallest sense that something was shielding me from the entire rest of the world, keeping me safe not from danger, but from vastness itself. I loved the dim, clammy dark of my tent, the cozy familiarity of the way I arranged my few belongings all around me each night.
Kathleen Glasgow, Girl in Pieces|Dear Ellis, I have something really fucking angelic to tell you.
Amy Lane, Hammer & Air|Hammer", I finished lamely, as he waited patiently for my thoughts to find their voice, "we have got to find better words for the things we have in our hearts.""Words seem to be weak things," he murmured into my hair, and I could only hope our hearts would prove stronger.
Ernst Jünger, The Glass Bees|All the systems which explain so precisely why the world is as it is and why it can never be otherwise, have always called forth in me the same kind of uneasiness one has when face to face with the regulations displayed under the glaring lights of a prison cell. Even if one had been born in prison and had never seen the stars or seas or woods, one would instinctively know of timeless freedom in unlimited space.My evil star, however, had fated me to be born in times when only the sharply demarcated and precisely calculable where in fashion.... "Of course, I am on the Right, on the Left, in the Centre; I descend from the monkey; I believe only what I see; the universe is going to explode at this or that speed" - we hear such remarks after the first words we exchange, from people whom we would not have expected to introduce themselves as idiots. If one is unfortunate enough to meet them again in five years, everything is different except their authoritative and mostly brutal assuredness. Now they wear a different badge in their buttonhole; and the universe now shrinks at such a speed that your hair stands on end.
Jack Gilbert, Collected Poems|Because it is so hard, some people wait until they are in their thirties, forties, fifties, or even older before breaking their silence.
Victoria de los Angeles|America is a noisy culture, unlike, say, Finland, which values silence. Individualism, dominant in the U.S. and Germany, promotes the direct, fast-paced style of communication associated with extraversion. Collectivistic societies, such as those in East Asia, value privacy and restraint, qualities more characteristic of introverts.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|Lord, grant that I might not so much seek to be loved as to love.
Anthony Browne|My ambition in high school was to be a high school coach and teacher, and that's still what I do: teach.
Jessica Valenti, Sex Object|Yes, we love the good men in our lives and sometimes, oftentimes, the bad ones too- but that we're not in full revolution against the lot of them is pretty amazing when you consider this truth: men get to rape and kill women and still come home to a dinner cooked by one.
Afrojack|I'm always drooling over great design, from fashion to furniture.
Nessa Rapoport|Undo it, take it back, make every day the previous one until I am returned to the day before the one that made you gone. Or set me on an airplane traveling west, crossing the date line again and again, losing this day, then that, until the day of loss still lies ahead, and you are here instead of sorrow.
Dada Bhagwan|The Vitarags (attachment-free enlightened one’s) say, ‘Make whatever intents that are suitable to you. If you get sensual intents towards Me, then do those sensual intents and if you have celibate intents towards Me, do celibate intents and if you get religious intents, do religious intents; if you get reverence-intents, do reverence intents and if you want to curse, then curse me. I confront [challenge] no one.” A person that doesn’t confront goes to Moksha and the person who confronts, resides here [worldly life bondage].
Tiffany Apan, Descent|What determines how we remember history and which elements are preserved and penetrate the collective consciousness? If historical novels stir your interest, pursue the facts, history, memories, and personal testimonies available. These are the shoulders that historical fiction sits upon. When the survivors are gone we must not let the truth disappear with them. Please, give them a voice.
M. T. Panchal, Karma and Redemption|It is unnecessary to spoil your precious involvements with a person with some word. We cannot name and express every human relationship or feeling, and we confine our involvements by naming them.
Jane Hamilton, A Map of the World|Her mother admonished through closed lips, the sound a mother can make mean anything from "pick up your socks" to "we are very disappointed you have murdered those orphans.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|I pride myself in being a technology innovator, so our specialty at Veeam is our laser-focused commitment to R&D, but you cannot build solid solutions without knowing what the goals are for your customers.
Andrew Weil, M.D.|The notion that a human being should be constantly happy is a uniquely modern, uniquely American, uniquely destructive idea.
Jo Nesbø, Panserhjerte|Incidentally, I really agree with those who say that the capacity to forgive says something about the essential quality of a person. I'm the lowest grade.''I didn't mean to criticize you.''I promise to be better in my next life...
August Wilson, Gem of the Ocean|Black Mary: Leroy. And John. And Cujoe. And Sam. And Robert. One after the other they come and they go. You can't hold on to none of them. They slip right through your hands. They use you up and you can't hold them. They all the time taking till it's gone. They ain't tried to put nothing to it. They ain't got nothing in their hand. They ain't got nothing to add to it. They too busy taking. They taking 'cause they need. You can't blame them for that. They so full of their needs they can't see you. Now here you come. You don't even know what you need. All you see is a woman. You can't see nothing else. You can't think nothing else. That blinds you. (Black Mary turns to him. A new thought occurs to her.)Okay, Mr. Citizen. I'll come to your room tonight. But the morning got to come, Mr. Citizen. What you got then? You tell me tomorrow. You wake up and look at your hands and see what you got. Citizen: I got me. That's all there is. Black Mary: That ain't never gonna be enough.
Garry Crystal, And When the Arguing's Over...|The thing about lying is it’s like creating your own world, controlling your own little world. A tiny innocent, or as some people call them white lie, can lead eventually to the break-up of a relationship. If the other person in the relationship knows the person has lied, no matter if it was with good intentions, then it’s the beginning of the breakdown of trust. A profile or a picture is being continually formed of the two people in a relationship, and the lies, big and small, add to that profile.
H. P. Lovecraft|As long as you know men are like children, you know everything!
Alain de Botton, The Consolations of Philosophy|Everyone endeavours to eliminate through the other individual his own weaknesses, defects, and deviations from the type, lest they be perpetuated or even grow into complete abnormalities in the child which will be produced.
Matshona Dhliwayo|By standing alone,you prove your courage.By standing with others,you prove your love.By standing with truth,you prove your virtue.By standing with God,you prove your faith.
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|No,' she says, as if the suggestion is ridiculous. 'I wouldn't go back to where I'm from. I'd go someplace I've never been.
Brandon Sanderson, Skin Deep|The difference between patriotism and nationalism is that the patriot is proud of his country for what it does, and the nationalist is proud of his country no matter what it does; the first attitude creates a feeling of responsibility, but the second a feeling of blind arrogance that leads to war.
Phil Gingrey|It is really important that we get more women doing exercise and being active, and those that have taken up boxing or boxing training will definitely find that it has a really positive impact on their health, fitness and well-being.
A.E. Via|You cannot study the same day of a test, and expect to do your very best.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Never stop feeling the amazement of partaking in one of the most incredible journeys you will ever walk, the walk of life. " ~ Roy Hale
Robert Louis Stevenson|Marriage is like life - it is a field of battle, not a bed of roses.
Woody Allen|I'm thankful to God that my life changed, but I'm also still on my grind.
Ahmed Alibage|As long as we consider failure as an option, success is not going to be the only one choice.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|I hear many young women say they can't find well-known feminists with whom they identify. That can be disheartening, but I say, let us (try to) become the feminists we would like to see moving through the world.
Markus Zusak, Getting the Girl|I could smell something. Fear.I could taste it now.It tasted like blood in my mouth, and I could feel it slide through me and open me up when I saw him ...
Harry Truman|...You want to know whether the problems that you teenagers feel—will they follow you over the rest of your lives? Will your hearts always be aching? Is that what you are asking me?”Goodman shifted in discomfort. “Something like that,” he said.“Yes,” said the counselor in a suddenly plangent voice. “Always they will be aching. I wish I could tell you something else, but I wouldn’t be telling the truth. My wise and gentle friends, this is the way it will be from now on.”No one could say anything. “We are so, so fucked,” Jules finally said...
Rebecca McNutt, Super 8: The Sequel to Smog City|When everything is at its worst, your mind just throws it all into the wastebasket and goes to Florida for a little while. There is a sudden electric what-the-hell glow as you stand there looking back over your shoulder at the bridge you just burnt down.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The greatest riches are the gift of life, strength and wisdom.
Sinan Antoon|Do the roots reveal everything to the branches, or do they keep what is painful to themselves?
Joss Alexander, Tainted Innocence|And finally, she saw him smile. It chased the shadows from his face and made him a boy again. It was a smile that a woman could grow to yearn for.
Joyce Carol Oates, Beasts|We should wait six-seven months. Maybe, upon spring's arrival, our love would blossom. As of now, dry-lifeless-forlorn, it resembles the fall foliage. Beautiful, nonetheless!#BeyondAutumn
Ayn Rand|Does character develop over time? In novels, of course it does:otherwise there wouldn't be much of a story. But in life? I sometimes wonder. Our attitudes and opinions change we develop new habits and eccentricities; but that's something different, more like decoration. Perhaps character resembles intelligence, except that the character peaks a little later;between twenty and thirty, say. And after that we're just stuck with what we've got. We're on our own. If so, that would explain a lot of lives, wouldn't it? And also if this isn't too grand a word--our tragedy.
Sammy Davis, Jr.|What is a kiss? Why this, as some approve: The sure, sweet cement, glue, and lime of love.
Lydia Millet, Oh Pure and Radiant Heart|…suffering can be a work of art. It can be made of buried and rising things, helpless and undiscovered, song of frustrated want, silence after desire. It can be the test of the self falling short, constrained, distorted, disturbed or rebuffed, the vacuum left by longing, call without an answer.
Sarah Ockler, The Summer of Chasing Mermaids|It takes a strong woman to lose everything, then stand naked in front of the mirror and face herself again. You need time, honey. And I don't mean time for it to go away. I mean time to learn how to live with it. This is a pain you'll always carry.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The greatest things are freely giving; life, love, joy, smiles, hugs, inner peace, blessings, family, friends, nature….!
Stephen Sondheim|The worst thing you can do is censor yourself as the pencil hits the paper. You must not edit until you get it all on paper. If you can put everything down, stream-of-consciousness, you'll do yourself a service.
Christina Dodd, Just the Way You Are|I’d once had a long-term relationship with a Five Point Five that got nowhere near living together. This was because I was a Two Point Five, he was a Five Point Five and he wanted a Nine Point Five. Therefore, we were both destined for a broken heart. He gave me mine. He later found a Six Point Five that wanted a Nine Point Five. She got herself a breast enhancement and nose job which made her a firm Seven (if you didn’t count the fact that she thought she was a Ten point Five and acted like it which really knocked her down to a Six) who broke his heart.
Michele Young-Stone, The Handbook for Lightning Strike Survivors|She'd been in love with the man, and love is a scary thing. If not reciprocated, it can turn a person into a monster.
Christian Borle|I can't help but recall my dad and mom. Depression era kids, 8th and 9th grade educations, clawed and scratched to make a living as dairy farmers their whole life. At least two drought cycles nearly took it all away. They just worked harder, longer... and they made it.
Mollie Marti|The more you become aware of and respond to the needs of others, the richer your own life becomes.
David Rockefeller|San Francisco is an interesting place. It's always been such a nice culturally diverse environment, which it still is, but there's a lot of money there now and a lot of dot com's so it's a little different than it used to be.
Susan May Warren, The Wonder of You|I’ve married a man who is so afraid of living, he’d rather destroy the very thing that makes him feel alive.
Erich Fromm, Escape from Freedom|To transcend nature, to be alienated from nature and from another human being, finds man naked, ashamed. He is alone and free, yet powerless and afraid.
Ana Monnar|For most people life is not a fairy tale, it is an adventure.
Angelica Hopes|Move away from Machiavellian hearts. Manipulative people can frame you up even if you have a humble, simple and generous heart. Question their motive. ~ Angelica Hopes, K.H. Trilogy
Jane Green, Family Pictures|When people show you who they are, believe them.
Alin Sav|Jesus, Made in Heaven, assembled on earth.
Alexander McCall Smith, Love Over Scotland|You can't plan someone else's future, and I fully plan to become someone else.
Clayton Christensen|Somebody will come on TV singing, and you're like, 'Oh my God! I mean, they suck! You know, who signed them?' Well, it's just because she's good lookin', or it's because he's takin' his shirt off and he's muscley or something, or else he wouldn't have gotten his chance.
Robert Vanleeuwen, Among Wolves'|Your spouse is not a possession you attain, but a friend in which you trust & adore.
Pazaria Smith|❤ doesn't wait to be told there's a need, it sees. ❤ never justifies a wrong, it repents. ❤ cannot retire, it has much to much work to do.
Sean Patrick Brennan, The Papal Visitor|Tell The Truth , and Shame The Devil.
Katharine Whitehorn|My grade 3 teacher put on a kids' Christmas concert, and I played the kazoo, so my mother bought me a trumpet. I took lessons for eight years, was in the Kitsilano Boys Band, and I played in the Vancouver Junior Symphony for two years.
Kelli Jae Baeli, Too Much World|The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Understand that every ‘voice’ has the spirit to influence. Watch your tone, accent, volume and speed. Be careful that you don’t sound angry or argumentative whenever driving an important point. Equally important, is not sounding serious or sounding playful when the message being conveyed needs to be taken seriously.
Elaine  White, Runaway Girl|He’s jealous because lions are better hunters.”--Monroe “Are you compensating for something, Monroe?” --Bastian
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|All, all, becomes profitable. Education is of the most satisfying and available nature. I am at Smith! Which two years ago was a doubtful dream - and that fortuitous change of dream to reality has led me to desire more, and to lash myself onward - onward.
Ryū Murakami, Piercing|I'm a man of few words, most of them end in off!
Auliq Ice|Let's be happy the way life takes shape, it is all decided and destined to be that way and we can't change anything unless we first change ourselves.
Joss Stirling, Stealing Phoenix|If a little kid ever asks you just why the sky is blue, you look him or her right in the eye and say, "It's because of quantum effects involving Rayleigh scattering combined with a lack of violet photon receptors in our retinae.
Nicholas Haslam|Every year in my life, I trust fewer and fewer people.
Albert Camus, The Plague|In vain a zealous evangelist with a fely hat and flowing tie threads his way through the crowd, crying without cease: 'God is great and good. Come unto Him.' On the contrary, they all make haste toward some trivial objective that seems of more immediate interest than God.
Gladys Knight|This isn't just about today, this about generations to come. And you've got a chance to be the greatest conservation President since Theodore Roosevelt, and I think he's done it.
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|If someone left, mean not your happiness gone surely, Happiness dependant not on others but yourself but be.[223]	- 4 (Thoughts)
Kristina McMorris, The Pieces We Keep|Not every loss was confirmed by an officer at the door. Nor a telegram with the power to sink a fleet. Loss, often the worst kind, also arrived through the deafening quiet of an absence.
Frank Boccia, The Crouching Beast: A United States Army Lieutenant's Account of the Battle for Hamburger Hill, May 1969|The old refrain is that there are no atheists in foxholes. That's nonsense. They are there by the millions. There is little in combat that will lead one to look upon the Creator with favor. What can't be there, instead, is the individualist, the selfish, the self-consumed, the self-centered, the aloof loner. Such a man cannot long survive. The terror of combat cannot be described by fear of death. There are worse things. The world can suddenly become a very cold place...He needs warmth, a fire, to survive: His discipline, his training, his duty, honor and country, his family, and ultimately the very oak of his manhood are thrown into the blaze, but they are not enough to save him. At the end, he needs the warmth of his comrades. Otherwise, all he will have with which to face the cold dark will be his own spent soul.
Wayde Goodall, Why Great Men Fall: 15 Winning Strategies to Rise Above It All|As sure as shadow follows substance and the sun rises on the east and sets on the west, a person who exercises professional excellence will be followed by success.
Jessica Haight and Stephanie Robinson|You must have traveled all night,” she heard herself say. “I had to come back early.” She felt his lips brush her tumbled hair. “I left some things unfinished. But I had a feeling you might need me. Tell me what’s happened, sweetheart.” Amelia opened her mouth to answer, but to her mortification, the only sound she could make was a sort of miserable croak. Her self-control shattered. She shook her head and choked on more sobs, and the more she tried to stop them, the worse they became. Cam gripped her firmly, deeply, into his embrace. The appalling storm of tears didn’t seem to bother him at all. He took one of Amelia’s hands and flattened it against his heart, until she could feel the strong, steady beat. In a world that was disintegrating around her, he was solid and real. “It’s all right,” she heard him murmur. “I’m here.” Alarmed by her own lack of self-discipline, Amelia made a wobbly attempt to stand on her own, but he only hugged her more closely. “No, don’t pull away. I’ve got you.” He cuddled her shaking form against his chest. Noticing Poppy’s awkward retreat, Cam sent her a reassuring smile. “Don’t worry, little sister.” “Amelia hardly ever cries,” Poppy said. “She’s fine.” Cam ran his hand along Amelia’s spine in soothing strokes. “She just needs…” As he paused, Poppy said, “A shoulder to lean on.” “Yes.” He drew Amelia to the stairs, and gestured for Poppy to sit beside them. Cradling Amelia on his lap, Cam found a handkerchief in his pocket and wiped her eyes and nose. When it became apparent that no sense could be made from her jumbled words, he hushed her gently and held her against his large, warm body while she sobbed and hid her face. Overwhelmed with relief, she let him rock her as if she were a child. As Amelia hiccupped and quieted in his arms, Cam asked a few questions of Poppy, who told him about Merripen’s condition and Leo’s disappearance, and even about the missing silverware. Finally getting control of herself, Amelia cleared her aching throat. She lifted her head from Cam’s shoulder and blinked. “Better?” he asked, holding the handkerchief up to her nose. Amelia nodded and blew obediently. “I’m sorry,” she said in a muffled voice. “I shouldn’t have turned into a watering pot. I’m finished now.” Cam seemed to look right inside her. His voice was very soft. “You don’t have to be sorry. You don’t have to be finished, either.” She realized that no matter what she did or said, no matter how long she wanted to cry, he would accept it. And he would comfort her.
Michelle M. Pillow, Love Potions|There ya are.” Erik grinned at her as he came bounding down the steps two at a time. He stepped around his statue of a sister as if such a thing were normal. Perhaps here it was. He paused, nodding at Malina. “Morning, banshee.” He gave a small brotherly laugh and poked his thumb toward her face. “She does kind of look like a banshee with her hair flying around like that and her mouth all open. Yeah, ma froze her good. See how her eyes don’t move?” Erik leaned closer to her and grinned as he looked into her mouth. “Ha, Euann put a mint in there.
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|If you know whence you came, there is really no limit to where you can go.
Tegan Quin|Here's what I think I'm having trouble with: this is what happiness is. When I was a kid, I thought I'd just get happier and happier as I got older, and have more things to be happy about. I based this theory on observation of select adults. The problem with my results is that I couldn't tell the difference then between happy and fake-happy. Now I know you pretend to be just frigging ecstatic over everything, maybe because you're so glad it's not worse.
Noam Chomsky|There was nothing so special about First Class, apart from the amount of uncalled for, almost disturbing, attention I got from the various six-feet tall heavily made up air hostesses, that I would come back for more given the steep price tag.
Stefan Molyneux|There is nothing that is going to make people hate you more, and love you more, than telling the truth.
bell hooks, The Will to Change: Men, Masculinity, and Love|When feminist women told the world that patriarchy promotes woman-hating, the response was that feminists were being too extreme, exaggerating the problem. Yet when men who knew nothing about feminism claimed that feminists were man-hating, there was no response from the nonfeminist world saying that they were being too extreme. No feminists have murdered and raped men. Feminists have not been jailed day after day for their violence against men. No feminists have been accused of ongoing sexual abuse of girl children, including creating a world of child pornography featuring little girls. Yet these are some of the acts of men that led some feminist women to identify men as woman-hating.
Karon Waddell|Life has simply decided to open the floodgates, trying to drown me in a whirlwind of twists and turns.
Jenni Schaefer, Goodbye Ed, Hello Me: Recover from Your Eating Disorder and Fall in Love with Life|Being stress and anxiety free is a human preset, I just show you how to 'flick the switch' to off. Permanent stress and anxiety recovery is possible quickly and simply despite what many are told.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|This is Africa, my friends … These folks do things differently.” Sven Taxel, who regards himself as an expert on South Africa because he has read Wilbur Smith, Rian Malan and André Brink, tries to calm his fellow congregation members.
Melina Marchetta, The Piper's Son|Granny looked up at the zombie. He was - or, technically, had been - a tall, handsome man. He still was, only now he looked like someone who had walked through a room full of cobwebs.'What's your name, dead man?' she said.
Yōko Ogawa, The Housekeeper and the Professor|I am neither foe nor friend to my brothers, but such as each of them shall deserve of me. And to earn my love, my brothers must do more than to have been born. I do not grant my love without reason, nor to any chance passer-by who may wish to claim it. I honor men with my love. But honor is a thing to be earned.I shall choose friends among men, but neither slaves nor masters. And I shall choose only such as please me, and them I shall love and respect, but neither command not obey.
Cornell Woolrich, Angels of Darkness|And the blood remembers what the heart has never learned. The approach to kill. ("The Moon Of Montezuma")
Dada Bhagwan|That which cures all worldly miseries, is called ‘Scientific’ Knowledge.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|This moment is yours and yours alone! Take charge, seize this moment and allow it to propel you to the high levels of an empowered life. Allow upon this fertile moment to be planted the seeds of your happiness and success.
Richard Powers, The Time of Our Singing|If my journey was so easy, I would have missed out on life's invaluable lessons. From misery I learnt to comfort those in tears, from lack I learnt to give to the needy; from uncertainty I learnt to understand others and from my silence I learnt to speak for the voiceless.
C. JoyBell C.|In all things in this life, we are told "It's okay if you don't make it the first time!", "It's fine if you don't get it right the first time, just try again and again!" We are told this in learning how to ride a bike, in learning how to bake a cake, in solving our math equations...in everything. Except marriage. Why are we all expected to get such an enormous and weighty thing right, the very first time, and if we don't we're considered as failures? I beg to differ! This is a stupidity!
Julius Evola|This kind of renunciation, in fact, has often been the strength, born of necessity, of the world's disinherited, of those who do not fit in with their surroundings or with their own body or with their own race or tradition and who hope, by means of renunciation, to assure for themselves a future world where, to use a Nietzschean expression, the inversion of all values will occur.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|We’re capable of much more than mediocrity, much more than merely getting by in this world.
Kamand Kojouri|The first time I heard you laugh, I only wanted to say funny things so you would always be laughing. You know what happens to chocolate when you leave it out in the sun? I’m that unfortunate chocolate and you, you are the laughing sun. For this reason, I am offering myself to you not as a martyr or some selfless fool, but as a self-indulgent moth who actively pursues the light without much fear for the flame. The moth who revels in the heat and declares: Burn me.
Robert Fogel|We're moving to this integration of biomedicine, information technology, wireless and mobile now - an era of digital medicine. Even my stethoscope is now digital. And of course, there's an app for that.
Villiers de L'Isle-Adam, Tomorrow's Eve|Dead voices, lost sounds, forgotten noises, vibrations lockstepping into the abyss and now too distant ever to be recaptured!...What sort of arrows would be able to transfix such birds?
Audie Murphy|I didn't come to Washington to fight against my Republican colleagues, or even against my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. I came to Washington to fight for the values that make our country unique - for the economic freedom that gives life to the American Dream.
Libba Bray, The Diviners|Every act has both good and evil results. Every act in life yields pairs of opposites in its results. The best we can do is lean toward the light, toward the harmonious relationships that come from compassion with suffering, from understanding the other person.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Every idea, both good and bad will definitely have an opposition. The fact that someone mocks your ideas and dreams does not mean they are bad. Take note!
J.R. Rim|To the world, most people are not remembered for being great parents. To the child, without parents, nothing great would have been put into the world.
Eleanor Roosevelt|America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.
Dr.T.V.Rao MD|A double bed can seem awfully small if your'e sharing it with someone you don't love." -Misia
Lailah Gifty Akita|It is not so important what deeds we do when times are good, but what good we do in bad times.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Letters and Papers from Prison|We ought not to be in too much of a hurry here to speak piously of God’s will and guidance. It is obvious, and it should not be ignored, that it is your own very human wills that are at work here, celebrating their triumph; the course that you are taking at the outset is one that you have chosen for yourselves…
Marine Le Pen|Life is bigger than cinema. Cinema is just a part of life, so I never take success or failure seriously.
John Green, Paper Towns|Peeing is like a good book in that it is very, very hard to stop once you start.
Kevin Hart|He must have courage, not the physical courage required on a battlefield but the moral courage to make and carry out decisions that might directly counter to the wishes of his superiors. He must have great willpower. and, perhaps above all, he must have the gift of leadership.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you love everything around you, forgive the past, show the gratitude, feel the joy of life, because you are a miracle still alive.
Austin V. Songer|All that matters is this moment and what you make of it, because the past is history and the future is just full of wishes that you can’t foresee.
Tessa Emily Hall, Purple Moon|Realize that the tests you endure will mold your character, persona, and will. The more heartbreak and pain you will feel with your trials in life, the greater your joy and glory will be once you've overcome. Not IF, not POSSIBLY, not MAYBE, but ONCE you have overcome.
Marianne Williamson, A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of "A Course in Miracles"|Every faction conditions its members to think and act a certain way. And most people do it. For most people, it's not hard to learn, to find a pattern of thought that works and stay that way. But our minds move in a dozen different directions. We can't be confined to one way of thinking, and that terrifies our leaders. It means we can't be controlled. And it means that no matter what they do, we will always cause trouble for them.
John Lahr|At age 11 in 1960, I moved to an academic state secondary school, Harrow County Grammar School for Boys.
Edward P. Morgan|A book is the only place in which you can examine a fragile thought without breaking it, or explore an explosive idea without fear it will go off in your face. It is one of the few havens remaining where a man's mind can get both provocation and privacy.
David Levithan, Every Day|I've been trying not to think about the things I wanted but couldn't have.I figured life must be about what you can't have.Some part of me has given up wanting anything. Why? I'm human, aren't I?Even though I knew that this was pointless.Why did I fall in love?
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza|In my experience, influence is power.
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|The faith a movement proclaims doesn't count: what counts is the hope it offers. All heresies are the banner of a reality, an exclusion. Scratch the heresy and you will find the leper. Every battle against heresy wants only this: to keep the leper as he is.
Dean Koontz, Innocence|People with disabilities are sometimes very humble and approachable, if you want a seasoned reputation, then behave like one of the handicaps.
Tullian Tchividjian|Fear, anxiety and neurosis: that's just in the suitcase when you're an actor.
Anthony Liccione|Some might say; loving is worse than hating, yet leaving is the worst.
Mehmet Murat ildan|And, for the gods sake, don't waste the whole day working! Make time for a bit of adventure dear. This life is only so long.
Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography|...The editors of (i)Life(i) rejected Kerész'a photographs when he arrived in the United States in 1937 because, they said, his images 'spoke too much'; they made us reflect, suggested a meaning — a different meaning from the literal one. Ultimately, Photography is subversive not when it frightens, repels, or even stigmatizes, but when it is (i)pensive(i), when it thinks.
Craig Thompson, Blankets|She told us about the goddess called Persephone, who was forced to spend half a year in the darkness deep underground. Winter happened when she was trapped inside the earth. The days shrank, they became cold and short and dark. Living things hid themselves away. Spring came when she was released and made her slow way up to the world again. The world became brighter and bolder in order to welcome her back. It began to be filled with warmth and light. The animals dared to wake, they dared to have their young. Plants dared to send out buds and shoots. Life dared to come back.
Jeffrey K. Liker, Toyota Talent|If more people had the courage to discover their potential, we might find that such talents are not so rare
L.J. Smith, The Awakening / The Struggle|On top of the world, or in the depths of despair.
Christian Wiman, My Bright Abyss: Meditation of a Modern Believer|Mystical experience needs some form of dogma in order not to dissipate into moments of spiritual intensity that are merely personal, and dogma needs regular infusions of unknowingness to keep from calcifying into the predictable, pontificating, and anti-intellectual services so common in mainstream American churches. So what does all this mean practically? It means that congregations must be conscious of the persistent and ineradicable loneliness that makes a person seek communion, with other people and with God, in the first place. It means that conservative churches that are infused with the bouncy brand of American optimism one finds in sales pitches are selling shit. It means that liberal churches that go months without mentioning the name of Jesus, much less the dying Christ, have no more spiritual purpose or significance than a local union hall. It means that we -- those of us who call ourselves Christians -- need a revolution in the way we worship. This could mean many different things -- poetry as liturgy, focused and extended silences, learning from other religious traditions and rituals (this seems crucial), incorporating apophatic language. But one thing it means for sure: we must be conscious of language as language, must call into question every word we use until we refine or remake a language that is fit for our particular religious doubts and despairs -- and of course (and most of all!) our joys.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Change takes time, forethought and knowledge, as well as an envisioned goal.
Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock|If your life is Christ, then your death will be only more of Christ, forever. If your life is only Christlessness, then your death will be only more Christlessness, forever. That's not fundamentalism, that's the law of non-contradiction.
Brenda Sutton Rose|As long as the earth remains, there will be day and night, planting and harvesting, cold and heat, summer and winter. These cycles shall never ceased. Genesis 8:22
Mark Batterson|In every dream journey, there comes a moment when you have to quit living as if the purpose of life is to arrive safely at death.
Elizabeth F. Barkley, Student Engagement Techniques: A Handbook for College Faculty|Although the terms teaching and learning are typically paired, those of us who teach know that students don't always learn. When I complained about this early in my teaching career, a colleagues chided me: "Saying 'I thaught the students something, they just didn't learn it' is akin to saying 'I sold them the car, they just didn't but it'".
Thomm Quackenbush, A Creature Was Stirring|We paw at nostalgia even before we hit twenty, wanting a holiday that never happened, a wholesomeness that could not survive in the wild.
Jeanette Winterson|Love, they say, enslaves and passion is a demon and many have been lost for love. I know this is true, but I know too that without love we grope the tunnels of our lives and never see the sun. When I fell in love it was as though I looked into a mirror for the first time and saw myself. I lifted my hand in bewilderment and felt my cheeks, my neck. This was me. And when I had looked at myself and grown accustomed to who I was, I was not afraid to hate parts of me because I wanted to be worthy of the mirror bearer.
Baris Gencel|No matter the age, a woman who is unloved is lost - unloved she might as well die.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When darkness comes,stars shine.When storms come,plants flourish.When adversity comes,champions triumph.
Glennon Doyle Melton, Love Warrior|You heard Alanna. Someone’s got to be on you at all times.” His dark eyes glinted with a hot sort of mischief, his double entendre clear as day.
Anton Chekhov, The Essential Tales of Chekhov|In reality, there are no enemies; we're all souls in growth, waking up
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|If God is your pilot, do not fear any turbulence.
Linda Flower, Writer-Based Prose: A Cognitive Basis for Problems in Writing|When in doubt, go the scandalous route.
Tiffany Madison|I believe the world is divided in three groups: givers, takers and the few that can balance both impulses. Giving and loving is a beautiful thing. It is the currency of compassion and kindness, it is what separates good people from the rest. And without it, the world would be a bleak place. If you are a giver, it is wise to define your boundaries because takers will take what you allow them to; all givers must learn to protect that about themselves or eventually, there is nothing left to give.
Martha Beck|First and foremost, we need to be the adults we want our children to be. We should watch our own gossiping and anger. We should model the kindness we want to see.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|Energy is liberated matter, matter is energy waiting to happen.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Prozac Nation|In the meantime, I could withdraw to my room, could hide and sleep as if I were dead
Tracey Alvarez, In Too Deep|Oh God, how she wanted more... She wanted to nibble and feast on much more than his mouth. And she wanted him to devour her. A craving to have his naked body atop her, under her, moving inside her, intensified, and it sent potent heat waves down her spine. If she could lock them in a time warp right now, she would...
Frank Herbert, God Emperor of Dune|Dangers lurk in all systems. Systems incorporate the unexamined beliefs of their creators. Adopt a system, accept its beliefs, and you help strengthen the resistance to change
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Life was the gift that you were given the day you were born, and in turn you are the gift to life. Only in the moments of being alone in the darkness on the raft, will you have the space to speak, listen, and to act from the heart.
Clarissa Pinkola Estes|If Thai citizens still hold this harmony in their hearts, there is hope that in whatever the situation, Thailand will surely get through it safely and with stability.
Carrie Underwood|It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Thank God you have got a Father that can be angry, but that loves you as much when He is angry as when He smiles upon you.
Amit Ray, Om Chanting and Meditation|The easiest way to get touch with this universal power is through silent Prayer. Shut your eyes, shut your mouth, and open your heart. This is the golden rule of prayer. Prayer should be soundless words coming forth from the centre of your heart filled with love.
Kate Bernheimer|…while the outside world was full of danger, I knew my interior. I was certain that I could oust an intruder there.
Abhijit Naskar, The God Parasite: Revelation of Neuroscience|Regardless of the perpetual battle between believers and atheists, for me, religion is a tool of making friends, rather than making enemies.
Scaachi Koul, One Day We'll All Be Dead and None of This Will Matter|Charity shook her head, struggling to get back into the flow of Lady Margaret's crisply worded presentation. Brandy brought sleep, and a temporary escape from the ache of a broken heart. But in the morning came gritty eyes, a furry tongue, and a pounding headache that made a foolish girl wince and rub her temples whenever her coolly perfect boss was looking the other way.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Bread for the Journey: A Daybook of Wisdom and Faith|Listening in the spiritual life is much more than a psychological strategy to help others discover themselves. In the spiritual life the listener is not the ego, which would like to speak but is trained to restrain itself, but the Spirit of God within us. When we are baptised in the Spirit - that is, when we have received the Spirit of Jesus as the breath of God breathing within us - that Spirit creates in us a sacred space where the other can be received and listened to. The Spirit of Jesus prays in us and listens in us to all who come to us with their sufferings and pains. When we dare to fully trust in the power of God's Spirit listening in us, we will see true healing occur.
Kay Redfield Jamison|The people we love get under our skin and crawl through our veins and fine their way into our heart. They choke up our blood flow and mess up our breathing and tangle themselves through our bodies like wire. Like razors, like fire.We remember them even when we don't remember them.We try and forget, but it's pointless.Even amnesia. Even comas and brain damage and traumatic shock.Whatever makes us not remember, we still remember.Our minds flounder like fish but our bodies...Our bodies remember.
Isobelle Carmody, Greylands|Glinda waved dismissively. Then she tucked her hand against her mouth and bit her knuckles. It was hard to tell if her pretty ways were studied or innate.  "Oh, oh," she managed, "I don't know that I'll see you again- and you remind me so of her.
Rosie Blythe, The Princess Guide to Life|Food in wartime Britain, she had to admit, was hardly inspiring.
J.D.  Jordan, Calamity: Being an Account of Calamity Jane and Her Gunslinging Green Man|If, one day, you find yourself involved in a dirty game, keep in mind that you end up screwed unless you screw your opponent over.
Mikhail Bakunin|There are still people in my party who believe in consensus politics. I regard them as Quislings, as traitors... I mean it.
JohnA Passaro, 6 Minutes Wrestling With Life|I love my mother.My mother loves my dad.Those two facts are undeniable.I want my father to live.I want him to fight to live as long as he can.My mother wants to let him pass.She does not want him suffering anymore.She says that I am not there in the middle of the night at home, when he begs her to let him die.I say that he should not be taking the medicine that the doctor is prescribing, that it made Mike Tyson want to eat his opponents young.
Jeffrey R. Immelt|The measure of a man is not how great his faith is, but how great his love is. We must not let government programs disconnect our souls from each other.
Cornel West, Race Matters|I am standing puzzled, unable to decide whether the veil is really being lifted, or lowered more firmly in place; whether I am witnessing a revelation or a more efficient blinding.
Susan Hill, Mrs de Winter|I was frightened of myself, I seemed to have no control over my thoughts and feelings, it was like a sort of madness...
Adam Johnson, The Orphan Master's Son|First of all, we've never had capitalism, so it can't end. We have some variety of state capitalism. If you fly on an airplane, you're basically flying in a modified bomber. If you buy drugs, the basic research was done under public funding and support. The high-tech system is permeated with internal controls, government subsidies. And if you look at what are supposed to be the growing alternatives, China is another form of state capitalism...The question is whether these systems, whatever they are, can be adapted to current problems and circumstances. For example, there's no justification, economic or other, for the enormous and growing role of financial institutions since the 1970s. Even some of the most respected economists pint out that they're just a drag on the economy. Martin Wolf of the Financial Times says straight out that the financial institutions shouldn't be allowed to have anything like the power they do. There's plenty of leeway for modification and change. Worker-owned industries can take over. There's interesting work on this topic by Gar Alperovitz, who has been right at the center of a lot of organizing around worker control. It's not a revolution, but it's the germ of another type of capitalism, capitalism in the sense that markets and profit are involved.
Rebecca Goldstein, Plato at the Googleplex: Why Philosophy Won't Go Away|A world without glass would strike at the foundation of modern progress: the extended lifespans that come from understanding the cell, the virus, and the bacterium; the genetic knowledge of what makes us human; the astronomer's knowledge of our place in the universe. No material on Earth mattered more to those conceptual breakthroughs than glass.
Donna Ball, A Year on Ladybug Farm|We do not deny any nation's legitimate interest in security. But protecting the security of one nation by robbing another of its national independence and national traditions is not legitimate. In the long run, it is not even secure.
V. Pain|Fish for a man, he'll eat for a day, don't teach him to de-bone that fish, You may not have to worry about him tomorrow!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Possibilities exist for you, to educate yourself, to the highest degree.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|Teenagers who do not go to church are adored by God, but they don't get to meet some of the people who love God back.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Quest|His face was so ravaged, it was like looking at death itself. Except for the smooth, silvered part of it. By creeping degrees, his human hand lifted. He turned it over, showing a bloody palm. His cracked lips moved. 'Beloved.'He could not say the word, but I knew it. So did his Fool.
H. G. Wells|The tradition in Serbia has always been team sports - football, basketball, handball, volleyball and water polo, individual sports are not supported.
Sunday Adelaja|Time should be seen and assessed in seconds, minutes, hours and days
Jeffrey Tucker|If you kill, kidnap & rape your opponents claiming that you're fighting the terrorist that is not exist!Soon it'll be existing as you're sowing it!Miserable Egypt!
Tom Robbins, Fierce Invalids Home from Hot Climates|That's the way the mind works: the brain is genetically disposed towards organization, yet if not controlled, will link even the most imagerial fragment to another on the flimsiest pretense and in the most freewheeling manner, as if it takes a kind of organic pleasure in creative association, without regards to logic or chronological sequence.
Keke Palmer|I named my album 'So Uncool' because it defies the ordinary: you're different from everyone else. It's like, being uncool makes you cool because you're different!
Shayne Leighton, Of Light and Darkness|We mustn't speak of nightmares here, girly. Evil feeds on 'em, don't ya know it." Mr Trinozka (character)
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|To be stupid, and selfish, and to have good health are the three requirements for happiness - though if stupidity is lacking, the others are useless.
Omer Abazi|Watching movies simply is a promiscuous experience. The voracity it breeds! That quantity of quiddity compressed and quickened and sent at you! It's a little bit mad, isn't it, to hold a faithful flame for the one you've picked, when no such choice is required of you? The sane response to a rainbow is not to pick your favourite colour.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|The sound of a kiss is not as strong as that of a cannon, but its echo endures much longer.
Anthony T. Hincks|If we're honest with ourselves, most of us know the one thing we lack.
Aleena Yasin|Sometimes love cut so deep it caused terrible pain, or crossed paths with the joy of his present experiences.
Noam Chomsky|Instead of starting a new nuclear arms race, now is the time to reclaim our Nation's position of leadership on nuclear nonproliferation efforts.
Andre Gide|I don't have to have faith, I have experience.
Thea Harrison, Moonshadow|Of course no one accused the old woman of being a witch. But she was foreign. Her words percolated up the tunnel of her throat , espresso-thick and strong. Bad weather had eroded her face. Some believed that the sun had crisped her skin into coriaceous pleats. Others blamed the chaw of a wintry climate. No one knew where she came from, though lots of people privately thought that perhaps she ought to go back.
Jude Morgan, Indiscretion|You can greet even the dullest acquaintance with pleasure, if you have forgotten their dreary story.
Nick|Plant the seed now, enjoy the fruit later.
Edward Bulwer-Lytton|You don't have to be ruled by fate. You can choose freedom, and I still believe that that's something worth fighting for.
Suzanne Collins|The awful thing is that if i can forget they're people, it will be no different at all
William Butler Yeats|Outside of the chair, the teapot is the most ubiquitous and important design element in the domestic environment and almost everyone who has tackled the world of design has ended up designing one.
Chris Tomlin|Isn't it interesting that in Acts 11, at the end of verse 26, it says, "The disciples were called Christians first at Antioch." What I find interesting is the simple thought that the Christians didn't name themselves. But rather, they were called (or named) "Christians" by those watching their lives. I wonder if it would be the same today. Could someone look at your life or look at my life and name me a Christian? A humbling thought for sure.
Dauglas Dauglas, Roses in the Rainbow|Today was the introduction, and introductions were important. The girl had to meet the boy in an equal setting – if they met any other way there’d always be a question about whether it was True Love or a more financially motivated desire that awakened the passions.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Consort|She sat up, cheeks flushed and golden hair tousled. She was so beautiful that it made my soul ache. I always wished desperately that I could paint her in these moments and immortalize that look in her eyes. There was a softness in them that I rarely saw at other times, a total and complete vulnerability in someone who was normally so guarded and analytical in the rest of her life. But although I was a decent painter, capturing her on canvas was beyond my skill. She collected her brown blouse and buttoned it up, hiding the brightness of turquoise lace with the conservative attire she liked to armor herself in. She’d done an overhaul of her bras in the last month, and though I was always sad to see them disappear, it made me happy to know they were there, those secret spots of color in her life.
M.J. Haag, Devastation: A Beauty and the Beast Novel|Curled on my side, I snuggled deeper into the pile of furs lying under me. From the darkness, something growled softly and silenced the bird as a large warm hand soothed my hair. I sank back into my slumber.
Charles Bukowski, Betting on the Muse: Poems and Stories|River had never lost his cool, not since I'd know him. That was the thing about River. He was calm. Calm as a summer's day. Calm as a gentle nap in the sun. Even when girls were fainting and men were slitting their throats in front of you.
G.J. Walker-Smith|For all its ridiculous imperfections, life is pretty damn perfect sometimes.
Chris Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|God is available in your thinking, impulses, and impressions on your mind, so login
Ax-n Arshed|Chameleon Is The Animal Which Change According To Surrounding, Feature Similar To Human
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In any situation, there is hope.
Kresley Cole, Lothaire|Too bad,Elizabeth. You're Stuck with me.Not for a few decades,not for centuries. You're tied to me forever. That boy and girl offspring you talked off? They'll come from me--or no one.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science|Deeds need time, even after they are done, in order to be seen or heard.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|No matter how cold your proverbial winter, you can plant seeds of change in your life by changing your thoughts and actions.
Saul Bellow, Herzog|No true individual has existed yet, able to live, able to die. Only diseased, tragic, or dismal and ludicrous fools who sometimes hoped to achieve some ideal by fiat, by their great desire for it. But usually by bullying all mankind into believing them.
H.S. Rissam, The scalpel: game beneath|LOVE is the most incendiary element ever known, once it sparks the heart, the flame is inextinguishable.
Howard Tayler, The Tub of Happiness|The Tausennigan Ob'enn warlords look like cuddly teddy-bears?""Yes, they do, and they'd cheerfully exterminate your entire race for making that observation!""I guess that explains their rich military history, then.
Kenzaburō Ōe, Hiroshima Notes|The people of Hiroshima went to work at once to restore human society in the aftermath of the great atomic flood. They were concerned to salvage their own lives, but in the process they also salvaged the souls of the people who have brought the atomic bomb.
J.E.B. Spredemann, An Unforgivable Secret|She knew that oftentimes hurtful people were hurting people, so she determined to pray for them all the more.
Ali McNamara, From Notting Hill with Love... Actually|Bruce decides to spend the family fortune on capes and crime labs and to fritter away his free time fighting crazy criminals. Now that's an out-of-the-box calling. What sort of person makes a life change like that without radical submission? Without that submission, without an understanding that there is something greater out there, the principles of the comic villain look far more reasonable.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to the Kingdom of Conscience|Discover the God in Life itself. And one who does, becomes a better version of himself or herself. If the entrepreneur thinks that he or she is the God, he or she will be a better entrepreneur. If the student thinks he or she is the God, he or she will be a better student. If the Scientist thinks that he or she is the God, he or she will be a better Scientist, and so on.
Winna Efendi, Draf 1: Taktik Menulis Fiksi Pertamamu|Treat your relationship with your writing as an important one. Seperti hubungan kamu dengan pacar, teman-teman dan keluarga. Temukan komitmen untuk terus berjalan maju, dan tentukan target untuk tulisanmu (secara waktu, juga secara kualitas), lalu terapkan disiplin untuk mencapai deadline.
Hilary Mantel, A Place of Greater Safety|The rain began to fall harder, and it distracted him, but he tried to pull himself back because he felt on the verge of understanding something large and important. It seemed to him that this moment—the light and wind, the sweep of fields, the falling rain, the lowing cows, Leah’s form as it twisted to one side and then another—captured a sort of life that he longed for, a life of order and harsh beauty, and although this was his farm and his vision, it did not seem to be his life. It seemed instead to be the thing for which he must daily give up his life, an act of submission to something he could not name and only rarely, in moments such as these, have a sense of. Life during these moments seemed neither lost nor ruined but a power to be shared, as the grass shares its power with the living things that devour it.
Auliq Ice|And I would tell him, so full of twentysomething wisdom, that life is almost never about choosing between one thing you really want and another thing you don't want at all. If you're lucky, and healthy, and live in a country where you have enough to eat and no fear that you're going to get shot when you walk out your door, life is an endless series of choosing between two things you want almost equally. And you have to evaluate and determine which awesome thing you want infinitesimally more, and then give up that other awesome thing you want almost exactly as much. You have to trade awesome for awesome. Everyone I knew, no matter what they chose, was at least a little in mourning for that other thing.
David Mathis, Habits of Grace: Enjoying Jesus through the Spiritual Disciplines|This is the heart of prayer—not getting things from God, but getting God.
David Eddings, Enchanters' End Game|You won't be able to do it wrong, Durnik--any more than you'd be able to lie or cheat or steal. It's built into you to do it right, so don't worry about it.""That's all very well for you to say, Mistress, Pol," he replied, "but if you don't mind, I will worry about it just a bit--privately of course.
Edward Humes, Garbology: Our Dirty Love Affair with Trash|[S]ome score of members of the High Court of Chancery bar ought to be --- as here they are --- mistily engaged in one of the ten thousand stages of an endless cause, tripping one another up on slippery precedents, groping knee-deep in technicalities, running their goat-hair and horse-hair warded heads against walls of words, and making a pretence of equity with serious faces ....
Saravana Kumar Murugan, Coffee Date|Friendship, a covalent bond, powerful and without any expectations.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Our daily habits – honorable and dishonorable, noble and ignoble, vital and vile – are revelatory. Our sense of self is fashioned partially by what we employ to crank us up in order to charge through every day, or stated otherwise, what vices we partake of and what substances we are addicted to using.
Robert Kraft|What gives me the most hope every day is God's grace; knowing that his grace is going to give me the strength for whatever I face, knowing that nothing is a surprise to God.
Eric Samuel Timm|They are the ones who bring meaning to our lives, who happen to inspire, who spark a fire that we carry with us for the rest of our days, who are but pillars of hope and sometimes sacrifice, life-changers, life-savers, catalysts.
Bryonie Wise, HEART ROAR: A Book of Tiny Prayers|choose your words well(be honest, be true)butabove all else,be kind
Catherine Lacey, The Answers|I sometimes wondered why I even answered the phone, but I guess I always had the hope that it would be someone else, some other way of life calling for me.
Abigail Adams|I made decisions that I regret, and I took them as learning experiences... I'm human, not perfect, like anybody else.
Amanda Young, Circling Back|Stella couldn’t believe this was happening. Gavin and Holden were both in her bed and just as desperate for her as she was for them. Her life had morphed into a cross between a romance novel and a porno. If she was dreaming, she didn’t ever want to wake up.
Wasif Ali Wasif|We in the West regard the universe as a creation of God; like an invention or a product. After he created the universe, God set himself to oversee it and manage it. We see God as our boss. He created the universe, he is present in it, he manages every part of it, but he is still separate from it. It's like he installed video cameras all over the universe, so he can see everything that happens, and he can cause this or that to happen, but he is not a part of what happens. The Eastern view is very different. To the Hindu, for example, God didn't create the universe, but God became the universe. Then he forgot that he became the universe. Why would God do this? Basically, for entertainment. You create a universe, and that in itself is very exciting. But then what? Should you sit back and watch this universe of yours having all the fun? No, you should have all the fun yourself. To accomplish this, God transformed into the whole universe. God is the Universe, and everything in it. But the universe doesn't know that because that would ruin the suspense. The universe is God's great drama, and God is the stage, the actors, and the audience all at once. The title of this epic drama is "The Great Unknown Outcome." Throw in potent elements like passion, love, hate, good, evil, free will; and who knows what will happen? No one knows, and that is what keeps the universe interesting. But everyone will have a good time. And there is never really any danger, because everyone is really God, and God is really just playing around.
Sarah Hunter Hyatt, A Dash of Madness: A Thriller Anthology|No woman will ever take care of my children but me, she said. I will not allow it, do you understand?And after I am gone Madge Toxley, if you try to make them yours, then you will live to regret it.
Dawn French|I've done plenty of daredeviling - from white-water rafting to bungee jumping. But I think the most fearless was hosting the Emmy Awards. It was overwhelming, and I definitely had to leave fear at the door.
Miguel Reynolds Brandao, The Sustainable Organisation - a paradigm for a fairer society: Think about sustainability in an age of technological progress and rising inequality|We maintain, on the contrary, that war is simply a continuation of political intercourse, with the addition of other means. We deliberately use the phrase “with the addition of other means” because we also want to make it clear that war in itself does not suspend political intercourse or change it into something entirely different. In essentials that intercourse continues, irrespective of the means it employs.
Fia Black, The Broken Mask|You are not allowed to get lost unless I want to lose you. You aren’t allowed to be found, unless it’s me doing the finding. And the only way you’re allowed to die is if I choose to kill you with my own hands. Your life doesn’t belong to you anymore, and if I have to murder you tonight and paint the snow with your blood to make you understand that, I will. You are mine, Kingsley. End of discussion.
C. Elizabeth|Years of love, followed by heartache. Those are the years that define me.Those are the years that know– love’s eternity is you.
Aline Ohanesian, Orhan's Inheritance|We don't want to hear it, but one of the biggest "secrets" to success is the ability to take action.
shivangi lavaniya|i asked myself "what you wanna become" she replied "everything i am
Mahatma Gandhi|Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into.
Jaron Lanier, You Are Not a Gadget|When the time travel is eventually doable technologically,yesterday was dead a man who is going to be born tomorrow.
Tony Blair|As the first Hispanic female governor in history, little girls often come up to me in the grocery store or the mall. They look and point, and when they get the courage, they ask 'Are you Susana?' and they run up and give me a hug.
Leo Tolstoy|...go live happily alone requires a serious amount of intentional thought. It's not as simple as signing the lease on your own apartment and leaving it at that. You must figure out what you need to feel comfortable at home and in the world, no matter your means (indeed, staying within your means), and arrange your life accordingly--a metaphorical architecture.
Anthon St. Maarten|Never shy away from opportunity and wholehearted living. Never be fearful of putting yourself out there. The courageous may encounter many disappointments, experience profound disillusionment, gather many wounds; but cherish your scars for they are the proud emblems of a truly phenomenal life. The fearful, cautious, cynical and self-repressed do not live at all. And that is simply no way to be in this world.
Rahul Bijlaney|We perceive our circumstances as good or bad. The circumstances in themselves are powerless unless we attach our emotions to them.A boyfriend and girlfriend witnessing the sunset together find it so very romantic. But if they are forced to stay separately, the same sunset causes pain since they are apart.A man dying of terminal illness finds it as a signal of death.A depressed man finds it as "one more day gone".A poet finds poetry in the sunset.A painter finds beautiful shades in it.It's the same sunset but the perceptions are different.Learn to see a situation as just a situation. Neither good nor bad. Then there is no pain. No ecstasy.Learn to just BE. Don't try to BE.Love and Peace to All!!!
Henry Kuttner, Masters of Horror|This is the story of a boy named Pete Coutinho, who had a spell put on him. Some people might have called it a curse. I don't know. It depends on a lot of things, on whether you've got gipsy blood, like old Beatriz Sousa, who learned a lot about magic from the wild gitana tribe in the mountains beyond Lisbon, and whether you're satisfied with a fisherman's life in Cabrillo.Not that a fisherman's life is a bad one, far from it. By day you go out in the boats that rock smoothly across the blue Gulf waters, and at night you can listen to music and drink wine at the Shore Haven or the Castle or any of the other taverns on Front Street. What more do you want? What more is there?And what does any sensible man, or any sensible boy, want with that sorcerous sort of glamor that can make everything incredibly bright and shining, deepening colors till they hurt, while wild music swings down from stars that have turned strange and alive? Pete shouldn't have wanted that, I suppose, but he did, and probably that's why there happened to him - what did happen. And the trouble began long before the actual magic started working.("Before I Wake...")
Anita R. Sneed-Carter|Find your place in life, and GROW!
Amit Kalantri|I agree that sometimes it is difficult to choose between right and wrong, but not between right and stupid.
Shannon L. Alder|And what if we’d been utterly open? Made jokes about the first wife? What if we’d been that kind of family? Well, I would have been different, surely. But not because I knew the secret. For it wasn’t the secret—the secret that wasn’t a secret anyway—that led to the austerity in our lives. It was the austerity that led to the secret. And what I had been marked by, probably most of all, was the austerity. It had made secrets in my life too. Or silences, anyway, that became secrets. That became lies. 
Harriet Brown|Between 10 and 20 percent of people with anorexia die from heart attacks, other complications and suicide; the disease has the highest mortality rate of any mental illness. Or Kitty could have lost her life in a different way, lost it to the roller coaster of relapse and recovery, inpatient and outpatient, that eats up, on average, five to seven years. Or a lifetime: only half of all anorexics recovery in the end. The other half endure lives of dysfunction and despair. Friends and families give up on them. Doctors dread treating them. They’re left to stand in the bakery with the voice ringing in their ears, alone in every way that matters.
Rey Mysterio|The biggest thing I possess is infinite patience. Once you are patient, things fall in place.
Dan Harris, 10% Happier: How I Tamed the Voice in My Head, Reduced Stress Without Losing My Edge, and Found Self-Help That Actually Works|In short, you do not have to take the job that will create excessive stress and overarousal. Someone else will take it and flourish in it. You do not have to work long hours. Indeed, it may be your duty to work shorter ones. It may not be best to advertise it, but keeping yourself healthy and in your right range of arousal is the first condition for helping others.
Nate Berkus|Books are the heart of any home, and I spend hours going through books for design inspiration.
George Gissing, The Private Papers of Henry Ryecroft|Money is made at Christmas out of holly and mistletoe, but who save the vendors would greatly care if no green branch were procurable? One symbol, indeed, has obscured all others--the minted round of metal. And one may safely say that, of all the ages since a coin first became the symbol of power, ours is that in which it yields to the majority of its possessors the poorest return in heart's contentment.
Lauren Oliver, Liesl & Po|It was all very strange, Mr. Gray thought, as he wiped the coffee canister clean with a sponge. Very, very mysterious. You were born; you lived a whole life; and at the end, you wound up in a coffee canister."Ah, well," he said out loud quietly. "That's just the way things are. Life's a funny business." Death, he supposed, was the punch line.
Bakhtiyar Ali, I Stared at the Night of the City|I think that after a revolution a man needs a few years to get used to the new era. I knew from my limited and worthless experience that those who tear down and destroy one era cannot build another. Just as weapons can't suddenly become flowers, a killer can't suddenly turn gardener.Hasan-i Tofan, an earlier killer and member of "The Finishing-Off Sports Club
Donna Quesada, Buddha in the Classroom: Zen Wisdom to Inspire Teachers|The effects you will have on your students are infinite and currently unknown; you will possibly shape the way they proceed in their careers, the way they will vote, the way they will behave as partners and spouses, the way they will raise their kids.
Akon|Of all the things people have taught me regarding life lessons or anything that would benefit me, I don't think anything helped me learn more about life than football. You go through so many different things: adversity, how to handle adversity, how to handle success, how to lead, how to be a teammate, how to communicate.
Elton John|Without doubt, without hesitation, I choose gardening over the gym. I can't stand going to the gym. It doesn't appeal to me at all. Give me gardening every time.
Joseph Kosinski|I got up with my wife, I sat down at the computer when she went to work, and I didn't stop until she got home.
Adolf Hitler, Mein Kampf|Whereas it appeareth that however certain forms of government are better calculated than others to protect individuals in the free exercise of their natural rights, and are at the same time themselves better guarded against degeneracy, yet experience hath shewn, that even under the best forms, those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it into tyranny; and it is believed that the most effectual means of preventing this would be, to illuminate, as far as practicable, the minds of the people at large, ....whence it becomes expedient for promoting the publick happiness that those persons, whom nature hath endowed with genius and virtue, should be rendered by liberal education worthy to receive, and able to guard the sacred deposit of the rights and liberties of their fellow citizens, and that they should be called to that charge without regard to wealth, birth or accidental condition of circumstance.
Sunday Adelaja|Being aware of who you are, you will ensure that you do not waste your time spending energy on unnecessary things
John Marsden, Darkness, Be My Friend|No matter how far we come, our parents are always in us.
Karen Joy Fowler|So many problems, however infinitely varied they first appear, turn out to be matters of money. I can't tell you how much this offends me. The value of money is a scam perpetrated by those who have it over those who dont; it's the Emperor's New Clothes gone global.
John Connolly|I dream dark dreams. I dream of a figure moving through the forest, of children flying from his path, of young women crying at his coming. I dream of snow and ice, of bare branches and moon-cast shadows. I dream of dancers floating in the air, stepping lightly even in death, and my own pain is but a faint echo of their suffering as I run. My blood is black on the snow, and the edges of the world are silvered with moonlight. I run into the darkness, and he is waiting. I dream in black and white, and I dream of him. I dream of Caleb, who does not exist, and I am afraid.
Jasper Carrott|Never argue at the dinner table, for the one who is not hungry always gets the best of the argument.
A.M. Willard, Frosted Sweets|I'm good at a lot of things," he murmured.
Nitra Gipson, The Real Verdict: My Quest for the Freedom I Never Had|Some people may like you, and some people may not, keep living your life dreams, you will succeed!
Timothy Joshua|But he knew she was a star, and he, only human. He was never meant to reach the stars - he could only admire them from afar.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|I been silent so long now it’s gonna roar out of me like floodwaters and you think the guy telling this is ranting and raving my God; you think this is too horrible to have really happened, this is too awful to be the truth! But, please. It’s still hard for me to have a clear mind thinking on it. But it’s the truth even if it didn’t happen.
Dennis Prager|Gratitude is the sweetest thing in a seeker's life- in all human life. If there is gratitude in your heart, then there will be tremendous sweetness in your eyes.
Michael Grant, Gone|Hallelujah can barely breathe through the pain of each step. Rachel is panting from the effort of holding Hallelujah up. Still, when they get closer to the clearing, Rachel manages to call out: “Jonah! Help!”There’s a rustling noise up ahead. Twigs snapping. And then Jonah appears. His face is in shadow, but his voice is worried: “What happened?”“I turned my ankle,” Hallelujah says. “I’m okay.”“She’s not okay,” Rachel gasps. “She can’t put weight on it. Can you carry her?”Jonah doesn’t hesitate. He wraps one arm around Hallelujah’s waist, and then he scoops up her legs with the other. In a single, fluid motion, she’s off the ground. She holds on to his shoulders. For a second, she thinks about how strange this is—to be held like this, to be held by Jonah.
Clotaire Rapaille, The Culture Code: An Ingenious Way to Understand Why People Around the World Live and Buy As They Do|At the unconscious level, Americans believe that good people succeed, that success is bestowed upon you by God. Your success demonstrates that God loves you.
Sanhita Baruah|Even when it seems that there is no one else, always remember there's one person who never ceased to love you - yourself.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|One of the way to get attention is to write a book titled, "How to get attention.
Cory Doctorow, Little Brother|If you stare at someone long enough, they'll eventually look back at you.
Hedy Lamarr|In art as in love, instinct is enough.
Bessel A. van der Kolk, The Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind, and Body in the Healing of Trauma|One of Coin's men lays a hand on my arm. Its not an aggressive move, really, but after the arena's I react defensively to any unfamiliar touch. I jerk my arm free and take off running down the halls. My mind does a quick inventory of my odd little hiding places and i wind up in the supply closet, curled up against a crate of chalk.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Within a couple of weeks of starting the Ph.D. program, though, she discovered that she'd booked passage on a sinking ship. There aren't any jobs, the other students informed her; the profession's glutted with tenured old men who won't step aside for the next generation. While the university's busy exploiting you for cheap labor, you somehow have to produce a boring thesis that no one will read, and find someone willing to publish it as a book. And then, if you're unsually talented and extraordinarily lucky, you just might be able to secure a one-year, nonrenewable appointment teaching remedial composition to football players in Oklahoma. Meanwhile, the Internet's booming, and the kids we gave C pluses to are waltzing out of college and getting rich on stock options while we bust our asses for a pathetic stipend that doesn't even cover the rent.
|All the help that we need to succeed in life lies in God's hands. Luckily for us, He is the only Man that never disappoints. However, you must do your best to not disappoint yourself on your own part.
David Foster Wallace, Both Flesh and Not: Essays|Politicians and sports coaches both need to be smart enough to master the game, but dumb enough to think it matters.
Debasish Mridha|The highest form of education teaches us to find the truth by searching with love, harmony, and gratitude.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Someday you're gonna look back on this moment of your life as such a sweet time of grieving. You'll see that you were in mourning and your heart was broken, but your life was changing and you were in the best possible place in the world for it - in a beautiful place of worship, surrounded by grace. Take this time, every minute of it. Let things work themselves out here in India.
Anthony Liccione|Unconditional love, is love, regardless anything; attainable or impossible.
Harvey Stelman, Eyes of Emerald| I knew then that I would devote every minute we had left together to making her happy, to repairing the pain I had caused her and returning to her what I never known how to give her. These pages will be our memory until she drows her last breath in my arms and I take her forever and escape at last to a place where neither heaven nor hell will ever be able to find us. 
Sylvester Stallone|All of Koons's best art - the encased vacuum cleaners, the stainless-steel Rabbit (the late-twentieth century's signature work of Simulationist sculpture), the amazing gleaming Balloon Dog, and the cast-iron re-creation of a Civil War mortar exhibited last month at the Armory - has simultaneously flaunted extreme realism, idealism, and fantasy.
W. Somerset Maugham|All their life, people work hard to earn money, and they never earn enough money to fulfill their dreams. Is this a paradox?
Brian L. Weiss, Messages from the Masters: Tapping into the Power of Love|To reach back and help, and expect neither reward nor even thanks.To reach back and help, because that is what spiritual beings do.
Dorothy Parker|While a kind man was working up the nerve to ask me on a date, I was working up the nerve to kill him with my bare hands
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...perhaps in actions I'm less of a man - but, oh the words - such lovely words...
--Don Rickles|By inspiring and healing others, you inspire and heal yourself.
Moffat Machingura|Having kids means taking care of them, raising them, loving and supporting them, and none of those things have anything to do with who makes them one night in the bedroom or the experience of being pregnant
Preeth Nambiar, The Solitary Shores|Seek O mortal, the meaning of life in your innermost silence!
Ben Neihart, Burning Girl|God, I love you so much I won't ever try to have sex again.
Kate Skylark, Daddy's Wicked Parties: The Most Shocking True Story of Child Abuse Ever Told|We cannot change or put right the past, it is our choice whether to be happy in this very moment. The present is all we have and problems only live in the past or the future.
Malcolm Lowry, Under the Volcano|No one can win against kipple," he said, "except temporarily and maybe in one spot, like in my apartment I've sort of created a stasis between the pressure of kipple and nonkipple, for the time being. But eventually I'll die or go away, and then the kipple will again take over. It's a universal principle operating throughout the universe; the entire universe is moving toward a final state of total, absolute kippleization.
Robert A. Schuller|God is alive, real, and wants to heal you in every aspect of your life where you are hurting.
Martha Graham|I have an almost complete disregard of precedent, and a faith in the possibility of something better. It irritates me to be told how things have always been done. I defy the tyranny of precedent. I go for anything new that might improve the past.
Mark F. LaMoure|Imagine and see yourself at your best. Change yourself with hard work, to become the excellent person you want to be.
Ram Dass|They took their meals together; and it was remarked on such occasions, when the friendship of animals is put to a hard test, that they never quarrelled or disputed the possession of a favourite fruit with each other.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|On every travel, we saw beautiful landscapes.
Lev Grossman, The Magician's Land|Fourteen is the age when time first starts to make its presence felt. Time took on such a variety of hues in those days that even my frozen mind sometimes reflected the colours of the world around me, and I could feel my thoughts fluttering in the humid, salty breeze. At such moments, when the brilliant blue skies, the flaming carpets beneath the Gulmohur trees in the school grounds and the nut-brown twinkle in Sonia’s eyes splashed into the moments of my life, I felt alive. Only time had no colour in the library. In the library, time simply ceased to be.
K.M. Shea, Rumpelstiltskin|Lady Linnea said,“I don’t think you understand the balance of relationships. They are give-and-take.Gemma is my best friend,Gemma has my loyalty because she’s earned it, and I have Gemma’s trust because I’ve earned it.”She tilted her head and studied Prince Toril with pursed lips. “It takes work to build a lasting relationship, My Lord. You cannot expect someone to give you their everything just because.” “I don’t think I understand,” Prince Toril said.Lady Linnea said, stopping their stroll down the hallway. “Allow me to rephrase it. A friendship is filled only with as much love as YOU give. Gemma has my heart because I chose to give it to her. And my choice paid off, because there is no one in this horrible, tattered world that I trust more than Gemma Kielland. And so we are two best friends, walking together to achieve what neither of us could do alone. Do you understand it now?
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|If our prayer is “Dear God, please use me to be of service,” then that is what we will be. And it is not for us to judge either the size or value of our gifts. Our job is to try to get out of the way, to defer to the spirit moving within us and become open channels for the flow of God’s love.
Joan Didion|Until now I had been able only to grieve, not mourn. Grief was passive. Grief happened. Mourning, the act of dealing with grief, required attention.
Paige Omartian|Do we run from money in fear of being a slave to it? I know I did that for a while. I don’t think that’s the answer, though.I think the answer is our mission. Are you on a mission? Not only with your money, but with your life – are you on a mission?I have a feeling that if we were on a mission, if we were working towards something - whether it be the end of human trafficking or abortion or poverty - if we were on a mission, we would do what ever it took. We would sell everything if it meant furthering the mission.Money’s not the problem. The problem is our heart. Money only reveals it. Money reveals what our mission really is.Money reveals if we care for ourselves more than we care for our neighbors.
William Golding, Lord of the Flies|Roger edged past the chief, only just avoiding pushing him with his shoulder. The yelling ceased, and Samneric lay looking up in quiet terror. Roger advanced upon them as one wielding a nameless authority.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|(regarding what kind of day she would want to be released) If I had the opportunity to choose, I would want it to be a radiant sunshiny day! And I would love it to be a Saturday morning. I'd go home and take a bath and soak and shampoo and put on clean underwear and clean clothes! And then Sunday morning I want to go to church and thank Gd for freedom -- with capital letters.
Rachel de Vine, The Gardener|The bedroom is like a game room where you can explore many things within halal boundaries as a couple. So go ahead and have fun in your game room. In fact, bloom without reservation behind closed doors.
Maggie Scarf|"Okay  I have arthritis  and this is the way arthritis is." Take pain as it comes and you can better master it.
Charlene Costanzo, The Twelve Gifts for Healing|No matter who we are, where we live, what we look like, the circumstances of our birth or the situations we face; each of us has gifts within us. Strength, beauty, courage, compassion, hope, joy, talent, imagination, reverence, wisdom, love and faith are among them. They are not like material presents we unwrap and hold in our hands. We can’t see these gifts with our eyes. But they are real and powerful. When we open ourselves to them, they can enrich every aspect of our lives. They can help us transform challenges into opportunities and tragedies into triumphs. They can help us make a difference in the world.
Christine Feehan, Dark Prince|Seriously, I’m totally weirded out by the girly nature of this conversation. And yet, it’s kinda like you’re growing up. Do you think Judy Blume made a book about adolescent vampires? Are You There God, It’s Me, Merit?” Mallory snorted, obviously pleased with herself.
Joan Ganz Cooney|Each of us does  in effect  strike a series of "deals " or compromises  between the wants and longings of the inner self  and an outer environment that offers certain possibilities and sets certain limitations.
Alexander McCall Smith, Explosive Adventures|If you are lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.
Ammon Hennacy, The Autobiography of a Catholic Anarchist|Hell’s got IT?Yes, of course. Who do you think invented Candy Crush?
Tony Kushner, Homebody/Kabul|…if a thing can be said to be, to exist, then such is the nature of these expansive times that this thing which is must suffer to be touched. Ours is a time of connection; the private, and we must accept this, and it’s a hard thing to accept, the private is gone. All must be touched. All touch corrupts. All must be corrupted. And if you’re thinking how awful these sentiments are, you are perfectly correct, these are awful times, but you must remember as well that this has always been the chiefest characteristic of the Present, to everyone living through it; always, throughout history, and so far as I can see for all the days and years to come until the sun and the stars fall down and the clocks have all ground themselves to expiry and the future has long long shaded away into Time Immemorial: the Present is always an awful place to be.
P.G. Wodehouse|In a series of events, all of which had been a bit thick, this, in his opinion, achieved the maximum of thickness.
Debasish Mridha|Living a life of service to others is the most powerful sermon of all, don't you think?
Rose Christo, Unborn: Three Short Stories|You can't change who you are, can you? That would require changing the people who made you along the way. That would mean discrediting everything they ever gave you.
Peggy Toney Horton|As I drift through the autumn of my life like a fallen leaf blown about by the winds of time, I sometimes ponder my destiny.
Carla H. Krueger|Failure starts a future success, if you become better.
Paul Pilkington, The One You Love|Because his killing is not a passion of the moment but a compelling urge that has been growing within him sometimes for years, he has completely amalgamated this practice into his lifestyle.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Go on with what your heart tells you, or you will lose all.
Derek McCormack, The Show That Smells|Tears fled her eyes as she ran, and they slid into her ears, but she did not wipe them, no, she pressed forward through the many trees, keeping her eyes upon the large shadow that flew forward, almost guiding her out of the woods, but that was preposterous – so why am I following it?What do you mean why are you following it? It’s the only thing that’s putting distance between you and those...monsters back there!But what about Lord Delacroix?What the devil about him?He tried to keep you safe – he truly did attempt to save you—And what did that get him? Crushed by a damned Lycan – again!But I should still go back to save him....I should keep moving!But he’s saved my life – I can’t let him die!Technically, he’s already dead, Alexi....Goddamn it all!Run – run now – come back when you’re safe!Come back? With who?!Help, of course!Where on Earth am I going to find help?!
Steven Pinker|We come into relationships often very much identified with our needs. I need this, I need security, I need refuge, I need friendship. And all of relationships are symbiotic in that sense. We come together because we fulfill each others' needs at some level or other.
Sia|The first time I was pregnant, Kanye and I were dating, and I was just being introduced to the world of fashion. I wanted to work with a bunch of different stylists, and when you work with a new stylist, everyone wants to possess your look.
Jonathan Heatt|Conformity runs rampant through everyday life, and people want to read about characters that deviate from societal norms.
Donna Lynn Hope|The empath helps others by absorbing some of their pain, but who helps the empath?
Nicole Sager|Half of what I write is imaginative reality. The other half is realized impossibilities. Blended into one, these make a fantasy.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|My feet," said Montag. "I can't move them. I feel so damn silly. My feet won't 
Nicholas Sparks, A Walk to Remember|Halfway down the aisle, Jamie suddenly seemed to tire, and they stopped while she caught her breath...It was, I remembered thinking, the most difficult walk anyone ever had to make. In every way, a walk to remember.
Leslie G Nelson|When you anticipate adversity, you can then plan for adversity. You may never gain control of it, but you can keep it from controlling you.
George Weinberg|We had an argument, and he told me to be home at midnight, and I said no. And so when I did come home, the door was locked. And I had gotten a set of luggage for graduation that day, and it was on the front porch, packed. He thought that he was going to prove a point and I was going to say, 'Oh, I'm sorry, Daddy, I'm sorry'.
Alex Honnold|If a bacterium is trying to infect you, it won't secrete alone, because your immune system will block it. Bacteria will hide until they can all act together and make an impact.
Passenger|Say what you want to say, and let the words fall out. Honestly, I wanna see you be brave!
Alan King|Protecting the institution of marriage safeguards, I believe, the American family.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|To douchebags!" he said, gesturing to Brad. "And to girls that break your heart," he bowed his head to me. His eyes lost focus. "And to the absolute fucking horror of losing your best friend because you were stupid enough to fall in love with her.
Margot Lee Shetterly, Hidden Figures: The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Mathematicians Who Helped Win the Space Race|Ed Lim’s daughter, Monique, was a junior now, but as she’d grown up, he and his wife had noted with dismay that there were no dolls that looked like her. At ten, Monique had begun poring over a mail-order doll catalog as if it were a book–expensive dolls, with n ames and stories and historical outfits, absurdly detailed and even more absurdly expensive.‘Jenny Cohen has this one,’ she’d told them, her finger tracing the outline of a blond doll that did indeed resemble Jenny Cohen: sweet faced with heavy bangs, slightly stocky. 'And they just made a new one with red hair. Her mom’s getting it for her sister Sarah for Hannukkah.’ Sarah Cohen had flaming red hair, the color of a penny in the summer sun. But there was no doll with black hair, let alone a face that looked anything like Monique’s. Ed Lim had gone to four different toy stores searching for a Chinese doll; he would have bought it for his daughter, whatever the price, but no such thing ex
Buda|If you make anything a higher priority than God, you are worshiping it and not God.
Michael Faudet|A mind possessed by unmade books, unwritten lines on empty hooks.
T.C. Boyle|I was reading, absorbed in an assault on K2 by a team of Japanese mountaineers, my lungs constricting in the thin burning air, the deadly sting of wind-lashed ice in my face, when the record -- Le Sacre du Printemps -- caught in the groove with a gnashing squeal as if a stageful of naiads, dryads and spandex satyrs had simultaneously gone lame.
D.E. Navarro|Bad things happen, Mathew. We can't see them coming, and there's often nothing we can do to prevent them. But that doesn't mean we shouldn't all live life to its fullest.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|If you can't do it, don't pledge to do it. Don't be a liar; say only what you can do. It's better for you to have a "single sentence" manifesto about your life which is fulfilled than to have 25 chapters' theories about your visions that remain undone!
Milan Kundera, Encounter|Fortunately, I read (the books) without knowing what I was in for, and the best thing that can ever happen to a reader happened to me: I loved something that, by conviction (or by my nature) I should not have loved
Lamont Renzo Bracy|Our way would seem quite familiar to the Romans, more by far than the Greek way. Socrates in the Symposium, when Alcibiades challenged him to drink two quarts of wine, could have done so or not as he chose, but the diners-out of Horace's day had no such freedom. He speaks often of the master of the drinking, who was always appointed to dictate how much each man was to drink. Very many unseemly dinner parties must have paved the way for that regulation. A Roman in his cups would've been hard to handle, surly, quarrelsome, dangerous. No doubt there had been banquets without number which had ended in fights, broken furniture, injuries, deaths. Pass a law then, the invariable Roman remedy, to keep drunkenness within bounds. Of course it worked both ways: everybody was obliged to empty the same number of glasses and the temperate man had to drink a great deal more than he wanted, but whenever laws are brought in to regulate the majority who have not abused their liberty for the sake of the minority who have, just such results come to pass. Indeed, any attempt to establish a uniform average in that stubbornly individual phenomenon, human nature, will have only one result that can be foretold with certainty: it will press hardest on the best.
Roshan Sharma|The more you remain aware with all the internal and external changes of life, more you allow yourself to move deeper towards the source.
Italo Calvino, Invisible Cities|No question; language can free us of feeling, or almost. Maybe that's one of its functions - so we can understand the world without becoming entirely overwhelmed by it.
Taylor Stevens, The Innocent|We need to encourage each other to do what we want and not let it totally define us. You know? The things that people think define them aren’t valid either. You could see a girl who’s completely covered head-to-toe and who looks like the sweetest little thing in the world, and she could be the most horrendous human being on the planet inside.
Noah Webster|When a citizen gives his suffrage to a man of known immorality he abuses his trust; he sacrifices not only his own interest, but that of his neighbor; he betrays the interest of his country.
Joshua Bloch, Effective Java|A second advantage of static factory methods is that, unlike constructors, they are not required to create a new object each time they're invoked.
Rita Dove|I was apprehensive. I feared every time I talked about poetry, it would be filtered through the lens of race, sex, and age.
Leigh Hershkovich|Novels were not arguments; a story worked, or it didn't, on its own merits. What did it matter if a detail was real or imagined? What mattered was that the detail seemed real, and that it was absolutely the best detail for the circumstance. That wasn't much of a theory, but it was all Ruth could truly commit herself to at the moment. It was time to retire that old lecture, and her penance was to endure the compliments of her former credo.
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|People might consider you eccentric for being different, but this is good. Leaders and visionaries are not conformists afraid of standing out.
Terry Goodkind, Wizard's First Rule|The light of a new day always chases the shadows of the night away, and shows us that the shape of our fears is only the ghost of our own minds.
Kurt Vonnegut|The light of lights looks always on the motive, not the deed, the shadow of shadows on the deed alone.
Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game|A friend once told Megan that we are always seventeen years old, waiting for our lives to begin. More than ever, clutching to this man, Megan understood that.
Shannon L. Alder|People with anxiety and trust issues find themselves drawn to people of consistency because they feel safe with someone who is predictable. However, that doesn’t cure their problem. The anxious person still remains the same because anxiety is a wave that crashes on the shore every time an unpredictable circumstance challenges their expectations and comfort zone.
Jan Jansen|Young children see the innocence of life, while some adults live in innocence.
Keke Palmer|There's a positive side to film and television, the sense of feeding into the theater... Your fans will follow you, hopefully, and be open-minded to see you play other things and experience other stories you want to tell.
Naomie Harris|A black agenda is jobs, jobs, jobs, quality education, investment in infrastructure and strong democratic regulation of corporations. The black agenda, at its best, looks at America from the vantage point of the least of these and asks what's best for all.
Arthur Ochs Sulzberger|I love Africa, and Ulusaba, our home in South Africa, is pretty special. It's on a rocky hill overlooking the bush, and from your room, you can see lions stalking zebras by the waterhole.
Karl Marx, The Communist Manifesto|Thus the aristocracy took their revenge by singing lampoons on their new master, and whispering in his ears sinister prophecies of coming catastrophe.In this way arose feudal Socialism; half lamentation, half lampoon; half echo of the past, half menace of the future, at times by its bitter, witty and incisive criticism, striking the bourgeoisie to the very heart's core, but always ludicrous in its effects, through total incapacity to comprehend the march of modern history.
Lynda Cheldelin Fell|When people told me I was so strong for surviving my daughter’s death, I wanted to scream. But the truth is that deep inside we are far more resilient, brave, and incredibly strong for having survived at all. So scream, be brave, and embrace your power. It will become your biggest asset.
Robert A.F. Thurman, The Tibetan Book Of The Dead|What a nuisance is the friend who must have this and that, whose likes and hates are infinite, with bitter and loud voiced complaint about the whole of circumstance? How pleasant are the truly great who, wanting nothing, are content with anything. Accepting all things in a world of illusion as born of cause-effect they live in a mind above the opposites, and we call them great because they do so.
Justine Hail, The Secret Story of Shy Shelly|It's scary to make friends, it's scarier to stand up for a friend, but it's scariest to not be a friend for fear will be your only company.
Taslima Nasrin|Because I am a woman, I must make unusual efforts to succeed. If I fail, no one will say, 'She doesn't have what it takes'; They will say, 'Women don't have what it takes.'
K.J. Charles, The Magpie Lord|You wanted me to fuck you, didn't you?"Stephen shut his eyes. "Briefly."Crane lowered his head so his mouth was right on Stephen's ear, voice vibrating, teeth and tongue touching the sensitive flesh. "When I fuck you, Mr. Day, it will not be briefly. It will be long and hard and extremely thorough. I'm going to take pains with you.
W. Somerset Maugham, Cakes and Ale|He has never been known to use a word that might send a reader to the dictionary."(on Ernest Hemingway
Tehmina Durrani, My Feudal Lord|He had fallen in love with her emotions, and that was a very profound feeling indeed.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Watch out! Someone taught me that I should watch the people in my boat; some may be rolling the boat while others may be drilling holes under it! So, am determined to watch my circle!
Tracy Winegar, Good Ground|Just ’cause a body says somethin’ don’t make it so. You know who you are, and they can’t change that no matter what them cacklin’ hens is to say.” He tapped him on the chest. “What matters is what’s in here, son. Not a soul can take that away from you.
Vladislav Tamarov, Afghanistan: A Russian Soldier's Story|When you live next to death ... you don't think about it anymore, you just try to encounter it as seldom as possible.
Amy Grant|Caresses, expressions of one sort or another, are necessary to the life of the affections as leaves are to the life of a tree. If they are wholly restrained, love will die at the roots.
Sheri S. Tepper, The Visitor|Mankind accepts good fortune as his due, but when bad occurs, he thinks it was aimed at him, done to him, a hex, a curse, a punishment by his deity for some transgression, as though his god were a petty storekeeper, counting up the day's receipts.
Lynn Flewelling, Luck in the Shadows|These are Plenimaran marines, and there's not much most of them aren't capable of, if you take my meaning.""I don't think I do," said Alec, puzzled by Seregil's tone."Then try this. They have a saying among them: 'When whores are few, a boy will do.' Got that?""Oh." Alec felt his face go hot.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|They had spent a year in France for no particular reason, and then drifted here and there unrestfully wherever people played polo and were rich together.
Algernon Charles Swinburne, Poems and Ballads  Atalanta in Calydon|Before the beginning of yearsThere came to the making of manTime, with a gift of tears;Grief, with a glass that ran;Pleasure, with pain for leaven;Summer, with flowers that fell;Remembrance, fallen from heaven,And madness risen from hell;Strength without hands to smite;Love that endures for a breath;Night, the shadow of light,And Life, the shadow of death.
Ed Helms|Being an author of banned books is cool, I've decided.
Katherine McIntyre, Captured Memories|They’d reached the point of no return, and she wanted to throw herself into the fire until the flames melted away the years of ice that claimed her.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|If you check your personal blind spots, you can be able to guard against focusing on what you cannot do, but reduce the areas of weakness by taking their space with more of your strengths.
P. G. Wodehouse|I am in the fighting game. I don't care about anything else. I don't watch the news, I don't care about politics, I don't care about other sports. I don't care about anything I don't need to care about. This is my sport: it is my life. I study it; I think about it all the time. Nothing else matters.
Carolyn Custis James, The Gospel of Ruth: Loving God Enough to Break the Rules|On the nights I stuffed myself full of myths, I dreamed of college, of being pumped full of all the old knowledge until I knew everything there was to know, all the past cultures picked clean like delicious roasted chicken.
Jean Anouilh|I really thank my parents for giving me the good sense to not get into anything wrong. There are many people around who like controversies, and I actually wonder how do they do it. I don't have the courage to get into controversies. There are people who love it; I find it silly.
Alistair MacLean, Lawrence of Arabia|In many ways. . .the completeness of biography, the achievement of its professionalization, is an ironic fiction, since no life can ever be known completely, nor would we want to know every fact about an individual. Similarly, no life is ever lived according to aesthetic proportions. The "plot" of a biography is superficially based on the birth, life and death of the subject; "character," in the vision of the author. Both are as much creations of the biographer, as they are of a novelist. We content ourselves with "authorized fictions.
Vladimir Nabokov, Invitation to a Beheading|From his earliest years Cincinnatus, by some strange and happy chance comprehending his danger, carefully managed to conceal a certain peculiarity. He was impervious to the rays of others, and therefore produced when off his guard a bizarre impression, as of a lone dark obstacle in the world of souls transparent to one other; he learned however to feign translucence, employing a complex system of optical illusions, as it were--but he had only to forget himself, to allow a momentary lapse in self control, in the manipulation of cunningly illuminated facets and angles at which he turned his soul, and immediately there was alarm. In the midst of the excitement of a game his coevals would suddenly forsake him, as if they had sensed that his lucid gaze and the azure of his temples were but a crafty deception and that actually Cincinnatus was opaque. Sometimes, in the midst of sudden silence, the teacher, in a chagrined perplexity, would gather up all the reserves of skin around his eyes, gaze at him for a long while and finally say: "What is wrong with you, Cincinnatus?" Then Cincinnatus would take hold of himself, and, clutching his own self to his breast, would remove that self to a safe place.
Donna Lynn Hope|He specialized in a particular kind of friendship with that eight-limbed, inscrutable, treacherous creature, the happily married coupe, adapting himself closely and lightly to the composite personality.A peevish dead woman...it's absurd...how much less humiliating for them both it would have been if she had taken a lover.
Jennifer Paynter, Mary Bennet|If you would stop worrying about things you don’t control and release what God has put into you, you will change everything around you.
Ed Lawrence|But the death of spirit goes by another name. It is usually called the birth of reason.The dreams of reason are, at this late date, everywhere to be seen, much like headstones in a cemetery. The inertia of a standard which prunes every tree to the dimensions of a utility pole will, with the same determination, core the heart out of the human personality. This fermenting mind, intoxicated by its heady sobriety, methodically slits its own throat, all the while mistaking the elongating wound for a smile.When the spirit is free, according to Nietzsche, the head will be the bowels of the heart. In these top heavy days that have turned life topsy-turvy the head has little appetite for freedom. Instead it has developed a taste for coprophagy.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Aunt Léonie who, after the death of her husband, my Uncle Octave, no longer wished to leave, first Combray, then within Combray her house, then her bedroom, then her bed and no longer 'came down', always lying in an uncertain state of grief, physical debility, illness, obsession and piety.
Robinson Jeffers, The Selected Poetry|We have to live like people in a web of knives, we mustn't reach out our hands or we get them gashed.
Orson Pratt|It's not just the effect of technology on the environment, on religion, on the economic structure, on society, on politics, etc. It's that everything now exists in technology to the point where technology is the new and comprehensive host of nature of life.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|You are no ruin sir--no lighting-struck tree: you are green and vigorous. Plants will grow about your roots, whether you ask them or not, because they take delight in your bountiful shadow; and as they grow they will lean towards you, and wind round you, because your strength offers them so safe a prop.
Omar Sharif|I'm very wary about giving advice. I think it's very dangerous to give advice to people, except if you know them very well.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|There's something here, my dear boy, that you don't understand yet. A man will fall in love with some beauty, with a woman's body, or even a part of a woman's body (a sensualist can understand that) and he'll abandon his own children for her, sell his father and mother, and his country, Russia, too. If he's honest, he'll steal; if he's humane, he'll murder; if he's faithful, he'll deceive.
Wendy Anne Gibbins-Lekkou, Kiss on Her Wings|What are we, Charlie's Angels?
Jackie Robinson|It matters enormously to a successful democratic society like ours that we have three branches of government, each with some independence and some control over the other two. That's set out in the Constitution.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|how lovers alter in the glance of each other, that space where their moods are accepted and their surrender is never taken advantage of.
Terry Spear, SEAL Wolf In Too Deep|He chuckled. She turned to see what was funny and nearly had a heart attack.	He was holding one hot-pink-and-white mug while reading it, the other sitting on the counter: 'Men should be like my curtains, easy to pull and well hung.
Victoria Samio|Everyone's life, not matter how unremarkable, has a singular tragic encounter after which everything that really matters will happen. That moment is the catalyst - the first step in the equation. But knowing the first step will get you nowhere - it's what comes after that determines the result.
Guy de Maupassant, 88 Short Stories|To Sleep"O soft embalmer of the still midnight, Shutting, with careful fingers and benign,Our gloom-pleas'd eyes, embower'd from the light, Enshaded in forgetfulness divine:O soothest Sleep! if so it please thee, close In midst of this thine hymn my willing eyes,Or wait the "Amen," ere thy poppy throws Around my bed its lulling charities.Then save me, or the passed day will shineUpon my pillow, breeding many woes,— Save me from curious Conscience, that still lordsIts strength for darkness, burrowing like a mole; Turn the key deftly in the oiled wards,And seal the hushed Casket of my Soul.
John Grisham, Sycamore Row|I don’t pretend to know much about love, but that’s how great love comes to an end, not in the flames of passion, but in the silence of regret.
Gerhard Ebeling|Without the hard we stay too soft, and heaven is reduced to myths like life. Theology aside, it’s plain to see that God forbids we get too comfortable.
Bruce Bawer|I seek a woman, the woman of my desires. Who won’t be scared by loyalty and truth, nor turn away from the darkness of a soiled past. – Decades
Carl Cohen|Anarchy is like custard cooking over a flame; it has to be constantly stirred or it sticks and gets heavy, like government.
Michelle Alexander, The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness|Racism is not merely a simplistic hatred. It is, more often, broad sympathy toward some and broader skepticism toward others...
Carl R. Rogers|There is no doubt that I am selective in my listening, hence "directive" if people wish to accuse me of this. I am centered in the group member who is speaking, and am unquestionably much less interested in the details of his quarrel with his wife, or of his difficulties on the job, or his disagreement with what has just been said, than in the meaning these experience have for him now and the feeling they arouse in him. It is to these meanings and feelings that I try to respond.
Daniel Younger, Zen and the Art of Cannibalism: A Zomedy|The whole right side of his face was smashed in, concave forehead and crushed cheekbone and one eye bugging precariously from a broken socket. He was purplish-black, and dirty white: Maggots seethed from every pore and crawled across him in excited wriggly piles, blowflies waving and blooming and wilting, the bits of bone they'd scraped clean glinting like tiny mosaic tiles. Scraps of jeans and a leather jacket clung to the sticky seething mess of his flesh. He was big, big shouldered, a good foot taller; chit-chitter, he went, even standing still.
Pearl  Zhu, It Innovation: Reinvent It for the Digital Age|Hybrid Thinking is a set of digital minds integrating the multiple thought processes to think bigger, think deeper, think broader, and think critical, etc.
Katlyn Charlesworth, Where Men Sit|And in that moment she realized none of it was real, and so she set herself free.
Robert Brault|You need to be able to find hope in your circumstances. We need it for ourselves and our children. Laurie and I both believe that when we reflect on all that we have and all that we love and all that we are thankful for, we feel that hope and that peace. We feel God keeping us buoyed up. We are able to face the challenges.
Dennis Merritt Jones, The Art of Uncertainty: How to Live in the Mystery of Life and Love It|Generally I try to avoid discussing consciousness, since it's, like, hard.
Sereda Aleta Dailey, The Oracle of Poetic Wisdom|Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, wishes. Who looks inside, finds infinite wisdom.
Kennedy Vega, The Taborda Chosen|I ran to the beat of the forest song, the pulse of the wind and melody of the birds seemed ignite a flame my blood. The swaying of the trees and the hiss of the bromegrass called out to me, urging me to go faster and run harder.
Jayde Scott|For most vampires, it's an automatic response - scent blood, fangs drop.
Katy Evans, Manwhore +1|Seriously, men.” Gina scowls when she turns back to us. “We’re royalty when they want to fuck. Thrilled to have as much sex as their anatomy allows, and then we’re nothing.Women need a reason to have sex, men just need a place.
Tushar Upreti, The Days Of Childhood|We all R failures that's why V need #CHILDREN to fulfill D needs of #Society,#Nation,#Worlds , so that we can live the same old selfish way
Dorothy Parker, The Complete Poems of Dorothy Parker|No amount of soul searching would fix my past. There was no magical Band-Aid I could stick on my heart, no special glue I could use to make myself whole again. I had shattered to pieces like a fragile vase on concrete; some fragments could be roughly cobbled back together, but many of my vital parts had simply turned to dust, pulverized and scattered by the first gust of wind.
Sam Altman|Making sounds that literally no one has ever heard before because the software and the technology's never been there, and pairing that with great songwriting, then that's what's exciting for me. That's what I wanna do.
Jane Cousins, To Surprise A Seer|Matias frowned.  Damn, he’d had a vision of this gorgeous woman naked?  He hadn’t thought he could despise his memory loss any more than he did, but the hits kept on coming.  Wait.  The blonde had said vision... as in the future?  “We’re fated to have sex?”  “No!”  Quinn shook her head so quickly and vehemently that her teeth all but rattled.“You sure?  You can’t seem to stay away from me.”  He looked down at their close proximity.  “I knew I should have left you to rot in the psych ward strapped to that bed.”Matias frowned.  He was having a hard time keeping up with the conversation.  “Kinky.  Or is that another dream you had starring yours truly?
Maya Banks, Shades of Gray|You really think love needs to have a future?”“Absolutely.”“Good,” Lily said. “So do I.”“Good,” I echoed, leaning in. “So do you.”“Don’t repeat what I say,” she told me, swatting at my arm.“Don’t repeat what I say,” I murmured, smiling.“You’re being silly,” she said, but the silliness was falling out of her voice.“You’re being silly,” I assured her.“Lily is the greatest girl who ever was.”I drew closer. “Lily is the greatest girl who ever was.”For a moment, I think we’d forgotten where we were.And then the officers returned, and we were reminded once again.
Aryan Xebat‎|Nor did he think of Celia any more, though he could sometimes remember having dreamt of her. If only he had been able to think of her, he would not have needed to dream of her.
Victoria Moran, Shelter for the Spirit: Create Your Own Haven in a Hectic World|Sounds simple, doesn’t it, this notion of simplicity? Simple things done simply by a simple person. But it’s not as simple as it seems.
Gudjon Bergmann, Yes! You Can Manage Stress|The Top 4 Causes of Medical Problems: stress,negative mindset,poor diet, sedentary lifestyle.
R.J. Groves, Writing You: An Unlikely Romance|Now, go get inspired!
Carly Fiorina|People are so docile right now. It is almost as if good government means when the politicians lie to us for our own good, for the public good, and bad government is when politicians lie for their own selfish interests.
Gail Sheehy|Like many other women, I could not understand why every man who changed a diaper has felt impelled, in recent years, to write a book about it.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|Because she stepped into my world, I began to savor everything, be it a glass of water or a walk in the park. I was positively in-love with her, because she was the greatest positive force in my life. People tried to tell me that I was not in-love with her, and that I only thought that I was. However, reality is almost always wrong, and no one sees the world the way that I do. No one sees her the way that I do. She is the one that puts flavor into my water, and makes an average walk in the park absolutely divine. In my world, in my reality, she is the one that I choose to be in-love with.
Nick Vujicic|One's nativity is not of his own choosing, but whatever it may be, it is entitled to respect; and all nations have honorable place in the world's family.
Aldous Huxley, Island|I survive by finding the sweet spot between reason and unreason, between the rational and irrational.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich|Thoughts which are mixed with any of the feelings of emotions, constitute a "magnetic" force which attracts other similar, or related thoughts.
Adam Hamilton|If you're writing about angry people, you use the language of anger. If you're writing about desperate people, you use the language of desperation.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Surrender|I don't lie to you," Alan said. "I lie WITH you."Sin stopped looking up at him from under her eyelashes and burst out laughing.Alan went red. "So I've just realized how that come out. Uh.
Susanna Clarke, The Ladies of Grace Adieu and Other Stories|Magic, madam, is like wine and, if you are not used to it, it will make you drunk.
Anna Held|I'd been dating my husband for about a year, and I'd already kissed George Clooney, Ashton Kutcher and Gerard Butler. Awesome year, right?
Graham Greene|Poor, harmless paper, that might have gone to print a Shakespeare on, and was instead so clumsily defaced with nonsense.
William James|The record industry is still pissed off that other people are making money off their business, even if it promotes their products and increases their sales. I think they're still mad about radio.
Alex Jeffers, Wilde Stories 2012: The Year’s Best Gay Speculative Fiction|If God is love (1 John 4:7) but intended Christ’s atoning death to be the propitiation for only certain people so only they have any chance of being saved, then 'love' has no intelligible meaning when referring to God. All Christians agree that God is love. But believers in limited atonement must interpret God’s love as somehow compatible with God unconditionally selecting some people to eternal torment in hell when He could save them (because election to salvation and thus salvation itself is unconditional).
D.T. Neal, Saamaanthaa|The snow wasn't deep - in many places its crust was firm enough that they actually walked on top of it - but the wind was surgical, a precision instrument with needles for teeth, and it found even the tiniest exposed places on her skin, attacking them.
Lee Ellis, Leading With Honor: Leadership Lessons from the Hanoi Hilton|An honorable leader must demonstrate a willingness to reveal his or her ‘inner self’ to their team. It builds trust and trust is essential. It’s also a sign of strength and authenticity, and people are attracted to those who are ‘real’ and authentic.
Ashley Jeffery, Lilith|Flashes of my past lives kept crawling across my vision. I had Akima’s laugh, Eve’s blind ability to love, and Marrah’s unwavering belief in family. I was all of these women and none of them. Their souls carried along inside of me but unmistakable from my own.I saw their lives in pieces, their triumphs and sorrows, loved ones gained and lost. They were all different yet somehow the same. We were sisters and daughters, lovers and wives.Pacey O'Brien-Lilith
Sanober  Khan, A Thousand Flamingos|my dear,we are all made of water. it's okay to rage. sometimes it's okay to rest. to recede.
Ally Carter|Ooh..I want one" - BexThey're not puppies." -Cammie
Martin Jacques|To see a friend who has suffered the loss of all things begin again with trust and love, gives us strength to continue on.
Martin Cruz Smith|If it isn't the sheriff, it's the finance company; I've got more attachments on me than a vacuum cleaner.
Bella Swann, The Claiming of Sophia, the Sheltered Angel of Wisdom|Sophia took in a deep breath as she prepared to screech up at him angrily like the deep-down angel-bitch she really was. However, as her beautiful violet eyes looked up furiously into the Shepherd’s mesmerizing green eyes, she caught her breath and her body went weak at his masterful handling of her rebellious angel body.
Sarah Addison Allen, First Frost|you're the fly on the wall hearing all, seeing allears of a wall hearing all the secretsperhaps you're the vines creeping over the old abandoned mansion wallsdusty, soulless and deadbringing a certain curious life to rubbleand I think you're the jewel-eyed geckosneaking around the warm summer wallsbetween jasmine and olive branchessticky pad toes, clinging to the wallspeeking in at lonely summer spicy love-makingthrough silk curtains from the bright orientbreathing in incense and tasting decadenceclimbing the sharply barbed wallsthe smooth cemented white-washed wallsbecause walls breathe too
Oliver Bowden, Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood|Laa shay'a waqi'un moutlaq bale kouloun moumkine' -the Wisdom of our Creed is revealed through these words - 'We work in the Dark, to serve the Light. We are Assassins.' --Machiavelli
Alan Moore|Just because it's something original, eccentric or you're not used to it; doesn't mean it's wrong.
Mary Crocker Cook, Codependency & Men|This dissociation from the body extends to emotional disengagement. Without access to his feelings a man can’t help but lose track of who he is, what his priorities are and what is normal for him.
Frank Beddor, ArchEnemy|It is supposed that power corrupts,' the caterpillar said in a voice as untroubled as time itself. "yet the powerful are often corrupt before they are powerful. In fact, I find that they too often become powerful by being corrupt. Whether real or perceived, a lack of power can also corrupt.
Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism|it means what it say," Ethel said. "It means that a Hebrew may not enslave a Hebrew. But the sons of Ham are not of that tribe. The were cursed, with black skin and tails. Where the Scripture condemns slavery, it is not speaking of negro slavery at all.
Unarine Ramaru|When your life flashes through your eyes make sure there is enough to see, until then work hard on your ambitions and live life to the fullest.
Henri J.M. Nouwen|Forgiveness is the name of love practiced among people who love poorly. The hard truth is that all people love poorly. We need to forgive and be forgiven every day, every hour increasingly. That is the great work of love among the fellowship of the weak that is the human family.
William C. Dietz, Halo: The Flood|Take a look around,” the instructor had advised. “Ask yourself if there’s anyone else who is better qualified to do the job. Not in the entire galaxy, but right there, at that point in time. If the answer is ‘yes,’ ask them to accept command, and do everything you can to support them. If the answer is ‘no,’ which it will be ninety-nine percent of the time, then take your best shot. That’s all any of us can do.
Scott Westerfeld, Goliath|No matter how far from the war we run, it always catches up with us.
Abhishek Bachchan|When you see a fashion show, you see those seven minutes of what was six months of tedious work of, you know, going up an inch and down an inch, changing it from one shade of red to another shade of red. So it's the same as any creative process. The result is what we see, but the process is really labor intensive and work.
Dale Carnegie|But my strength was in singing and songwriting, which was a new discovery for me when I was 18. And I decided if I pursued songwriting, which is what was closest to my heart, then there would be no competition. I would just live my life being myself and living my dream.
Betty Rollin|Scratch most feminists and underneath there is a woman who longs to be a sex object, the difference is that is not all she longs to be.
George Orwell, Shooting an Elephant|For it is the condition of his rule that he shall spend his life trying to impress the 'natives,' and so in every crisis he has got to do what the 'natives' expect of him... A sahib has got to act like a sahib; he has got to appear resolute, to know his own mind and do definite things.
Lauren Blakely, 21 Stolen Kisses|Everything is going as planned until I notice that Ashley has barely touched her wine glass or food after ordering the priciest bottle and several of the most expensive dishes on the menu.From "My Worst Valentine's Day.Ever: a Short Story
David Sedaris, When You Are Engulfed in Flames|I guess it goes to show that you just never know where life will take you. You search for answers. You wonder what it all means. You stumble, and you soar. And, if you’re lucky, you make it to Paris for a while.
Dag Solstad, Professor Andersen's Night|He couldn't imagine using the word 'rewarding' about a work of art - for instance that such and such a book has given me so much, taught me so much, etc etc. - but thought solely that it enlightened him, made him see, cynically and withough false expectations, so that he felt he was alive.
Peter  Rogers|Mozart liked to write letters while on the loo. He wrote, "I think it only fitting to write while shitting." This gave me the idea of, "I think it only fitting to read while ..." Who says men can't multitask?
J.R. Ward, Crave|I try to think up material that might apply to the subjects they are studying. How many mitochondria does it take to power a cell? One. Because mitochondria are the powerhouse of the cell. Not ready for prime time, that one.
Ishmael Reed, New and Collected Poems, 1964-2006|The grave casts long shadows, Iron Lord," Mirri said. "Long and dark, and in the end no light can hold them back.
John  Williams, Stoner|I dreamed of dying, long before my dreams have died.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, secure your dreams from the jaws of people who discredit your ambitions.
Brenda Cothern, Fates|Instead of comparing our lot with that of those who are more fortunate than we are, we should compare it with the lot of the great majority of our fellow men. It then appears that we are among the privileged.
Al Franken|Over grown military establishments are under any form of government inauspicious to liberty, and are to be regarded as particularly hostile to republican liberty.
Kim Edwards, The Memory Keeper's Daughter|You were right," said the Master impressed by the neatness of Korovyov's work, "when you said: no documents, no person. So that means I don't exist since I don't have any documents.
Greg Kihn|In this book, much is metaphorical, not as it seems. It’s written for writing’s sake, as if I were to say, “Let me tell you I’m dying.” Well of course I am. So are you.
Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian|Chloe. Always Chloe with him and his brother. I know I sound like a whiny brat when I complain, but I think I have a good reason. I’d just discovered that I was a witch and my mother was a bitch—the murderous kind. I was now on the run with three kids who didn’t want me along.No matter how hard I tried to keep up and help out, the guys only cared about Chloe. If I ran in front of this bus to push her to safety, they’d race to her side to see if she was okay. Probably give me crap for bruising her when I shoved her out of the way.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|No matter how much you love someone, time heals your pain and your death wish.
Russell Banks, Lost Memory of Skin|In part. She sat down and pulled her necklace out of her shirt. "I read about it in my mother's journal. The Witches believe we are all parts of a whole. Like the phases of the moon. Together, we complete the circle and bring balance.
John Henry Mackay|Political rights do not originate in parliaments; they are, rather, forced upon parliaments from without. And even their enactment into law has for a long time been no guarantee of their security. Just as the employers always try to nullify every concession they had made to labor as soon as opportunity offered, as soon as any signs of weakness were observable in the workers’ organizations, so governments also are always inclined to restrict or to abrogate completely rights and freedoms that have been achieved if they imagine that the people will put up no resistance. Even in those countries where such things as freedom of the press, right of assembly, right of combination, and the like have long existed, governments are constantly trying to restrict those rights or to reinterpret them by juridical hair-splitting. Political rights do not exist because they have been legally set down on a piece of paper, but only when they have become the ingrown habit of a people, and when any attempt to impair them will meet with the violent resistance of the populace. Where this is not the case, there is no help in any parliamentary Opposition or any Platonic appeals to the constitution.
Ellen Bass, The Courage to Heal: A Guide for Women Survivors of Child Sexual Abuse|People don’t need to be forced to grow. All we need is favorable circumstances: respect, love, honesty, and the space to explore.
Liane Moriarty, Truly Madly Guilty|It was strange, because she always felt that she hid herself from Erika, that she was more 'herself' with her 'true' friends, where the friendship flowed in an ordinary, uncomplicated, grown-up fashion (emails, phone calls, drinks, dinners, banter and jokes that everyone got), but right now it felt like none of those friends knew her the raw, ugly, childish, basic way that Erika did.
Orhan Pamuk, My Name is Red|I think it is a good thing that the Trinity is confusing If it weren't, we wouldn't have the desire to learn more.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|Marya Morevna, we are better at this than you are. We can hold two terrible ideas at once in our hearts. Never have your folk delighted us more, been more like family. For a devil, hypocrisy is a parlour game, like charades. Such fun, and when the evening is done we shall be holding our bellies to keep from dying of laughter.
John Halstead, Godless Paganism: Voices of Non-Theistic Pagans|The spiritual muscles I hadn't used for decades began to acquire some tone, and since they were Catholic muscles too, it was natural to look for a church to work out in.It was hard. Appalling though the predations exacted on the monastic liturgy were, they were nothing compared to the desecration exacted on the secular. Latin was gone entirely, replaced by dull, oppressive, anchorman English, slavishly translated from its sonorous source to be as plain and "direct" as possible. It didn't seem to have occurred to the well-meaning vandals who'd thrown out baby, bath, and bathwater that all ritual is a reaching out to the unknowable and can be accomplished only by the noncognitive: evocation, allusion, metaphor, incantation—the tools of the poet.
Michelangelo Buonarroti|As when, O lady mine,With chiselled touchThe stone unhewn and coldBecomes a living mould,The more the marble wastes,The more the statue grows.
Anurag Kashyap|True violence, not the kind you usually see in television or movies, touches something very deep and primal in people.
Terry Tempest Williams|It is really one of the most serious faults which can be found with the whole conception of democracy, that its cultural function must move on the basis of the common denominator. Such a point of view indeed would make a mess of all of the values which we have developed for examining works of art. It would address one end of education in that it would consider that culture which was available to everyone, but in that achievement it would eliminate culture itself.This is surely the death of all thought.This quote is taken from "The Artist’s Reality: Philosophies of Art" by Mark Rothko, written 1940-1 and published posthumously in 2004 by Yale University Press, pp.126-7.
Ben Okri|I said to the almond tree, 'Friend, speak to me of God,' and the almond tree blossomed.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|The soft heart is not a thing to harden but a treasure to protect. For soft hearts extend mercy, compassion, refuge, and God’s redemption to the world.
Megan Jacobson|He looks at houses, chateaus, forests, and thinks about the countless generations who used to see those things and who are gone now; and he understands that everything he is seeing is oblivion; pure oblivion, the oblivion whose absolute state will soon be achieved, the moment he himself is gone. And again I think about the obvious idea (that astoundingly obvious idea) that everything that exists (nation, thought, music) can also not exist.
Rube Goldberg, Inventions: The Legendary Works (A) of America’s (B) Most Honored (C) Cartoonist|Comfort me by a solemn Assurance, that when the little Parlour in which I sit at this Instant, shall be reduced to a worse furnished Box, I shall be read, with Honour, by those who never knew nor saw me, and whom I shall neither know nor see.
Patricia Engel, The Veins of the Ocean|...books give a man ideas, they make him want to live.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|It doesn’t matter how bitter or better the past has been, what we can do with the bitter or better past today is what matters.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Never misuse your God-given opportunities, it may be the path to fulfilling your destiny.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Around the world, the perception and reality of corruption and bad governance in public places remains very high. But it isn’t just in governments that these are found; they can permeate through society, where they are rampant in private enterprises and even religious institutions. We need to deal with the causes, not just consequences. You will need to play your role, both as a good example as well as part of the social police force. Cultures and beliefs must change at a personal level as well as at institutional levels.
Answers To Prayer|As frustrating as the battle for purity must be, I suppose it's easier if you've got company.
E.G|If you're not quite cognizant of your madness, then you're deliberately blindfolded to your supposedly fake reality
Dr. MaryAnn Diorio|A pure heart is a powerful heart." ~ Dr. MaryAnn Diorio
Ben Marcus, Notable American Women|Our body talks to us, not in a language that you speak but the language that you feel
Francis Bacon|Any film, or to me any creative endeavour, no matter who you're working with, is, in many cases, a wonderful experience.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr.|Suffering is the positive element in this world, indeed it is the only link between this world and the positive.
Daoud Hari|I know most people want others to have good lives, and, when they understand the situation, they will do what they can to steer the world back toward kindness. This is when human beings, I believe, are most admirable.
Benjamin E. Mays|You can go slow. Allow your dreams and goals to change, but live an intentional life.
A.T. Danielle|I'm the perfect girl. You read about me in Maxim or whatever. I tell dirty jokes like I'm one of the guys, and I'm sitting there in my panties and bra so you can see I'm a piece of ass in the bargain. Except I'm real, so I come with all kinds of complications.
Susane Colasanti, Take Me There|Six weeks is a long time to wait, and a still longer time for a girl to keep a secret…
Prem Prakash, The Yoga of Spiritual Devotion A Modern Translation of the Narada Bhakti Sutras|I've done everything. All of it. You think it, I've done it. All the things you never dared, all the things you dream about, all the things you were curious about and then forgot because you knew you never would. I did 'em, I did 'em yesterday while you were still in bed.What about you? When's it gonna be your turn?
Ravi Zacharias, I, Isaac, Take Thee, Rebekah: Moving from Romance to Lasting Love|Unless I understand the Cross, I cannot understand why my commitment to what is right must be precedence over what I prefer.
Marlon James|Where doest Thou feed Thy flock? In Thy house? I will go, if I may find Thee there. In private prayer? Then I will pray without ceasing. In the Word? Then I will read it diligently. In Thine ordinances? Then I will walk in them with all my heart. Tell me where Thou feedest, for wherever Thou standest as the Shepherd, there will I lie down as a sheep.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel|The beauty of Maine is such that you can't really see it clearly while you live there. But now that I've moved away, with each return it all becomes almost hallucinatory: the dark blue water, the rocky coast with occasional flashes of white sand, the jasper stone beaches along the coast, the pine and fir forests somehow vivid in their stillness.
Gina Conkle, The Lady Meets Her Match|A woman on the verge of moral downfall ought to be well dressed. Claire's particular transgression was gartered to her thigh, a paper hidden by yards of silk. She walked through the empty alley, confident in one comforting truth: no one dared ask a lady what her skirts concealed...
Pico Iyer, The Art of Stillness: Adventures in Going Nowhere|One of the strange laws of the contemplative life," Thomas Merton, one of its sovereign explorers, pointed out, "is that in it you do not sit down and solve problems: you bear with them until they somehow solve themselves. Or until life solves them for you.
Karen Marie Moning|Sighing dismally, she acknowledged that some things just weren't humanly possible - not even Martha Stewart could fold fitted sheets.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have a spark of genius, kindle it until it becomes a flame.
Brandon R. Chinn, Second Stage|The best sci-fi stories use the fantastical to remind us of the reality of who we are today, the hope of who we may become tomorrow, and the shame of who we were yesterday.
Stanley Gazemba (Bahati Books)|Jamin knew that by morning, when he was done paying the girl in exchange for her slipping out without causing a fuss, he would be flat broke. But that did not matter. It was money well spent.
Michelle Horst, Wake Me Up|If you want more from life — start by counting your blessings instead of counting your losses, deficits and wants.
Abha Maryada Banerjee, Nucleus: Power Women: Lead from the Core|My 'Inner World' can only tap the GOODNESS in the World outside ! From within I see 'beauty', from within I see 'ugliness', from within I see 'divinity', from within I 'enjoy',from within I feel 'sadness' !It all starts from ME, goes all around and comes back to ME!!
Stevie Nicks|Thing is, I went to a born-again Christian high school, was brought up in a traditional Mormon family where these ideas about parenting are of structure and sacrifice. To think outside of that idea of family and parenting that I've grown up with is tough but also very freeing.
Lynne Rae Perkins, Criss Cross|I cried and cried. But then I had to stop. One thing about me was that when I was having a serious wish session, I tried never to wish impossible wishes. I might have wished for sixteen crayons instead of eight, but even when I was little, I never wished for a thousand crayons, because I knew a thousand different crayons did not exist. So on that forty-ninth day I did not wish Lynn could be alive again, because I knew she was gone.
Charles  Hart, The Phantom of the Opera: Piano/Vocal|Floating, falling, sweet intoxication. Touch me, trust me, savor each sensation. Let the dream begin, let your darker side give in to the power of the music of the night.
Rythmic Karma|My best advice to you is: Whatever you do, do NOT take my advice.
Rudyard Kipling, Collected Dog Stories|An envy of that one consummate partSwept me, who mock. Whether I laugh or weep, Some inner silences are at my heart.
Agus Harimurti Yudhoyono|Thus it is well to seem merciful, faithful, humane, sincere, religious, and also to be so; but you must have the mind so disposed that when it is needful to be otherwise you may be able to change to the opposite qualities. And it must be understood that a prince, and especially a new prince, cannot observe all those things which are considered good in men, being often obliged, in order to maintain the state, to act against faith, against charity, against humanity, and against religion. And, therefore, he must have a mind disposed to adapt itself according to the wind, and as the variations of fortune dictate, and, as I said before, not deviate from what is good, if possible, but be able to do evil if constrained.
Stuart Hazleton, Sexscopes: How to Seduce, Stimulate, and Satisfy Any Sign|If you can't have frank and honest discussions with your partner about sex, you'd better be damn good with your hands.
Poise|The pain of one-sided love, of knowing that I had loved her more than she had loved me
Sarah Dessen, Someone Like You|He wasn't what I'd thought he was; maybe he never had been. I wasn't what I'd thought I was, either.
William Kempe|Confusion of goals and perfection of means seems, in my opinion, to characterize our age.
François Jacob|What man seeks, to the point of anguish, in his gods, in his art, in his science, is meaning. He cannot bear the void. He pours meaning on events like salt on his food.
E.M. Forster|People keep saying someone should fix the system, the system is corrupt. What they don’t get is; they are the system. It’s just like how people hate McDonald’s and Coca Cola. People say they are evil corporations, terrorists and ruining the health of the future but then, how are these brands live and running all over the world, making billions of dollars of profit every day? People still buy it, that’s how. The majority of the world is people who know something is bad for them but keep consuming it. If it’s so bad for you, why buy it? If the system is so bad, why do they vote for it? It’s the people who need to change not the leaders.
Raymond Chandler, The Big Sleep|I didn't mind what she called me, what anybody called me. But this was the room I had to live in. It was all I had in the way of a home. In it was everything that was mine, that had any association for me, any past, anything that took the place of a family. Not much: a few books, pictures, radio, chessmen, old letters, stuff like that. Nothing. Such as they were, they had all my memories.
Marisha Pessl, Night Film|Within every elaborate lie, a kernel of truth.
David Benioff, City of Thieves|Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.
Steven Spielberg|It's not that diamonds are a girl's best friend, but it's your best friends who are your diamonds. It's your best friends who are supremely resilient, made under pressure and of astonishing value. They're everlasting; they can cut glass if they need to.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Prudence is precaution, prudence is protection.
Allen Zadoff, Boy Nobody|Actions have consequences. Kids today don’t think about that. It’s like, ‘Hey, wouldn’t this be awesome?!’ Consequences? What are those?
Idries Shah, Seeker After Truth|Sufism is, in operation, pragmatic.
Brooks Adams|Very different from eros is philia, a serene love much more akin to friendship, with its reciprocal kindnesses. You love each other for the happy experiences and pleasures you share.
Lakshya Bharadwaj|Evil is appealing, evil is attractive, evil is stylish. However, evil is still evil and it deserves to be treated just like that.
Brooklyn Skye, Stripped|Lacing my fingers through his, I studied them. His fingers were so much longer than mine, and I envisioned what those fingers could do. And how long they would take to do it before they sent me over the edge. - Lacey
Gabrielle Zevin, Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac|A broken hand works, but not a broken heart.
Noureen DeWulf|When somebody listens and laughs, you're always in better shape than when you're with those folks who just kind of look at you when you say something funny. You wonder if they're looking at you because they're mad that they didn't say it or something. It's hard to handle that.
Robin Williams|What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you.
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|There in the highlands, clear weather held for much of the time. The air lacked its usual haze, and the view stretched on and on across rows of blue mountains, each paler than the last until the final ranks were indistinguishable from the sky. It was as if all the world might be composed of nothing but valley and ridge.
John F. Kennedy|"If the law supposes that " said Mr. Bumble  "the law is a ass  a idiot."
Sanhita Baruah|It's that feeling you get somehow knowing that something great is about to happen... about to happen. While every passing day nothing great really does happen. You wake up, go to classes, study, sleep and wait for another monotonous day.You know the great day is not tomorrow, not even the day after, not even in a week or a month's time. But it says it will come soon, the way you live your life, one day at a time, only to realize 20 years have elapsed effortlessly.It will come soon, the way you meet someone without expecting or knowing that you are going to have so much fun together. It will come soon, the way dreams come true overnight- demanding years of perspiration, ironically.It will come soon like a gush of cold air in a hot afternoon.It will come soon like a stranger you feel you have already met.It will come like a guest who would be here to stay.It will come like an eternity, a serendipity, an irony.It will come when it is time for it to come, the way you fall asleep and dreams arrive from a distant land, surely but stealthily.
Karl Marx, The Holy Family|„We are the embodiment of Life, we are born into this world as a result of a Miracle.
Deyth Banger|I feel his body pressed against mine. His heat burns against my flesh; searing, seducing. Permanently making it his.
Kylene Beers & Robert E. Probst, Notice & Note: Strategies for Close Reading|Literature enables us to see our world and ourselves more clearly, to understand our lives more fully.
Neil Gaiman, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|America was, to them, the place that good people went to when they died. They were prepared to believe just about anything could happen in America.
Cesare Pavese|We do not remember days, we remember moments.
Jeff Yeager, The Cheapskate Next Door: The Surprising Secrets of Americans Living Happily Below Their Means|Cheapskates...are too self-confident - and frankly too smart - to spend money on things they don't need and probably don't even want, simply to impress others or just because they can.
Tom Hardy|What is important is family, friends, giving back to your community and finding meaning in life.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|We need hope, or else we cannot endure.
Richard Feynman, The Character of Physical Law|The bridge between the electron and the other elementary particles is provided by the fine structure constant. ... An expanded form of the constant leads to equations that define the transformation of electromagnetic energy into electron mass/energy, ...
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Your world needs you. So, use your education to become endowed with muscles of iron and nerves of steel. Do not exploit the means of education to become a man or a woman. Use it to become a human being, in the pursuit of excellence.
Tamora Pierce|Not one word," Kel warned. "Tobe and I have reached an understanding." Neal's lips twitched. "Why do I feel you did most of the understanding.
Melanie Dickerson, The Huntress of Thornbeck Forest|I love you, Fitzwilliam Darcy--with all my heart.""And I love you, my dearest Elizabeth. Forever and ever.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The First Circle|There are instances, indeed, wherein men shew a vanity in resembling a great man in his countenance, shape, air, or other minute circumstances, that contribute not in any degree to his reputation; but it must be confess’d, that this extends not very far, nor is of any considerable moment in these affections. For this I assign the following reason. We can never have a vanity of resembling in trifles any person, unless he be possess’d of very shining qualities, which give us a respect and veneration for him. These qualities, then, are, properly speaking, the causes of our vanity, by means of their relation to ourselves. Now after what manner are they related to ourselves? They are parts of the person we value, and consequently connected with these trifles; which are also suppos’d to be parts of him. These trifles are connected with the resembling qualities in us; and these qualities in us, being parts, are connected with the whole; and by that means form a chain of several links betwixt ourselves and the shining qualities of the person we resemble. But besides that this multitude of relations must weaken the connexion; ’tis evident the mind, in passing from the shining qualities to the trivial ones, must by that contrast the better perceive the minuteness of the latter, and be in some measure asham’d of the comparison and resemblance.
Joan Didion|Never respect men merely for their riches, but rather for their philanthropy; we do not value the sun for its height, but for its use.
Ophelia T. Starks, Nightfall Academy|Maybe punching her enemy right in the nose wasn't the smartest way to get out of class, but it was definitely a much more entertaining way.
R.J. Anderson, Ultraviolet|It wasn't hard going to the gym, as long as he went as soon as he woke up, before he had time to think about not going. Those morning workouts made him feel like he was starting his day like a pinball, with a giant shot of momentum. The feeling sometimes didn’t wear off until six or seven at night (when it was usually overtaken by the feeling that he was just bouncing haplessly from one situation to the next without any real purpose or direction).
Jaime Rush|After everything I've been through, the last thing I'm going to apologize for is my paranoia.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|All my life I wanted to go to bed with an American, and now I had, and I'm beginning to see why people don't do it more often.
Timothy Ferriss|The important thing is to do good work, no matter what medium you do it in.
Irving M. Copi|I feel obligated to point out, though, that I have always been a sucker for ideas I find aesthetically pleasing. The cosmic sweep of the thing - an interstellar kula chain - affirming the differences and at the same time emphasizing the similarities of all the intelligent races in the galaxy - tying them together, building common traditions... The notion strikes me as kind of fine.
Michael Musto|Human love has little regard for the truth. It makes the truth relative, since nothing, not even the truth, must come between it and the beloved person.
Hugh Nibley, Approaching Zion|The genius of stable societies is that they achieve stability without stagnation, repetition without monotony, conformity with originality, obedience with liberty.
Marina G. Roussou|To Graduate from the "School of Life" you need to have met the following criteria: Found your life purpose, know how the egoic mind operates, detached yourself from the egoic mind, lived in essence, been in essence in relationships, overcame duality, trusted life, became awake, reprogrammed beliefs, handled anger, forgiven everyone, loved yourself, dealt with fears, overcome anger you had with God/you, cleared your emotional complexes & negativity, let go of the past, dealt with difficult relationships and mastered loving all creations of the universe.
Carson McCullers, The Heart is a Lonely Hunter|Today we are not put up on the platforms and sold at the courthouse square. But we are forced to sell our strength, our time, our souls during almost every hour that we live. We have been freed from one kind of slavery only to be delivered into another. Is this freedom?
Mar Mai, The Dragon Tutor|Ah, I do so love this charmingly rustic, elvin kingdom!-Baozhai
Robert K. Greenleaf, Servant As Leader|The Whites have carried to these (colonial) people the worst that they could carry: the plagues of the world: materialism, fanaticism, alcoholism, and syphilis. Moreover, since what these people possessed on their own was superior to anything we could give them, they have remained themselves... The sole result of the activity of the colonizers is: they have everywhere aroused hatred.
Bernie Glassman, The Dude and the Zen Master|By nature, it's impossible to describe enlightenment! How do you plan on sharing your enlightenment? Hahaha, that's impossible. Wake up! That'll be the end of the world if you ever succeed!
Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine|A good night sleep, or a ten minute bawl, or a pint of chocolate ice cream, or all three together, is good medicine.
John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany|This was not of the nature of a Christlike lesson for Owen Meany to learn, as he lay in the manger, that someone you hate can give you a hard-on.
Ed Begley, Jr.|I think I'm also more open to other writers being present and listening to other opinions, whereas before I was going through my angsty teen years while making records.
M.F. Moonzajer|This is one of those rare moments when, while doing that which it is one's duty to do, one feels something which disconcerts one, and which would dissuade one from proceeding further; one persists, it is necessary, but conscience, though satisfied, is sad, and the accomplishment of duty is complicated with a pain at the heart.
Ted Kosmatka, Portal 2: Lab Rat|Mutants, super beings, gods, aliens, a guy who sticks to walls at one extreme, a creature who eats planets at the other; Each one that comes into being, they feel, diminishes the rest of humanity, ordinary homo sapiens, that little bit more.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|After a while it occurred to me that between the covers of each of those books lay a boundless universe waiting to be discovered while beyond those walls, in the outside world, people allowed life to pass by in afternoons of football and radio soaps, content to do little more than gaze at their navels.
Thomas C. Foster, How to Read Literature Like a Professor: A Lively and Entertaining Guide to Reading Between the Lines|Literary works are not democracies. We hold this truth to be self-evident, that all men and women are created equal. We may, but the country of Novels, Etc., doesn't. In that faraway place, no character is created equal. One or two of them get all the breaks; the rest exist to get them to the finish line.
Alin Sav|Composing music changes nations, listening to music changes you.
H. Raven Rose, Shadow Selves: Double Happiness|This is your karma. You do not understand now, but you will understand later. The source of pain is within your own larger expression of being.
Nancy Levin, Worthy: Boost Your Self-Worth to Grow Your Net Worth|Accepting our greatness means no longer playing small. It often starts with baby steps. But eventually it means making major changes - in our lives, jobs, relationships, and dreams. If I had believed in my own self-worth, I would never have been willing to make the financial moves I made in the past. If I'd known my value, I couldn't have spent so many years ignoring the whispering - and sometimes screaming - voice that told me to leave my marriage. For a long time, that truth was just too scary and painful for me to face. Talk about keeping my head in the sand! But how many years did I waste, postponing what has proven to be a much better life - simply because I went into hiding and didn't see that I was worthy of something better?
Ruth Harris|The more hidden the venom, the more dangerous it is.
RVM|Life is a Treasure Hunt and we all have the key to it. Unfortunately, many of us don’t unlock it, but take the key to our grave.
Aristotle|Suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were a member of Congress; but I repeat myself.
|Be careful with how you present yourself in the public, because most people will not hesitate to treat you in that exact manner.
Heather King, Parched: A Memoir|Was I being groomed for some special mission? What possible purpose could an existence like mine serve? When I wasn’t drinking in crappy bars, I was home by myself reading: a life that was achingly lonely, and yet perversely designed to prevent anybody from ever getting close enough to really know me.
Agatha Christie, The A.B.C. Murders|Crucial decisions are made, today as thousands of years ago, in terms of the intuitive guesses and preferences of a few men in positions of authority...[it is] quite likely that the fate of entire societies may be sealed by a series of avoidable mistakes committed by their leaders.
Jerry Spinelli, Love, Stargirl|Live today. Not yesterday. Not tomorrow. Just today. Inhabit your moments. Don’t rent them out to tomorrow. Do you know what you’re doing when you spend a moment wondering how things are going to turn out with Perry?You’re cheating yourself out of today. Today is calling to you, trying to get your attention, but you’re stuck on tomorrow, and today trickles away like water down a drain. You wake up the next morning and that today you wasted is gone forever. It’s now yesterday. Some of those moments may have had wonderful things in store for you , but now you’ll never know.
Geraldine McCaughrean, Peter Pan in Scarlet|Tell me a story,' demanded Fireflyer.'Why? Do you eat them, too, then?''Only the ohs and ayes and ees and oos. The Kays are too spikey and the zeds are too buzzzy and the ones with the dots get stuck in your teeth and the esses sometimes slide down inside your vest and tickle.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We may never pick up a paintbrush or sculpt a masterpiece, but each one of us—without exception—is an artist in our own way.
Faraaz Kazi|Trust is the base for all relations. If it breaks, then it’s not easy to rejoin. It’s very easy to say ‘I don’t trust you’, but the pain these words cause is immense.
Mark Twain|Herodotus says, "Very few things happen at the right time, and the rest do not happen at all: the conscientious historian will correct these defects.
Helen Keller|Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it.
Philip K. Dick|There were many human groups that did not go to war; the Eskimos never grasped the idea at all, and the American Indians never took to it well. But these dissenters were wiped out, and a cultural pattern was established that became the standard for the whole planet. Now it has become ingrained in us.
Douglas Pagels, 100 Things to Always Remember...and One Thing to Never Forget: Words to Live by and Wishes to Share|Life can be generous, but leaves us with a trilemma: How can we reconcile three diverse features: ‘I’, 'me' and the 'others'. Since the “I” entails what I want; the “me” what others expect of me and the “others” what others themselves want. The bridges between "individuality", “surroundings” and "otherness" can be abysmal and very often waiting to be restored. (“I am on my own side, but I can listen “ )
Ernest Hemingway|No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader
Eva Longoria|When a guy tells me I'm cute, it's not something desirable. Cute is more like what you want your pet to be.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, Before We Visit the Goddess|She lifts her eyes, and there is Death in the corner, but not like a king with his iron crown, as the epics claimed. Why, it is a giant brush loaded with white paint. It descends upon her with gentle suddenness, obliterating the shape of the world.
Philip Roth, Operation Shylock: A Confession|Where everything is words, you'd think I'd have some mastery and know my way around, but all this churning hatred, each man a verbal firing squad, immeasurable suspicions, a flood of mocking, angry talk, all of life a vicious debate, conversations in which there is nothing that cannot be said...no, I'd be better off in the jungle, I thought, where a roar's a roar and no one is hard put to miss its meaning.
Manuel Castells, Communication Power|Look in the mirror. What you see there is what you get from others. When you smile, smile comes back to you. When you get angry, anger comes back to you. When you love, love comes back to you, when you hate, hatred comes back to you.That's very simple. You can make your life however you like by how you behave.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|There is a story that Simonides was dining at the house of a wealthy nobleman named Scopas at Crannon in Thessaly, and chanted a lyric poem which he had composed in honor of his host, in which he followed the custom of the poets by including for decorative purposes a long passage referring to Castor and Pollux; whereupon Scopas with excessive meanness told him he would pay him half the fee agreed on for the poem, and if he liked he might apply for the balance to his sons of Tyndaraus, as they had gone halves in the panegyric.The story runs that a little later a message was brought to Simonides to go outside, as two young men were standing at the door who earnestly requested him to come out; so he rose from his seat and went out, and could not see anybody; but in the interval of his absence the roof of the hall where Scopas was giving the banquet fell in, crushing Scopas himself and his relations underneath the ruins and killing them; and when their friends wanted to bury them but were altogether unable to know them apart as they had been completely crushed, the story goes that Simonides was enabled by his recollection of the place in which each of them had been reclining at table to identify them for separate interment; and that this circumstance suggested to him the discovery of the truth that the best aid to clearness of memory consists in orderly arrangement.He inferred that persons desiring to train this faculty must select localities and form mental images of the facts they wish to remember and store those images in the localities, with the result that the arrangement of the localities will preserve the order of the facts, and the images of the facts will designate the facts themselves, and we shall employ the localities and images respectively as a wax writing tablet and the letters written on it.
Charles Dickens|"It was as true " said Mr. Barkis ... "as taxes is. And nothing's truer than them."
Erin Beaty, The Traitor's Kiss|Take full responsibility of yourself, of your actions and of your inaction. It is only when you can truly and honestly face yourself that you can make any changes for the better. If you had a hand in it then you also have a hand in what you do going forward. Act on what you can do. Don't fret or stress over that which you can't control. Don't assign your responsibility as blame to others. Don't allow others to assign their responsibility as blame on to you. Be fair with yourself and others. Focus on positive momentum. Don't speak cruelly to yourself. Don't berate yourself. What is done is done. Focus instead on what you can do now, in this moment, moving forward. Empower yourself into change and betterment. It is up to you to advocate for your highest potential. That is the work you must do.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|Sometimes we love with nothing more than hope. Sometimes we cry with everything except tears. In the end that’s all there is: love and its duty, sorrow and its truth. In the end that’s all we have - to hold on tight until the dawn
Thomas Alton Gardner, Holy Tequila!: A Magical Adventure Under the Mexican Sun|The dying bees, the Antarctic melt, the mountains of old tires, the incessant toxic belch of factories that make Batman bobbleheads for Happy Meals. Off-gassing couches! Cancerous tinned tomatoes! Imprisoned killer whales! Our breastmilk is poisoned. We live absurdedly, ridiculously. OUR BREASTMILK IS POISONED. Try and explain even one sliver of it to a kid, just one angle of a thousand, and you'll see the face of the world's most incredulous and urgent WTF.We have little to recommend us, and we know it. We shrug.Rasmus Krook is the Captain of the Griffons. He doesn't shrug.
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|It feels weird, being out in the real world again. Around people just living their lives like normal. Their presence is oppressive. The very fact that the world is going on as usual, like nothing ever happened, makes me want to scream. I know it's irrational to expect everything to grind to a halt because of June, but still. A wave of anxiety builds in my chest, my head pounding so loud it drowns out the noise of people talking and tapping away on their laptops.
Kate Smith|The more sympathy you give, the less you need.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|There'a a phrase, "the elephant in the living room", which purports to describe what it's like to live with a drug addict, an alcoholic, an abuser. People outside such relationships will sometimes ask, "How could you let such a business go on for so many years? Didn't you see the elephant in the living room?" And it's so hard for anyone living in a more normal situation to understand the answer that comes closest to the truth; "I'm sorry, but it was there when I moved in. I didn't know it was an elephant; I thought it was part of the furniture." There comes an aha-moment for some folks - the lucky ones - when they suddenly recognize the difference.
Jonas Salk|If you look around, complacency is the great disease of your autumn years, and I work hard to prevent that.
Robert Penn, It's All About the Bike: The Pursuit of Happiness on Two Wheels|The “quality revolution” in the latter half of the 20th century has taken us to a point where all products that reach asupermarket shelf work. The competitive differentiators of the future will be products which are the most innovative, even though they may not be the best
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Notwithstanding how uncanny moments of life might be, you never walk backwards. Once you take a step, you move forward by a step with a step. That is life! Even a child would never crawl backward and so would streams hardly flow backward. Just keep moving when it is a must to move!
Bill O'Reilly|My family's lineage, we are warriors. The McGregor clan, we are warriors all through. We are famous all through the world for our fighting capabilities of all generations. So I have no doubt that's stood to me and that led me down this path and gave me what I have.
Claire Keegan|My heart feels not so much in my chest as in my hands. I am carrying it along swiftly, as though I have become the messenger for what is going on inside me.
Kevin Kelly DO the pursuit of xceptional execution|And it is change that always provides the opportunity for the new and different. Systematic innovation therefore consists in the purposeful and organized search for changes, and in the systematic analysis of the opportunities such changes might offer for economic or social innovation.
Simon Marius|The death of her father and mother and the rich acres of and that had come down to her had set a train of suitors on her heels. For two years she saw suitors almost every evening. Except two they were all alike. They talked to her of passion and there was a strained eager quality in their voices and in their eyes when they looked at her. The two who were different were much unlike each other. One of them, a slender young man with white hands, the son of a jeweler in Winesburg, talked continually of virginity. When he was with her he was never off the subject. The other, a black-haired boy with large ears, said nothing at all but always managed to get her into the darkness, where he began to kiss her.For a time the tall dark girl thought she would marry the jeweler's son. For hours she sat in silence listening as he talked to her and then she began to be afraid of something. Beneath his talk of virginity she began to think there was a lust greater than in all the others. At times it seemed to her that as he talked he was holding her body in his hands. She imagined him turning it slowly about in the white hands and staring at it. At night she dreamed that he had bitten into her body and that his jaws were dripping. She had the dream three times, then she became in the family way to the one who said nothing at all but who in the moment of his passion actually did bite her shoulder so that for days the marks of his teeth showed.
Mark W. Boyer|No matter how slow or long it takes, it is never too late to right a wrong.
Chanda Kochhar|My real adversary has no name, no face, no party. It will never be elected, yet it governs - the adversary is the world of finance.
Debasish Mridha|Nothing is everlasting, everything is transforming like a wave in the ocean.
Marcus J. Borg, The God We Never Knew: Beyond Dogmatic Religion to a More Authentic Contemporary Faith|The spoken word has come to dominate many Protestant forms of worship: the words of prayers, responsive readings, Scripture, the sermon, and so forth. Yet the spoken word is perhaps the least effective way of reaching the heart; one must constantly pay attention with one’s mind. The spoken word tends to go to our heads, not our hearts.
Tennessee Williams, Sweet Bird of Youth|Stoner and Masters smiled at each other, and they spoke no more of the question that evening. But for years afterward, at odd moments, Stoner remembered what Masters had said; and though it brought him no vision of the University to which he had committed himself, it did reveal to him something about his relationship to the two men, and it gave him a glimpse of the corrosive and unspoiled bitterness of youth.
Sunday Adelaja|If you want to know the value of a second, ask the person who just crossed the road at the wrong time and barely escaped being hit by a speeding car.
Priyavrat Thareja|Happiness is 'happening' in the good souls, those God loves. That love is mirrored in terms of Happiness.
Michael Bassey Johnson|An idea is like a spark to creativity, which turns to a wild conflagration of thoughts, burning every ignorance. When the fire burns, the creative power is awake, and comes out to join the ideas in your head to bring out the hidden valuables the world never knew
Debasish Mridha|When you see the sadness, failure, and darknessFind the opportunity to turn on the light of success.
Kate DiCamillo, The Magician's Elephant|But that is impossible," said Peter."Magic is always impossible," said the magician. "It begins with the impossible and ends with the impossible and is impossible in between. That is why it is magic.
Sanober  Khan|Dead tree branches rattled,the cold wind seethed, it prattled of abominations about to unfold.A lone wolf howled,the full moon it prowled,ready for evils untold.
Kimberly Quinn|Really, the potential for, first of all, any college graduate today is enormously good. These are good times for anyone with a college degree today, particularly African Americans. With a college degree today, you really breach the unemployment rate.
Tima Maria Lacoba, BloodGifted|I'm yours, for eternity!
Kurt Elling|I took a gap year myself after high school and worked on a farm near Lyon, France. I stayed with the Vallet family, picked and packed fruit, and discovered that red wine can be a breakfast drink. That led to further travel as a university student.
Ehsan Sehgal|The nature of everything is, fair and based on justice. We make that unfair and unjust.
Mrinalini Mitra, Belief|With time one ages, and with age one comes closer to their end. With time one builds a family, a house, a name and with age one learns to live without them.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|There would be nothing but darkness, same darkness as everywhere else, an enormous darkness that swallowed up the road two steps ahead of us, only a little sliver of road about the size of your tongue was spared by the darkness.
Max Horkheimer, Eclipse of Reason|Now that science has helped us to overcome the awe of the unknown in nature, we are the slaves of social pressures of our own making. When called upon to act independently, we cry for patterns, systems, and authorities. If by enlightenment and intellectual progress we mean the freeing of man from superstitious belief in evil forces, in demons and fairies, in blind fate--in short, the emancipation from fear--then denunciation of what is currently called reason is the greatest service reason can render.
Auliq-Ice|If you compose your dreams into a music, then your dreams will become the music you will always love to sing.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Conscious Creativity; Mindfulness Meditations|Developing the skill of creativity, like with any other skill, takes time. Do devote time to creativity. Honor its flow and its magic. Allow it to become your Life Force. Train Creativity daily.
Willa Cather, The Song of the Lark|He used to say that he never felt the hardness of the human struggle or the sadness of history as he felt it among those ruins. He used to say, too, that it made one feel an obligation to do one's best.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Anyone who knows me, should learn to know me again;For I am like the Moon,you will see me with new face everyday.
Louis D. Brandeis|Football is a great deal like life in that it teaches that work, sacrifice, perseverance, competitive drive, selflessness and respect for authority is the price that each and every one of us must pay to achieve any goal that is worthwhile.
William Ryan, Blaming the Victim|In fact, the teenager's concept of "square" (f the term is still in use), when they talk about their parents, is almost identical to the concept of "cultural deprivation" as it is used by educational bureaucrats. In both cases it reflects an extremely self-centered and rigid way of looking at the world. Fortunately, with teenagers, it's a phase they grow out of.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|The mind of had the ability to alter the state of matter itself, and, more important, the mind had the power to encourage the physical world to move in a specific direction
Jyoti Arora, Dream's Sake|Samuel walked out to Lindsey then, and there she was in his arms, my sweet butterball babe, born ten years after my fourteen years on Earth: Abigail Suzanne. Little Susie to me. Samuel placed Susie on a blanket near the flowers. And my sister, my Lindsey, left me in her memories, where I was meant to be.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Having a succession and legacy plan in place will make you ready for forced changes due to circumstances beyond your control, like death, any form of incapacity, sudden changes in laws and regulations and even corporate scandals and moral failure.
A.J. Dalton, Empire of the Saviours|...most people are almost blind and they don’t see most things and there is lots of spare capacity in their heads and it is filled with things which aren’t connected and are silly, like, “I’m worried that I might have left the gas cooker on.
Carl Morris|Did I help someone to realize a dream they thought they'd lost? Did I listen when someone told me the reward is worth the cost? Did I praise someone for their efforts and encourage someone toward their dreams? Did I help someone to understand the end never justifies the means? Did I make someone laugh and smile when they would much, rather frown? Was I the one who picked them up when everyone put them down? Am I, the one they confide in and know their conversations secure? Did I provide them with someone to trust in knowing their friendship will always endure? Am I humble and constantly striving to become more than I was yesterday? Did I focus on the successes of others and follow through with all that I say? If I constantly strive to become the one who can say I did to did I's. Then my life is fulfilled, knowing I have achieved life's greatest prize.
Karin Slaughter, Pretty Girls|Little thieves get shot, but great ones escape.” Kelly Oliver, WOLF: A Jessica James Mystery
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|You would think those who have endured unkindness would be kinder as a result, intent on sparing others the awful suffering they abhorred firsthand.
Marie Darrieussecq, My Phantom Husband|Night would settle in like slow blindness, sucking the color from the trees and the low sky and the rocks and the frozen grass and the frost white hydrangeas until there was nothing left in the window but her own reflection.
Leo Burnett|The one thing that's going to get you through this business is having strong roots, being grounded and knowing what is true.
Nella Larsen|While it lasts, the religion of worshiping oneself is the best.
Auliq Ice|It's funny how a hello is always accompanied with a goodbye. It's funny how good memories can make you cry, it's funny how forever never seems to last, it's funny how much you would lose if you forgot about your past, it's funny how friends can just leave when you're down, it's funny how when you need someone they never are around, it's funny how people change and think they're so much better, it's funny how some many lies are packed into one love letter, it's funny how one night can hold so much regret, it's funny how you can forgive but not forget, it's funny how ironic life turns out to be, but the funniest part of all, is that none of that is funny to me.
Richelle E. Goodrich|The viewpoint character in each story is usually someone trapped in a living nightmare, but this doesn't guarantee that we and the protagonist are at one. In fact Woolrich often makes us pull away from the person at the center of the storm, splitting our reaction in two, stripping his protagonist of moral authority, denying us the luxury of unequivocal identification, drawing characters so psychologically warped and sometimes so despicable that a part of us wants to see them suffer. Woolrich also denies us the luxury of total disidentification with all sorts of sociopaths, especially those who wear badges. His Noir Cop tales are crammed with acts of police sadism, casually committed or at least endorsed by the detective protagonist. These monstrosities are explicitly condemned almost never and the moral outrage we feel has no internal support in the stories except the objective horror of what is shown, so that one might almost believe that a part of Woolrich wants us to enjoy the spectacles. If so, it's yet another instance of how his most powerful novels and stories are divided against themselves so as to evoke in us a divided response that mirrors his own self-division.("Introduction")
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|The word just hangs, until Severin starts the blender and there's only the sound of crunching and grinding vitamins, the silvery core of nourishment, containing every essential thing but the nourishment itself." (pg. 82)
A.D. Posey|As long as it comes from the heart, in the end, it will be good.
Alexi Lawless, Complicated Creatures: Part One|Simple works, complex fails.
Lisa Kleypas, A Wallflower Christmas|The letter had been crumpled up and tossed onto the grate. It had burned all around the edges, so the names at the top and bottom had gone up in smoke. But there was enough of the bold black scrawl to reveal that it had indeed been a love letter. And as Hannah read the singed and half-destroyed parchment, she was forced to turn away to hide the trembling of her hand. —should warn you that this letter will not be eloquent. However, it will be sincere, especially in light of the fact that you will never read it. I have felt these words like a weight in my chest, until I find myself amazed that a heart can go on beating under such a burden. I love you. I love you desperately, violently, tenderly, completely. I want you in ways that I know you would find shocking. My love, you don't belong with a man like me. In the past I've done things you wouldn't approve of, and I've done them ten times over. I have led a life of immoderate sin. As it turns out, I'm just as immoderate in love. Worse, in fact. I want to kiss every soft place of you, make you blush and faint, pleasure you until you weep, and dry every tear with my lips. If you only knew how I crave the taste of you. I want to take you in my hands and mouth and feast on you. I want to drink wine and honey from you. I want you under me. On your back. I'm sorry. You deserve more respect than that. But I can't stop thinking of it. Your arms and legs around me. Your mouth, open for my kisses. I need too much of you. A lifetime of nights spent between your thighs wouldn't be enough. I want to talk with you forever. I remember every word you've ever said to me. If only I could visit you as a foreigner goes into a new country, learn the language of you, wander past all borders into every private and secret place, I would stay forever. I would become a citizen of you.And there it stopped.
Maggie Smith|Good BonesLife is short, though I keep this from my children.Life is short, and I’ve shortened minein a thousand delicious, ill-advised ways,a thousand deliciously ill-advised waysI’ll keep from my children. The world is at leastfifty percent terrible, and that’s a conservativeestimate, though I keep this from my children.For every bird there is a stone thrown at a bird.For every loved child, a child broken, bagged,sunk in a lake. Life is short and the worldis at least half terrible, and for every kindstranger, there is one who would break you,though I keep this from my children. I am tryingto sell them the world. Any decent realtor,walking you through a real shithole, chirps onabout good bones: This place could be beautiful,right? You could make this place beautiful.
Santosh Kalwar|It is in your hands to make life miserable or happy. No religion, spiritual leaders or knowledge will ever make you fully satisfied.
Daniel Quinn, Ishmael|If you alone found out what the lie was, then you're probably right—it would make no great difference. But if you ALL found out what the lie was, it might conceivably make a very great difference indeed.
Alain de Botton, Religion for Atheists: A Non-Believer's Guide to the Uses of Religion|I never wavered in my certainty that God did not exist. I was simply liberated by the thought that there might be a way to engage with religion without having to subscribe to its supernatural content - a way, to put it in more abstract terms, to think about Fathers without upsetting my respectful memory of my own father. I recognized that my continuing resistance to theories of an afterlife or of heavenly residents was no justification for giving up on the music, buildings, prayers, rituals, feasts, shrines, pilgrimages, communal meals and illustrated manuscripts of the faiths.
Sarah Dessen, Keeping the Moon|As Isabel acted out her date, both of them laughing, I stayed in the kitchen, out of sight, and pretended she was telling me, too. And that, for once, I was part of this hidden language of laughter and silliness and girls that was, somehow, friendship.
Brooke Foss Westcott|Indeed taking all the evidence together, it is not too much to say that there is no single historic incident better or more variously supported than the Resurrection of Christ. Nothing but the antecedent assumption that it must be false could have suggested the idea of deficiency in the proof of it.
Lindsey Kelk, A Girl's Best Friend|New York is a glorious place for clearing your head and finding inspiration. Every time you step outside, you live a dozen lives.
Andrew Vachss, Flood|From the very second that two people sat together around a fire in the forest, there was another human out there who felt better in the dark.
Valencia Mackie|No matter what life throws at you, fight with your eyes wide open to fight a good fight.
Darynda Jones, First Grave on the Right|And I like the light-up.”“The what?”“The light-up,” he’d say. “You know, that look people get when they finally realize you’re for real. It’s like electricity. It makes me tingle all over. Like a blanket full of static.”Ew. “Really? I’ve never heard that.”“Yeah, and I like it when people realize we’re out here.”I leaned in close once and asked him, “Do you want your mom to realize you’re out here? Do you want her to know?”“Nah. It took her too long to get over me.”All in all, he was a good kid.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden and Other Writings|I am self-reliant, I am accountable, I am determined, I am strong, I am...the scarce minority.
Dr. Seuss, How the Grinch stole Christmas! And other stories|Christmas it seems to me is a necessary festival; we require a season when we can regret all the flaws in our human relationships: it is the feast of failure, sad but consoling.
Meg Rosoff, How I Live Now|On the warm stone walls, climbing roses were just coming into bloom and great twisted branches of honeysuckle and clematis wrestled each other as they tumbled up and over the top of the wall. Against another wall were white apple blossoms on branches cut into sharp crucifixes and forced to lie flat against the stone. Below, the huge frilled lips of giant tulips in shades of white and cream nodded in their beds. They were almost finished now, spread open too far, splayed, exposing obscene black centers. I've never had my own garden but I suddenly recognized something in the tangle of this one that wasn't beauty. Passion, maybe. And something else. Rage. 
Dominic Riccitello|The beauty was nothing made sense. We were complex. We were intricate. We were designed with flaws which seemed to make everything perfect. But the defining word is seem. We don’t see what’s in front of us until it’s away from us. Until it’s behind us. Until it doesn’t bother us. Sometimes things aren’t perfect, yet they appear to be. Sometimes life doesn’t make sense until it does. But it always does.
Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known|Success and accomplishments aren't the golden "good life" goals. Instead, having a good life is simple. For an old man to be happy, he just wants to watch the fireworks with his granddaughter on Chinese New Year's Eve.
Jamie Farrell, Blissed|You stay married thirty-four years, you don't have to prove who's got the bigger balls. Just take it for granted she does.
Robert M. Pirsig|Well, Art is Art, isn't it? Still, on the other hand, water is water. And east is east and west is west and if you take cranberries and stew them like applesauce they taste much more like prunes than rhubarb does. Now you tell me what you know.
Nalini Singh|It was, she had to admit, some kind of wonderful to be kissed so deliciously by the only man who had dared play with her cat with the intention of winning.
Douglass B. Reeves|Is it not time to cry that the blind shall see, the deaf hear, the lame walk? But that which fanaticism formerly promised to its elect, science now accomplishes for all men.
Arash Tabish|People need to get smart and understand that politics is a wrong bussiness for ugly people and those ugly people are "Politicians" so please do not trust politicians and do not have any faith in politic.
Anna Akhmatova, The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova|Sometimes, I marvel at the wonderof how graceful words seem to appearpen to paper; in others' handsAnd I think to myself-oh, how obsolete my existence is,to be unable to do the same.
Richard Clarke|The methods that will most effectively minimize the ability of intruders to compromise information security are comprehensive user training and education. Enacting policies and procedures simply won't suffice. Even with oversight the policies and procedures may not be effective: my access to Motorola, Nokia, ATT, Sun depended upon the willingness of people to bypass policies and procedures that were in place for years before I compromised them successfully
Giovanni Papini|Life to be bearable must be lived intensely. Through it a continuous stream of emotion passes. Though that emotion is ever changing as flowing water changes, it at least bears us along on a current that gives the illusion of continuity and permanence. But analyze life, tear its trappings off, lay it bare with thought, with logic, with philosophy, and its emptiness is revealed as a bottomless pit; its nothingness frankly confesses to nothingness, and Despair comes to perch in the soul.
Laura Smith|Did I ever tell you that we used to keep our horses where your house is?”“Yeah,” I mumbled.She continued her story, “My brothers used to get up early every morning and go across the street, well, there wasn’t a street there yet. It was just a dirt road, and they used to get up and clean the stables and feed the horses every morning. I would go over there once they had finished and give the horses a brush, even though none of those horses were mine. I had always wanted my own horse, but I never got one. When my father got older, he got rid of the horses and sold the land, all but this yard here."She spread her hand over the yard as she said this."I grew up and got married and had to move away. My husband and I lived in an apartment above a bread store. And it was so cramped, let me tell you. There was nowhere to move around and no yard to take care of. It was terrible. I’m not saying I wanted my husband to die. I’d never have wished that in a million years. But I was so relieved to come home after two years, and I've lived here ever since."I had stopped raking, turned and looked at her."I know why you don’t want to leave this street," she said, "You’ve been in that house your whole life, just like me. And no matter where you go it’s not going to seem like home. But just like me, you’re going to come back. You have to remind yourself of that. And I did hate being away from home, but it was the most memorable time in my life, being away. It was an adventure as much as it was scary. But when I came home, I learned to get out more. I went to beauty school and got a job at the salon and took trips with friends. I like to get away from the house so that I can come back and still appreciate it. And you will too after you come back.”I nodded at Violet. What she was saying made sense.“I’ll go,” I said, “Tell them I’ll go.”- The Stable House
Sara Sheridan|Yes, when I get big and have my own home, no plush chairs and lace curtains for me. And no rubber plants. I'll have a desk like this in my parlor and white walls and a clean green blotter every Sunday night and a row of shining yellow pencils always sharpened for writing and a golden-brown bowl with a flower or some leaves or berries always in it and books...books..books.
Madame de Stael|It does not take much strength to do things, but it requires great strength to decide on what to do.
NisiOisiN, 傷物語 [Kizumonogatari]|Suicide" Kissshot said disappointedly .Her eyes were downcast , facing the town spread out below her ."A common reason , one accounting for nine-tenths of vampire deaths"."....."."Incidentally , the remaining tenth succumb to vampire slayers - any other reason fit within the margins of a rounding error"."Suicide ? Why ?"."Do they not speak of dying of boredom ?".Boredom was a killer .Guilt could kill you - but boredom was lethal .
Piers Anthony, Golem in the Gears|Libraries are a force for good. They wear capes. They fight evil. They don’t get upset when you don’t send them a card on their birthdays. (Though they will charge you if you’re late returning a book.) They serve communities. The town without a library is a town without a soul. The library card is a passport to wonders and miracles, glimpses into other lives, religions, experiences, the hopes and dreams and strivings of ALL human beings, and it is this passport that opens our eyes and hearts to the world beyond our front doors, that is one of our best hopes against tyranny, xenophobia, hopelessness, despair, anarchy, and ignorance. Libraries are the torch of the world, illuminating the path when it feels too dark to see. We mustn’t allow that torch to be extinguished.
Jessica Bates, Birth & What Came After: poems on motherhood|One day his fingers will grow knobby, he will start to sag. I pray to the goddesses, the gods, the eggs, the clouds, the trees. I pray to the wind that he will grow old and die well.
Robert H. Thouless, التفكير المستقيم والتفكير الأعوج|The psychological fact of suggestion is that if statements are made again and again in a confident manner, without argument or proof, then their hearers will tend to believe them quite independently of their soundness and of the presence or absence of evidence for their truth.
Barry Lyga, The Astonishing Adventures of Fanboy and Goth Girl|I suddenly realize that I'm naked, which shouldn't bother me since it's the phone, but for some reason it does. "How's it hanging?" Kyra asks and now I think I'm blushing. It's just an expression, but jeez!
Beryl Markham, West with the Night|Those touchy mediocrities who sit trembling lest someone's work prove greater than their own - they have no inkling of the loneliness that comes when you reach the top. The loneliness for an equal - for a mind to respect and an achievement to admire...They envy achievement, and their dream of greatness is a world where all men have become their acknowledged inferiors. They don't know that that dream is the infallible proof of mediocrity, because that sort of world is what the man of achievement would not be able to bear.
shashidhar sa|today start with a THOUGHT, turn it into IDEA tomorrow, next day you will see it in REALITY
Antonin Scalia|The two great risks are risking too much but also risking too little. That's for each person to decide. For me, not risking anything is worse than death. By far.
Karen Michelle Miller, Words to Ponder About Life, Love and Men|I remember a scared, young girl hiding in the guise of arrogance and rebellion. I remember feeling lost in a world where everyone else seemed to have it all figured out. I remember the tears of pain, the rants of anger and the hell that seemed to have swallowed me whole. Although I remember these things, it is now, over a decade later, more like a story that I find hard to believe. Did it all really happen? Even as I write this, my eyes begin to swell. It really did happen. I was that girl. And I’m sorry she had to suffer so. But, that is over now...
Laura Staley|Sometimes you have to let go of a career you love, a beloved home, or a loved one. Take time to grieve a loss of this nature. If you find yourself disoriented, consider surrounding yourself with people who see your strengths, goodness, gifts, and talents. They will help you find your way.
Gayle Forman, Just One Year|Sometimes fate or life or whatever you want to call it, leaves a door a little open and you walk through it. But sometimes it locks the door and you have to find the key, or pick the lock, or knock the damn thing down. And sometimes, it doesn't even show you the door, and you have to build it yourself. But if you keep waiting for the doors to be opened for you... I think you'll have a hard time finding single happiness, let alone that double portion.
Timothy Simpson, Boredom to Brilliance|Every magician knows there is no such thing as magic. They are masters of making things possible out of a situation that seems impossible. The key to getting what you want in life is to know that the only reason why something is, is because it was made possible. It can only be if it is possible for it to be. Make it possible and let it be.
Lionel Suggs|Words become sentences, twisted, difficult/The story weaves itself, always noisiest at night/As herds of words won't stop. . . "Wildebeest of Words/Breathe In
Ian K. Smith|While religious tolerance is surely better than religious war, tolerance is not without its liabilities. Our fear of provoking religious hatred has rendered us incapable of criticizing ideas that are now patently absurd and increasingly maladaptive.
Marissa Meyer, Heartless|But hoping," he said, "is how the impossible can be possible after all.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Live not for others, but for your own self.
Robin S. Sharma, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari: A Fable About Fulfilling Your Dreams  Reaching Your Destiny|By confusing strategy with tactics and mixing up “what” and “how”, we may have a hard time staying on point. ”What” we want, on the one hand, and “how” we want to achieve it, on the other, needs a careful reading and a singular approach. (“When the bar is set too high”)
Hayden Sixx|I said I was afraid and she told me to think about a time I felt brave and take that feeling into the situation with me. It worked. It helped.”Corinne leaned away from the Plexiglas, horrified.“Of course, since that time, I’ve learned much more about the technique,” her mother said. “I’ve learned to make it much more elegant, but the basics are still the same. Take that old calm, confident feeling with you into the new situation. I used it or a variant of it with clients all the time.” She knit her eyebrows, looking hard at Corinne. “I used it for evil during the kidnapping,” she said. “Now you can use it for good.
Baruch Spinoza|The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|You can't build a strong personal brand by just posting status updates... people need more than that, they need valuable content, beyond updates and tweets.
Nancy Ring, Walking on Walnuts|You should never forget where you come from, never forget the struggle, never forget the lives that were lost.
Nelson Mandel|We pledge ourselves to liberate all our people from the continuing bondage of poverty, deprivation, suffering, gender and other discrimination.
Sachin Kundalkar, Cobalt Blue|Back on the Hauser regime, I start the day with his notorious "pep breakfast" -- two raw eggs beaten in orange juice. Hauser describes it as a "creamy drink fit for a King's table." I do not feel the same way. This is so much worse than the raw eggs in milk that I drank for the Marilyn Monroe diet.If pneumonia were a food, this is what it would taste like.
Joe Jordan, Sharpen Your Life: 52 Strategic Moments to Create a Lifetime of Success|Wherever you are — it’s too early to draw a conclusion. You may be down, but you’re not done. Today’s defeat could be tomorrow’s gold.
Brenda Ueland, If You Want to Write: A Book about Art, Independence and Spirit|Of course, in fairness, I must remind you of this: that we writers are the most lily-livered of all craftsmen. We expect more, for the most peewee efforts, than any other people.
Jon Foreman|You wear your honor like a suit of armor... You think it keeps you safe, but all it does is weigh you down and make it hard for you to move.
Amy Carmichael|Oh, will you pray? Stop now and pray, lest desire turn to feeling and feeling evaporate.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|Dead men are not friends to living men, and give them no gifts.
Michael Heizer|When I go to an art gallery and stand in front of a painting, I don't want someone telling me what I should be seeing or thinking; I want to feel whatever I feel, see whatever I see, and figure out what I figure out.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Your ability to commit the EXTRA brings out the extraordinary in you. The world will only pay for that little commitment, even, than the rest of your abilities.
Jessica Valenti, Sex Object|I spoke on a panel once with a famous new age author/guru in leather pants and she said that the problem with women is that we don't "speak from our power," but from a place of victimization. As if the traumas forced upon us could be shaken off with a steady voice- as if we had actual power to speak from.
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, it is a great Self-effort to deliberately remain ignorant despite knowing, right? I deliberately remain ignorant in spite of having the Knowledge.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we love unconditionally just like our Creator, we will awaken of the goodness in souls.
Willow Madison, We Were One Once|Pram wasn't told the story of her birth. But even as a very small girl, she felt deep in her chest that she was alive and dead at the same time.
Stieg Larsson, The Girl Who Played with Fire|But she wished she had had the guts to go up to him and say hello. Or possibly break his legs, she wasn't sure which.
Ray Anyasi, To Live Again|Our route had now obviously been completely blotted out and here I reckoned less of our chances of survival. We’re like a voyage ship veered off course by a ruthless storm now left with no radar or compass. Ours is a sorry tale of an unpredictable adventure. One moment it seem like we’re going home to mama’s warm embrace and tears of joy, the next moment we feel helplessly immersed in the blackness of hopelessness.” - Dami K.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|A faint smile played on his lips. "Obedience does not come naturally to you, does it""No...sir""I must take some blame for that, I suppose. The sea does not like to be restrained.
Jacqueline Woodson|You're writing, you're coasting, and you're thinking, 'This is the best thing I've ever written, and it's coming so easily, and these characters are so great.' You put it aside for whatever reason, and you open it up a week later and the characters have turned to cardboard and the book has completely fallen apart," she says. "That's the moment of truth for every writer: Can I go on from here and make this book into something? I think it separates the writers from the nonwriters. And I think it's the reason a lot of people have that unfinished manuscript around the house, that albatross.
Poppet, Aisyx|Lady, you have just become a wanted woman. I suggest you start running.
polandbananasBOOKS|There are many who are hesitant and say, 'I don't witches and I don't like wizards; I only like the real world.' That's because you haven't been to the fake one yet.
Chuck Klosterman, Eating the Dinosaur|If a person can build a fence around himself, he is bound to do it.
George Gaylord Simpson, This View of Life: The World of an Evolutionist|What, after all, is so special about genes? The answer is that they are replicators. The laws of physics are supposed to be true all over the accessible universe. Are there any principles of biology which are likely to have similar universal validity? When astronauts voyage to distant planets and look for life, they can expect to find creatures too strange and unearthly for us to imagine. But is there anything which must be true of all life, wherever it is found, and whatever the basis of its chemistry? If forms of life exist whose chemistry is based on silicon rather than carbon, or ammonia rather than water, if creatures are discovered which boil to death at -100 degrees centigrade, if a form of life is found which is not based on chemistry at all, but on electronic reverberating circuits, will there still be any general principle which is true of all life? Obviously I do not know but, if I had to bet, I would put my money on one fundamental principle. This is the law that all life evolves by the differential survival of replicating entities. The gene, the DNA molecule, happens to be the replicating entity which prevails on our own planet. There may be others. If there are, provided certain conditions are met, they will almost inevitably tend to become	the basis for an evolutionary process.
Lisa Kleypas, Blue-Eyed Devil|In college, I had a course in Latin, and one day the word "divorce" came up. I always figured it came from some root that meant "divide." In truth, it comes from "divertere," which means "to divert."I believe that. All divorce does is divert you, taking you away from everything you thought you knew and everything you thought you wanted and steering you into all kinds of other stuff, like discussions about your mother's girdle and whether she should marry someone else.
Andrea Jung|Hip-hop is supposed to uplift and create, to educate people on a larger level and to make a change.
Stephen Jay Gould, The Flamingo's Smile: Reflections in Natural History|My potential salvation...must remain an unswerving commitment to treat generality only as it emerges from little things that arrest us and open our eyes with "aha" -- while direct, abstract, learned assaults upon generalities usually glaze them over.
Agatha Christie, Appointment with Death|I'm sorry, but I do hate this differentiation between the sexes. 'The modern girl has a thoroughly businesslike attitude to life' That sort of thing. It's not a bit true! Some girls are businesslike and some aren't. Some men are sentimental and muddle-headed, others are clear-headed and logical. There are just different types of brains.
Soma Mukherjee|In The Sunset SkyThe sunset sky dazzling with the golden hues, Taking bow in brilliant sparkle of experienceIs it not a climax, of the story so far, that was today?Or is it building anticipation of the night yet to come. Watch the days go, some proud of their accomplishmentsSome leaving sighs of disappointments, Leaving all in awe of its Amaranthine twists and turns And the fortunate get to see the moon trying to steal the show from setting sun,Oh she is such a show off, isn't she, basking in reflected gloryIts magical, the sunset sky,Puzzling, sometimes just like a riddle,Leaving the nature stunned and amazed For it has been filling the canvas whole day with colours And now the sunset threatens to hide them all And in dark all the colours will be sameA cue for the wise.Sunset sky has so much to offer, is she not a fine exampleof how uncertain a life can beOften reminding no matter what you planned, there will besome unexpected returnsFor End has its own brain, its own scriptCharting its own courseSo why just the beginning,every moment of the life should be grand, meted with equal passion and fervorShe has been so clever; the sunset skyLeaving Twinkling cryptic messages for the night skyFor even the dark has sparkle and hope if you keep your head up, A constant reminder that exuberance is an attitude of deep,rich, warm heartsI want my sunset sky to be grand, magical, and full of stories of my life that has been And its memories to linger on in this world, in the tomorrow and a few more years to come
Nick Miller|If my time loving you has taught me anything, it’s that love grows with every returned smile, every second of communal silence and every word exchanged. Unconditional love is built and when it’s finished nothing destroys it.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Blessed and fortunate creature, your eyes shall behold Him and not another's. All that you are, sins apart, is destined, if you will let God have His good way, to utter satisfaction. The Brocken spectre 'looked to every man like his first love', because she was a cheat. But God will look to every soul like its first love because He is its first love. Your place in heaven will seem to be made for you and you alone, because you were made for it--made for it stitch by stitch as a glove is made for a hand
Margaret Mitchell|I do not write with ease, nor am I ever pleased with anything I write. And so I rewrite.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|A very small class of books have nothing in common say that each admits us to a world of its own that seems to have been going on before we stumbled into it, but which, once found by the right reader, becomes indispensable to him.
Arthur Golden|I long ago developed a very practical smile, which I call my "Noh smile" because it resembles a Noh mask whose features are frozen. Its advantage is that men can interpret it however they want; you can imagine how often I've relied on it.
Justin Young|Just because your feet are on the ground, doesn't mean you weren't born to fly.
Matshona Dhliwayo|As rain does not bother the ocean, nor heat bother the sun, so adversity does not bother the great.
César Aira|I don't know who explained this rule to me; maybe it was the product of my own speculations and fantasies. That would have been typical: I was always inventing stories and machinations to make sense of things I didn't understand, and I understood almost nothing.
Gertrude Stein, Ada|She told her father Mr. Abram Colhard that she did not like it at all being one being living then. He never said anything. She was afraid then, she was one needing charming stories and happy telling of them and not having that thing she was always trembling.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Your thoughts are certain kinds of seeds in your life. You can water them and allow them to grow on fertile soil. Or, you can let them diminish and wither amongst the weeds. Be careful that your seeds are not contaminated as they begin to take root.
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|I’m clinging to one last thought: pain is the harbinger of hope. You have to be alive to feel pain. If you are alive, then you have purpose. If you have purpose, then you have hope.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|Reductio ad absurdum, which Euclid loved so much, is one of a mathematician's finest weapons. It is a far finer gambit than any chess play: a chess player may offer the sacrifice of a pawn or even a piece, but a mathematician offers the game.
Thomas Middleton, The Changeling|The best way to avoid being confused about Bruce Jenner is get your head out of his bedroom and closet, and then think about all of the things you've been hiding and been miserable about. So what he made his announcement via media. Books, music, movies, business launches are announced in the same manner. Just focus on the feeling of finally disclosing something that enables you to be free and to live as authentically as possible. And then imagine what it's like to own your truth, tell it your way, thus taking away anyone else's ability to spin it their way or use it against you. If you can do any of the above, you will no longer be confused.
Virginia Woolf|An idiot child screaming in a hospital." (on George Bernard Shaw)
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|You asked me to go out with you. I know you probably changed your mind. But you should know, the answer was yes. It's always been yes when it comes to you.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|Be sure to enjoy language, experiment with ways of talking, be exuberant even when you don't feel like it because language can make your world a better place to live.
Sarah Dessen|So this had been all I wanted, a boy who understood how I felt. Now, though, I sometimes wished for more.
Robert Fulghum, All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten|The first time I started choreographing was in the dark, in my living room, with the lights completely out, to some popular music on the radio. I put the radio on full blast and I started moving. I didn't know what it looked like. I didn't want to see it... I had to start in the dark.
Roan Parrish, Out of Nowhere|I'm also getting a piece of chocolate cake...	"Can I have a bite?" he asked, his voice smooth and sexy.	A bite of what? she wanted to ask, but didn't. She wasn't ready for that level of flirting. "Get your own slice, Gallagher."	"I can do that, Blake. I'm in the mood for something sweet it seems.
Amit Kalantri, I Love You Too|And whether consciously or not, you must be in many a heart enthroned: queens you must always be: queens to your lovers; queens to your husbands and sons; queens of higher mystery to the world beyond, which bows itself, and will forever bow, before the myrtle crown, and the stainless scepter of womanhood.
Philippe Petit|I've got my organic veg patch and fruit; we're very garden-obsessed, my husband and I. He designed a garden for me for Christmas, so beautiful! Alasdhair's very good at the proportion and ground work, and I come in and do the planting and the color scheme.
Sayed Kashua|When I was in seventh grade, I asked my parents for a mobile recording system for Christmas, and I got it. I didn't come out of my room for years after that. I'd get invited to the movies and I'd say, 'I'm gonna finish a couple of demos.'
Zoe Forward, Protecting His Witch|He roughly grated out, "Don't run from me. Not now. This is for both of us." He held her thighs apart to force her to continue to accept the powerful thrusts. Changing his angle ever so slightly, he hit that one location that turned her world into a starry night. Her body shattered. Muscles ripples, gripped, and clamped down.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, American Poetry, 1922|That's how it is with relationships, it's a part of life, and all the great love songs and poems and films have been written by people who were standing where I was that morning as Simon shut the door. Doesn't make it any easier though. 
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|O Heavenly Children, God has blessed you all with many treasures that only the most purehearted already know. His fruitful garden is vast and without measure, and in your own very bodies, He has planted metals of copper, silver and gold.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|It was me who had to carry myself over the finish line, and all I needed to remember when I felt like not trying was that that feeling wouldn't last forever.
Richard Dawkins|I am profoundly fascinated by cruelty, fear, horror and death. My films show my preoccupation with violence, the pathology of violence.
A. Meredith Walters, Chasing the Tide|He smiled and as his lips parted, little bits of solid waste fell from them. Hellelujah, we can only be what we are, I thought and wondered if I was as repulsive to him as he was to me. I don't think so, because even though he literally wore a shit-eating grin, I sensed he was genuinely happy to see me
Eric Zaccone|Circumvent negative situations, people or anything that will impede progress. These things are toxic to personal achievement; desired end-points are driven by positive attitude and persistence.
Josh Hartnett|If you were an optimistic teen, then you'll be an optimist at 80. People's reactions to bad events are highly stable over a half century or more.
Russell D. Moore|I am grateful for hands to tickle with. Not so grateful for that process in reverse, however.
Mehmet Murat ildan|All we need to know about the storms is this: Storms are born, they live and they die! And they destroy anything wildly, just like we do in wars!
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Help people help themselves. Don’t judge, just help. In this process, be cautious to simply point them in the right direction and help them get moving. Don’t make your journey theirs, nor make their journey yours.
Arthur Nersesian, The Fuck-Up|Love doesn't fail us, it's our expectations that fail us. Lovers sometimes forget that the gift is the call to love itself, and not the result. The quickening, the deepening, the merging, the burning bright in love's cosmic kiln. That's the great gift, no matter where it leads.
Christopher Hitchens|Well, well," said he, "do not make yourself unhappy. If you are a good girl for the next ten years, I will take you to a review at the end of them.
John Green|In the end, what makes a book valuable is not the paper it’s printed on, but the thousands of hours of work by dozens of people who are dedicated to creating the best possible reading experience for you.
Penny Reid, Grin and Beard It|I push my thigh against his. “Well, thank God.”“Thank God what?” he asks. His hand slowly rubs up and down the place where my shoulder meets my arm. It makes me good shiver.“That I don’t have a neck brace. It’s hard to rock a neck brace, especially if we’re still going to that dance.”He leans in and kisses my nose. “If anyone could do it, you could.”I tilt my head so our lips meet.“Hormonal ones, I am right here. Me. The old lady otherwise known as your grandmother,” Betty says.“Sorry. He’s just irresistible,” I say, settling back against him.“Well, try to resist the irresistible,” Betty says knowingly as the truck bumps over a pothole.
Kate McGahan, JACK McAFGHAN: Reflections on Life with my Master|Not all dogs are perfect dogs, but all dogs are inherently good. Like people, we are affected by environment and circumstance. Some breeds get a bad rap because sometimes humans breed them to be a certain way, like overly macho or protective. In our life on earth we are dependent on humans for everything, including our breeding. We can be bred for aggression or we can be bred for peace.
William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream|HIPPOLYTABut all the story of the night told over,And all their minds transfigured so together,More witnesseth than fancy’s imagesAnd grows to something of great constancy,But, howsoever, strange and admirable.
David Cameron|The minute you got the Nobel Peace Prize, things that I said yesterday, with nobody paying too much attention, I say the same things after I got it - oh! It was quite crucial for people, and it helped our morale because apartheid did look invincible.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Virtue of prayer, virtue of patience.
Rupi Kaur, Milk and Honey|to do list (after the breakup)1. take refuge in your bed2. cry. till the tears stop (this will take a few days).3. don’t listen to slow songs.4. delete their number from your phone even though it is memorized on your fingertips.5. don’t look at old photos.6. find the closest ice cream shop and treat yourself to two scoops of mint chocolate chip. the mint will calm your heart. you deserve the chocolate.7. buy new bed sheets.8. collect all the gifts, t-shirts, and everything with their smell on it and drop it off at a donation center.9. plan a trip.10. perfect the art of smiling and nodding when someone brings their name up in conversation.11. start a new project.12. whatever you do. do not call.13. do not beg for what does not want to stay.14. stop crying at some point.15. allow yourself to feel foolish for believing you could’ve built the rest of your life in someone else’s stomach.16. breathe.
Anupam Kher|We're very good at talking about the individual in American politics and excellent at talking about the government. But we have little ability to even acknowledge everything that exists in the middle, and given how influential politics is on every other part of our life, I think that failure of discourse is pretty corrosive to our overall culture.
Homin Hieger|If I look closely, my failures are less about my inadequacies and more about the fact that I channel my abilities into the wrong places.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|But I was born in the image of God, a man, a creator, with power of life and death, a father, blessed with the gift of the seed of Adam, a sower of seed, to bring forth generations of new life.This I was, and envying a kettle.
Terry Pratchett|It had taken skill, tact, an ability to choose friends well, and a great deal of luck... Luck was always part of it, one way or another
Vicki Covington|The longing for a man, as you know, is a grand escape. It can arch your mental process to extremes so that, like a gymnast or a ballerina, you’re contorted to such outrageous limits – I’m speaking of passion – that nothing else matters. I wanted this. I desired diversion.
Michelle Alexander, The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness|We did not hesitate to call our movement an army. But it was a special army, with no supplies but its sincerity, no uniform but its determination, no arsenal except its faith, no currency but its conscience.
Steve Jobs|God gave us the senses to let us feel the love in everyone’s heart, not the illusions brought about by wealth.
John Yang aka Private83|Stop searching for that perfect person you hope for. Stop searching for someone who would meet the standards you set as spouse material, instead love the one who's already next to you, who has always been there for you, and never done you wrong. Perfection doesn't exist in anyone, including you.
Susan Cooper, Silver on the Tree|You still don’t get it, Clark, do you?’ I couldhear the smile in his voice. ‘It’s not your choice.
Timothy Ferriss, The 4-Hour Chef: The Simple Path to Cooking Like a Pro, Learning Anything, and Living the Good Life|As you stumble and learn, stumble and learn again, resolve to talk to yourself as if you were your best friend. So no "What a #?%$@ idiot!" when your BFF smashes an egg on the floor, m'kay? Be cool, like the Fonz.
Banana Yoshimoto, Hardboiled & Hard Luck|And Pearl, stepping in, mid-leg deep, beheld her own white feet at the bottom, while out of a still lower depth came the gleam of a kind of fragmentary smile, floating to and fro in the agitated water.
Aldous Huxley|Eighteenth-century doctors prescribed sugar pills for nearly everything: heart problems, headache, consumption, labor pains, insanity, old age, and blindness. Hence, the French expression 'like an apothecary without sugar' meant someone in an utterly hopeless situation.
Jay Parini|I always run in the morning on an empty stomach, and I'll go through a bottle and a half of water. Then I have a protein drink or I eat egg whites.
John Taskinsoy|Self-analysis is vital in the road to success; being unaware of your own skills, capacity, and attributes may cost you the next great promotion.
Julia Quinn, Romancing Mister Bridgerton|Colin decided then and there that the female mind was a strange and incomprehensible organ - one which no man should even attempt to understand. There wasn't a woman alive who could go from point A to B without stopping at C, D, X, and 12 along the way.
Shumila Shah|Life Sucks. True, but it depends what you let it suck out of you – Pain or Fun!
Aldous Huxley|One is always alone in suffering; the fact is depressing when one happens to be the sufferer, but it makes pleasure possible for the rest of the world.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human|Prohibition is to abstain from intoxicating liquor, as it makes us morbid and sometimes drunk. But we get drunk every day, nevertheless, not so much by the strength of what we sip from the cup, but that which we eat, the water we drink, and the air we inhale, which at fermentation conspire at eventide to make us so drunk and tired that we lose control of ourselves and fall asleep. Everybody is a drunkard, and if we were to enforce real prohibition we should all be dead.
Charles M. Blow, Fire Shut Up in My Bones|Children see God every day; they just don't call it that. It's the summer sky painted with cumulus clouds by day and sequined with a million stars by night. It's the sweet whispers of sweet gum trees and the sounds riding the tops of honeysuckle-scented breezes. Children feel God stuffed into brown fluffy dogs with stitches strong enough to withstand a good squeeze, and on the lips of round women who can't get enough sugar from Chocolate.I began to believe that God is us and nature, beauty and love, mystery and majesty, everything right and good.
Gisela Hausmann "Naked Determination 41 Stories About Overcoming Fear"|You may not have the greenest yard, but you can take the shit you're given and fertilize your grass into something beautiful!
Steven Erikson|The closest I ever got to Dragonlance and Forgotten Realms was when I bought the box game set for the latter (I think this was before the novels came out). I well recall this—we were living in James Bay, in Victoria. We opened the box up and took out the maps while sitting in a Mexican restaurant. Ten minutes later I was as close as I have ever been to publicly burning someone else’s creation…What bothered us was the reworking of every fantasy cliché imaginable, all in one package now, and none of it made sense.
Vladimir Nabokov, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|Sam took another sip of the pruno. It went down smoother this time, possibly because he no longer had feeling in his extremities.
Jalaluddin Rumi|If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished??
Michael Leunig|Every system I have in my house or my car, they're all tuned exactly the same.
Bennet Omalu|There's nothing fun about stuff like estate planning, getting mammograms, or talking to a guy about long term disability insurance, but do it anyway. Trust me, the stress of not having done the above is prematurely aging.
James Hilton, Good-Bye, Mr. Chips|She filed those moments away like precious documents, wore them smooth with memory, collected them like bits of prayers.
Sarah Rees Brennan, Unspoken|In 1938, Louise Rosenblatt introduced reader response theory or the transactional view of reading. She asserted that what the reader brings to the reading act - his or her world of experiences, personality, and current frame of mind - is just as important in interpreting the text as what the author writes. According to this view, reading is a fusion of text and reader.
Bill McKibben, Wandering Home: A Long Walk Across America's Most Hopeful Landscape: Vermont's Champlain Valley and New York's Adirondacks|This is not just "our" world.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|do many calculations lead to victory, and few calculations to defeat
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|If fate doesn't make you laugh, then you just don't get the joke.
J.I. Packer|J.I. Packer writes, “It [knowing God] is the most practical project anyone can engage in. Knowing about God is crucially important for living our lives.” Packer continues, “Disregard the study of God, and you sentence yourself to stumble and blunder through this life blindfolded, as it were, with no sense of direction and no understanding of what surrounds you.
Courtney Giardina, Behind the Strings|It will be a beautiful day tomorrow, with the burgeoning greenery of the trees coming alive through the east window of your room – the greenery that will rim the endless sky and our endless love.
Sheeja Jose, Goodbye Girl|You can know an animal - or a person, for that matter - in an instant, really, though your understanding can go on unfolding for years.
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|Because all the monsters have been let out of their cages tonight, no matter what court they belong to. So I may roam wherever I wish until the dawn.
Eddie Whitlock, Evil Is Always Human|We ate our fill, but there was more left when we was done. 'It’ll be in the icebox if y’all want some more later on,' she told us. There weren’t no way I would have gone back and eat more. I knowed they was being extra nice to us right then, but if we didn’t act right, they would put us out. That’s how folks do.
Jay Woodman|Dollar bill: people spend their whole life seeking to earn it, but won't spend 10 minutes seeking to learn it.
Debasish Mridha|If I dream under a moonlit night, should it vanish with the brightness of the morning sun?
Tehmina Durrani, Blasphemy|He who laughs worst, weeps first
Christiaan Barnard|How fun it would be to bounce on the back of Lidewij Vliegenthart’s bike down the brick streets, her curly red hair blowing into my face, the smell of the canals and cigarette smoke, all the people sitting outside the cafés drinking beer, saying their r’s and g’s in a way I’d never learn.	I missed the future. Obviously I knew even before his recurrence that I’d never grow old with Augustus Waters. But thinking about Lidewij and her boyfriend, I felt robbed. I would probably never again see the ocean from thirty thousand feet above, so far up that you can’t make out the waves or any boats, so that the ocean is a great and endless monolith. I could imagine it. I could remember it. But I couldn’t see it again, and it occurred to me that the voracious ambition of humans is never sated by dreams coming true, because there is always the thought that everything might be done better and again.
Ilana Mercer, The Trump Revolution: The Donald's Creative Destruction Deconstructed|To Donald Trump, making America great means making the people great. To the political cast, conversely, making America great means making government great.
Brad Feld|Almost any American can connect on some level to a family background of having come across some ocean. They say, 'My great-grandparents came from wherever... this is why we have this last name, why we do this thing at Christmas.' All the details get watered down but don't quite disappear.
Sam Shepard|You look at a herd of cattle and well, they all look the same... but they know. They all have an individual personality, and those personalities change from day to day. They can have their grumpy days and their happy days and their serene days. But it's unpredictable. You can't be off in outer space when you're dealing with animals.
Christopher Fry|Whoever has the luck to be born a character can laugh even at death. Because a character will never die! A man will die, a writer, the instrument of creation: but what he has created will never die!
Daniel Wallock|There really is no sense in pretending to be normal. Just be you because the moment you do, weirder things happen. Crazy comes back into fashion and every woman has to go out and find her some.
Jill Knowles, Concubine|Princes are fighters or administrators. Neither of those things do much to spread joy in the world. Whores, concubines, and catamites, on the other hand, are all about giving satisfaction. Now granted, sexual pleasure is a temporary sort of happiness, but it is better than a new tax or a sword in the gut.
Vinita Kinra|Your existence depends on what you have, not what you are.
Eden Phillpotts, Saurus|Nine-nine of every hundred among you probably desire peace, while the balance may hold war a condition to be preferred; but what can be the mental norm of statesmanship where such a minority conquer the peace-lovers?
Stevie Nicks|The weeds keep multiplying in our garden, which is our mind ruled by fear. Rip them out and call them by name.
|Education is the master key to greatness; without it, a child would be faced with the darkness of a future that's full of uncertainties.
Ngaio Marsh, Death on the Air and Other Stories|You must be able to write. You must have a sense of form, of pattern, of design. You must have a respect for and a mastery over words.
Kris Kidd, Return to Sender|I’ll be too drunk to fight when you ask why I prefer to hurt, so I’ll start hurling stupid phrases like I love you at your naked chest, but no matter what I try, they’ll all sound like cheap threats.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|Don't underestimate the poor, because his soul treasures to Phoenix of Wits
Mark Brightlife, Overcoming Depression: Pragmatic Solutions to Deal with Suicidal Thoughts|Mental Health is measured though motivation to live; the more plans you have and the more significant they are, the more healthy you are.
T. Scott McLeod|To shine and outshine the shining stars, to take your abilities to the greatest height, to sit on top of the world, you must fortify yourself with persistence, the determination and willingness to stay in the same direction over a long period of time whatever the cost might be.
J.C. Ryle, A Call to Prayer|Praying and sinning will never live together in the same heart. Prayer will consume sin, or sin will choke prayer.
Elizabeth Goudge, The Rosemary Tree|Lucky ain’t a puppy no more and he don’t bark for just any old reason. It takes a mailman, a squirrel, a car, a bird, a blowing leaf, or a tumbling scrap of paper to get him stirred up now.
Virginia H. Pearce, Through His Eyes: Rethinking What You Believe About Yourself|Despite an ever increasing diversity when it comes to yoga brands, there are only four major paths in yoga and they have the same end goal; enlightenment. The end goal can be likened to the top of a pyramid. Even though people may start climbing the pyramid from different sides, at the end they will reach the same goal and thusly achieve unity.
Loren Eiseley, The Star Thrower|Not to be greedy is, paradoxically, the highest form of looking after one's true interests.
Olawale Daniel|IF I can do it and you can do it, if I have a story and you have story.
Emma Ghent Curtis|Behold yon rough and flinty roadWhere youth, now youth no more,Gropes whining, seeking crumbs of loavesHe cast away of yore.
Alfred Hermida, Tell Everyone: Why We Share and Why It Matters|Sometimes, humanity surprises me with all its lack of control over the primordial urges. These innate urges are the biological traits that make us similar to the rest of the animal kingdom. But the modern qualities that make us superior to all the animals are intellect and self-control.
Seanan McGuire, Chimes at Midnight|In Bio last year, I learned that blood is actually a dark maroon when it's inside your body. It's the exposure to oxygen that turns it bright red. And there must have been a lot of oxygen in my bathroom, because that blood was bright, bright red.
Marvin Gaye|To share is precious, pure and fair.Don't play with something you should cherish for life. Don't you wanna care, ain't it lonely out there?
Daniel Marques|My evolution as a writer? Mother said "stop talking like that", teachers said "you're weird", readers say "best book ever
Mike Basevic, No Limits, Mastering the Mental Egde: The Class They Don't Teach You in School|Early morning mist ghosted along the Orm, trailing above the water, rising and twisting. Wide and sleek and almost silent, the river curled through the valley, curved almost to the doors of the stone-terraced cottages sunk tight in the moorland. As soon as he was beyond sight of the mill gates, Manny ran, his step lighter, his boots crunching against the highway. The village was quiet now, and he could hear the faint cries of sheep on the hillside. He felt suddenly exultant at having acted decisively, felt the thrill of running away. Then he reasoned with himself that he wasn’t so much running away as running to something else—something better—running away to take charge of his future. He was improving his station in life, looking for work of his choosing.
jonathon acuff|Sometimes, you have to shot block a friend's prayer because she's asking God to bless an obviously bad dating relationship.
Paul Tournier|Let us not seek to bring religion to others, but let us endeavor to live it ourselves.
AR Bharaty|There is no playing safe with me any longer. I only take huge risks. I know this means I can lose big time, but so long as there is a chance that I will win big time, I will take it
Vinoba Bhave|Collective freedom provides the basic conditions for people to narrate their own lives, hold power accountable, and embrace a capacious notion of human dignity.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Somewhere, far down, there was an itch in his heart, but he made it a point not to scratch it. He was afraid of what might come leaking out.
Matthew Williamson, From the Inside Out|..and though my internal organs were Barry White, my stamina had skipped CDs and decided to be more Vanilla Ice.
Ina Catrinescu, Love of Fate|Your mind is like this water, my friend. When it is agitated, it becomes difficult to see. But if you allow it to settle, the answer becomes clear.
Tom Petty|For a time in high school, I had glasses, braces, and a cast. I like to call this look 'no date for homecoming.'
Azim Premji|A number of bloggers in economics and the financial sector have risen to prominence through the sheer strength of their work. Note it was not their family connections nor ties to Ivy League schools or elite banks, but rather the strength of their research, analysis and writing.
Lita Burke, Old Bony Blue Eyes|Acid gave me a clinical, unblinking look at madness, and I discovered I wasn't brave enough to be insane.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|If being brave were easy, more people would be.
Dave Guerrero|He was skinny with soft hair, and his thick, murky eyes watched as the stranger played one more song in the heavy room. From face to face, he looked on as the man played and the woman wept. The different notes handled her eyes. Such sadness.
Mary Balogh, Someone to Love|But marriage is forever.''Oh, not really,' he assured her. 'Only until one of us dies.'Her eyes widened. 'I do not want you to die,' she said.'Perhaps you will go first,' he said, though I rather think I hope not. I would probably have grown accustomed to you by then and would miss you.
Isabella Rogge, Sanguine Moon|Together we can take this world, and all those whose knees have never felt the sting of the earth will bow to us
Si Robertson|A mistake? The most passionate night of his life was a mistake? Her first time and that’s what she thought. That grated on him in the worst way. “Is that what you think, Beth?”“Don’t call me that.”“Why, Beth?”“You know I hate that name.”“Oh, so sorry, Beth. I do apologize, Beth.” He was being petty and he knew it, but he didn’t give a damn. She’d always brought out the very worst in him.She reached up and twisted his ear. “Ow!”“Out of my way, Robert Lemonade,” she said casually, pissing him off in the worst way.
Vanshicca Dhyani|The reason why some of us love when it rain is because it fills in the faults of our broken hearts and makes us feel complete, even if it is temporary.
Richard Dawkins, Science in the Soul: Selected Writings of a Passionate Rationalist|Men are excessively ruthless and cruel not as a rule out of malice but from outraged righteousness. How much more is this true of legally constituted states, invested with all this seeming moral authority of parliaments and congresses and courts of justice! The destructive capacity of an individual, however vicious, is small; of the state, however well-intentioned, almost limitless. Expand the state and the destructive capacity necessarily expands too. Collective righteousness is far more ungovernable than any individual pursuit of revenge. That was a point well understood by Woodrow Wilson, who warned: 'Once lead this people into war and they'll forget there ever was such a thing as tolerance.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Joy is the realest reality, the fullest life, and joy is always given, never grasped. God gives gifts and I give thanks and I unwrap the gift given: joy.
C.J. Anderson, Enter Ruinland|The imperfections of religions can only be understood by their unfollowers, not followers.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|Our vocation is not simply to be, but to work together with God in the creation of our own life, our own identity, our own destiny....To work out our identity in God.
Susan C. Young|You know what it feels like when you are out of alignment ~ physically, spiritually, emotionally, or mentally. It wears you down, stresses you out, and negatively impacts your health and well-being. Life becomes more of a struggle, tasks seem harder to achieve, and relationships take more effort. Once you identify what may be causing misalignment, take deliberate steps to close the gaps, realign your attitude and actions to feel dynamic and balanced again.
Miranda Lambert|For everything I do, I think about a 6-year-old girl and her mom that I saw at my concert last night. I think about what those two individuals would think if I were at a club last night. I never want to be arrested, and I never want to get a DUI, those are my moral values.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|Daddy,” said the toddler, now seething with righteous indignation, “you are a poo-poo head!”Feigning outrage, JFK lowered his voice. “John,” he said, “no one calls the President of the United States a poo-poo head.
George Carlin, Brain Droppings|It was my uncle who taught me about the birds and the bees. He sat me down one day and said, 'Remember this, George, the birds fuck the bees.' Then he told me he once banged a girl so hard her freckles came off.
Stella Oladiran, Winning Formulas|This catch-22 happens a lot to men. A man can sense that a woman wants to know if he loves her. He doesn't want to share those feelings because, if he does, she will expect him to marry her and be greatly hurt if he doesn't. In romantic movies, loving someone meant that you wanted to marry her. In real life, it is not always the case.
Elyse M. Fitzpatrick, Give Them Grace: Dazzling Your Kids with the Love of Jesus|Those straight-spined parishioners could justify their exhibitionism by telling themselves that they were setting an example, even educating the rest of us.
George Eliot|On the other hand, she was disproportionately indulgent towards the failings of men, and was often heard to say that these were natural.
Sylvester Stallone|Let me tell you something you already know. The world ain’t all sunshine and rainbows. It’s a very mean and nasty place, and I don’t care how tough you are, it will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it. You, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But it ain’t about how hard you hit. It’s about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward; how much you can take and keep moving forward. That’s how winning is done! Now, if you know what you’re worth, then go out and get what you’re worth. But you gotta be willing to take the hits, and not pointing fingers saying you ain’t where you wanna be because of him, or her, or anybody. Cowards do that and that ain’t you. You’re better than that!
David Dubal, Evenings with Horowitz: A Personal Portrait|We do not like the idea that any other creature can be better than we are. It is highly probable that if we ever have to face a superior race, we will die of it.
Erich Neumann|If we are enveloped in images, we are also enveloped in forms, in spirit, which is nature, and in nature, which is spirit. Daily and continually we associate with this unified world of nature and spirit without knowing it. But only the person to whom this association has become clear understands what is meant when we talk of Sophia as a heightened and spiritualized earth. But this formulation is already distorted as well. The earth has not changed at all, it is neither heightened and spiritualized: it remains what is always was. Only the person who experiences this Earth Spirit has transformed himself, he alone is changed by it and has, perhaps, been heightened and spiritualized. However, he too remains what he always was and has only become, along with the earth, more transparent to himself in his own total reality.Here also we must differentiate between the reality of our total existence and the differentiating formulations of our consciousness. Certainly, our consciousness makes the attempt to separate a spiritual from a natural world and to set them in opposition, but this mythical division and opposition of heaven and earth proves more and more impracticable. If, in the process of integration, consciousness allies itself with the contents of the unconscious and the mutual interpenetration of both systems leads to a transformation of the personality, a return to the primordial symbolism of the myth ensues. Above and below, heaven and earth, spirit and nature, are experienced again as coniunctio, and the calabash that contains them is the totality of reality itself.
John Ortberg|Courage is soldiers fighting on the front line, or people living on the bread line.
Nityananda Das|A few years ago, she thought someone had finally come to love her and accepted her unconditionally, but she was wrong. You couldn’t really define love with money. It was more than that.
|Perfection is a goal that will forever remain impossible for any human being to achieve. Therefore, the only achievable goal is to only strive to become the best that you can possibly be.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|We're supposed to strive for harmony, and that's what the art of tea is supposed to accomplish... but harmony is very, very difficult to achieve in this country. Tea ceremony is powerless. But it's also not such a bad thing either. You should enjoy it while you can.
Bessel A. van der Kolk, The Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind, and Body in the Healing of Trauma|Do not be disappointed if no one appreciates your true feelings, because they do not deserve them.
Stephen Batchelor, Confession of a Buddhist Atheist|I think we have underestimated their Gods; they have made millions stupid, and we are even not able to get one out of that stupidity.
Atom Yang, Red Envelope|None speak of the bravery, the might, or the intellect of Jesus; but the devil is always imagined as a being of acute intellect, political cunning, and the fiercest courage. These universal and instinctive tendencies of the human mind reveal much.
Wesley Hill, Washed and Waiting: Reflections on Christian Faithfulness and Homosexuality|I feel very strongly that all Japanese at that time had the idea drilled into them of 1999 being the end of the world. Aum renunciates have already accepted, inside themselves, the end of the world, because when they become a renunciate, they discard themselves totally, thereby abandoning the world. In other words, Aum is a collection of people who have accepted the end. People who continue to hold out hope for the near future still have an attachment to the world. If you have attachments, you will not discard your Self, but for Renunciates it's as if they've leaped right off the cliff. And taking a giant leap like that feels good. They lose something - but gain something in return.
J.M. Nevins|Every writer dreams of a perfect language. Every writer dreams of a language that obeys, that comes to heel. For some this language is spare and pure, pared down to reveal essential truths without ornament or obfuscation. For others it is devilish and twisting, folding back over itself to create layers of meaning, shades of nuance.A language that will survive through the ages.A language that will crack open the heart of readers like a hazelnut.
Brian Baumgartner|I wanted to be a pilot, but I was always drawing bodies. When I realised I wanted to pursue something creative, my parents pushed me towards architecture.
Matthew Quick, Boy21|Women.Lord God, I used to follow these girls. THey would come at me, those girls who were not really girls anymore. Grown up, wounded, hurt and terrible. Pained and desperate. Mean and angry. Hungry and unable to say just what they needed. Scared, aching, they came into my bed like I could fix it. And every time I would try. I would do anything a woman wanted as long as she didn't want too much of me. As long as I could hide behind her need, I could make her believe anything. I would tell her stories. I would bury in them. I have buried more women than I am willing to admit. I have told more lies than I can stand.
Robert E. Howard, The Savage Tales of Solomon Kane|Over the souls of men spread the condor wings of colossal monsters and all manner of evil things prey upon the heart and soul and body of Man. Yet it may be in some far day the shadows shall fade and the Prince of Darkness be chained forever in his hell. And till then mankind can but stand up stoutly to the monsters in his own heart and without, and with the aid of God he may yet triumph.
John Dominic Crossan, The Greatest Prayer: A Revolutionary Manifesto and Hymn of Hope|Love surrounds, softens and tires violence and force.
Guy Kawasaki, APE: Author, Publisher, Entrepreneur. How to Publish a Book|To be a writer, you must write. To be a published writer you must finish what you write and then get what you've written in front of the outside world.
Steve M. Robinson Jr., Ascendai: The Destiny Crest|It's said that we can all choose our own destiny. But sometimes, for a special few, destiny has no choice but to choose for you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whatever lies in the soul, can never be stolen.
Banksy|The thing I hate the most about advertising is that it attracts all the bright, creative and ambitious young people, leaving us mainly with the slow and self-obsessed to become our artists.. Modern art is a disaster area. Never in the field of human history has so much been used by so many to say so little.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|Worthiness should not be defined by the whims of magic weapons. Rise, my son, and let the hammer be damned. Rise and remember the hero that you are.
Umberto Eco|To the degree we're not living our dreams, our comfort zone has more control of us than we have over ourselves.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Even the tiniest poodle is lionhearted, ready to do anything to defend home, master, and mistress.
Colum McCann, TransAtlantic|So that originally, and Naturally, there is no such thing as Slavery. Joseph was rightfully no more a Slave to his brethren, then they were to him: and they no more Authority to Sell him, than they had to Slay him. [Genesis 37].
Ian Rush|I say to my colleagues never confine your best work, your hopes, your dreams, the aspiration of the American people to what will be signed by George W. Bush because that is too limiting a factor.
Anthony Powell, A Dance to the Music of Time: 1st Movement|Maybe that's why Claire had perfected the art of invisibility. It was a form of self-preservation. You couldn't resent what you could not see. She was so quiet, but she noticed everything. Her eyes tracked the world like it was a book written in a language that she could not understand. There was nothing timorous about her, but you got the feeling that she always had one foot out the door. If the situation got too hard, or too intense, she would simply disappear.
Guido Morselli, Dissipatio H.G.|Morire biologicamente, è il perfezionarsi di uno stato in cui ci troviamo già ora.
Tony Vigorito, Just a Couple of Days|A schoolchild should be taught grammar--for the same reason that a medical student should study anatomy. Having learned about the exciting mysteries of an English sentence, the child can then go forth and speak and write any damn way he pleases.
Janet Evanovich, Seven Up|You never want to look in a mirror," Lula said. "Men love mirrors. They look at themselves doing the deed and they see Rex the Wonder Horse. Women look at themselves and think they need to renew their membership at the gym.
Carmen Miranda|My father was so very afraid. I felt it in the sting of his black leather belt, which he applied with more anxiety than anger, my father who beat me as if someone might steal me away, because that was exactly what was happening all around us.
Alison Bechdel|For years I had a fantasy of a happy-ever-after ending. The first night I spent at the university my fantasy ended, because I thought a happy-ever-after was pointless. Because with my father I didn't want to hope for a happy ending but to have had a happy beginning. I wanted to have been looked after by Daddy in childhood, not finding resolution with my father as an adult.
Paul Krugman|The appeal to the intellectually insecure is also more important than it might seem. Because economics touches so much of life, everyone wants to have an opinion. Yet the kind of economics covered in the textbooks is a technical subject that many people find hard to follow. How reassuring, then, to be told that it is all irrelevant -- that all you really need to know are a few simple ideas! Quite a few supply-siders have created for themselves a wonderful alternative intellectual history in which John Maynard Keynes was a fraud, Paul Samuelson and even Milton Friedman are fools, and the true line of deep economic thought runs from Adam Smith through obscure turn-of-the-century Austrians straight to them.
Dan Grajek, The Last Hobo: A Clueless Detroit Kid Hitchhikes Across America the Summer the Seventies Ran Out of Gas|I would advise the curious reader to keep in mind the old adage “truth is stranger than fiction.” Expect the most outlandish, fantastic and unbelievable elements of this story to be true, and the more low-key elements to be fudged.
Robert Green Ingersoll|My father, who was a cabinetmaker, told me, 'Wood has a grain and if you go into the grain, you have beauty. If you go against it, you have splinters - it breaks.' And I took that as my view of life. You have to follow the grain - to be sensitive to the direction of life.
Javed Akhtar|When clouds of pain loom in the skyWhen a shadow of sadness flickers byWhen a tear finds its way to the eyeWhen fear keeps the loneliness aliveI try and console my heartWhy is it that you cry? I askThis is only what life impartsThese deep silences withinHave been handed out to all by timeEveryone’s story has a little sorrowEveryone’s share has a little sunshineNo need for water in your eyesEvery moment can be a new lifeWhy do you let them pass you by?Oh heart, why is it that you cry?
Jeff VanderMeer, Annihilation|It was a test of a fragile trust. It was a test of our curiosity and fascination, which walked side by side with our fear. A test of whether we preferred to be ignorant or unsafe.
Shiv Nadar|When I was a kid in junior high, I had an assignment to discuss how to rescue poor people in India. I remember my teacher at the time considered it an impossible problem. Now, we're not talking that way anymore. We're sure not talking about that for China. They're rescuing themselves thanks to globalization.
Bao Shu, Clarkesworld Magazine, Issue 108|The older they get, the better they get when they were younger
Paul Simon|By gold all good faith has been banished; by gold our rights are abused; the law itself is influenced by gold, and soon there will be an end of every modest restraint.
Samuel Daniel|I love the beach, and I love sunshine.
Madeleine L'Engle|By the time the Freedom Flights, to use the US description, came to an end, more than 260,000 Cubans had been airlifted to the United States, every one of them registered by the Swiss before they left Cuba.
Irving Kirsch, The Emperor's New Drugs: Exploding the Antidepressant Myth|When people recover from depression via psychotherapy, their attributions about recovery are likely to be different than those of people who have been treated with medication. Psychotherapy is a learning experience. Improvement is not produced by an external substance, but by changes within the person. It is like learning to read, write or ride a bicycle. Once you have learned, the skills stays with you. People no not become illiterate after they graduate from school, and if they get rusty at riding a bicycle, the skill can be acquired with relatively little practice. Furthermore, part of what a person might learn in therapy is to expect downturns in mood and to interpret them as a normal part of their life, rather than as an indication of an underlying disorder. This understanding, along with the skills that the person has learned for coping with negative moods and situations, can help to prevent a depressive relapse.
Lauren Kate, Fallen|Shut up," Daniel said, but he said it softly and so tenderly that Luce suprised both of them by obeying. "I don't think you're stupid." He closed his eyes "I think you're the smartest person I know. And the kindest. And..." he swallowed, opening his eyes to look directly at her - "the most beautiful.
P.G. Wodehouse, Love Among the Chickens|And now she stood outside the station with his flowers pressed happily to her breast, in all that red cardigan of hers, making the rest of the world look as if it was made in greyscale.
Bret Easton Ellis, Imperial Bedrooms|Women aren't very bright," Rip says. "Studies have been done.
Denise Di Novi|It is human nature, especially as we get older, to look for stability in our lives. But if you want to be a successful entrepreneur, you have to fight against that somewhat, as starting a business requires movement. You cannot stay still.
Kimberly Derting, The Pledge|Eden will stay with you." I glanced up at the blue-haired woman who watched us. "She promises to take good care of you. Right, Eden?"Eden nodded, curt and no-nonsense, a soldier to the bones.I glanced back at Angelina. "You trust her, don't
William Shakespeare, The Comedy of Errors|I've never been impulsive. It's always been in my nature to consider things carefully and then decide upon the best solution. Except, sometimes the circumstances change. Sometimes things get so complicated and so bad that your nature just doesn't matter anymore.
Matt Smith|I think, that if the world were a bit more like ComicCon, it would be a better place.
Elizabeth George|Church History is the record of God's gracious, wonderful and mighty deeds, showing how by his Spirit and Word he rules his Church and conquers the world.
Cherrie Lynn, Rock Me|You can't eat books, sweetheart.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|If the State uses this power systematically in order to force the community to accept a particular sort of money whose employment it desires for reasons of monetary policy, then it is actually carrying through a measure of monetary policy. The States which completed the transition to a gold standard a generation ago, did so from motives of monetary policy. They gave up the silver standard or the credit-money standard because they recognized that the behaviour of the value of silver or of credit money was unsuited to the economic policy they were following.
Voltaire|You despise books; you whose lives are absorbed in the vanities of ambition, the pursuit of pleasure or indolence; but remember that all the known world, excepting only savage nations, is governed by books.
N.K. Jemisin, The Fifth Season|We aren't human.""Yes. We. Are." His voice turns fierce. "I don't give a shit what the something-somethingth council of big important farts decreed, or how the geomests classify things, or any of that. That we're not human is just the lie they tell themselves so they don't have to feel bad about how they treat us.
Mister one|do not cry , you can focus the light spot with the eyes , the eyes of your heart . smile
Petri Räisänen|Some students are in a hurry to begin "real" pranayama. They go right to the later stages without first laying a quality foundation, and their practice often suffers. First find out what is. This is also part of the answer to the question Who am I?
Ross W. Greene, Lost at School: Why Our Kids with Behavioral Challenges are Falling Through the Cracks and How We Can Help Them|I couldn't make myself imagine Dad holding some creamy-faced baby, cooing at it, telling it he loved it. Taking it to baseball games. Living some life he'd probably consider his 'real life,' the one he deserved rather than the one he got.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Ethics|The world is not divided between Christ and the devil; it is completely the world of Christ, whether it recognizes this or not. As this reality in Christ it is to be addressed, and thus the false reality that it imagines itself to have, in itself or in the devil, is to be destroyed. The dark, evil world may not be surrendered to the devil, but must be claimed for the one who won it by coming in the flesh, by the death and resurrection of Christ.
Aneurin Bevan, In Place of Fear|Capitalism: Teach a man to fish, but the fish he catches aren't his. They belong to the person paying him to fish, and if he's lucky, he might get paid enough to buy a few fish for himself.
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|It was different to give something up than to see it taken away. The difference, Kestrel said, was choice.
F. Sionil José, Three Filipino Women|In order for love to be love, it must be chosen freely.
Joanne Greenberg, I Never Promised You a Rose Garden|The young, free to act on their initiative, can lead their elders in the direction of the unknown... The children, the young, must ask the questions that we would never think to ask, but enough trust must be re-established so that the elders will be permitted to work with them on the answers.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.
E.J. Stevens, Spirit Storm|Let the spirits guide you, but never let them take you.
Jo-Ann Mapson, Solomon's Oak|Although unanswered prayer is indeed a theme of the book, it is not the heart of the book, for unanswered prayer describes a problem but offers no solutions.
Daniel Gonçalves|When it comes to carving out a unique niche in the over-congested world of football ‘personalities,’ Jürgen Norbert Klopp has it down.
Thomas More, Utopia|It is even so in a commonwealth and in the councils of princes; if ill opinions cannot be quite rooted out, and you cannot cure some received vice according to your wishes, you must not, therefore, abandon the commonwealth, for the same reasons as you should not forsake the ship in a storm because you cannot command the winds. You are not obliged to assault people with discourses that are out of their road, when you see that their received notions must prevent your making an impression upon them: you ought rather to cast about and to manage things with all the dexterity in your power, so that, if you are not able to make them go well, they may be as little ill as possible; for, except all men were good, everything cannot be right, and that is a blessing that I do not at present hope to see.
Marty Rubin|I know that my buddy Jorgeson was a real American hero. I wish that he had lived to be something else, if not a painter of pictures then even some kind of fuckup with a factory job and four divorces, bankruptcy petitions, in and out of jail. I wish he had been that. I wish he had been anything rather than a real American hero.
Joe McNally, The Moment It Clicks: Photography Secrets from One of the World's Top Shooters|There is in fact something obscene and sinister about photography, a desire to imprison, to incorporate, a sexual intensity of pursuit.
Adelheid Manefeldt, Years: a book of tiny poetry|indelible waitingl'art poetique"..I will wait for the night to chase me..."I sit on a rock and watch children playingin the park belowThey don't see meOr know my thoughtsOr that you haven't calledBut I forgive them their indifference todayAbove me a crow cawsPerhaps he smells the crumbs on my dressOr my angerBut he flits away over the treesProbably has a homeProbably has a wifeProbably knew to callThe children leaveThe coffee in my can turns coldThe wind nips at meSome street lights flicker onBut I won't moveNot yetI will wait for the night to chase meBack where I came fromUp the empty streetTo a quiet house
Pope Francis, The Church of Mercy|Don't ever marry a person you don't truly love. Don't believe what people often say, that the love will develop in future.Those whose love develop in future are very few. If after a period of time you've been dating and the love doesn't seem to grow, I strongly advise you have to re-think.
Seneca|Leisure without books is death, and burial of a man alive.
Keith Ablow, Denial|Plenty of people who survive tragedies end up ambivalent about danger--frightened by it, yet strangely drawn to it.
Beverley Nichols, Garden Open Tomorrow|When the man was disgraced and told to go away, he was allowed to ask all the animals whether any of them would come with him and share his fortunes and his life. There were only two who agreed to come entirely of their own accord, and they were the dog and the cat. And ever since then, those two have been jealous of each other, and each is for ever trying to make man choose which one he likes best. Every man prefers one or the other.
Nikki Sex, Kink|When a person realizes he has been deeply heard, his eyes moisten. I think in some real sense he is weeping for joy. It is as though he were saying, "Thank God, somebody heard me. Someone knows what it's like to be me
Lyn Crain|Inspiration surrounds us, the creation is our responsibility as artists.-Lyn Crain
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|A revolutionary career does not lead to banquets and honorary titles, interesting research and professorial wages. It leads to misery, disgrace, ingratitude, prison and a voyage into the unknown, illuminated by only an almost superhuman belief.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|He had hopes, but hope wasn't a solution.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Oh when our hope be shakenOh when the trouble be overtakenOh when the storm be a token Oh when yet, we understand the solemn ways of our MakerThen shall our peace within be awakenThen shall our peace within be awakenOh when the peace we want, dwindles!Oh when the life we want is found in the shackles!Oh when the paradox of sleeplessness, makes us marvel!Oh when yet, we are shown the solemn path of our lives.Then shall our peace within be unshakenThen shall our peace within be unshakenOh when the storms of lifeseem to triumph over our livesOh when the relation with our makershakes at the appearance of the lightOh when life, shows its hazardous side.Oh when yet, we understand the solemn ways of God. Then shall our peace within be unshakenThen shall our peace within be unshakenOh when we rest in the belly of troublesOh when our skill seems not workingOh when the test seems not endingOh when yet, we understand the solemn path of GodThen shall our peace within be unshakenThen shall our peace within be unshakenOh when we are entangledin the worsened economic lifeOh when the hurdles of lifeescalates to the apex in mightOh when our strength cannot be our mightOh when yet, we are shown the solemn path of our livesThen shall our peace within be unshakenThen shall our peace within be unshakenOh when our achievements, be at the apex Oh when our joy, be made perfectOh when we sleep soundly in ferventOh when yet, we understand the solemn paths of GodThen shall our peace within be unshakenThen shall our peace within be unshaken
Pamela Clare, Defiant|What is your name, my pet?""Kitty," she replied.DeVere threw back his head with a guffaw. "Kitty? How delightfully apropos!" His erstwhile companions forgotten, he patted a muscular thigh. "Come then, Kitty, my sweet, little puss. Sit on your master's lap, and I'll stroke you 'till you purr."-A WILD NIGHT'S BRIDE
Mehmet Murat ildan|There are, as is known, insects that die in the moment of fertilization. So it is with all joy: life’s highest, most splendid moment of enjoyment is accompanied by death.
John Ruskin|People one doesn't care for, even dislike, make most of us feel uneasy when they appeal against their sentence.
Matt Mullenweg|There are two main methodologies of open source development. There's the Apache model, which is design by committee - great for things like web servers. Then you have the benevolent dictator model. That's what Ubuntu is doing, with Mark Shuttleworth.
Robin Rumi, Naked Morsels: Short Stories of Spiritual Erotica|Don’t live a normal life by default, push the boundaries of your potential.
Jodi Picoult, The Storyteller|But if you seek forgiveness, doesn't that automatically mean you cannot be a monster? By definition, doesn't that desperation make you human again?
Linus Torvalds|Some of my happiest moments are the ones I spend with my husband, a few close relatives, and a handful of very good friends who know me well and like me anyway.
Natasha Trethewey|I don't like a kind of workshop that is about editing--I don't want to sit there and be an editor. I don't want to tell someone how to "fix" a poem.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Rilke's Book of Hours: Love Poems to God|If there were a little more silence, if we all kept quiet...maybe we could understand something.
CLAMP, xxxHolic, Vol. 1|I felt a little guilty about jangling the poor bugger's brains with that evil fantasy. But what the hell? Anybody who wanders around the world saying, "Hell yes, I'm from Texas," deserves whatever happens to him.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|The sweetest and most heavenly of activities partake in some measure of violence - the act of love, for instance; music, for instance. You must take your chance, boy. The choice has been all yours.
Jurgen Klopp|I talk to people of different ages, and a guy who's 38 who says, 'I could've played Major League Baseball, but I had this knee injury...' Yeah, probably not. It's a big thing with men and sports, where they think they could have touched that thing.
John Stuart Mill, Utilitarianism|The creed which accepts as the foundation of morals, Utility, or the Greatest-Happiness Principle, holds that actions are right in proportion as they tend to promote happiness, wrong as they tend to produce the reverse of happiness. By happiness is intended pleasure, and the absence of pain; by unhappiness, pain, and the privation of pleasure.
Woodrow Wilson|The motto in the workaholic Silicon Valley is "Stop for lunch and you are lunch."
Amitav Chowdhury|It’s through challenges that winners’ thoughts are invoked. Through challenges, winners are inspired to think. Through challenges winners turn their dreams into reality. Through challenges, winners begin to lead. Through challenges, winners set forth towards victory, for nothing is sweeter than winning, especially when the odds are stacked against them.
Benjamin Suulola|Dreams are achieved by sweat, blood, tears and an iron will!
Amit Kalantri|You need a team for war, not for negotiation.
