Moby|No one is mocked with the yearning for that which he has no ability to attain. If he holds the right mental attitude and struggles earnestly, honestly toward his goal, he will reach it, or at least approximate to it.
Shel Silverstein, A Light in the Attic|Now I lay me down to sleep,I pray the Lord my soul to keep,And if I die before I wake,I pray the Lord my toys will break.So none of the other kids can use 'em....Amen.
Stephan Attia, Mythopia|But he who feels too much,He soars in angels’ tears of joy...
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|So, when on one side you hoist in Locke's head, you go over that way; but now, on the other side, hoist in Kant's and you come back again; but in very poor plight. Thus, some minds for ever keep trimming boat. Oh, ye foolish! throw all these thunder-heads overboard, and then you will float light and right.
Oscar Wilde, A Woman of No Importance|Pirates are evil!!? The Marines are righteous!!? These terms have always changed throughout the course of history...!!! Kids who have never seen peace and kids who have never seen war have different values!!! Those who stand at the top determine what's wrong and what's right! This very place is neutral ground!!! Justice will prevail, you say!? But of course it will!!! Whoever wins this war becomes justice!!!
Christopher Dines, The Kindness Habit: Transforming our Relationship to Addictive Behaviours|No one can control their results. We can, however, control our attitude. When we practise compassion, it is most effective when it is unconditional and free from seeking an outcome – compassion is a matter of choice rather than a self-seeking action. And so, if we assist another human being from a place of presence and compassion, we are not looking to find our happiness off the back of others’ suffering. Nor are we trying to control them. Compassion is a conscious choice rather than an emotional knee-jerk reaction.
Henry David Thoreau|Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood. All is riddle, and the key to a riddle is another riddle.
Boris Kovalík|Louis thought he would be all for a back-to-the-basics drive in education: a teacher, an olive tree, a bit of midday wine (the Greeks had watered theirs down to keep their heads lucid), and, last but not least, six or seven eager and receptive youths seated at one’s feet.
Anonymous|In my opinion, at least, the splendid achievements of Alexander are the clearest possible proof that neither strength of body, nor noble blood, nor success in war even greater than Alexander's own... that none of these things, I say, can make a man happy, unless he can win one more victory in addition to those the world thinks so great---the victory over himself.
Matthew Pearl, The Dante Club|Believe that when I am at once a man's friend I am always so-nor is it so very hard to bring me to it. And though a man may enjoy himself in being my enemy, he cannot make me HIS for longer than I wish. Good afternoon." Lowell had a way of leaving a conversation with the other person needing more from him.
Sunday Adelaja|It’s not about who they are, but about God’s principle
M. Leighton|I want to live. I want to live life with all it's emotions, all it's experiences, I don't want to miss anyhting. But I feel like I will.
Deborah Brodie, The Path That Gets Brighter: A Devotional to Instruct, Illustrate, and Encourage Kingdom Principles|Start today like a new beginning, and not a repeat.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|I understand now that the only time black people don't feel guilty is when we've actually done something wrong, because that relieves us of the cognitive dissonance of being black and innocent, and in a way the prospect of going to jail becomes a relief.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|The thing about the old is that we never change so much as the young. We slip in degrees, adding rings like trees--a new wrinkle here, a shade less color there, but the young transform like caterpillars into butterflies. They become whole new people as if overnight.
Ray Bradbury, The Illustrated Man|War is a bad thing, but peace can be a living horror
Alisa Hope Wagner, Eve of Awakening|God created us in His image, and He gave us an imagination with His imprint to create things for His glory!
Joseph Fourier, The Analytical Theory of Heat|It's true,' he begins, 'that the universe is this big, vast thing, and humans will probably never explore even a tiny fraction of it. But that doesn't mean we're alone or we're displaced from it. All these elements, everything around us, the building blocks of the Earth and life -- even the very air you're breathing -- originated from those stars. We're a part of them. Orion, Draco, Sirius . . . they're a part of us, too.'Just like that, I can't keep my eyes off Chance. Even Rachael is momentarily entranced, looking bewildered and amazed all at once.I can't help thinking about it, how we could've all come from different stars, light-years away. Wondering, maybe, if Chance and I came from the same star. If that's what they mean when two people feel they've known each other in a past life.No, not in a past life -- but that the building blocks of one person's existence could have originated right alongside that of another's.I wonder if that's why I can't seem to shake him. Why so much of my life has been focused on someone like him.'So we're all made of stars,' I murmur. So much for not opening my mouth.Chance twists around, a sad smile on his face as his eyes meet mine. 'We're all made of stars,' he agrees. 'We burn bright, then we flicker away.
Debasish Mridha|When you give away everything without expecting anything in return, only then will everything belong to you.
Anthony Powell, A Dance to the Music of Time: 3rd Movement|To a man and woman, all of her elderly patients had been surprised to be old - which Avery privately regarded as a serious failure to pay attention.
Michelle Madow, Diamonds are Forever|The thing about Americans,” she said, “is that you’re very concerned about everything all the time.
Cher Wang|It is literature which for me opened the mysterious and decisive doors of imagination and understanding. To see the way others see. To think the way others think. And above all, to feel.
Joe Queenan, One for the Books|Because to the poor, books are not diversions. Book are siege weapons.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Strength conquers weakness through force. Weakness conquers strength through seduction,the look and feel of ease, the illusion of rest without responsibility,and the hallucination of unaccountability in general.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Remastered|A lot of teenagers today are influenced by the mediaâ€™s depiction of perfection. I want readers to understand they donâ€™t have to follow the unofficial laws society creates, to be liked by others.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Does he love me? Does he love anyone more than me? Does he love me more than I love him? Perhaps all the questions we ask of love, to measure, test, probe, and save it, have the additional effect of cutting it short. Perhaps the reason we are unable to love is that we yearn to be loved, that is, we demand something (love) from our partner instead of delivering ourselves up to him demand-free and asking for nothing but his company.
bell hooks, Teaching Community: A Pedagogy of Hope|There are fashions in building. Behind the fashions lie economic and technological reasons, and these fashions exclude all but a few genuinely different possibilities in city dwelling construction at any one time.
Sarra Manning, Unsticky|Mostly she just missed Vaughn. Missed all those quiet, unspectacular moments that, when added up, showed how entwined their lives had become. And right now, she missed being able to phone him, because it would be so easy to tap in the eleven digits that would put his voice on the line. ‘Grace, about bloody time,’ he’d say, and make it sound like an endearment.But she couldn’t call Vaughn, because she’d left him. Which was a novelty, until Grace remembered that he’d have left her eventually if she hadn’t done it first. She was never the one. She was never even the one before the one. She was the girl who seemed like a good idea at the time, but ultimately was just a phase that people went through.That was the way it had always been. Friends and lovers came and went because there was something about her which repelled them, and she didn’t have a clue what it was. It was a mystery that she couldn’t solve on her own, and there wasn’t a single person in the world who could help . . .
Stephenie Meyer, Eclipse|I'm gonna fight for you, until your heart stops beating.
Priyanka Naik, Twists Of Fate|Through pictures, we cut reality in pieces. We selected only the choicest moments, discarding the rest as if they'd never happened.
Deborah Tannen|Friendships are the family we make - not the one we inherit. I've always been someone to whom friendship, elective affinities, is as important as family.
Sabaa Tahir, A Torch Against the Night|Oh, why had the Labyrinth brought me here?As soon as I thought this, I chided myself: Of course it would bring me where I least wanted to be. Austin had been wrong about the maze. It was still evil, designed to kill. It was just a little subtler about its homicides now.
Margaret Atwood|Here the children have a custom. After the celebration of evil they take those vacant heads that shone once with such anguish and glee and throw them over the bridge, watching the smash, orange, as they hit below, We were standing underneath when you told it. People do that with themselves when they are finished, light scooped out. He landed here, you said, marking it with your foot.You wouldn't do it that way, empty, you wouldn't wait, you would jump with the light still in you.
Spencer Johnson|Sadness... reflecting on the proud legacy of trust and fair play on which Reliance Industries was founded by my visionary father Dhirubhai Ambani, and how far RIL appeared to have moved away from those original values.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|When your world gets stripped down to nothing you may feel empty and naked—but this is when your space can be filled with what is new, and maybe even upgraded. Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana
Faraaz Kazi|Beneath her curls, I forget the world,With a mere gaze she raises my hopes of gold. Love is as much in her heart as in mine,But she doesn’t say it, her punishment so divine.
Melinda Selmys|Philosopher Jean Baudrillard made a similar observation about the use of material goods as symbols of immaterial values. He noted that any given material object has two kinds of value: it has use value (the amount of utility which can be derived from the good), and it has sign value (a value based on what the object means to the person who owns it.) Advertisers constantly attempt to increase the amount that people will pay for products by infusing them with artificial sign value. Emotional branding, for example, is the practice of using images to link a product with a positive emotional state, so that people will unthinkingly purchase the product when they crave the emotion.
Grant Morrison, Batman: Arkham Asylum - A Serious House on Serious Earth|Falling in love happens so suddenly that it seems, all at once, that you have always been in love.
W Anne Joh|Bailey, a former prosecutor, attacked her credibility scattershot, an approach he would use throughout the trial, particularly with female witnesses. ...He accused her, that is--without coming out and saying it--of being a certain kind of woman: conceited, disingenuous, and dissatisfied. The universal misogynist caricature.I'd never gone in for academic gender theories, but Bailey's cross-examination strategy--with Farrar and other women to come--convinced me that the culture of criminal justice has a fundamentally masculine tilt. Repeatedly, in a manner that I suspected was typical in modern courtrooms, he portrayed the female mind as intrinsically unreliable, ruled by emotion, immune to logic, prone to pettiness, swayed by lust, and corrupted by vanity. It rarely spoke plainly. It was seldom candid. It was composed of layers of hidden agendas. It put up a front, behind which was another front. It either aimed to please or to conceal, which were often the same thing. The only way to get the truth from it was to push and prod until it snapped. Make it angry. Make it cry.
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|He leaned heavily on the desk now, as if danger had strengthened him before and its lack now made him weak.
Naveed baji|These days I have a ton of things to smile about. I feel like an adult again. I hope by reading this book, you or someone you care about will see that there will be things for you to smile about, even small things, as you work to recover from a TBI or another disability.
Nathaniel Branden|If you choose not to live self-responsibly, you count on others to make up your default. No one abjures self-responsibility on a desert island.
John Mark Reynolds, The Great Books Reader: Excerpts and Essays on the Most Influential Books in Western Civilization|The Romans were a strong power before Virgil, but the Greeks had captured their imaginations. While Rome conquered physical Greece, Greek mythology had enveloped Rome. The Empire coul be confident in itself until a Roman poet matched Homer and harmonized Greek civilization with Roman ideals
Austin Kleon, Steal Like an Artist: 10 Things Nobody Told You About Being Creative|If her artist's eye had given her nothing else, it taught her to see beauty where few others noticed it.
Monet Polny, The Lincoln Spy|Amelia nodded her head, "That makes perfect sense.""No is doesn't," jeered Otto."Yes, it does,” sighed Amelia. "Don't you ever remember anything important?""Of course, I remember how many Star Trek seasons there were and when the Three Stooges were born!
Hank Green, The Lizzie Bennet Diaries Transmedia Booklet|You have no obligations to your former self, they are dumber than you and they don’t exist.
Stefan Zweig, The Burning Secret and other stories|The lover`s discourse was of an extreme solitude. The solitude was extreme because it wasn`t physical. It was extreme because you felt it while in the company of the person you loved. It was extreme because it was in your head, the most solitary of places.
Robin Sacredfire|The secret to success is no secret. Be honest in your words, be trustworthy and share value. Most people won't tell the difference, but those that do are your readers.
L. Lionel Kendrick|I have tried to protect myself against men, to react against their madness to discern its source; I have listened and I have seen--and I have been afraid of acting for the same motives or for any motive whatever, of believing in the same ghosts or in any other ghost, of letting myself be engulfed by the same intoxications or by some other... afraid, in short, of raving in common and of expiring in a horde of ecstasies.
Alain de Botton, The Pleasures and Sorrows of Work|For the rest of history, for most of us, our bright promise will always fall short of being actualised; it will never earn us bountiful sums of money or beget exemplary objects or organisations....Most of us stand poised at the edge of brilliance, haunted by the knowledge of our proximity, yet still demonstrably on the wrong side of the line, our dealings with reality undermined by a range of minor yet critical psychological flaws (a little too much optimism, an unprocessed rebelliousness, a fatal impatience or sentimentality). We are like an exquisite high-speed aircraft which for lack of a tiny part is left stranded beside the runway, rendered slower than a tractor or a bicycle.
David McCullough|To me, history ought to be a source of pleasure. It isn't just part of our civic responsibility. To me, it's an enlargement of the experience of being alive, just the way literature or art or music is."; NEH 2003 Jefferson Lecturer interview profile]
Avijeet Das|I closed my eyes, took a deep breath and dived deeply into her ocean of love and that's how I saved my soul!
Rebecca McNutt, Listen is Silent, or The Usurer|Tony and Peg have two kids, Terry-Lynn and Harvey, both of whom are enrolled in so many extracurricular and afterschool clubs that they hardly ever see their parents. If Terry-Lynn is in Girl Guides, she doesn’t have to see Peg inviting the Purolator man in for “a cup of coffee”. If Harvey is in the anime drawing club, he doesn’t have to see Peg kissing Mr. Cooper from across the street, even if all the other neighbours secretly know what’s going on. Tony has no idea, all he knows is that Peg isn’t the same Peg he married back in 2003. All he knows is that she’s changed a great deal, and not for the better, like a beautiful butterfly regressing back into a devouring, ugly caterpillar in the span of only a couple of months.
S.T. Joshi, Atheism: A Reader|Dawkins mentioned two mechanisms: the theory of the ‘primeval soup’ and the Cairns-Smith theory. He discussed the latter in some detail. Since no one has computed, for either theory, the chances of the events occurring, Dawkins could not tell us what those chances are. The mechanisms of both theories, however, have every appearance of being very improbably – even to the point of being impossible.
Francine Rivers, A Voice in the Wind|Rather than remain a sealed jar, she sought only to pour herself out to others. Everything she did mirrored her faith. It was as though every waking hour of the day she was devoted to pleasing her God by serving others. This God that she worshiped consumed her. It didn't ask for a brief visit to a temple, or a small votive offering of food or coin, or a few prayers every now and then. This God wanted all of her.
Shannon Hale|Seems like the world is spinning smooth without a bump or squeak except when love comes in. Then the whole machine just quits like a loud load of wash on imbalance--the buzzer singing to high heave, the danger light flashing.
Kenneth Clarke|As every new breed of virus is conceived, created and released into the wild, another small change is made to the anti-virus software to combat the new threat.
Miranda Dickinson|Falling in love is sudden, easy, and fun. It’s like a child going down a playground slide. Falling out of love is slow, difficult, and painful. It’s like watching a child die of cancer. ~ Ben Davis, Sr.
Francesca Lia Block, Primavera|Sometimes she has imagined what it would be like to fly, to live in the river, to run like a horse. She has dreamed of that freedom, that power, and fears the wildness in herself that wants to live as beasts live, moved purely by need and desire. She has felt torn between the heat of her limbs and the thoughts in her mind telling her to be careful and good and always calm
Elizabeth Stuart Phelps, The Story of Avis|Success for a woman means absolute surrender, in whatever direction. Whether she paints a picture, or loves a man, there is no division of labor possible in her economy. To the attainment of any end worth living for, a symmetrical sacrifice of her nature is compulsory upon her.
Imania Margria|When we can see the star of desire in our sky, we can use our wings of hope and our air of love to reach it.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Harry Potter," he said very softly. His voice might have been part of the spitting fire. "The Boy Who Lived."None of the Death Eaters moved. They were waiting. Everything was waiting. Hagrid was struggling, and Bellatrix was panting, and Harry thought inexplicably of Ginny, and her blazing look, and the feel of her lips on his--Voldemort had raised his wand. His head was still tilted to one side, like a curious child, wondering what would happen if he proceeded. Harry looked back into the red eyes, and wanted it to happen now, quickly, while he could still stand, before he lost control, before he betrayed fear--He saw the mouth move and a flash of green light, and everything was gone.
Cintra Wilson, A Massive Swelling: Celebrity Reexamined as Grotesque Crippling Disease and Other Cultural Revelations|He understood then that all his exploits as a reporter, the feats that had won him such recognition and fame, were merely an attempt to keep his most ancient fears at bay, a stratagem for taking refuge behind a lens to test whether reality was more tolerable from that perspective.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|Narrow all your interests until your mind, heart, and body are focused on Jesus Christ.
Kelsey Brickl, Wolves and Urchins: The Early Life of Inspector Javert|That is how the European tribes operate, she said, If they can't control it, they destroy it.
Debasish Mridha|Christmas teaches us to be loving, kind, giving, forgiving, and appreciating.
Ellen J. Barrier|Desire is inspired by motivation, which gives us hope to believe in ourselves that we can set goals and pursue them successfully.
Charles F. Glassman|There's actually nothing wrong with caring too much. But I guess you want to do that for the right people, right?
Nalini Singh, Branded by Fire|The reality is that we are in the hands of an angry God, who in His abounding mercy and love has given us a way out of what we so rightly deserve; Hell, the Lake of Fire and endless eternities without His presence!
M.F. Moonzajer|People consider Islam as the best religion of world; I wonder if best of them is that much worse, I am really proud of being an Atheist.
Meg Xuemei X, The Fourth Eye|None of us could choose our birth, but we could still chose our family, and only those who love you are your true family.
Sarah Manguso, The Two Kinds of Decay|I forget your name," I said."Most people spew shit from their arse," he retorted, "you manage it with your mouth.""Your mother gave birth through her arse," I said, "and you still reek of her shit.
Wallace Stevens, The Collected Poems|Profound thoughts arise only in debate, with a possibility of counterargument, only when there is a possibility of expressing not only correct ideas, but also dubious ideas.
Christopher Moore, The Serpent of Venice|I'm feeling full of tiny princes, bustling to get out into the world and start plotting against one another.
Ogden Nash|Which the Chicken and Which the Egg?He drinks because she scolds, he thinks;She thinks she scolds because he drinks;And nether will admit what's true,That he's a sot and she's a shrew.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Monsters and the Critics and other essays|As it so happens, Mr. Jest, I’ve sometimes come to believe as many as six impossible things before breakfast…
Linda Nichols|We will take a few moments and make fun of religious people, and we do this in love. No, we do, because we love to make fun of religious people.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|And when the Lamb opened the seventh seal, silence coverd the sky
Chanakya|Death is pitch-dark, but colors are light. To be a painter, one must work with rays of light.
Caleb Longbons|Music is power, literally. You hear a certain note, or a rhythm that really clicks, and boom! You’ve got a song. Maybe only in your head. But when you’ve got the idea, the song flows out through your fingers. Nothing else does that.
Steve Almond|You've got to make an effort to get the details right, because even through someone picks it up and knows it's a novel, they know someone's made it up and they know it's not real, if you make a small mistake they will cease to imaginatively engage with the story.
Julio Cortázar, Hopscotch|La Maga did not know that my kisses were like eyes which began to open up beyond her, and that I went along outside as if I saw a different concept of the world, the dizzy pilot of a black prow which cut the water of time and negated it.
David Hume, A Treatise of Human Nature|There is no limit to suffering human beings have been willing to inflict on others, no matter how innocent, no matter how young, and no matter how old. This fact must lead all reasonable human beings, that is, all human being who take evidence seriously, to draw only one possible conclusion: Human nature is not basically good.
Mary Catherine Bateson|From birth to death, anyone can fish. I just think it's fantastic to see old people going fishing with young people and teaching them things. I'm very, very critical.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|We 'have' all received on grace after another, but we only recognize the glory of God in this moment 'when we wake to the one grace after another'.
Karan Johar|'The Lunchbox' is the kind of cinema that is true to its word and not cluttered or corrupted by some of the mainstream pre-requisites. I love the way I make movies, but there are certain stories that need to be told in a certain way, and 'The Lunchbox' is that movie, and I'm so proud to present this movie.
Jennifer Grant|Every relationship I've been in becomes long-distance because of work. It's never worked out. It puts an intense strain on the relationship, and at a certain point, it becomes too difficult.
Shel Silverstein, Where the Sidewalk Ends|Another breath, left to translate
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|You get to decide where your time goes. You can either spend it moving forward, or you can spend it putting out fires. You decide. And if you don't decide, others will decide for you.
Ian  McClellan, One Undead Step|The dead have highways." Clive Barker
Kim Harrison, Dead Witch Walking|For desert, maybe we can split a couple of crumbs.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|It is easier to deal with one with an empty bank account than with one, with a broke mind.
Neil Patrick Harris|I'm the type of woman you might say is too good. I'll massage a man's feet, have dinner cooked when he gets home. But once they leave, the door is closed, and the locks are changed.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|You live, work and lead others in the most exciting time, ever! Are you strong enough?
Sam Crescent, She's Mine|SPIKE: I’m a biker, babe. It’s in my blood to get what I want.
Nikki Rowe|With you, it's different. It's like a coming home.
John C. Maxwell|A small group of thoughtful people could change the world. Indeed, it's the only thing that ever has.
Michael Oxley|I have had so many great moments, but I would have to say that dancing the Swan in 'Swan Lake' was such a unique and passionate experience for me. It was such bloody hard work, even at that very early age, that I would not want to try to replicate it again now.
Christopher Moore, Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal|I've tried to get the angel to watch MTV so I can learn the vocabulary of your music, but even with the gift of tongues, I'm having trouble learning to speak hip-hop. Why is it that one can busta rhyme or busta move anywhere but you must busta cap in someone's ass? Is "ho" always feminine, and "muthafucka" always masculine, while "bitch" can be either? How many peeps in a posse, how much booty before baby got back, do you have to be all that to get all up in that, and do I need to be dope and phat to be da bomb or can I just be "stupid"? I'll not be singing over any dead mothers until I understand.
Kamand Kojouri|Like freshly cut roses, I place life in a vase... of love.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|It is an illusion that youth is happy, an illusion of those who have lost it; but the young know they are wretched for they are full of the truthless ideal which have been instilled into them, and each time they come in contact with the real, they are bruised and wounded. It looks as if they were victims of a conspiracy; for the books they read, ideal by the necessity of selection, and the conversation of their elders, who look back upon the past through a rosy haze of forgetfulness, prepare them for an unreal life. They must discover for themselves that all they have read and all they have been told are lies, lies, lies; and each discovery is another nail driven into the body on the cross of life.
Margaret Fuller|We need to change attitudes. We can only change attitudes by working together. Government will do its bit, but I want you all to do your bit, too. So speak out, stand up against violence against women and girls, and that's the way we can eradicate it.
Hassan Fathy|If we do not master ourselves, we will be a slave to ourselves.
Roman Payne, The Basement Trains|Spanish rain,A maiden’s dress,Apothecary pillsAnd ancient thrills;Melancholy killsA girl’s caress.
Christina Lauren, Beautiful Bastard|You sure you don't want me to bring you back something?" Her eyes moved in the direction of his office. "A hit man? Some holy water?
Franz Kafka, Letter to His Father|In a way, I was safe writing
Aristotle|I have discovered that my interest in my dear pupil, Mabel, has ripened into a far deeper feeling than that of mere friendship. In fact, I know that I have learned to love her very sincerely.
Alexander Zalan, Petals of Decades|Nowadays it's more beneficial to act like a mutt, than understand reality.
A. Ashley Straker, Connected Infection|Sensing my delight at seeing his laptop, Tom asked me, "William, have you ever seen the Internet?""No."In a quiet conference room, Tom sat me down at his computer and explained the track pad, how the motion of my fingers guided the arrow on the screen."This is Google," he said. "You can find answers to anything. What do you want to search for?""Windmill."In one second, he'd pulled up five million page results-pictures and models of windmills I'd never even imagined.
Byron Katie|'The Panorama' is also the last place anywhere in New York where the World Trade Center still stands, whole, as it stood in the early morning of September 11. I can also see the corner where I saw the first tower fall and howled out loud. Seeing the buildings again here is uplifting, healing.
Jeff Greenfield|I can govern by bringing people together. And also, I've been tested in a way no one else has. I was governor on September 11th, and I'm proud of my leadership in bringing New York through that time. And when I left, we were stronger, we were safer, and we were more united than at any time in my lifetime.
A.J. Orde|War created the conditions for great advances in technology...without war men would not traverse oceans in hours, travel in space, or microwave popcorn.
Geraldine Brooks, March|To know a man's library is, in some measure, to know a man's mind.
J. K. Simmons|My overall quest is always to do something that's somehow different from whatever it is that I just got done doing. If that can include occasionally playing an older guy who has a romantic side and a romantic relationship, than that's a real treat.
Shakira|My uncle was an Elvis impersonator - his name was Perry, and he went by 'Elvis Perry' - and my work as a wedding singer landed me a spot in his act.
Shirley Jackson, The Haunting of Hill House|Walking out in the middle of a funeral would be, of course, bad form. So attempting to walk out on one's own was beyond the pale.
Immanuel Kant|Happiness does not come from football awards. It's terrible to correlate happiness with football. Happiness comes from a good job, being able to feed your wife and kids. I don't dream football, I dream the American dream - two cars in a garage, be a happy father.
Judith Butler, Frames of War: When Is Life Grievable?|The system wears a mask of civility, yet will quickly reveal its true nature in the form of magnificently-purposed violence when needed.
Pema Chödrön, Living Beautifully: with Uncertainty and Change|If your mind is expansive and unfettered, you will find yourself in a more accommodating world, a place that's endlessly interesting and alive. That quality isn't inherent in the place but in your state of mind.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|a grin that wasn't natural, and that combined in a strange way affection and arrogance, the arrogance of the idealist who doesn't realize how easily he can be fooled.
Ingmar Bergman|I got my sense of humor from my grandmother. You know, my grandmother was very funny.
Robert Ellsberg, All Saints: Daily Reflections on Saints, Prophets, & Witnesses for Our Time|Shall I ask you how the church is to be filled, if a man is neither to take orders with a living, nor without?
Theodore Parker, The present aspect of slavery in America and the immediate duty of the North: a speech delivered in the hall of the State house, before the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Convention, on Friday night, January 29, 1858|Sometimes carrying the burden of an upsetting truth, and hiding it, is actually a gift you give to someone else. You bear that burden, so they don’t have to, in a situation where telling them will change nothing.
James Fenton|There are physical characteristics which are inherited. These include things like good looks, high intelligence, physical coordination. These attributes contribute to success in life, and success in life is a determinant of optimism.
Elaine Stritch|I'm all in favor of animal rights, but I'd like to see the food movement take a much stronger stand in defense of basic human rights. If you're a vegan or a vegetarian, you should care about the people who are picking your fruits and vegetables by hand.
Rob Liano|There is no fault, only responsibility.
Tom Althouse|Advice saves you time. If you ask anyone over fifty, which is more important, time or money, they will ALWAYS tell you time.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|I don't have a car."His eyes sliced into mine. "I walked here," I explained. "I'm on foot.""Angel," he said in a way that sounded like he sincerely hoped I was joking.
Luigina Sgarro|They use fear to control us, they control us to make us afraid. One more reason to be brave.
Tõnu Õnnepalu, Border State|There is no literature anymore, there are just single books that arrive in bookstores, just as letters, newspapers, advertising pamphlets arrive in mailboxes.
Andrew Luck|I realize that as the quarterback, you have to assume some sort of leadership role because you have to talk in the huddle on every play, and you're essentially giving out orders to the team. But in my mind, I have to prove myself on the field before I can start asserting a leadership role.
Ellen DeGeneres|Love planted a rose, and the world turned sweet.
Umberto Eco, The Mysterious Flame of Queen Loana|If the path you are walking today won't lead you to your desired destination, then you are STROLLING
Amy Andrews|Did you jack off last night?”He swallowed, his throat undulating against her lips. “No.” “Really?” He wouldn’t be the first guy to lie about a quick wank. “Cross my heart. Got no sleep at all.” A surge of triumph shot through her system and her lips curved upwards. “You think” —she slid her hand between them and groped his dick through his shorts—“you’re going to last very long when I get on my knees and blow you?”Juliet revelled in both the unsteady timbre of his breathing and the feel of him in her hand. The power she had over him in this moment hit her right between the legs. “I think I will last an embarrassingly short amount of time.
Anna Fraser|I'd like to run away from you, but if you didn't come and find me.... I would die.
Debasish Mridha|Wake up. Watch the beauty of the dawn and the rising sun. Appreciate the beauty and your ability to appreciate it. Without your appreciation, there is no beauty. The sun created you to see her own beauty through your eyes. Find and appreciate all of the beauty around you. Life is for appreciation, love, and happiness. We express our love through appreciation and through love our souls feel the secret touch of happiness.
Raymond Chandler, The Long Goodbye|Run everything on a generator,” Haskel said. “Got to keep it a certain temperature for the stuff I carry. Not too cold. Not too hot. There’s shit in here, weather got wrong, it’d go off and blow our asses all the way to Mineola. Maybe out in the goddamned Gulf.”“I don’t like to travel that far unless I got plane tickets and a steward in my lap,” Leonard said.Haskel cut an eye toward Leonard. “You mean stewardess, don’t you?”“I don’t think so,” Leonard said, and let Haskel churn that one over.
Stephen R. Prothero, God Is Not One: The Eight Rival Religions That Run the World--and Why Their Differences Matter|Pretending that the world’s religions are the same does not make our world safer. Like all forms of ignorance, it makes our world more dangerous. What we need on this furiously religious planet is a realistic view of where religious rivals clash and where they can cooperate.
Jennifer Niven, All The Bright Places|I was so comfortable. I was warm and cozy, in that blissful, dreamy place between asleep and awake...Until my comfy pillow moved.And the blanket keeping me warm moved.I grumbled at them sleepily, and then my pillow and blanket chuckled.I looked up, trying to make sense of my thoughts, and I saw him.Cameron.My pillow and blanket was Cameron; a half asleep, chuckling Cameron. I groaned and let my head fall back on his chest, his arms tightened around me. "I wondered why my pillow moved."He chuckled again, and I could hear the sound resonate in my ear.
Debasish Mridha|Winning has a value for ego, but participation has a value for life.
E.M. Forster|I was yours once till death if you cared to keep me, but I'm someone else's now--I can't hang about whining for ever--and he's mine in a way that shocks you, but why don't you stop being shocked and attend to your own happiness?
Kevin Brownlow|I worked every day - Christmas Eve, birthdays - trying to become a great basketball player. Everywhere I went, I had a basketball.
Dalai Lama|When you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light, for your life, for your strength. Give thanks for your food and for the joy of living. If you see no reason to give thanks, the fault lies in yourself.
Dinaw Mengestu, Children of the Revolution|There are those who wake up each morning to conquer the day, and then there are those of us who wake up only because we have to. We live in the shadow of every neighborhood. We own little corner stores, live in run-down apartments that get too little light, and walk the same streets day after day. We spend our afternoons gazing lazily out of windows. Somnambulists, all of us. Someone else said it better: we wake to sleep and sleep to wake.
Virginia Woolf|Caesar was a man of great common sense and good taste, meaning thereby a man without originality or moral courage.
Saint Teresa of Avila|I guess what really forms you as a person is what you do within your family to receive love or attention. In my family, what you had to do to receive attention was to have good conversation at the dinner table or for me to do well at school, and those were really my focuses because that was what was valued the most.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|We can hide a lot of stuff until God shows up, for when God shows up nothing is hidden, which includes both our embarrassment and His forgiveness.
Steve Goodier|It’s good to remember that success may be just beyond the next failure, and you’ll get there, not because you’re destined to, but because you’re determined to.
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual|Time heals nothing. It only brings other issues and tissues, and takes what is incurable or unacceptable out of the center of our attention.
Harry Truman|In fact, if law were restricted to protecting all persons, all liberties, and all properties; if law were nothing more than the organized combination of the individual's right to self-defense; if law were the obstacle, the check, the punisher of all oppression and plunder — is it likely that we citizens would then argue much about the extent of the franchise?
Katherine Catmull, Summer and Bird|Rigor Mortis.” I say, almost as an apology. But he won’t have any of it. He locks onto my gaze. He doesn’t lean forward, but he doesn’t need to, suddenly the room feels like it’s filled with him. His presence floats in the air like a noxious gas, and I’m breathing it in. “Ike, you don’t get it. That’s why I wanted to talk to you. Do you think I have the right to talk to anyone? Do you think its fun to have a ‘human’ brain in a pet’s body? Sure, I have Kamu. And that’s fugging great, but guess what? Kamu is queen to be, and emotionally unstable.” I've never heard Rig talk this powerfully before, but he doesn’t seem scary, just sad. “And then I get someone else I can actually talk to, Ike, I get you. And you don’t treat me like I’m a pet and you talk about Kamu like she needs to be protected and you are there. You are there, and you keep being there, and the only one who’s ever there is Kamu, but now there is Ike. And Ike is perfect, albeit a bit dense, but perfect.” “Rig, I’m really sorry bu-“ I start, I don’t know how much more of this I can take. With each sentence Rig loses some of his force, he sounds more pathetic and lost. “I’m not done.” He pronounces the words in such a voice that it makes me shut up more than the context of the sentence does. “And all I want is to be with this boy who is there, this boy who is my friend, this boy who isn’t always caught up in politics. All I want is to have my one good break.” He finishes. I keep holding his eye contact, and his eyes, they already reflect hurt and rejectment. I don’t know if from me…or from life.
Deyth Banger|Poor men ... always make love better than those who are rich, because, having less to care about, and not being puffed up with their own consequence, they are not so selfish and think much more of the lady than of themselves.
Kayla Krantz, Survive at Midnight|You broke the chain, Luna. Of all his victims, you were the only one that ever walked away and he hasn’t forgotten.
Phil Knight|I think a simple rule of business is, if you do the things that are easier first, then you can actually make a lot of progress.
Alison Owen|If computers remain far worse than us at image recognition, a certain over-confident combination of man and machine can elsewhere take inaccuracy to a whole new level.
Ransom Riggs, Library of Souls|You're upset, you're cold, and you're wet, wouldn't you rather discuss all this over a pot of hot tea?" Yes, but I wasn't going to say so.
LL Cool J|Prime Minister Sharon, Prime Minister Abbas, I urge you today to end the designs of those who seek destruction, annihilation and occupation, and I urge you to have the will and the courage to begin to realize our dreams of peace, prosperity and coexistence.
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|Ugly and futile: lean neck and thick hair and a stain of ink, a snail’s bed. Yet someone had loved him, borne him in her arms and in her heart. But for her the race of the world would have trampled him underfoot, a squashed boneless snail. She had loved his weak watery blood drained from her own. Was that then real? The only true thing in life? His mother’s prostrate body the fiery Columbanus in holy zeal bestrode. She was no more: the trembling skeleton of a twig burnt in the fire, an odour of rosewood and wetted ashes. She had saved him from being trampled underfoot and had gone, scarcely having been. A poor soul gone to heaven: and on a heath beneath winking stars a fox, red reek of rapine in his fur, with merciless bright eyes scraped in the earth, listened, scraped up the earth, listened, scraped and scraped.
Jevon L. Mack, Love, Song & Dance|Let us fly, Madam Harpy Queen. Show me how you dance on the wind.
Stuart Hill|The devil is not the prince of matter; the devil is the arrogance of spirit, faith without smile, truth that is never seized by doubt. The devil is grim because he knows where he is going, and, in moving, he always returns from whence he came.
Sunday Adelaja|The only thing that could cleanse our society is when our messages is focused on diligence, hard work and been faithful in little
Camilo Garzon, Entombed: A proem in five stages|Having all these lies so that you could feel special. It’s time to let go of fantasy and imagined problems. It’s time to embrace the crude and harsh truths.That the existents, the discourses, the frameworks, your words, your meanings, and your definitions, all begin to fade, away, again
Avijeet Das|While outside the window, the raindrops pitter pattered on leaves that shivered and sparkled, inside we made love for the first time!
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Smartass Disciple: I've been searching for so long.I still can't find the truth.Master of Stupidity: Until you've lost and felt desperate, you won't be found.
Elizabeth von Arnim, The Benefactress|Many are the friendships that have found an unforseeen and sudden end on a journey, and few are those that survive it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|People either build a castle or a dungeon. The former by their virtues, pull people into positive edifices with gainful impression. The later by their vices, push people into negative huts with painful oppression.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|In 1930, the death rate for Milwaukee’s blacks was nearly 60 percent higher than the citywide rate, due in large part to poor housing conditions.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Who cares if you have a girlfriend, anyway?""I care" Simon said gloomily. "Pretty soon the only people left without a girlfriend will be me and Wendell the school janitor. And he smells like windex.
Rosemary Rogers, Love Play|Something inside him shifted and came to rest, as if it had found its proper place. It was like one of his sister’s wooden tumbling puzzles, like the satisfying click it made when all its many turning pieces were perfectly aligned.
Prabakaran Thirumalai|If you build your life on one and only person, be prepared for none and lonely life
Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game|Сè противречи едно на друго, сè протрчува едно крај друго, никаде нема сигурност. Сè може да се толкува вака, и сè може да се толкува обратно. Сета човечка историја може да се протолкува како развој и напредок, а истовремено без да се види нешто повеќе од пропаст и глупост. Зар нема вистина? Зар не постои вистинска и валидна наука?
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|No moment is too small to claim. Strung together, moments fashion a life.
Jenny Trout, Ashes to Ashes|Well, I always did want to go out in a Braveheart kind of way. I'll just have to think of something cool to yell before they cut my head off.
Brian Klemmer, The Compassionate Samurai: Being Extraordinary in an Ordinary World|We spend a lot of time trying to get more and more things, not realizing that those things can never fulfill us. Learn from those who have gone before you - stuff can never satisfy your desires, so focus on THE ONE who can.
Jasmine Warga|Guidance counselors always love to say, 'Just think positively,' but that's impossible when you have this thing inside of you, strangling every ounce of happiness you can muster. My body is an efficient happy-though-killing machine.
John Cleese|Do the best you can in every task, no matter how unimportant it may seem at the time. No one learns more about a problem than the person at the bottom.
Douglas Adams|No," he said, "look, it's very, very simple ... all I want ... is a cup of tea. You are going to make one for me. Keep quiet and listen." And he sat. He told the Nutri-Matic about India, he told it about China, he told it about Ceylon. He told it about broad leaves drying in the sun. He told it about silver teapots. He told it about summer afternoons on the lawn. He told it about putting in the milk before the tea so it wouldn't get scalded. He even told it (briefly) about the history of the East India Company."So that's it, is it?" said the Nutri-Matic when he had finished. "Yes," said Arthur, "that is what I want.""You want the taste of dried leaves in boiled water?""Er, yes. With milk.""Squirted out of a cow?""Well, in a manner of speaking I suppose ...
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|Kipster is a perfectly valid word,” Wendy argued, about to write down her score on the little notepad that had come with the game. “Okay, so what does it mean?” Mandy wanted to know. Wendy struggled to come up with an answer, and finally just changed the subject with school gossip. Mandy found herself just ignoring it… it always sounded the same, the same events, same rumors, same secrets, same affairs, but never anything of interest to her.“Well Sarah’s on drugs again and that’s why she did it in Mario’s backseat, but now she might be pregnant, oh, and that messed-up Seth kid’s been cutting himself again so he was sent away to Halifax last week, and there’s a festival in Wolfville but Kathy won’t go because Audrey-Rose is going to be there and they hate each other, and….”Mandy had learned two years ago to detach herself from gossip; she’d learned it from Jud’s death. Wendy may have been eighteen years old but she could be immature on the best of days.
Jose Andres|My team and I have reunited two elements that coexist with difficulty: respect and affection, because when they love you they don't respect you and when they respect you they don't love you.
Chris Matakas|If you want something more in life, you have to become someone who is capable of getting more
David Levithan, The Realm of Possibility|If she were running through the rye, if she were headed towards the abyss, I would grab hold with every ounce of my strength, with every scared beat of my heart, with every thought that could only be for her. And if I were to be running the same way, I’d like to think she’d do the same. But maybe her hands would be busy holding the book. Maybe she wouldn’t see me, too intent on looking for Phoebe from the carousel. Or waiting for Holden to hold her, to wrap her in the pages of his arms, to say she was the only one who truly knew him, as I plunged past her, sad to be leaving, and a little happy to be away.
Dan Simmons, The Rise of Endymion|No lifetime is long enough for those who wish to create, Raul. Or for those who simply wish to understand themselves and their lives. It is, perhaps, the curse of being human, but also a blessing.
Sanhita Baruah|I like his optimism,' I said. 'I like the way when he and some other rabbis saw a jackal in the ruins of Jerusalem, and the others began to cry, he laughed and said that just as the prophecy of the destruction of the temple was fulfilled, so the prophecy of the rebuilding would also be fulfilled. I like that.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Miss Bingley's congratulations to her brother, on his approaching marriage, were all that was affectionate and insincere.
Hadas Moosazadeh, Author|An absurd thing may drive us crazy, but this would be golden path to reach reality beyond our wisdom and imagination.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|And then, for an hour, he became aware of the strange life he was leading, of him doing lots of things which were only a game, of, though being happy and feeling joy at times, real life still passing him by and not touching him. As a ball-player plays with his balls, he played with his business-deals, with the people around him, watched them, found amusement in them; with his heart, with the source of his being, he was not with them. The source ran somewhere, far away from him, ran and ran invisibly, had nothing to do with his life any more. And at several times he suddenly became scared on account of such thoughts and wished that he would also be gifted with the ability to participate in all of this childlike-naive occupations of the daytime with passion and with his heart, really to live, really to act, really to enjoy and to live instead of just standing by as a spectator.
Steve Jobs|Here though, there are no oppressors. No one's forcing you to do this. You willingly tie yourself to these leashes. And you willingly become utterly socially autistic. You no longer pick up on basic human communication clues. You're at a table with three humans, all of whom are looking at you and trying to talk to you, and you're staring at a screen! Searching for strangers in... Dubai!
Carrie Ann Ryan, Love Restored|He wrapped her hair around his fist, tilted her head back, and kissed her. Hard. She moaned into him, and he pulled away.	"Possessive much?" she asked on a laugh.	"Just making sure these hooligans know you're mine."	Her brow rose. "Really? Yours? Talk about caveman."	"I'm a Gallagher, baby, I'm as caveman as they come.
Gail Devers|As an artist, you're thankful to get a shot at a story more than once, because it doesn't happen all the time. Whether you talk about 'Hamlet' or 'Death of a Salesman,' you always want to see what the next group of actors will do.
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|I love going out of my way, beyond what I know, and finding my way back a few extra miles, by another trail, with a compass that argues with the map…nights alone in motels in remote western towns where I know no one and no one I know knows where I am, nights with strange paintings and floral spreads and cable television that furnish a reprieve from my own biography, when in Benjamin’s terms, I have lost myself though I know where I am. Moments when I say to myself as feet or car clear a crest or round a bend, I have never seen this place before. Times when some architectural detail on vista that has escaped me these many years says to me that I never did know where I was, even when I was home.
Momus, Solution 214-238: The Book of Japans|Biologically valid races are not real, but cultural racism is, and we must understand how this cultural reality affects our everyday interactions.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|Dear Diary, the Heroine never cries.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|It's hard to know what to say sometimes, when someone does something so nice. It's hard to know where to look.
Neil Gaiman, The Sleeper and the Spindle|She wondered how she would feel to be a married woman. It would be the end of her life, she decided, if life was a time of choices.
Viswanathan Anand|I think when you come to Australia you immediately get the sense of fitness and taking care of yourself and being healthy, and it really shows.
Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita|And yet Praecursoris is not punished the same way, only because it is not practical, and he is needed for breeding?
Tony DiTerlizzi, A Hero For WondLa|Strength is not just in muscle and bone," Rovender said"That is right," Soth added. "Emotional strength is more powerful.
James S.A. Corey, Abaddon's Gate|Inevitably, Saul's faraway heart would turn to faraway actions.
Reginald Rose, Twelve Angry Men|Murdered by a kind of fear that seeks to obliterate any evidence that the world is different from the way they want to see it, from the way they want to believe it to be.
Eoin Colfer, The Atlantis Complex|Orion brightened. "I have an idea.""Yes?" said Foaly, daring to hope that a spark of Artemis remained."Why don't we look for some magic stones that can grant wishes? Or, if that doesn't work, you could search my naked body for some mysterious birthmark that means I am actually the prince of somewhere or other.
Bono|I live in a constant state of gratitude, thankfulness, and appreciation for the second chance I was given, so anytime in any film, when that is given to someone, I always appreciate it.
John Warner|Because all of us believe and understand in the fabric of the common bond of why we call ourselves American is to care for the men and women who wear the uniform; and when they take off the uniform, we care for them when they are veterans.
Widad Akreyi|I reiterate my dedication to advocating for effective preventive strategies to end gun violence once and for all. In the face of the rising tensions and the widespread proliferation of small arms and light weapons, we call on everyone to join us to build conditions that will make world peace more likely. We all know that the road to building peace goes through ending conflicts and silencing the guns.
Juliet Blackwell, Secondhand Spirits|If one keeps on adapting, their contribution will be limited. Theycan only imitate but never create.
James Patterson, The Angel Experiment|Fool that I am," said he,"that I did not tear out my heart the day I resolved to revenge myself".
Emily Arden, Lover by Moonlight: Deception: Book One|First crush, first kiss, first time I saw the oceanAnd dug my toes in the sandBaseball and summer nights, casting out when the fish first bite,First time I got a Chevy in my handsI thought nothing can touch that by a mileI thought nothing can make that moment seem so worthwhile
Charlotte Munro, Grey October|You are a bright light, Elli.’ His own breath hitches, a sound that I cannot quite grasp. His eyes are darkening, his lips tightening. His hands grasp me tighter and he moves closer, his mouth inches from mine, I can almost taste the sweetness and saltiness of his scent, the rich coffee beans and sugar, the vague spearmint. I say nothing, I’m not even sure I’m breathing.‘You shouldn’t have to see such pain, such blackness. You are too pure.’ His lips do not collide with mine, his skin does not brush against me, only his voice sends a shiver down every notch in my spine, trailing goose bumps over my skin. He tilts his head to the side, his lips gently brushing against my ear. And that is all. I’m not good enough for him. I’m not. That’s why… that’s why…‘Too pure…
Charles W. Pickering|There seem to me to be very few facts, at least ascertainable facts, in politics.
Julia Claiborne Johnson, Be Frank With Me|We find an abundance of anger and the desire to destroy the opposition in any competitive human environment. Hate sparks contest, and in the modern world, attorneys are the paid gladiators of warring parties. Attorneys are for hire to the highest bidder. Attorneys ply their trade by dealing in the commerce of anger and hatred.
George Selden, The Cricket in Times Square|The heat of autumn is different from the heat of summer. One ripens apples, the other turns them to c
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|Americans are so tightly wound, the way they kill themselves to get ahead. It's no way to live, I tell you.
Chris Tucker|Guantanamo allows us to secure dangerous detainees without the risk of escape, while at the same time providing us with valuable intelligence information on how best to proceed in the war against terror and prevent future attacks.
Anatole France|The law, in its majestic equality, forbids rich and poor alike to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal their bread.
Frank Beddor|Should' is my all time least favorite word. It’s this sort of guilt inducing, finger wagging word that we use to beat up others and ourselves.
Amit  Pandey, The Retro Man|I don't look girls in the eyes, I am afraid to fall in love
Ken Cruickshank|...a thriller's toughest trick: carefully assembling everything we think we know, until it reveals the one thing we didn't see coming.
T.K. Naliaka|Africa is a huge continent; it would take several lifetimes of thousands of researchers testing in hundreds of languages to collect a valid sample of anything, especially IQ. Most Africans do their schooling in a second language, not their mother tongue. How many people would accept to be tested for their IQ level not in their primary language?
C. JoyBell C.|How do you know if something is real? That’s easy. Does it change you? Does it form you? Does it give you wings? Does it give you roots? Does it make you look back at a month ago and say, “I am a whole different person right now”? If yes, then it’s real. The evidence of truth and reality, lies in how much something can touch you, can change you, even if it’s from very far away. Distance is only the evidence of what can be surpassed.
Kelis|My mom used to take me down to the Jersey Shore when I was 7, 8, 9 years old. I can remember being down in that area - Belmar, Seaside Heights, Asbury Park and all those places that I went back and revisited.
Tanmaya Guru|This is not India. There are people here from every part of India, but Bombay isn't India. Bombay is an own-world, a world in itself. The real India is out there.
Sorin Cerin|Without the absolute truth, to know the truth value of our own existence is beyond our strengths/limits/possibilities. 
Emily Henry, The Love That Split the World|Just because you don't know what you want yet, it doesn't mean that there's nothing to want.
Walter Isaacson|When the conventional wisdom of physics seemed to conflict with an elegant theory of his, Einstein was inclined to question that wisdom rather than his theory, often to have his stubbornness rewarded.
Sadegh Hedayat, The Blind Owl|I thought to myself: if it’s true that every person has a star in the sky, mine must be distant, dim, and absurd. Perhaps I never had a star.
Martin Luther King Jr.|May I say just a word to those of you who are struggling against this evil. Always be sure that you struggle with Christian methods and Christian weapons. Never succumb to the temptation of becoming bitter. As you press on for justice, be sure to move with dignity and discipline, using only the weapon of love. Let no man pull you so low as to hate him
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|The simplest way to enjoy lasting success in life is to strike a balance between your career and family. If one must suffer, never it be your family.
Andrew Luck|As members of Congress, we take an oath to uphold the Constitution and bear true faith and allegiance to the United States, not the Republican or Democratic party. I have been willing to stand up to my own leadership when it's in the national interest.
Michael Zaslow|Basically, I'm a romantic.
Lopez Lomong|The act of running is simple, one foot in front of the other. The art of becoming a runner is achieved through a new mindset and commitment to change, especially if it’s new to you. It’s tough, challenging, painful, sometimes lonely, regularly uncomfortable and often excruciating…but the rewards are second to none.
Lauren Groff, Arcadia|Her childhood had been magical, hours spent in ecstatic loneliness in the apple orchard, dreaming of foreign lands and wild adventures. Everything was new, down to bird song and grass blades. By the time she had reached adulthood, the town around her was like a grandmother who had used up all her stories and now simply rocked on the porch. The same flowers, the same streets, year after year. She longed for someone more exotic. A prince. A pirate.
Marissa Clarke, Chance of a Lifetime|I warned you the next time you spread your legs for me, I wouldn't be a gentleman. Did you expect a gentleman, Chelsea?" Rate St. Sebastian
Yuri Herrera, Signs Preceding the End of the World|The Victrola, the Movies, a lecture: such are the three American alternatives to Silence, Scandal and Squabble.Or else, get drunk. America knows no other devices to enable its inhabitants to endure either their own company or that of their fellow-creatures.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|This morning, I see the lead in my glass tumbler. A slim, bright glint, a silverfish. I feel it collecting in my blood, papercutting the lining of my veins.
Elizabeth Bourgeret, Pillow Talk: Connecting More Deeply to the One You Love- One Question at a Time|The more you communicate love in your relationship, you breathe new life into it.
Eoin Colfer, The Artemis Fowl Files|Who or what inspires you?""I must admit that I often read my own articles in scientific journals and inspire myself.
Jeff Hirsch, Magisterium|What did it feel like?"(Glenn)"A dream, kind of, You know? The ones that are so real you wake up and wonder if they really happened. And then for the whole day, you walk around in this fog like ... pieces of it are clinging to you and won't let go.(Kevin)
B. Smith|He(Prophet Muhammad) was Caesar and Pope in one; but he was Pope without Pope's pretensions, Caesar without the legions of Caesar: without a standing army, without a bodyguard, without a palace, without a fixed revenue; if ever any man had the right to say that he ruled by the right divine, it was Muhammad, for he had all the power without its instruments and without its supports.
Pam Farrel, Becoming a Brave New Woman|My bed is massive (I drown in it, and it doesn’t matter how big the bed is, my nightmares more than fill it)
Nick Flynn|By the time I'm nine I know the world is a dangerous place.  I've heard whispers about razorblades in apples, about Charlie Manson and his family.  But no one is offering any clear information.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|No, it is impossible; it is impossible to convey the life-sensation of any given epoch of one’s existence--that which makes its truth, its meaning--its subtle and penetrating essence. It is impossible. We live, as we dream--alone.
Tommy Tran|Creative writing is your ability to develop your inner tension, your libido, your supply of energy and electric charge, turning the charge into an image or thought, and wording the thought, thus contributing all the activity of your mind to the immortal culture of humankind and subsequently to your own immortality.
David Whyte|Poetry is often the art of overhearing yourself say things you didn't know you knew. It is a learned skill to force yourself to articulate your life, your present world or your possibilities for the future.
Ridley Scott|Pakistanis can't trust. They've seen in history that people, particularly politicians, are corrupt. And they're misguided by people in the name of Islam. They're told: 'Malala is not a Muslim, she's not in purdah, she's working for America.'
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|I just don't get it. You've been in love with this bloke since you were a kid, and he's never once got his hair cut short enough that it doesn't poke him in the damn eye.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|Even the juncture in history and the zeitgeist we live in is something we choose, setting the scene for the spiritual fodder we need to grow and achieve deeper elevation of our souls.
Anthony Duerr|Swifts,flushed from chimneys, catch fire and swoop like blown sparks out over the ramparts and extinguish themselves in the sea.
Robin Hobb, Blood of Dragons|He thought perhaps it was a woman's way, to come out of such a storm of emotion and pain as if she were a ship emerging onto calm seas. She had seemed, not at peace, but emptied of sorrow. As if she had run out of that particular emotion and no other one arose to take its place.
Bud Harris|When Dr. Jung said we must be able to look forward in old age to the next day and to look forward to the great adventure that is ahead, he was making life’s “imperative to grow” personal. As long as we are alive, we must be able to dream of the future, of a better world or better ways of life. We are also invited by our greater Self to dream new dreams of creativity and fresh ways of expressing ourselves, as many great artists have into their nineties.
Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography|I loved her for what I couldn't understand about her. Love searches for the mystery in the beloved, seeks the unknowable.
Kahlil Gibran|Our world needs brutality and cruelty to sustain its equality and justice. Without it, handsome guys and beautiful ladies will fuck everyone they want. And we all ugly people will wait holding our dicks in our hands.
Aristotle, Politics|It is of the nature of desire not to be satisfied, and most men live only for the gratification of it.
Joyce Rachelle|If this cursed and fallen worldholds such beauty as what I see,Imagine the beauty of paradisethat's gladly waiting for me.
Akshmala Sharma|If you want to fly, wear the wing of wisdom.
Julie Connor, Dreams to Action Trailblazer's Guide|Nobody introduces us to inspiration…it glows in our thoughts, it lives in our heart,It is all around us in the form of sunshine, in the clouds. It changes our reality - choice lies with us.
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|But if we are talking in terms of making progress in life, we must understand that "good enough" is very different from "best.
Melissa de la Cruz, Alex and Eliza|I shall love you and give myself up for you, as Christ loved the church and gave himself up"- then Alex looked into Eliza's shining eyes and added a twist of his own-"and I shall serve you with tenderness and respect, and encourage you to develop the gifts that God has given you.
Hayley Stumbo, One Hundred Breaths Later|Then you'd sob and sob and sob so hard you couldn't stand up until finally you'd go quiet and your head would weigh seven hundred pounds and you'd lift it from your hands and rise to walk into the bathroom to look at yourself solemnly in the mirror and you'd know for sure that you were dead. Living but dead. And all because this person didn't love you anymore, or even if he/she loved you he/she didn't want you and what kind of life was that? it was no life. There would be no life anymore. There would be only one unbearable minute after another and during each of those minutes this person you wanted would not want you and so you would begin to cry again and you'd watch yourself cry pathetically in the mirror until you couldn't cry anymore, so you'd stop.
Helen Mirren|Fresh from a costume fitting, where I had been posing in front of the mirror assuming what I thought was a strong position - arms folded, butch-looking...you know - I met with the woman in charge of Holloway police station. She gave me the most invaluable advice: never let them see you cry, and never cross your arms. When I asked why, she said 'because it is a defensive action and therefore weak.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|Poor black families were “immersed in a domestic web of a large number of kin and friends whom they [could] count on,” wrote the anthropologist Carol Stack in All Our Kin. Those entwined in such a web swapped goods and services on a daily basis. This did little to lift families out of poverty, but it was enough to keep them afloat. But large-scale social transformations—the crack epidemic, the rise of the black middle class, and the prison boom among them—had frayed the family safety net in poor communities. So had state policies like Aid to Families with Dependent Children that sought to limit “kin dependence” by giving mothers who lived alone or with unrelated roommates a larger stipend than those who lived with relatives.
Tracy March, Just Say Maybe|She longed to find out if the sparks would still be there, if her body would still quiver at his touch. 	When Rob arrived five o'clock sharp, Jordan had her answer.	He climbed out of the truck. Seeing her standing in the doorway, he walked very slowly toward her, like a predator stalking its prey. He was a man on a mission, and Jordan stood frozen to the spot. Rob stopped short in front of her and without any notice, cupped her face, and brought his mouth down on hers.
Seema Gupta|I loved him beyond madness being one soul one vein one body , which he never deserved
Sivaprakash Sidhu Sivaprakash Gopal sivaprakash sidhu|Without action to back them, your affirmations become the soundtrack of your personal imprisonment; the creed of your stagnancy.
Terry Eagleton, Literary Theory: An Introduction|Are your principles not engraved in all hearts, and in order to learn your laws is it not enough to go back into oneself and listen to the voice of one's conscience in the silence of the passions? There you have true philosophy. Let us learn to be satisfied with that, and without envying the glory of those famous men who are immortalized in the republic of letters, let us try to set between them and us that glorious distinction which people made long ago between two great peoples: one knew how to speak well; the other how to act well.
Andrena Sawyer|I can't bring myself to watch yet another video, not because I don't care, but because we're all just a few videos away from becoming completely desensitized. The public execution of Black folks will never be normal.
Bill Hicks|No one ever tells us the truth, even those we love.
Norman Schwarzkopf|The lesson of the Cold War is that against nuclear weapons, only nuclear weapons can hold the peace.
Kevin  Walker, These Moments Pass: Poems|No matter the disappointment, you simply cannot divorce your favorite team.
Philippa Gregory, The Constant Princess|War does not answer war, war does not finish war. The only ending is peace.
Robert M. Fowler|We do not teach and practice community of goods but we teach and testify the Word of the Lord, that all true believers in Christ are of one body (I Cor. 12:13), partakers of one bread (I Cor. 10:17), have one God and one Lord (Eph. 4). Seeing then that they are one, . . . it is Christian and reasonable that they also have divine love among them and that one member cares for another, for both the Scriptures and nature teach this. They show mercy and love, as much as is in them. They do not suffer a beggar among them. They have pity on the wants of the saints. They receive the wretched. They take strangers into their houses. They comfort the sad. They lend to the needy. They clothe the naked. They share their bread with the hungry. They do not turn their face from the poor nor do they regard their decrepit limbs and flesh (Isa. 58). This is the kind of brotherhood we teach.
Edward T. Welch, Running Scared: Fear, Worry, and the God of Rest|You’re not responsible for everything. Your brother is an adult. So are Winnifred and Poppy. They agreed with your decision, didn’t they?” “Yes, but Leo wasn’t in his right mind. He still isn’t. And Win is frail, and—” “You like to blame yourself, don’t you? Come walk with me.” She set her empty wine cup at the corner of the stall, feeling light-headed. The second cup of wine had been a mistake. And going anywhere with Rohan, with night deepening and revelry all around them, would be yet another. But as she looked into his hazel eyes, she felt absurdly reckless. Just a few stolen minutes … she couldn’t resist the lawless mischief of his smile. “My family will worry if I don’t rejoin them soon.” “They know you’re with me.” “That’s why they’ll worry,” she said, making him laugh.
Laurence Scott, The Four-Dimensional Human: Ways of Being in the Digital World|I apologize to my priestess. I underestimated her. I equated her with the global media, which is where I found those easily digestible raw materials for my banal and bourgeois account of My Life with Poor Terminal Celestine. There are so many blogs and articles in the 'Living' sections of online newspapers pouring out the synthetic emotions and the mundane details and the shocking bodily consequences of any disease you can think of or even invent. Honestly, Celestine and I felt we had to fully understand the phenomenon of the internet, because consumerism and the internet had fused, they had become one thing, even though on a certain level it was anathema to us, noxious to the strange, introverted, and, yes, relentlessly snob personal culture we had spent years developing together. But also we realized we needed the net in order to understand what was the basic human condition, what a current human being really was, because we had lost touch with that, our students made that clear to us, and so we were also using the internet to research our roles playing normal human beings.
Jean-Paul Marat|Don’t be deceived when they tell you things are better now. Even if there’s no poverty to be seen because the poverty’s been hidden. Even if you ever got more wages and could afford to buy more of these new and useless goods which industries foist on you and even if it seems to you that you never had so much, that is only the slogan of those who still have much more than you. Don’t be taken in when they paternally pat you on the shoulder and say that there’s no inequality worth speaking of and no more reason to fight because if you believe them they will be completely in charge in their marble homes and granite banks from which they rob the people of the world under the pretence of bringing them culture. Watch out, for as soon as it pleases them they’ll send you out to protect their gold in wars whose weapons, rapidly developed by servile scientists, will become more and more deadly until they can with a flick of the finger tear a million of you to pieces.
Frank B. Wilderson III|... Mr Jellyband was indeed a typical rural John Bull of those days --- the days when our prejudiced insularity was at its height, when to an Englishman, be he lord, yeoman, or peasant, the whole of the continent of Europe was a den of immorality and the rest of the world an unexploited land of savages and cannibals.
Steven Cuoco|Ohana means family, family means nobody gets left behind or forgotten.
David Foster Wallace|Talent is useful, but always keep your dagger sharp.
Edward Everett Hale|Do you pray for the senators, Dr. Hale?' someone asked the chaplain. No, I look at the senators and I pray for the country.
Donald Miller, Searching for God Knows What|Some Christians believe the harder that one thinks, the colder faith will grow. Augustine grew more brilliant as he grew more pious, more creative as he became more orthodox. His period of heresy was imitative, but his traditional Christianity took mental risks.
Kevyn Aucoin|Audrey had an angelic quality about her. She didn't act like she was better than everyone, she just had a presence, an energy, a sort of light coming from within her that was overwhelming.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|The times you lived through, the people you shared those times with — nothing brings it all to life like an old mix tape. It does a better job of storing up memories than actual brain tissue can do. Every mix tape tells a story. Put them together, and they can add up to the story of a life.
Jacques Villeneuve|I don't take for granted all the blessings that I have, and as soon as I heard about Computers for Youth, I really wanted to be involved. Anyone who knows me knows how much time I spend on computers. I'm a computer addict. Every young person deserves to have a computer in his or her home.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|We need more people in this world, energised by chasing a quest or a goal and that is what will energise the world.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|An atmosphere of sympathetic influence encircles every human being; and the man or woman who feels strongly, healthily and justly, on the great interests of humanity, is a constant benefactor to the human race.
Sara Poole, Poison|It was only after my head started reeling and my body started weaving and I tumbled into bed that I'd hear that soothing voice singing...The reverbations of that voice wandered sweetly, softly, working like a massage on the area of my heart that was the most tightly clenched, helping those knots to loosen. It was like the rush of waves, and like the laughter of people I'd met in all kinds of places, people I'd become friendly with and then separated from, and like the kind words all those people had said to me, and like the mewing of a cat I had lost, and like the mixture of noises that rang in the background in a place that was dear to me, a place far away, a place that no longer existed, and like the rushing of trees that whisked past my ears as I breathed in a scent of fresh greenery on a trip someplace... the voice was like a combination of all this.
E. Jamie, The Vendetta|And your fear boils my fu*king blood Angel, makes me fu*king hungry, do you know that? ~Sade~
Molly Ivins|But it is not enough for me to stand before you tonight and condemn riots. It would be morally irresponsible for me to do that without, at the same time, condemning the contingent, intolerable conditions that exist in our society. These conditions are the things that cause individuals to feel that they have no other alternative than to engage in violent rebellions to get attention. And I must say tonight that a riot is the language of the unheard. And what is it America has failed to hear? It has failed to hear that the plight of the negro poor has worsened over the last twelve or fifteen years. It has failed to hear that the promises of freedom and justice have not been met. And it has failed to hear that large segments of white society are more concerned about tranquility and the status quo than about justice and humanity.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Draco, do it, or stand aside so one of us -" screeched the woman, but at that precise moment the door to the ramparts burst open once more and there stood Snape, his wand clutched in his hand as his black eyes swept the scene, from Dumbledore slumped against the wall, to the four Death Eaters, including the enraged werewolf, and Malfoy."We've got a problem, Snape," said the lumpy Amycus, whose eyes and wand were fixed alike upon Dumbledore, "the boy doesn't seem able -"But somebody else had spoken Snape's name, quite softly."Severus ..."The sound frightened Harry beyond anything he had experienced all evening. For the first time, Dumbledore was pleading.Snape said nothing, but walked forwards and pushed Malfoy roughly out of the way. The three Death Eaters fell back without a word. Even the werewolf seemed cowed.Snape gazed for a moment at Dumbledore, and there was revulsion and hatred etched in the harsh lines of his face."Severus ... please ..."Snape raised his wand and pointed it directly at Dumbledore. "Avada Kedavra!
Lynne Stringer, The Heir|It was painful to have him so near, yet beyond my reach.
Haritha Velpureddy|You do not deserve what you think you deserve, But you Deserve what you do.
Deborah Meyler|I look up at the ceiling, at all the hardcover fiction. So very few people want it. It is operating as insulation rather than stock. The argument rages on about whether it is better to have books or ebooks, but while everyone gets heated about the choices, the hardcover fiction molders quietly away.
Phyllis George|Understanding the long, sordid history of gun control in America is key to understanding the dangers of disarming.
Lia Davis|Her blond hair hung loose, cascading around her shoulders, and stopping over her breasts. She turned toward him, violet eyes meeting his gaze. For a moment, he lost all coherent thought.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|Darkness doesn't fall at a predictable schedule. Darkness can overwhelm you any time of the day, as you know well.
Scott Stabile|I do love you, but I can no longer wait for you to figure out how to love me in a way that makes us both feel good.
Mike Birbiglia|Ultimately, the only people who are in any way edified by hanging with famous people are you at the age of 11 and your mom.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Determining dreams is the business of God, But He might let me know what it means, what you saw.
William Bradford, Of Plymouth Plantation, 1620-1647|Having, then, once introduced an element of inconsistency into his system, he was far too consistent not to be inconsistent consistently, and he lapsed ere long into an amiable indifferentism which to outward appearance differed but little from the indifferentism …
Russ  Michael|Just as a woman's eyes are the mirrors of her soul, her shapely bottom is her seat of learning.
James W. Bodden, The Red Light Princess|Setting fire to the roofs, getting away with the loot, suiting herself. She studied modern philosophy, read Sartre on the side, smoked Gitanes, and cultivated a look of bored contempt. But inwardly, she was seething with unfocused excitement, and looking for someone to worship.
Ronnie O'Sullivan|I was in New York for a little while, doing some really bad theater. I did some great stuff, too, but there were Saturday morning theater performances in one-third-filled church basements. So, I paid my dues.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Seeds do not make a sound when growing, but can even reach the sky. Learn from them.
Fyodor Sologub, Little Demon (Literary Monuments) / Melkiy Bes|Indeed a lie is often more plausible than the truth. "Almost" always. The truth, of course, is never very plausible.
Shirley Jackson, Let Me Tell You: New Stories, Essays, and Other Writings|In my own experience, contacts with the big world outside the typewriter are puzzling and terrifying; I don’t think I like reality very much. Principally, I don’t understand people outside; people in books are sensible and reasonable, but outside there is no predicting what they will do.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you have never known happiness and sorrow, then you have not fully experience life.
Sam Harris|Or was Chris thinking, as I was, that if we went tothe police and told our story, our faces would be splashed on the frontpages of every newspaper in the country? Would the glare of publicitymake up for what we'd lose? Our privacy-our need to stay together?Could we lose each other just to get even?
Morrissey|And I have to speculate that God himself did make us into corresponding shapes, like puzzle pieces from the clay.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Hush, Hush|Grant kissed my neck that I offered up like a willing victim in True Blood. Take me... Bite me. Lick me. Oh this was madness! Glorious, wonderful madness!" -JulieFrom: A New Addiction
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Agency in fiction has to exist in the context of the worldview. Otherwise agency is not just meaningless or unconvincing, it is often laughable. Unfortunately, agency is often thoughtlessly given to characters who would not have it in reality. p.189
Devon Monk|Whether you approach your dreams on soft feet or in a breathless run, just so long as you acknowledge that your dreams are valuable and worthy of pursuing, then you’ve made it.
Dorothea Dix|Man is important in one sense only. He was made in the image of God: That is his importance. He is not important for his body, ego, or personality. His constant affirmation of ego-consciousness is the source of all his problems.
Miley Cyrus|...But friends, those I wanted to please? There are so few, so few... and you're one of them. You... because you have such a gift for life. You grab hold of it with both hands. You move, you dance, you know how to make the rain and the sunshine in a home. You have this incredible gift for making people around you happy. You're so at ease, so at ease on this little planet...
Michael Porter|If we could get your subconscious mind to agree with your conscious mind about being happy, that's when your positive thoughts work.
Michael Munro|when that small Siberian bird fell out of the sky over Gray's River, not once but twice, he brought with him the sweetness of chance in any place, the certainty of wonder in all places. And if that's not grace, I don't know what it.
Winna Efendi, Draf 1: Taktik Menulis Fiksi Pertamamu|Menjadi penulis adalah sebuah perjalanan panjang, yang tidak selalu diisi oleh hal-hal yang menyenangkan. Akan selalu ada kritik, akan selalu ada komentar negatif, akan selalu ada kesalahan. Yang terpenting adalah kita belajar dari kesalahan-kesalahan tersebut dan bangkit untuk menggapai mimpi kita.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|I wanted to crawl in between those black lines of print, the way you crawl through a fence, and go to sleep under that beautiful big green fig-tree.
NoViolet Bulawayo, We Need New Names|Men canreturn to where they have done evil deeds,but men do not return to where they’ve beenabased. On this point God’s design and ourown feeling of abasement coincideso absolutely that we quit: the night,the rotting beast, the exultant mobs, our homes,our hearthfires, Bacchus in a vacant lotembracing Ariadne in the dark.
William Ritter, The Dire King|More than the attraction - like a magnetic pull - between us, more than the tiny nagging voice that said he wouldn't hesitate to drink my blood and what then? Did he give me any reason to trust him? As far as a reason not to trust him, this was a reason, right here.
Xue Yun|The bravest souls I know are those who are willing to risk having the entire world turns its back on them, and all they’ve ever wanted to do – and they would lay down their lives to do it,because there is no other way to defeat truth– is simply, to tell the worldwith their whole heart their story.
adelaja precious|Failure is not able to have what you planned for, you planning for 'F' and having 'A' is a failure. Success is having what you do expect or planned, having 'F' when you planned for it is a success. Miracle is having a success you dont planned for, it breaks the law.
Nicole Krauss, Great House|She struggled with her sadness, but tried to conceal it, to divide it into smaller and smaller parts and scatter these in places she thought no one would find them. But often I did - with time I learned where to look - and tried to fit them together. It pained me that she felt she couldn't come to me with it, but I knew it would hurt her more to know that I'd uncovered what she hadn't intended for me to find. In some fundamental way I think she objected to being known. Or resented it even as she longed for it. It offended her sense of freedom. But it isn't possible to simply look upon a person one loves in tranquility, content to regard her in bafflement.
Lee Ellis, Leading With Honor: Leadership Lessons from the Hanoi Hilton|As is often the case with children, the rule of ‘monkey see, monkey do’ plays out in the workplace. It’s hard to be good role model, and it’s one of the greatest challenges of leadership.
Chirag Tulsiani|Dissection ... teaches us that the body of man is made up of certain kinds of material, so differing from each other in optical and other physical characters and so built up together as to give the body certain structural features. Chemical examination further teaches us that these kinds of material are composed of various chemical substances, a large number of which have this characteristic that they possess a considerable amount of potential energy capable of being set free, rendered actual, by oxidation or some other chemical change. Thus the body as a whole may, from a chemical point of view, be considered as a mass of various chemical substances, representing altogether a considerable capital of potential energy.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni|Because it is the lot of mothers to remember what no one else cares to, Mrs. Dutta thinks. To tell them over and over until they are lodged, perforce, in family lore. We are the keepers of the heart's dusty corners.
Debasish Mridha|Believe that you are successful, dream it every day, soon you will find that you are successful.
Steven Redhead, The Solution|We need to make our own miracles, it is a wasted exercise to just wait for miracles to happen; they need a spark of energy and desire to make them come true.
Rollo May|Now, I believe in life, and I believe in the joy of human existence, but these things cannot be experienced except as we also face the despair, also face the anxiety that every human being has to face if he lives with any creativity at all.
George Crook|When men take pleasure in feeling their minds elevated with strong drink, and so indulge their appetite as to disorder their understandings, neglect their duty as members of a family or civil society, and cast off all regard to religion, their case is much to be pitied.
Daniel Englisch|And like an epiphany just landed on my shoulder, everything feels right. A calming acceptance settles over me, and I know, that even through the twists and uncertainty of time, it's okay if my heart sometimes leads me.
Tracy Guzeman, The Gravity of Birds|Dear Producers, Something is radiating deep within me and it must be transmitted or I will implode and the world will suffer a great loss, unawares. Epic are the proportions of my soul, yet without a scope who cares am I? This is why I must but must be one of the inhabitants of MTV's "Real World." Only there, burning brightly into a million dazzled eyes, will my as yet uncontoured self assume the beauteous forms that are not just its own, but an entire market niche's, due. I am a Kirk Cameron-Kurt Cobain figure, roguishly quirky, dandified but down to earth, kooky but comprehensible; denizen of the growing penumbra between alternative and mainstream culture; angsty prophet of the already bygone apocalypse, yet upbeat, stylish and sexy!Oscar Wilde wrote, "Good artists exist in what they make, and consequently are perfectly uninteresting in what they are. A great poet, a really great poet, is the most unpoetical of all creatures. But inferior poets are absolutely fascinating... [they] live the poetry [they] cannot write." As with Dorian Gray, life is my art! Oh MTV, take me, make me, wake me from my formless slumbers and place me in the dreamy Real World of target marketing.
Jennifer Bardsley|Alton shifted so he could talk to the man. He'd been to earth before and watched some of the silly shows, the ones where one cop would play the good guy and the other the bad buy. Ena was definitely the bad dragon in this scenario, her eyes glowing bright green, threatening, a little bit of smoke coming out of her nostrils. She was fire breathing mad.
Oliver Sacks, The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat and Other Clinical Tales|But the saddest difference between them was that Zazetsky, as Luria said, 'fought to regain his lost faculties with the indomitable tenacity of the damned,' whereas Dr P. was not fighting, did not know what was lost. But who was more tragic, or who was more damned -- the man who knew it, or the man who did not?
Colleen Hoover, Maybe Someday|Every kind of love, it seems, is the only one. It doesn’t happen twice. And I never expected that you could have a broken heart and love with it too, so much that it doesn’t seem broken at all.
Terry Pratchett, Monstrous Regiment|But before he could either comfort me or commit further acts of violence upon my person, I spun away from him and made my drama queen moment complete by running away.
Sophocles|To know one's self is wisdom, but not to know one's neighbors is genius.
Imania Margria|Capture my heart and my mind. Become my ultimate challenge, greatest vexation, strongest desire, and most precious blessing.
Richard Dawkins, Unweaving the Rainbow: Science, Delusion and the Appetite for Wonder|Some of us claim that New York City is the capital of the country, indeed the capital of the world. Now, that may be a bit much for those who don't come from New York, but clearly we are an important city for reasons of our cultural advantages.[David Dinkins ex NYC Mayor]
Monty Roberts|Idly, Wick wondered if he should feel insulted. Then he decided there really wasn't any room for considering an insult with all the fear running rampant in his mind. Maybe he was quiet on the outside, but he knew he was running around screaming inside his thoughts.
Leonid Borodin, Partings|Thousands, if not millions, of people had exchanged life for the negation of life simply so that someone like me could have the pleasure of riding in a taxi. And now thousands more were throwing away their lives in order to try and eliminate global suffering, and they didn't see the senselessness of that, though it screamed out from every page of history and from every street-corner; in the scream you could hear the universal lack of order and lack of satisfaction and all the other shortcomings which were in fact the very essence of life - remove them, do away with them, and what would be left?
Chris Hedges, Death of the Liberal Class|If we really saw war, what war does to young minds and bodies, it would be impossible to embrace the myth of war. If we had to stand over the mangled corpses of schoolchildren killed in Afghanistan and listen to the wails of their parents, we would not be able to repeat clichés we use to justify war. This is why war is carefully sanitized. This is why we are given war's perverse and dark thrill but are spared from seeing war's consequences. The mythic visions of war keep it heroic and entertaining…The wounded, the crippled, and the dead are, in this great charade, swiftly carted offstage. They are war's refuse. We do not see them. We do not hear them. They are doomed, like wandering spirits, to float around the edges of our consciousness, ignored, even reviled. The message they tell is too painful for us to hear. We prefer to celebrate ourselves and our nation by imbibing the myths of glory, honor, patriotism, and heroism, words that in combat become empty and meaningless.
Gottfried Leibniz|Like beautiful homes, cute babies, or noble careers helping others, books can make us feel like we mean something positive, and in gratitude, we truly love them.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|O Lord, I commit my plans into thy mighty hands, guide me along straight path.
Yogi Bhajan|Good judgment comes from bad experience. Unfortunately, most of that comes from bad judgment.- Tara Daniels -
Alexandra Bracken, Passenger|Like any girl, she still felt the echoes from earlier eras of repression. She'd been raised by a mother who'd fought hard to get a wage she deserved, to have access to education when she lacked every advantage, to travel on her own terms. The idea she was being asked-that she was expected to simply play along-made the blood throb in her veins. She was already in the damn stays. Wasn't the enough?
Michael Bassey Johnson|Our talents are living things, we give birth to them, nourish them till they grow and become immortal.
Rocky13|God Made Nature, Nature Need Friends.
Helene Young, Half Moon Bay|Here, you drive," Erik said."What? Why?""In case we do have to start shooting; I have a badge and you don't," he explained."Fine. But for the record, I'm a better shot than you are.""For your information, I was the youngest kid awarded the rifle shooting merit badge in my troop," Erik said, holding the wheel as she climbed across him."Is that supposed to impress me?""Just enough to get you back into my bed." She took over the gas pedal and Erik slid out from underneath her."It takes more than fancy shooting," she said loftily, making a sharp turn.Erik was thrown against the door. "Would you warn me before you do that?""It's a car chase!
Dawna Markova, I Will Not Die an Unlived Life: Reclaiming Purpose and Passion|My journal has become a paper mirror, a topographic map to my mind. It is where I go to sort out confusion and decipher the invisible.
Ferdinand Mount|When a decision is made to go to war based on intelligence, it is a fateful decision. It has ramifications and impacts way beyond the current months and years.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|Perhaps they are singing songs to you,' he said, 'and I just think they’re asking me questions.' He paused again. Sometimes he would pause for days, just to see what it was like.
Amish Tripathi, The Immortals of Meluha|Sometimes life isn’t what we want, it’s what we get.
Donald Hall|Poetry offers works of art that are beautiful, like paintings, which are my second favorite work of the art, but there are also works of art that embody emotion and that are kind of school for feeling. They teach how to feel, and they do this by the means of their beauty of language.
John Darnielle, Wolf in White Van|In the perspective of our species, life has favored humanity as a whole by promoting as much wealth of variety and options as possible, and has distributed everything using the four winds. Life has given mankind everything it has, without segregation and without consideration of which characteristic or quality best suits the situations or the periods. Only by having the totality of human characteristics and options can we hope to deal with all periods to come.Our collective is our key to survival and well-being.
Dave Eggers|You better [start writing] now because you know how to write, and you have fingers, and you have this one life, and during this one life, you should put your words down, and make your voice heard, and then let others hear your voice. And the only way any of that’s going to happen is if you actually do it. People can’t read the thoughts in your head. They can only read the thoughts you put down, carefully and with great love, on the page.So you have to do it, goddamnit.
Diana Gabaldon, Voyager|Get acquainted with your shadow, or find yourself surprised when a crisis emerges.
Michael Cunningham, A Home at the End of the World|I was not beautiful, but I believed I had the possibility of beauty in me.
Marianne Williamson, The Gift of Change: Spiritual Guidance for a Radically New Life|The only way to gain power in a world that is moving too fast is to learn to slow down. And the only way to spread one’s influence wide to learn how to go deep. The world we want for ourselves and our children will not emerge from electronic speed but rather from a spiritual stillness that takes root in our souls. Then, and only then, will we create a world that reflects the heart instead of shattering it.
Sarah  Benson, Born of Shadow|Accept who you are. Don’t leave me, Willow. We are all broken, that’s how the light shines through. - Rhydian
Douglas Coupland, Shampoo Planet|PatriotismBreathes there the man with soul so dead, Who never to himself hath said, 'This is my own, my native land!' Whose heart hath ne'er within him burn'd As home his footsteps he hath turn'dFrom wandering on a foreign strand? If such there breathe, go, mark him well; For him no Minstrel raptures swell; High though his titles, proud his name, Boundless his wealth as wish can claim;Despite those titles, power, and pelf, The wretch, concentred all in self, Living, shall forfeit fair renown, And, doubly dying, shall go down To the vile dust from whence he sprung,Unwept, unhonour'd, and unsung.
Sunday Adelaja|For us to expect development in our nations, we must first bring development to the minds and understandings of our people.The change we quest for outwardly must first be attained inwardly.
Lisa Bedrick, Hard Times|According to his habit, Theodore Roosevelt sought to harness anxiety through action.
Joann I. Martin Sowles, Laney|Mary,' said her mother. 'We don't like sarcasm ' 'You mightn't like it,' said Mary. 'But I love it.
Christopher Henry Dawson, Religion and World History: A Selection from the Works of Christopher Dawson|But its exclusive character and irreconcileable hostility to the religious cults and ceremonies with which the whole social life of the city-state and the empire were inseparably connected at every turn, brought the Christians into inevitable conflict with the government and with public opinion. To the man in the street, the Christian was an anti-social atheist who would take no part in the public feasts and the games, which played such a large part in city life. To the authorities he was a passive rebel, who would neither take his share of municipal offices nor pay loyal homage to the Emperor. Hence the rise of persecution, and the driving of the Christians into an underground existence, as a proscribed sect. The Church grew under the shadow of the executioner's rods and axes, and every Christian lived in the peril of physical torture and death. The thought of martyrdom coloured the whole outlook of early Christianity. But it was not only a fear, it was also an ideal and a hope. For the martyr was the complete Christian, he was the champion and hero of the new society and its conflict with the old, and even the Christians who failed in the moment of the trial - the lapsi - looked on the martyrs as their saviours and protectors
Alisa Melekhina, Reality Check: What the Ancient Game of Chess Can Teach You About Success in Modern Competitive Settings|Rather than reacting to every obstacle or dashed expectation, incorporate the event into your overall plan. Real life setbacks like rejections, broken promises, and unfair disadvantages will happen. Rethink the meaning behind the emotional triggers and how your reaction will further your purpose. Manage emotions by recognizing their place, but do not allow them to control your moves.
Laurie Buchanan, PhD|If you truly love someone, then love them right in the places they feel most unsure and most vulnerable.And that';s how you help them love themselves.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Bread for the Journey: A Daybook of Wisdom and Faith|How can we embrace poverty as a way to God when everyone around us wants to become rich? Poverty has many forms. We have to ask ourselves: 'What is my poverty?' Is it lack of money, lack of emotional stability, lack of a loving partner, lack of security, lack of safety, lack of self-confidence? Each human being has a place of poverty. That’s the place where God wants to dwell! 'How blessed are the poor,' Jesus says (Matthew 5:3). This means that our blessing is hidden in our poverty.We are so inclined to cover up our poverty and ignore it that we often miss the opportunity to discover God, who dwells in it. Let’s dare to see our poverty as the land where our treasure is hidden.
Scott Stabile|There is absolutely no point in comparing ourselves to others. Everyone brings to the world exactly what they are meant to bring, and in doing so touches exactly who they are meant to touch.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|World is a multi-dimensional reality. At lower level it is full with unconsciousness and competitiveness. At higher level it is full with beauty, bliss and divinity. Focus on higher dimensions.
George Orwell, 1984|The old civilizations claimed that they were founded on love or justice. Ours is founded upon hatred. In our world there will be no emotions except fear, rage, triumph, and self-abasement.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|There were two kinds of monsters, the kind that hunted the streets and the kind that lived in your head. She could fight the first, but the second was more dangerous. It was always, always, always a step ahead.
Peter David, Sir Apropos of Nothing|Some time later, I sat in the wine cellar, staring at the walls while cradling a wineskin in my lap like a child, murmuring over and over as if lulling the child to sleep, 'I am shat upon. I am shat upon'.
Sun Yat-sen|When you learn to keep fighting in the face of potential failure, it gives you a larger skill set to do what you want to do in life. It gives you vision. But you can't acquire it if you're afraid of keeping score.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|Reflect that nothing merits admiration except thespirit, the impressiveness of which prevents it from being impressed by anything.
Pedro Almodovar|Superstars come and go. I want to make sure I am always a producer's actor. I may be refused to be called a great actor but I have never troubled any of my producers in my life. Honesty always catches the camera, and that is what my strength is.
Tiffany Reisz, The Night Mark|People create all kind of fancy watches and clocks, never stopping to realize they're building monuments to the greatest of all thieves.
Lewis Mumford|I have had a small handful of truly blatantly discriminatory experiences for being transgender, but the vast majority are simply the differences between being a man versus being a woman in science and business.
Hermann Hesse|You were too lazy to learn to dance until it was almost too late, and in the same way you were too lazy to learn to love. As for ideal and tragic love, that I don't doubt you can do marvellously- and all honour to you. Now you will learn to love a little in an ordinary human way.
Elizabeth Berg, Open House|When my parents were liberated, four years before I was born, they found that the ordinary world outside the camp had been eradicated. There was no more simple meal, no thing was less than extraordinary: a fork, a mattress, a clean shirt, a book. Not to mention such things that can make one weep: an orange, meat and vegetables, hot water. There was no ordinariness to return to, no refuge from the blinding potency of things, an apple screaming its sweet juice.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|I believe it’s incredibly important to write against [racial] stereotypes. If we give in and make sure that all black women characters are asexual, gentle, and kind we wind up with another set of stereotypes.
B. Alan Wallace, Tibetan Buddhism from the Ground Up: A Practical Approach for Modern Life|Imagine walking along a sidewalk with your arms full of groceries, and someone roughly bumps into you so that you fall and your groceries are strewn over the ground. As you rise up from the puddle of broken eggs and tomato juice, you are ready to shout out, 'You idiot! What's wrong with you? Are you blind?' But just before you can catch your breath to speak, you see that the person who bumped into you is actually blind. He, too, is sprawled in the spilled groceries, and your anger vanishes in an instant, to be replaced by sympathetic concern: 'Are you hurt? Can I help you up?' Our situation is like that. When we clearly realize that the source of disharmony and misery in the world is ignorance, we can open the door of wisdom and compassion.
Ashton Kutcher|Men are literally lying in bed with their wives when the marriage is essentially over, thinking, 'I've got to get the hell out of here', and have a fantasy woman in mind. Then you get divorced, meet a woman, marry her, and by the time all that goes by, you've aged a few years and are ready to go back to your ex-wife.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|Listen, Harr,y can I have a go on it? Can I?""I don't think anyone should ride that broom just yet!" said Hermoine shrilly.Harry and Ron looked at her."What d'you think Harry's going to do with it - sweep the floor?" said Ron.
William McDavid, Law & Gospel: A Theology for Sinners|Growing economies are built by billions of actors behaving according to their own interests, coordinated through institutions that no one in particular created.Realizing this requires humility, a trait that is in short supply among would-be dictators, politicians, and bureaucrats, which is precisely why these groups are the proven enemies of prosperity in all times and places.
Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road|He had something in him, how he walked, how he carried himself with that carelessness, he wasn’t my type entirely, if I ever had a type of guy before him.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I reached into my pack and held something small in the fist I made. “It’s a pocketknife,” I said, enunciating each letter. I was asserting myself, I’d snapped out of something; he visibly snapped out of something too. I saw it acutely in his dropping posture: doubt in his movement. I said, “The truck works.” And so it did.
Mansi Tejpal, Drizzling Dreams|And, while I may not live to live them/ Rest assured, ladies and gentlemen/For I have lived more than most/By just dreaming..."- Dreams, Dreams by Mansi Tejpal
Thomas C. Foster, How to Read Literature Like a Professor: A Lively and Entertaining Guide to Reading Between the Lines|Reading is a full contact sport; we crash up against the wave of words with all of our intellectual, imaginative, and emotional resources. What results can sometimes be as much our creation as the novelist's or playwright's.
Brian W. Aldiss|We can no longer believe that after death, if we have sinned, we shall enter hell. Hell has been acted out here on Earth in the time of Nazi Germany, when even the innocent went in their millions to a hell that beggars the imagination. A profound change in attitude has come about as a result.
Jason Medina, A Ghost In New Orleans|I was in a strip club trying to help a ghost get laid which was challenging, but not impossible.
Sean Michaels, Us Conductors|I said : "There is a formula for beauty?"He answered : "More than one.
- Harrish Sairaman|If you want, you can be a child for the rest of your life and be a great LEARNER
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|And the differences thence arising [between the constitution of men and women] are no ways sufficient to argue more natural strength in the one than in the other, to qualify them more for military labours. Are not the Women of different degrees of strength, like the Men? Are there not strong and weak of both sexes? Men educated in sloth and softness are weaker than Women; and Women, become harden'd by necessity, are often more robust than Men. (...) Woman may be enured to all the hardships of a campaign, and to meet all the terrors of it, as well as the bravest of the opposite sex.
Cristen Rodgers|Summer rushes in on the heels of spring, eager to take her turn; and then she dances with wild abandon. But the time soon comes when she gratefully falls, exhausted and sated, into the auburn arms of autumn.
Cody McLain|Follow your dreams, your passions - your obsessions. Persistence will always turn failure into success.
Jack Kerouac, Maggie Cassidy|To have the experience I did as a child, I would have to be a physically different being, one with whom I share nearly nothing. On a cellular level, aside from the neurons of my cerebral cortex and a few other stranglers in my heart and eyes, I am not him.
Israelmore Ayivor|Don't recide in the past. Instead, refer to it, else you will remain in the remand of high demand but with low command
James Bryan Smith, The Good and Beautiful Life: Putting on the Character of Christ|The Beatitudes, far from being a new set of virtues that further divide the religious haves and have nots, are words of hope and healing to those who have been marginalized.
Adlai E. Stevenson|When you are honest in your comedy, you have to acknowledge the world that you're in. Through a comedic voice, you're talking about what needs to be talked about, whether it's race relations or politics or anything that's happening on a global or an American scale.
Johann Arndt, True Christianity|The first help to prayer is our only Mediator and Advocate, Jesus Christ, the Son of God, 1 John 2:2. He is pleading our cause before God, when we are hardly able to express what we want; who is therefore called the Word of the Father, because God, by him, has discovered his will to us; as he is also called 'the Mediator,' because he solicits our cause before God. When Moses complained that he was of slow speech, and a slow tongue, that so he might avoid carrying the commanded message to Pharaoh, God tells him, 'Aaron thy brother can speak well, he shall be to thee instead of a mouth.' Se we also, when we shall pray, are dull, and slow of speech, and therefore must fly to Christ, our heavenly Aaron, who is to us instead of a mouth. Therefore Christ commands us to pray in his name, who is our eternal High-priest, 'having an everlasting priesthood,' (Heb. 7:24,) 'interceding for us,' (Rom. 8:34,) 'in whom we have boldness,' and access with confidence by the faith of him,' Eph. 3:12.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Lawford had soundlessly stolen a pace or two nearer, and by stopping forward he could, each in turn, scrutinize the little intent company sitting over his story around the lamp at the further end of the table; squatting like little children with their twigs and pins, fishing for wonders on the brink of the unknown.
Kate Meader, Even the Score|Staying level with Tess was going to require fast thinking, which was mighty difficult considering all the blood he needed for said thought processes was now hurtling south.“What would this job involve?”“Only one task. Make. Me. Believe.”“That I’m your fiancé?”Cue her smile, sly and sexy. First time she’d let him in on that action, too. “That you want me more than your next breath.”If she moved forward a couple of inches, his boner would make her believe.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I am selfish by habit, but sacrificial by nature. Therefore, I’d be wise to develop the habit of following my nature.
Dylan Callens, Operation Cosmic Teapot|In the real journey of life, it is not what you do; it is what you don't do that matters the most.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We will bear much fruits, when we connect to the true vine, the Creator.
Johnny Weir|I never cut class. I loved getting A's, I liked being smart. I liked being on time. I thought being smart is cooler than anything in the world.
Emmy Laybourne|My mom believed that you make your own luck. Over the stove she had hung these old, maroon painted letters that spell out, “MANIFEST.” The idea being if you thought and dreamed about the way you wanted your life to be -- if you just envisioned it long enough, it would come into being.But as hard as I had manifested Astrid Heyman with her hand in mine, her blue eyes gazing into mine, her lips whispering something wild and funny and outrageous in my ear, she had remained totally unaware of my existence. Truly, to even dream of dreaming about Astrid, for a guy like me, in my relatively low position on the social ladder of Cheyenne Mountain High, was idiotic. And with her a senior and me a junior? Forget it. Astrid was just lit up with beauty: shining blonde ringlets, June sky blue eyes, slightly furrowed brow, always biting back a smile, champion diver on the swim team. Olympic level. Hell, Astrid was Olympic level in every possible way.
Aireen C. Pontillo|Greatness needs courage (above all) and willpower, charisma, intelligence and creativity but it also demands characteristics that we often associate with the least admirable people: reckless risk-taking, brutal determination, sexual thrill-seeking, brazen showmanship, obsession close to fixation and something approaching insanity. In other words, the qualities required for greatness and wickedness, for heroism and monstrosity are not too far distant from each other. The Norwegians alone have a word for this: stormannsgalskap – the madness of great men.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Probably every lover imagines that his own love is pure, and that others love like beasts.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever desires to be free, shall search for the Truth.
David Carr, The Night of the Gun|Mass advertising can help build brands, but authenticity is what makes them last. If people believe they share values with a company, they will stay loyal to the brand.
Kate Atkinson, A God in Ruins|True authors don't write for fame or to make a name or money, they write to make impact
Kenzaburō Ōe, A Personal Matter|Modern Existentialism... is a total European creation, perhaps the last philosophic legacy of Europe to America or whatever other civilization is now on its way to supplant Europe.
Ruth Minshull, Miracles for Breakfast: A Startling New Approach to Raising Children|All fathers are liars . . . If you want to be a father, you have to be prepared to become a liar.
Matt Groening|I was probably a terrible husband, but I pride myself on being a good dad.
Samuel Crone|Self-respect cannot be hunted. It cannot be purchased. It is never for sale. It cannot be fabricated out of public relations. It comes to us when we are alone, in quiet moments, in quiet places, when we suddenly realize that, knowing the good, we have done it; knowing the beautiful, we have served it; knowing the truth we have spoken it
The Wife S.R.|It doesn't seem to make any sense, but then it never does! It's usually only afterwards when the pieces finally fit together, that you're left standing there thinking how obvious it always was.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The energy it took to exit mother’s womb is the same force required to manifest a dream...a different kind of struggle. Push, push, push!
Melina Marchetta, Saving Francesca|We approach the house and I wave at Jimmy. "And if he thinks he's eating with us, he's got another thing coming," my dad says.Jimmy approaches us and takes the shopping bags from me, looking inside them."Lamb roast. Am I invited?
William Faulkner, Light in August|Time, the spaces of light and dark, had long since lost orderliness.
Hank Bracker, The Exciting Story of Cuba: Understanding Cuba's Present by Knowing Its Past|José Martí is recognized as the George Washington of Cuba or perhaps better yet, as Simon Bolivar, the liberator of South America. He was born in Havana on January 28, 1853, to Spanish parents. His mother, Leonor Pérez Cabrera, was a native of the Canary Islands and his father, Mariano Martí Navarro, came from Valencia. Families were big then, and it was not long before José had seven sisters. While still very young his parents took him to Spain, but it was just two years later that they returned to Santa Clara where his father worked as a prison guard. His parents enrolled José at a local public school. In September of 1867, Martí signed up at the Escuela Profesional de Pintura y Escultura de La Habana, an art school for painting and sculpture in Havana."Read more about José Martí in the “Exciting Story of Cuba” by award winning author Captain Hank Bracker. This book is available at Amazon.com and Barnes&Noble.com or Independent Book stores everywhere.
Ted Hughes, Letters of Ted Hughes|The only calibration that counts is how much heart people invest, how much they ignore their fears of being hurt or caught out or humiliated. And the only thing people regret is that they didn't live boldly enough, that they didn't invest enough heart, didn't love enough. Nothing else really counts at all.
Michelle Franklin, The Leaf Flute - A Marridon Novella|If the sale of flesh could be made as easily as the sale of spiritual exemption, the prescience of a dedicated businessman might be well preserved.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Palm Sunday: An Autobiographical Collage|I cannot follow you Christians; for you try to crawl through your life upon your knees, while I stride through mine on my feet.
William Arthur Ward|Optimists enrich the present, enhance the future,challenge the improbable and attain the impossible
Harrish Sairaman|Happiness should never be your ultimate goal as you can experience it everyday, it’s a matter of choice
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|It made me alert, like someone had scrubbed mint all over my skin. I'd walk into that stinking, miserable prison and for the next three hours, a wise and beautiful woman would float out of the wreckage of my life, and her words and thoughts and tiniest movements were precious.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Dare to love every person, including yourself.
Rich Sommer|To love our neighbor as ourselves is such a truth for regulating human society, that by that alone one might determine all the cases in social morality.
Franco Santoro|In the moment when I truly understand my enemy, understand him well enough to defeat him, then in that very moment I also love him...
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|William, an artist is someone who combines a desperate need to be understood with the fiercest love of privacy-
Gisela Hausmann "Naked Determination 41 Stories About Overcoming Fear"|While one can love an irresponsible friend or a person with character flaws, alliances are built on respect, the responsibilities which arise out of that and knowing that together we can be stronger.
Richard Dawkins, Unweaving the Rainbow: Science, Delusion and the Appetite for Wonder|We must conduct research and then accept the results. If they don't stand up to experimentation, Buddha's own words must be rejected.
Lionel Suggs|I am a man that knows of the possibility of failure. I have suffered defeat. I have created miscalculations. I have even abandoned victory, and fallen in shame. I can claim my arrogance. I can claim my ignorance. I can claim my naiveté. However, the creation of those possibilities were simply due to a lack of understanding of who I was. I have conquered my Id. I have conquered my Ego. I have conquered my Spirituality. I am a man that knows of the possibility of failure, but because I have mastered the principles of nothing, possibility, and uncertainty, failure simply tags along with me, unable to grasp my glory.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|The witch is a dangerous person. Neither his appearance nor his behaviour betray his satanic nature. He does not wear special clothing, he does not have magical instruments. He does not boil potions, does not prepare poisons, does not fall into a trance, and does not perform incantations. He acts by means of the psychic power he was born. Malefaction is a congenital trait of his personality. The fact that he does evil and brings misfortune owes nothing to his predilections. It brings him not special pleasure. He simply is that way.
Germany Kent|Thinking too much just brings it back to me, me, me—but thanking takes my eyes off myself and my mistakes and puts them on others, on things bigger than myself. I can’t stand here very long without being humbled at how small I am and amazed at how big and beautiful our world is.
M.C. Frank, Lose Me.|Fear can cause blindness, said the girl with dark glasses, Never a truer word, that could not be truer, we were already blind the moment we turned blind, fear struck us blind, fear will keep us blind, Who is speaking, asked the doctor, A blind man, replied a voice, just a blind man, for that is all we have here.
Saad Shah|In your life, everything revolves around your mind.
-YakupAdar|But I love him. You know it. You can't ask me to just sit back and let Paul do this. If he succeeds I won't even remember having met Jesse." "Right," my dad said reasonably. "So it won't hurt." "It will," I insisted, "It will hurt, Dad. Because deep down I'll know. I'll know there was someone… someone I was supposed to have met. Only I'll never meet him. I'll go through my whole life waiting for him to come along, only he never will. What kind of life is that, Dad, huh? What kind of life is that?
Jesse Bering|Being poised to shatter the adaptive illusion of God is arguably one of the most significant turning points our species has ever faced in its relatively brief 150,000-year history. The belief instinct may never be completely deprogrammed in our animal brains, but by understanding it for what it is rather than subscribing uncritically to the intuitions it generates, we can distance ourselves from an adaptive system that was designed, ultimately, to keep us hobbled in fear.
Scott Adams, The Dilbert Principle: A Cubicle's-Eye View of Bosses, Meetings, Management Fads & Other Workplace Afflictions|Lately...the Peter Principle has given way to the "Dilbert Principle." The basic concept of the Dilbert Principle is that the most ineffective workers are systematically moved to the place where they can do the least damage: management.
Elisabeth Elliot, Shadow of the Almighty: The Life and Testament of Jim Elliot|Cold prayers, like cold suitors, are seldom effective in their aims.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the end, we live to serve the Saviour, who saved us from all slavery in the flesh. And make us awake in a new life of the spirit of Christ Jesus.
Shannon L. Alder|There are 613,806,639 men in the world. Statistically, God has got you covered! So, never worry about one person not caring about you. Someone up to the challenge will always take his place.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You will have the grace of writing, when you boldly begin to write your first sentences.
Eric Zaccone|It’s time someone said it, average living (read middle-class) is not good enough
James S.A. Corey, Caliban's War|And somehow, that changed everything about sex. The movements might all be the same, but the desire to communicate affection rather than demonstrate prowess changed what everything meant.
Abraham Lincoln|Any time women come together with a collective intention, it's a powerful thing. Whether it's sitting down making a quilt, in a kitchen preparing a meal, in a club reading the same book, or around the table playing cards, or planning a birthday party, when women come together with a collective intention, magic happens.
Steve Martin|I believe that sex is one of the most beautiful, natural, wholesome things that money can buy.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|When you begin to overlook the routine act of kindness given by a generous & caring soul, you unwittingly halt your blessings
Xiao Hong, Selected Stories Of Xiao Hong|That's what life is all about - you're busy, I'm busy, and the end result is death. Sooner or later, that's what it comes to. ("The Death Of Wang Asao")
Patricia A. McKillip, Ombria in Shadow|Faey lived, for those who knew how to find her, within Ombria's past. Parts of the city's past lay within time's reach, beneath the streets in great old limestone tunnels: the hovels and mansions and sunken river that Ombria shrugged off like a forgotten skin, and buried beneath itself through the centuries.
M.C. Humphreys|The sole social evil is darkness; humanity is identity, for all men are made of the same clay.
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|If you really want things to change, you can make them change no matter where you are.
Mark Manning, Bad Wisdom|This was the plan: we would take a holy and sacred picture of the King of Rock ‘n’ Roll, Elvis Presley, to the very summit of the earth; once there, we would place it with sincere reverence amongst the chimerical shimmering palaces of ice and snow and then (accompanied by some weird Zen magic) we would light joss sticks, dance about making screechy kung-fu noises, get off our faces, and that would be it: Planet Earth saved. Simple.
Robert Kiyosaki|We shall not cease from exploration, and the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time.
William Wordsworth|But trailing clouds of glory do we come from God, who is our home.
Patrick Ness, The Rest of Us Just Live Here|But when you choose your family, you get to choose how it is between you, too.
Georg Simmel|I think Dr. King, if he were alive today, he wouldn't disrespect the flag or the anthem; he would use his words and his voice to send a message for positive change.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Many children today are growing up without discipline. As they become adults and the discipline of job or family demands are placed upon them, they do not know how to cope . . .children need discipline to be useful members of society. Likewise, God’s children need discipline to be useful members of His family.
Steven Mithen, The Prehistory of the Mind: The Cognitive Origins of Art, Religion and Science|It is because of this notion [of species essence] that we demand that a severely brain-damaged person should have the same rights as a university professor, or a physically disabled person the same rights as an Olympian sportsman. They are all 'human', whatever their intellectual and physical abilities.
Haki R. Madhubuti|When I joined the military it was illegal to be homosexual, then it became optional, and now it's legal. I'm getting out before the Democrats make it mandatory.
James Garfield|Whomsoever controls the volume of money in any country is absolute master of all industry and commerce and when you realize that the entire system is very easily controlled, one way or another, by a few powerful men at the top, you will not have to be told how periods of inflation and depression originate.
The 9 11 Commission Report|I can remember when I was a bit of an ETA fan myself. It was in 1973, when a group of Basque militants assassinated Adm. Carrero Blanco. The admiral was a stone-faced secret police chief, personally groomed to be the successor to the decrepit Francisco Franco. His car blew up, killing only him and his chauffeur with a carefully planted charge, and not only was the world well rid of another fascist, but, more important, the whole scheme of extending Franco's rule was vaporized in the same instant. The dictator had to turn instead to Crown Prince Juan Carlos, who turned out to be the best Bourbon in history and who swiftly dismantled Franco's entire system. If this action was 'terrorism,' it had something to be said for it. Everyone I knew in Spain made a little holiday in their hearts when the gruesome admiral went sky-high.
Helen Macdonald, H is for Hawk|On the Ridgeway path, aged nine or ten, was where for the first time I realized the power a person might feel by aligning themselves to deep history. Only much later did I understand these intimations of history had their own, darker, history. The chalk country-cult rested on a presumption of organic connections to a landscape, a sense of belonging sanctified through an appeal to your own imagined lineage. That chalk downloads held their national, as well as natural, histories. And it was much later, too, that I realized that these myths hurt. That they work to wipe away other cultures, other histories, other ways of loving, working and being in a landscape. How they tiptoe towards darkness.
Darcie Little Badger|She dreamed that somebody replaced her nerves with puppet strings. The unseen puppeteer resisted every move she made, and Nina was still ensnared when sunlight tickled her eyes open. For weeks, her actions lagged, leaden, as if cement thickened in her marrow, her skull, and her heart-bearing chest.Later, Nina learned the puppeteer’s name: Depression.
Sándor Márai, Embers|And yet, sometimes facts are no more than pitiful consequences, because guilt does not reside in our acts but in the intentions that give rise to our act. Everything turns on our intentions.
Jenny Colgan, The Bookshop on the Corner|The look you get when you’re reading in your van, and your feet are up and you sit so still, and your face is alight, and I don’t know where you are; you could be anywhere, so far away, off in a part of your mind I’ll never get to . . . It drives me crazy. The way you just came here, just got up, changed your entire life . . . I mean, my family’s been here for four generations. It would never have occurred to me to do what you did, just to start over and do something different. Amazing.
Sang Kromah, Concealed|Before I could flinch, he planted his warm lips against mine, wrapping his arms around my waist. I didn't know what to do with my hands. I thought about putting them in his hair, stopping inches away from his head. I thought about putting them around his neck, but I stopped myself midflight. So there I was, being kissed by a boy I was falling hopelessly in love with and making a complete fool of myself, because I looked like I was flagging someone down with my hands." Concealed
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|Many older physicians had gone to their graves calling Pasteur a liar, a fool, or worse---and without examining evidence which their “common sense” told them was impossible.
Luis Enrique Cavazos, The Five Virtues That Awaken Your Life|The Existentially Preoccupied Long Distance RunnerSometimes I like to run so hard and for so longwith each mile I can feel the pain of my own awareness,my own heightened consciousness of what ails me,the ills of the world,the limitations of our existence,the losses we must endure,the superficial interactions.Sometimes I like to run so hard and for so longthat I can feel all of these feelings seep out of the pours of my own skin,the sweat cleansing my very being,my awareness of beauty heightened,the experience of joy possible,each mile, each minute, ridding me of these feelings,washing away the illusions,showing me the truth.Sometimes I like to run so hard and for so long…until finally I feel free…until finally I AM free…
Peter Enns, The Sin of Certainty: Why God Desires Our Trust More Than Our "Correct" Beliefs|When we reach the point where things simply make no sense, when our thinking about God and life no longer line up, when any sense of certainty is gone, and when we can find no reason to trust God but we still do, well that is what trust looks like at its brightest – when all else is dark.
Jennie Lucas, The Secret Baby Scandal: The Count's Secret Child\The Sandoval Baby|Entwining his hands in her hair, he kissed her with all the passion and love he'd kept hidden in his heart for thirty-sex years. Waiting for her. Only for her. As he felt her kiss him back the frozen wall inside him finally broke, allowing life and sun inside his soul. He pulled away, stroking her cheeks as he looked down into her eyes. "I love you, Carrie," he whispered. "I love you.
Pankaj Mishra (#iampm)|It made Ender listen more carefully to what people meant, instead of what they said. It made him wise.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|When a child keeps asking you to tell him/her a story, what they instinctively really want to know is their true purpose and mission in life. Sadly, this knowledge was never sought out by their parents, and explains why children's books are a very hot and lucrative industry. Instead of telling your child how to become a compassionate citizen of the world, or how to live a meaningful existence by being a positive asset to humanity, you are conditioned by society to simply read your kid a fairytale.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr., The Path of the Law|Whether or not an utterance can be called law depends on how it is heard, not on how it is meant. Law is defined by its effect rather than its intention, and its chief effect is accusation the intimation of a less-than.
John Wycliffe|By a continuing process of inflation, government can confiscate, secretly and unobserved, an important part of the wealth of their citizens.
Joe Taslim|When you're singing, you're using extra muscles, and it requires a lot of exercise and breathing. You can't do that if you're a sissy. If I have any fitness advice for people, I'd tell them to sing more. It's good therapy, too.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|Piece of Heaven?" "No, that other place I'm going to go to for thinking what I'm thinking.
Neal Shusterman, Scythe|We who live forever can know no courage, nor do we love enough to give our lives.
Angela Quarles, Must Love Breeches|The door opened, held by the butler, and Lord Montagu swept into the room, his presence overwhelming the space. She could swear even the flowers in their vases perked up and listed in his direction. Honest to Pete.
Ma Jun|I just have a relationship with my imagination. It's like my friend, almost.
Corrie Ten Boom|I trust no one, not even myself.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|To have paranoia, it's nothing bad it's like your antivurs system on your computer, it makes as much secure as possible.
Cecelia Earl, When Ash Rains Down|Love is a powerful thing. More powerful, even, than money.
Min Kim|Judge a man by what he tried, not by what he accomplished.
Gene Wilder|I have six locks on my door all in a row. When I go out, I lock every other one. I figure no matter how long somebody stands there picking the locks, they are always locking three.
James K.A. Smith, Who's Afraid of Postmodernism?: Taking Derrida, Lyotard, and Foucault to Church|But should we accept this negative view of power? Is power all bad? Specifically, can Christians share in this devaluation of power and discipline as inherently evil? Can we who claim to be disciples - who are called and predestined to be conformed to the likeness of the Son (Rom. 8:29) - be opposed to discipline and formation as such? Can we who are called to be subject to the Lord of life really agree with the liberal Enlightenment notion of the autonomous self? Are we not above all called to subject ourselves to our Domine and conform to his image? Of course, we are called not to conform to the patterns of 'this world' (Rom. 12:2) or to our previous evil desires (1 Peter 1:14), but that is a call not to nonconformity as such but rather to an alternative conformity through a counterformation in Christ, a transformation and renewal directed toward conformity to his image. By appropriating the liberal Enlightenment notion of negative freedom and participating in its nonconformist resistance to discipline (and hence a resistance to the classical spiritual disciplines), Christians are in fact being conformed to the patterns of this world (contra Rom. 12:2).
Sil Vereecken|Make sure u have to FEEL your confidence, or you wouldn't be in that case…
Bobby Adair, Infected|Man, I’m just trying to get you lighten up a bit.” “Murphy, we’re looking at a thousand rotting corpses. Lighten up?” “Life is what you make it, man.
Christina Milian|I created the Women's Federation for World Peace in order to restore all that woman originally lost. You American women don't need a man in the position of grandfather, parents, husband, elder or younger brother. You only need the true Adam.
Ellis Peters, One Corpse Too Many|The trouble with me, he thought unhappily, is that I have been about the world long enough to know that God's plans for us, however infallibly good, may not take the form we expect and demand.
Francine Prose|If you go on stage with the wrong attitude, or something in your performance is off, you can lose an audience in the first minute. That first minute is crucial.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|I am not SURE whether people have watched DID show from ZEE TV or not, Its big ambiguity that they have really liked Teriya Magar's performance or of anyone else. But I'm SURE that they have voted Teriya and even begged others fellows to vote her.This way patriotism rocks and talent is sucked........- Anup Joshi
Paula Altenburg, The Demon Lord|Hunter and hunted. There are so many ways in which a man can destroy a woman.” Her handmaid sighed. “When it comes to matters of the heart, immortals know nothing.
Shannon L. Alder|True confidence is not about what you take from someone to restore yourself, but what you give back to your critics because they need it more than you do.
Francis Drake|I've also seen that great men are often lonely. This is understandable, because they have built such high standards for themselves that they often feel alone. But that same loneliness is part of their ability to create.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|For sale: baby shoes, never worn.
J.D. Gallagher|It is back to basics here,’ Jason said. ‘What women seek to find in a man is dictated by evolution and the role of the man as a hunter gatherer. Women want a bad boy who will treat them well but not so well that they will have nothing to bitch about to their female friends. Bitching about the male of the species is how females bond with each other…another one of evolutions little jokes.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|I've had enough of these streets that sweat a cold, yellow slime, of hostile people, of crying myself to sleep every night. I've had enough of thinking, enough of remembering.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Take a close look at nature and you’ll see that every living creature is wired for mutation and variation. The fact that people can say, “I’m not the same person I used to be,” is the greatest of all miracles.
Elizabeth Knox, The Vintner's Luck|Books can be the people we never get to meet, ancestors or far neighbors.
Fennel Hudson, Wild Carp - Fennel's Journal - No. 4|Life. It’s about adventure, of having a dream and following it.
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|My handsome husband and I didn’t make love for almost six months. I was enraptured, lost to my old life, and, in this obsession, disregarded author Ayelet Waldman – who famously wrote of her 'smug well-being' and 'always vital, even torrid' sex life in the wake of childbirth: I ignored my husband as a man. Instead, I revelled in him as a different thing altogether, far more seductive and important, and infinitely more resonant. My husband was no longer just a man: he was the father of my child.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|All paths lie together in the hand of god like a web endlessly woven, and yours and mine are no greater or less than the beetle's or the squirrel's or the sparrow's. All are held together.
Binta Userkaf, Itchikan: 'til death do us part|Everything opens a new door, a book opens a new door, facts open a new door. So choose your favourite thing and I promise it will open a door.
Richelle Mead, Bloodlines|As much as I hated to admit it, I kind of looked forward to seeing him. It made no sense, but something about his infuriating nature made me forget about my other worries. Weirdly, I felt like I could relax around him.
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|This is glorious!' I cried, and then i looked at the sinner by my side. He sat with his head sunk on his breast and said 'Yes', without raising his eyes, as if afraid to see writ large on the clear sky of the offing the reproach of his romantic conscience.
Tony Dovale|It's ONLY with a NEW MINDSET and a SWIFT Action that you can span the gap between WHO and WHERE you are, and WHO and WHERE/WHAT you want to BE, DO and HAVE
Jennifer Lowery, Taking Chances|Have you found your Christmas spirit yet? he asked as they drove by Broslin Square.	The decorations were out of control. "This place would make Liberace feel underdressed.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Spiritual Girl's Guide to Dating: Your Enlightened Path to Love, Sex, & Soul Mates|To know what you want, you need to know yourself.
Steve Almond, Candyfreak: A Journey through the Chocolate Underbelly of America|We are bound to meet wrong things for wrong things are bound to meet us but, when things go wrong, don't be wrong, let things be wrong
Dianne Duvall, In Still Darkness|Don't fear me, Jenna."Amusement lit her features. "It's kind of hard to be afraid of a vampire who apologizes for using harsh language in front of a lady.""I'm not a vampire.""And I'm not a lady.
James A. Chu|I take quite a lot of pride in not knowing what´s cool".
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|There are normal hours, and then there are invalid hour, when time stalls and slips, when life -real life- seems to exist at one remove
Jim Brown|My upbringing has given me sympathy for the idea of isolation and what it is to be a new person in the room, where everyone else has some amount of familiarity and comfort.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To grow is not to timidly sit on some safe shore at water’s edge and clumsily grab whatever happens to float by me. Rather, it is to deliberately step into waters both calm and turbulent in order to wrestle great things to shore.
Ngina Otiende, Navigating Change: Why You Don't Have to Drown|Nothing happens without waiting. The seed in the ground does not become a tree overnight. It goes through seasons, nurturing, watering, pruning before it bears fruit.
Ellen Key|Art is an invention of aesthetics, which in turn is an invention of philosophers... What we call art is a game.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|I agree with Kilgore Trout about realistic novels and their accumulations of nit-picking details. In Trout’s novel, The Pan-Galactic Memory Bank, the hero is on a space ship two hundred miles long and sixty-two miles in diameter. He gets a realistic novel out of the branch library in his neighborhood. He reads about sixty pages of it, and then he takes it back. The librarian asks him why he doesn’t like it, and he says to her, “I already know about human beings.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|While one may lose much because of avarice, nothing was ever accomplished by abstinence.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|I suppose it's impossible to say that they will not invent anything else, because they might," said Zubria. "And, of course, if one thought of something that they might invent, one would have thought of it oneself, therefore one would be the inventor of what one thought of, and they would not be, which would make one an inventor, like them.
Amy Tan|If you are killed because you are a writer, that's the maximum expression of respect, you know.
James  Pratt|In the real world, babysitting is a groovy way for young people to learn responsibility (and earn a little pocket money). In the Terrorverse, it's a plot device used to kill teenagers.
Giada De Laurentiis, Paris!|At Rome thing can or cannot be done when you are told anything cannot be done, there is an end of it.""It is much more convenient at Paris; when anything cannot be done you pay double and it is done directly
Judy Blume|I would like to know that when I read the paper in the morning, it's telling me something that actually happened, and I think the vast majority of journalists want the same thing.
Jack Canfield|I believe that when you work on yourself, you are attracted by different, more positive beings.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Stand together yet not too near together:For the pillars of the temples stand apart,And the oak tree and the cypress grow not in each others shadow.
David N. Elkins|Perhaps the day will come where the validity of one's spirituality will be judged not by the correctness of one's theology but by the authenticity of one's spiritual life. When that day comes, an authentically spiritual Buddhist and an authentically spiritual Christian may find that they have more in common with each other than they do with those in their respective religions who have failed to develop their spirituality. (Beyond Religion, p. 98)
Rhonda Byrne, Hero|Through being fired I was given the perfect circumstances to finally answer my calling and live my dream, and I remain grateful to this day for that television network firing me. Without them, I would have refused the call to follow my dream, and I would have missed living the most exciting and fulfilling journey of my life.
Elizabeth Goudge, The Scent of Water|She realized with deep respect that this woman had always done what she had to do and faced what she had to face. If many of her fears and burdens would have seemed unreal to another woman, there was nothing unreal about her courage.
Dave Guerrero|Lying eats into the soul. If it becomes a habit it frays the edge of your spirit. Truth telling, although sometimes harder to do, strengthens your heart. It serves a person ill not to tell the truth.
Victoria Scott, The Liberator|When we feel fear, we deny our True Nature, forgetting that, as an indivisible part of the Oneness, we have the same creative power as the Oneness. As we have unconsciously created our fears, similarly, we can consciously decree their end and start to create only what we choose to create.
Maggie Stiefvater|Forever?"Sam's lips smiled, but above his grin, his yellow eyes turned sad, as if he knew it was a lie."Longer.
Stephen King, The Stand|She was satisfied with the answer God had given Moses from the burning bush when Moses had seen fit to question. Who are you? Mose asks, and God comes back from that bush just as pert as you like: I Am, Who I AM. In other words, Mose, stop beatin around this here bush and get your old ass in gear.
Leora Tanenbaum, I Am Not a Slut: Slut-Shaming in the Age of the Internet|Three out of ten women in the United States have an abortion by the time they are forty-five years old. And women who need abortions get abortions, whether or not the procedure is legal or safe, according to the Guttmacher Institute. Blaming women who need abortions through slut-shaming is not only morally reprehensible, it also is medically irresponsible.
Jennifer Sodini|The alchemy of life is to turn coins into cents, by making sense of change.
Cristopher Priest|Economics also has to become a fundamentally monetary discipline—from the consideration of how individuals make market decisions through to our understanding of macroeconomics. The myth of "the money illusion" (which can only be true in a world without debt) has to be immediately dispelled, while our macroeconomics have to reflect a monetary economy in which nominal magnitudes matter, precisely because they are the link between the value of current output and the financing of accumulated debt. The dangers of excessive debt and deflation simply cannot be comprehended from a neoclassical perspective.The discipline must also become fundamentally empirical, in contrast to the faux empiricism of econometrics. By this I mean basing itself on the economic and financial data first and foremost—the collection and interpretation of which has been the hallmark of contributions by econophysicists—and by respecting economic history, a topic which has been systematically expunged from economics departments around the world.
Kris Noel, Lionhead|The people they had been last summer, the person she had been--Dicey guessed she'd never be afraid again, not the way she had been all summer. She had taken care of them all, sometimes well, sometimes badly. And they had covered the distances. For most of the summer, they had been unattached. Nobody knew who they were or what they were doing. It didn't matter what they did, as long as they all stayed together. Dicey remembered that feeling, of having things pretty much her own way. And she remembered the feelings of danger. It was a little bit like being a wild animal, she thought to herself. Dicey missed that wildness. She knew she would never have it again. And she missed the sense of Dicey Tillerman against the whole world and doing all right.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning|Better farPursue a frivolous trade by serious means,Than a sublime art frivolously.
Guus Kuijer, The Book of Everything|A turmoil of winds rushed around him, spiraling up in to the air: he was thinking.
John Steinbeck|Mr. Trask, do you think the thoughts of people suddenly become important at a given age? Do you have sharper feelings or clearer thoughts now than when you were ten? Do you see as well, hear as well, taste as vitally?
Steven Redhead, Life Is Simply A Game|In times of need, you will know the souls who love you.
Amit Kalantri|Every wheel wish to be the wheel of a car, and not of just another vehicle.
Walter Mosley, Blue Light|We are not trapped or locked up in these bones. No, no. We are free to change. And love changes us. And if we can love one another, we can break open the sky.
Seraphim Rose, Nihilism: The Root of the Revolution of the Modern Age|What, more realistically, is this “mutation,” the “new man”? He is the rootless man, discontinuous with a past that Nihilism has destroyed, the raw material of every demagogue’s dream; the “free-thinker” and skeptic, closed only to the truth but “open” to each new intellectual fashion because he himself has no intellectual foundation; the “seeker” after some “new revelation,” ready to believe anything new because true faith has been annihilated in him; the planner and experimenter, worshipping “fact” because he has abandoned truth, seeing the world as a vast laboratory in which he is free to determine what is “possible”; the autonomous man, pretending to the humility of only asking his “rights,” yet full of the pride that expects everything to be given him in a world where nothing is authoritatively forbidden; the man of the moment, without conscience or values and thus at the mercy of the strongest “stimulus”; the “rebel,” hating all restraint and authority because he himself is his own and only god; the “mass man,” this new barbarian, thoroughly “reduced” and “simplified” and capable of only the most elementary ideas, yet scornful of anyone who presumes to point out the higher things or the real complexity of life.
Dave Ramsey|Stop the world, I wanna get on!
Debasish Mridha|Many people are not conforming with theism, but they are comfortable with spiritualism.
Jeaniene Frost, Twice Tempted|Nature intended me for the tranquil pursuits of science, by rendering them my supreme delight. But the enormities of the times in which I have lived, have forced me to take a part in resisting them, and to commit myself on the boisterous ocean of political passions.
Maisie Williams|There's video footage of my 10th birthday where I'm wearing, like, a little pink T-shirt. Then my dad comes in brandishing a copy of 'Eraserhead,' going, 'Look what we've got for tonight!'
Christopher Marlowe|Religion in its humility restores man to his only dignity, the courage to live by grace.
Andra Day|It was my 16th birthday - my mom and dad gave me my Goya classical guitar that day. I sat down, wrote this song, and I just knew that that was the only thing I could ever really do - write songs and sing them to people.
Adam Grant|As much as I appreciate people putting me in the category of these very acrobatic belters, I feel like my strength is my... interpretation and my truthfulness with songs, and I don't want young people to think it's all about the high notes that they have to hit.
Ben Fountain, Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk|As in diamonds so in batting, perfection requires flawlessness and nowhere is a batting imperfection more quickly recognised than in the dropped catch. For this reason any innings worthy of consideration deserves to have all its flaws studied to establish whether or not it is the genuine gem or just masquerading as one under the glitter of big hitting or weight of runs.
John Waters|When they throw the water on the witch, she says, “Who would have thought a good little girl like you could destroy my beautiful wickedness”. That line inspired my life. I sometimes say it to myself before I go to sleep, like a prayer.
Greg Pincus, The 14 Fibs of Gregory K.|Good general theory does not search for the maximum generality, but for the right generality.
Jeremy Gordon|A very focused Chinese government, with firm, long-term social and economic goals, and an increasingly assertive international voice, is feeling more pressure from the Chinese dreamers, and is putting more pressure on foreign business interests. The foreign multinationals have their purposes, but also feed resentment that so much of China’s hard work results in easy profits for foreign brands and foreign shareholders. This new reality requires foreign firms to pay much more attention to the social context, and to ensure that they can manage the increased political and regulatory risk. From "Risky Business in China" (Palgrave, September 2014)
Jane   Emery, Four Degrees: Searching for Mr. Right|Sophie was now tied to the massage table with her legs spread and her feet in stirrups. The three men had left the room and the little elfish servant was standing between her taut legs and examining her private parts closely. She closed her eyes. The strange little pervert moved in with his nimble fingers and started to explore her private parts and all the beautiful little nuances between her legs. His head was bent over and very close to her entrance while his fingers probed softly and meticulously but creepily around her delicate flower. Soon he was spreading her moist lips and his fingers began probing alongside and just inside her opening. It was feeling astonishingly rude and lecherous at this point and Sophie was embarrassed at how aroused she felt. She lifted her head to look and ..EEK.. she saw his pointy face between her legs ...and OMG... she was extremely startled to see the length of his huge purple pointed tongue that darted in and out of his mouth while he drooled and masterly fingered her opening. Sophie was now close to delirious. Was this for real? She looked again and yes, it was his tongue and it was a giant, purple, throbbing appendage, thrusting rapidly in and out of his little mouth.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Self-serving biases and self-centered agendas are cotton jammed in the ears of our conscience. Even if truth shouts, we can’t hear it.
Patricia Highsmith|Fantasy, an unflagging optimism is necessary for a writer at all stages of this rough game. A kind of madness is therefore necessary, when there is every logical reason for a state of depression and discouragement. Perhaps the fact that I can react with utter gloom to this is what keeps me from being psychotic and keeps me merely neurotic. I am doing quite a good day's work today. But I am also aware of the madness that actually sustains me, and I am not made more comfortable or happy by it.
Eric D. Weitz, Weimar Germany: Promise and Tragedy|. And it especially cannot endure when powerful groups in that society seek at every turn to undermine and destroy its very being. The threats to democracy are not always from enemies abroad. They can come from those within who espouse the language of democracy and use the liberties afforded them by democratic institutions to undermine the substance of democracy. Weimar cautions us to be wary of those people as well. What comes next can be very bad, even worse than imaginable.
Peter L. Bergen|That always has been one of my dreams, to be able to appeal to a bunch of people.
David Levithan, Every Day|They are so caught up in their happiness that they don't realize I'm not really a part of it. I am wandering along the periphery. I am like the people in the Winslow Homer paintings, sharing the same room with them but not really there. I am like the fish in the aquarium, thinking in a different language, adapting to a life that's not my natural habitat. I am the people in the other cars, each with his or her own story, but passing too quickly to be noticed or understood. . . . There are moments I just sit in my frame, float in my tank, ride in my car and say nothing, think nothing that connects me to anything at all.
John le Carré, Call for the Dead|A lot of people with a lot of ill gotten wealth may think that they have high net worth, but will simply never be worthy of any trust or respect.
Anthony Hopkins|A passionate belief in your business and personal objectives can make all the difference between success and failure. If you aren't proud of what you're doing, why should anybody else be?
John P. Kotter|This is one of the major problems we have. By the way, it was endorsed by leadership on both sides of the aisle and both ends of the Capitol, by the NRA and also by the gun control groups.
Derek Landy, Kingdom of the Wicked|He grabbed me with both hands and began pushing me backward.I lost my balance. The ledge was at an angle, and it was covered with loose gravel. I was less than a foot from the edge.It was at that very moment that the clouds parted. The September sun burst through. The entire world was illuminated.Time shattered into moments.I could see for a hundred miles in every direction.I could see mountain peeks and pristine lakes. And I could somehow feel as well as see the never-ending drop that toyed with me, ruffling my hair, pulling at my back, one step behind me.
Heidegger, Martin|Words in the head are sticky and social creatures – when you finally pull one out, you're liable to get lots of bits of meanings that have rubbed onto them as a result of their palling around with other words.
Jostein Gaarder, The Solitaire Mystery|I have gone around observing your activities from the outside. Because of this I have also been able to see things to which you have been blind... Every morning you have gone to work, but you have never been fully awake. Of course, you have seen the sun and the moon, the stars in the sky, and everything that moves, but you haven't really seen it at all. It is different for the Joker, because he was put into this world with a flaw: He sees too clearly and too much.
Aditya Ajmera|When I am away, I am with it. When I am with it, I am away.
Daniel Boone|While we may be of different faiths, we have a strong sense of faith, family, community. We hold the values of freedom and human rights very high and I think that those are all a part of a very strong quilt that binds us together.
Oskar Schindler|Yeah, it's risky, but no more risky than driving a car.
Marv Wolfman, Fantastic Four: In Search of Galactus|I know that you are a mere flea! I know that you need only be squashed to be done away with! I know that I have fought this same battle a thousand thousand times before...but, perhaps this time I can crush you like the insect you are!
Bones The Doctor in the Photo|There is no such thing as objectivity. We are all just interpreting signals from the universe and trying to make sense of them. Dim, shaky, weak, static-y little signals that only hint at the complexity of a universe we cannot begin to understand.
Camille Perri, The Assistants|The Jewish center on Kings Highway scheduled an interview at the local labor hall downtown for my father to meet one of their counselors in order to asses his skills and capabilities. When my father sat down with the fellow and asked all sorts of questions, his reply was a blank stare. Boris didn't understand a word. He did speak a little English | He knew two words, pipe and chair. So Boris did the smart thing. He kept saying pipe over and over. Whatever question, he simply replied... pipe. The counselor soon got the gist | Boris must be a plumber. He was handed a small slip of paper and was instructed to report to the address penciled on it at 6 am sharp the following day.
George Eliot|Who loves, raves.
|If the Lord is for you, which He unquestionably is, who else other than yourself would dare to stop you from proclaiming your true destiny?
Dada Bhagwan|What do the vitarags [the enlightended one] say? If you want to be beaten up, then beat others. If you want to be slandered, then slander someone.
Dick Morris|I'm sure that President Johnson would never have pursued the war in Vietnam if he'd ever had a Fulbright to Japan, or say Bangkok, or had any feeling for what these people are like and why they acted the way they did. He was completely ignorant.
Laurence Housman|When I start to write, words have become physical presence. It was to see if I could bring that private world to life that found its first expression through reading. I really dislike the romantic notion of the artist.
Chelsea Clinton, She Persisted|So, if anyone ever tells you no, of anyone says your voice isn't important or your dreams are too big, remember these women. They persisted and so should you.
Julian Assange|Unfortunately, what many people forget is that judges are just lawyers in robes.
H.M. Ward, Backdraft|I felt like a trophy child, someone he had around to show off. It felt like it was more important that his daughter was perfect—but, I was his daughter and I was neither of those things. I worked hard to get my grades, and I tried so hard to meet his expectations, but I failed. Over and over again, I fell short. I didn't measure up. That feeling never faded.
Lou Brock|I don't think there's any real motivation for somebody to be a truck driver. Mine was simple; dad was a truck driver, I wanted to own one.
Dalai Lama XIV|If a problem is fixable, if a situation is such that you can do something about it, then there is no need to worry. If it's not fixable, then there is no help in worrying. There is no benefit in worrying whatsoever.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Give not thyself up, then, to fire, lest it invert thee, deaden thee, as for the time it did me. There is a wisdom that is woe; but there is a woe that is madness.
W.H. Auden, Collected Poems|He was my North, my South, my East and West,My working week and my Sunday rest,My noon, my midnight, my talk, my song;I thought that love would last forever: I was wrong.
Azmara Veera|YOU MIGHT LEAVE ME FOR MY BETTER OR WORST, BUT FOR ME, I WANNA LIVE WITH YOU FOR OUR BETTER AND WORST.
Warsan Shire, Teaching My Mother How to Give Birth|I have woken up…quite sloshedfrom night-mingled rainsa little drugged, by mountain fogsI have been kidnappedfor years....by a mere kiss.
Manfred von Richthofen|If there is not the war, you don't get the great general; if there is not a great occasion, you don't get a great statesman; if Lincoln had lived in a time of peace, no one would have known his name.
Rachel Nichols|No matter where I travel in the state, people want to talk about education.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|We, humans, have come up with so many superficialities that are completely unnecessary for our existence and happiness on earth.
Jean-Claude Carrière, Nu sperați că veți scăpa de cărți|Nu mai trăim un prezent placid, ci suntem prinși cu toții în efortul de a ne pregăti permanent pentru viitor.
Louis Nizer|Words of comfort, skillfully administered, are the oldest therapy known to man.
Megan Chance, The Spiritualist|The material world is simply an expression of the mind; that's what so many fail to see. We're so dependent on what is before us that we discount our intuition. Yet if one dismisses instinct, how can one understand or believe in a world that exists beyond one's sight?
Sean DeLauder, The Speaker for the Trees|…brotherhood of the firstborn, which can be both a blessing and a curse: the overwhelming attention to the detail of their lives and development. The expectations that run too high: being the bridge between adults and children, one foot in either place and the accompanying hollow lonely feeling of being nowhere.
Howard Zinn|History is important. If you don't know history it is as if you were born yesterday. And if you were born yesterday, anybody up there in a position of power can tell you anything, and you have no way of checking up on it.
Katherine A. Fowkes, The Fantasy Film|[A] new finding shows that while in the 1940s, three-quarters of those surveyed claimed to dream in black and white, today, three-quarters say the opposite, that they dream in color. This reversal is attributed to a change in the number of people who grew up watching color rather than black and white television... another hint that our private dreams are intimately linked to our collective mediated experiences.
William Shakespeare, Twelfth Night|If music be the food of love, play on.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|The promise of aspiration is that it is evolutionary. The human condition is such that we are always aspiring to be something more, something better, something nobler. It starts as a thought, a want, a need, or a desire and then grows and evolves with intention and direction, upward with lust and hunger. The continued drive feeds the rise.
Julia Child|You'll never know everything about anything, especially something you love.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|To position yourself as an expert, learn everything you can about a subject. Develop your knowledge: read books, attend classes, listen to your market, get training, attend seminars, find a mentor, join a mastermind group of like-minded individuals, watch videos, and study.
Ed Lynskey, After the Big Noise|We sleep peaceably in our beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on our behalf"--Opening to "My Father's Son," attributed to George Orwell
Patrick O'Brian, Desolation Island|You do not mean there is danger of peace?", cried Jack.
Barack Obama|I hope that as the Senate and American people learn more about me, they will see that I am an ordinary person who has been blessed with extraordinary opportunities and experiences.
Alexander the Great|You know,” Taniel said, “we could have kept firing after they sounded the retreat. Would have wiped out thousands on the mountainside. The Kez did that to us in Fatrasta a few times.”Gavril snorted angrily. “War has to have some decorum. Otherwise it’s back to the Bleakening for all of us, and Kresimir be damned.
Leonardo DiCaprio|I went to a performance-art high school, and a teacher there was signing me up for open-mic nights at the comedy club. I think about it now, and I think, 'Well, that may be inappropriate,' but it was great!'
Margaret Weis, Elven Star|Isn't it strange that all life can pretty much end, but the universe goes on as it is? No one else exists, but the moon keeps shining and the stars keep falling.
Thomas E. Woods Jr.|The exaltation of human reason and its capabilities, a commitment to rigorous and rational debate, a promotion of intellectual inquiry and scholarly exchange--all sponsored by the Church--provided the framework for the Scientific Revolution.
Tamar Bobokhidze, Nora's First Day at School|It’s Ms. Hilda’s magic drawer! That’s where Ms. Hilda finds everything we need. Crayons, papers, glitters, candies, everything!
Sherry Argov|We all come to the point where it's time to get yourself straight, as a businesswoman, a mother, whatever you are in life. It's tough love but it's also being real with yourself. It's important to take those rose-coloured glasses off and see what's going on.
Harlan Coben|Curves are the essence of my work because they are the essence of Brazil, pure and simple.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Your personal brand must exude who you are, what you stand for, specifies your target market, what value you intend to add to them and the unique offering through which you will do that.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|There is bound to be turbulence in the clouds of confusion before one can view the friendly skies, and an illuminated landing strip.
Lisa Kleypas, Blue-Eyed Devil|What are you doing?""What I've wanted to do for a long time."She couldn't move, couldn't think. She was lost in his dark eyes, and as he slowly lowered his head toward hers, she whispered, "Are you going to throttle me, then?"He was laughing when he kissed her.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|Some churches, sects, cults or religious movements are basically collective egoic entities, as rigidly identified with their mental positions as the followers of any political ideology that is closed to any alternative interpretation of reality.
Voltaire, A Pocket Philosophical Dictionary|Morality is everywhere the same for all men, therefore it comes from God; sects differ, therefore they are the work of men.
Sara Sheridan|I graduated from university with a degree in architecture and then ended up doing a series of internships with different firms. And once I was in an office environment, I realized that at school what I was doing was 98 percent creative, 2 percent makework, but in the real world, it was the other way around.
Seth Mcfarlane|Number three: Stay away from the church. In the battle over science vs. religion, science offers credible evidence for all the serious claims it makes. The church says, 'Oh, it’s right here in this book, see? The one written by people who thought the sun was magic?' I for one would like to see some proof that there is a God. And if you say 'a baby’s smile' I’m going to kick you right in the stomach.-Stewie
Kimberly Nalen, Beautiful Junkie: Poems about Addiction and Recovery|Some, they didn't make it.The temptation just too strong.How can darkness cloud the mindTo what I know as wrong?
A.D. Posey|Greatness is achieved through kindness, compassion, and love.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Les Mains sales|It is the good children, Madame, who make the most terrible revolutionaries. They say nothing, they do not hide under the table, they eat only one sweet at a time, but later on, they make Society pay dearly for it!
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|It's not my fault I can't be like you, okay? I don't get up in the morning thinking the world is one big, shiny, happy place, okay? That's just not how I work. I don't think I can be fixed.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Luck appears when you are working towards it, not looking for it.
Michael Ben Zehabe, The Meaning of Hebrew Letters: A Hebrew Language Program for Christians|The fall of man did not introduce evil; it placed us on the wrong side of it, under its rule, needing rescue.
Aaron Swartz|I started with CB radio, ham radio, and eventually went into computers. And I was just fascinated with it. And back then, when I was in school, computer hacking was encouraged. It was an encouraged activity. In fact, I remember one of the projects my teacher gave me was writing a log-in simulator.
Samantha Combs|Now that the barn has burned down, I can see the moon. - Persian proverb
Samuel Beckett, Molloy|For in me there have always been two fools, among others, one asking nothing better than to stay where he is and the other imagining that life might be slightly less horrible a little further on. So that I was never disappointed, so to speak, whatever I did, in this domain. And these inseparable fools I indulged turn about, that they might understand their foolishness.
Elias Lönnrot, The Kalevala|Once to swim I sought the sea-side,There to sport among the billows;With the stone of many colorsSank poor Aino to the bottomOf the deep and boundless blue-sea,Like a pretty son-bird, perished.Never come a-fishing, father,To the borders of these waters,Never during all thy life-time,As thou lovest daughter Aino.Mother dear, I sought the sea-side,There to sport among the billows;With the stone of many colors,Sank poor Aino to the bottomOf the deep and boundless blue-sea,Like a pretty song-bird perished.Never mix thy bread, dear mother,With the blue-sea's foam and waters,Never during all thy life-time,As thou lovest daughter Aino.Brother dear, I sought the sea-side,There to sport among the billows;With the stone of many colorsSank poor Aino to the bottomOf the deep and boundless blue-sea,Like a pretty song-bird perished.Never bring thy prancing war-horse,Never bring thy royal racer,Never bring thy steeds to water,To the borders of the blue-sea,Never during all thy life-time,As thou lovest sister Aino.Sister dear, I sought the sea-side,There to sport among the billows;With the stone of many colorsSank poor Aino to the bottomOf the deep and boundless blue-sea,Like a pretty song-bird perished.Never come to lave thine eyelidsIn this rolling wave and sea-foam,Never during all thy life-time,As thou lovest sister Aino.All the waters in the blue-seaShall be blood of Aino's body;All the fish that swim these watersShall be Aino's flesh forever;All the willows on the sea-sideShall be Aino's ribs hereafter;All the sea-grass on the marginWill have grown from Aino's tresses.
Irvin Yalom|The flower replied: you fool! Do you imagine I blossom in order to be seen? I blossom for my own sake because it pleases me, not for the sake of others. My joy consists in my being and my blossoming.
C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory, and Other Addresses|It would seem that Our Lord finds our desires not too strong, but too weak. We are half-hearted creatures, fooling about with drink and sex and ambition when infinite joy is offered us, like an ignorant child who wants to go on making mud pies in a slum because he cannot imagine what is meant by the offer of a holiday at the sea. We are far too easily pleased.
Justin S. Holcomb|Life doesn’t just happen to you. You react to it, and you are not forced to react the way you do. Your heart determines your reactions.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|Deep in her soul, however, she was waiting for something to happen. Like a sailor in distress, she would gaze out over the solitude of her life with desperate eyes, seeking some white sail in the mists of the far-off horizon. She did not know what this chance event would be, what wind would drive it to her, what shore it would carry her to, whether it was a longboat or a three-decked vessel, loaded with anguish or filled with happiness up to the portholes. But each morning, when she awoke, she hoped it would arrive that day, and she would listen to every sound, spring to her feet, feel surprised that it had not come; then at sunset, always more sorrowful, she would wish the next day were already there.
Linda McCartney|Everything happens for a reason. I'm used to it, I prepare for it. Like I say, at the end of the day, those in charge of their own destiny are going to do what's right for them and their family.
Veronica Wolff, Vampire's Kiss|We do not kill good people, for the world is better with them in it.
Roy L. Pickering Jr.|Life was a swirl of mysteries, each one waiting to be plucked up and explored, but not necessarily solved. As the weight of responsibility bore down on a person, it could feel like a long list of chores leading up to the final one - figuring out how to die with dignity. But Quincy’s interpretation of his surroundings seemed a truer representation of life’s meaning, or rather, the lack of meaning other than to dazzle and delight and befuddle from cradle to grave.
Oliver Goldsmith, The Vicar of Wakefield|I love everything that is old; old friends, old times, old manners, old books, old wines.
Bijendra Kumar, Three Jobless Freaks|Struggle only when if its absolute necessity, if you will struggle on every step you can never reach up to the goal.
Michael  Summers, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you last night. We were plug sockets in the bedroom. We saw only a short part of their day, but we knew everything of it.
Avijeet Das|Sometimes all you need to do is just hold on to yourself! Look at the stars in the sky, listen to the sweet murmurings of the breeze, inhale the fragrance of the night, and you will feel fine!
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|My People: Prepared and never scared, fueled by faith in a sea of despair - we rise and we shine, 'cause it's like that'!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|At the end of life, nobody knows where the spirit goes.
Glen Cook, Water Sleeps|Ignorance is an evil weed, which dictators may cultivate among their dupes, but which no democracy can afford among its citizens.
Dennis Prager, The Ten Commandments: Still the Best Moral Code|Sigmund Freud, the father of psychiatry and an atheist, theorized that one’s attitude toward one’s father largely shaped one’s attitude toward God.
Henry Ford|Faith without action is delusion. Faith does not wait for miracles but produces them. If you think you can or if you think you can't, you are right.
Brin-Jonathan Butler|We live in a world of constant juxtaposition between joy that's possible and pain that's all too common. We hope for love and success and abundance, but we never quite forget that there is always lurking the possibility of disaster.
JKJaiswal|Our food is transformed from the moment when its sowed, cultured, grown, until its ready to serve.Our desires are likewise.
Terry Hayes, I Am Pilgrim|It was nice to call my parents and proudly tell them, "My lady garden is going viral." In hindsight, that may have been a poor choice of phrasing.
Helen Drayton, The Crystal Bird|God has created me to do some definite service. He has committed some work to me which He has not committed to another. I have my mission. I am a link in a chain, a bond of connection between persons. He has not created me for naught. I shall do good; I shall do His work.
Deeksha Mittal|The P's of life: Positive, Passionate and Persistent life.
Neil Gaiman|You know what killed off the dinosaurs, Whateley? We did. In one barbecue.
Candis Terry, Anything but Sweet|A rumble gurgled through the space between them."Was that you?"She looked down. "Was that me?""That noise. It sounded like a growl."Well according to you, I am a ferocious car burglar.
Rumiko Takahashi|Helloooo? I just made some changes in my life, and if I don't get back to you as soon as possible, then guess what? You were one of those changes.
Kyra Jackson|Love is beautiful, yet the worst of crimes are committed in the name of love. So when someone claims to love you, you should question their intent.
Richard Louv, Last Child in the Woods: Saving Our Children from Nature-Deficit Disorder|Countless communities have virtually outlawed unstructured outdoor nature play, often because of the threat of lawsuits, but also because of a growing obsession with order. Many parents now believe outdoor play is verboten even when it is not; perception is nine-tenths of the law.
Sunday Adelaja|When I look at the Church today, not just in Africa but worldwide, it seems to me that we have come to love darkness even if we are called Church or some other religious names.
Adam D'Angelo|Am I willing to go to Mars? Yes, but I'm not willing to spend nine months getting there, then wait 18 more months until the planets align to come home.
Michael Haneke|Tell me, how do get away from your own self?” she questioned. I knew what she meant with a sickening realization. They knew what I was. Somehow, they had found out my only secret.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Where you come from is gone, where you thought you were going to never was there, and where you are is no good unless you can get away from it
William Pickens|To cheapen the lives of any group of men, cheapens the lives of all men, even our own. This is a law of human psychology, or human nature. And it will not be repealed by our wishes, nor will it be merciful to our blindness.
Garth Nix, Shade's Children|You were never born with a silver spoon in your mouth. Don't think that way. You were born with a diamond spoon in your palm. Carry it by your own hand. Now, feed yourself
Ayn Rand|I want you, Hank. I'm much more of an animal than you think. I wanted you from the first moment I saw you - and the only thing I'm ashamed of is that I did not know it. I did not know why, for two years, the brightest moments I found were the ones in your office, where I could lift my head to look up at you. I did not know the nature of what I felt in your presence, nor the reason. I know it now. That is all I want, Hank. I want you in my bed - and you are free of me for all the rest of your time. There's nothing you'll have to pretend - don't think of me, don't feel; don't care - I do not want your mind, your will, your being or your soul, so long as it's to me you will come for that lowest one of your desires. I am an animal who wants nothing but the sensation of pleasure which you despise - but I want it from you. You'd give up amy height of virtue for it , while I - I haven't any to give up. There's none I seek or wish to reach. I am so low that I would exchange the greatest sight of beauty in the world for the sight of your figure in the cab of a railroad engine. Amd seeing it, I would not be able to see it indifferently. You don't have to fear that you're now dependent on me. It's I who will depend on any whim of yours. You'll have me anytime you wish, anywhere, on any terms. Did you call it the obscenity of my talent? It's such that it gives you a safer hold on me than on any other property you own. You may dispose of me as you please - I'm not afraid to admit it - I have nothing to protect from you and nothing to reserve. You think that this is a threat to your achievement, but it is not to mine. I will sit at my desk, and work, and when the things around me get hard to bear, I will think that for my reward I will be in your bed that night. Did you call it depravity? I am much more depraved than you are: you hold it as your guilt, and I - as my pride. I'm more proud of it than anything I've done, more proud than of building the Line. If I'm asked to name my proudest attainment, I will say: I have slept with Hank Rearden. I had earned it.
Pearl  Zhu, Unpuzzling Innovation: Mastering Innovation Management in a Structural Way|The best way to foster creativity is to help people communicate in a way that instills confidence, not fear.
Kelsey Brickl, Paint|I guess ignorance is bliss - when I do interviews people always say, "Aren't you upset that people make fun of you?" and I'm like, "Are they making fun of me?" I guess I just don't get it.
Dominique De Menil, The Rothko Chapel: Writings on Art and the Threshold of the Divine|But nobody is visually naive any longer. We are cluttered with images, and only abstract art can bring us to the threshold of the divine.
Laura Gilpin|A river seems a magic thing. A magic, moving, living part of the very earth itself.
Pat Conroy, My Reading Life|Too many people are too angry about language too much of the time. This time could be better spent listening, learning, and enjoying the vast variety of human language around them.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Your thought determines your mood and to a great extent, your mood determines your thought, though sometimes it is hard to determine someone’s thought by the mood of the person! When the mind changes, something changes! When the mind changes, the face changes! Change your mind and see!
Austin Kleon, Show Your Work!: 10 Ways to Share Your Creativity and Get Discovered|Strike all the adjectives from your bio. If you take photos, you're not an 'aspiring' photographer, you're not an 'amazing' photographer either. You're a photographer. Don't get cute. Don't brag. Just state the facts.
P.G. Wodehouse|She ignored my observation. This generally happens with me. Show me a woman, I sometimes say, and I will show you someone who is going to ignore my observations.
Auliq Ice|Without judgments life loses its hierarchical quality of being a choice between preferences and by losing that, it loses it's savor.
A. Lee Martinez, Gil's All Fright Diner|When you cross over into the weird stuff, there's no going back. Hector has a theory on it. Calls it the law of 'Anomalous Phenomena Attraction.' He explained it to me once. Didn't really pay attention, but it boils down to 'weird shit pulls in more weird shit.
Colley Cibber, The Plays of Colley Cibber|Women are aroused by the strangest things, like a rock going through their bedroom window
Josh Turner|Thank God we're living in a country where the sky's the limit, the stores are open late and you can shop in bed thanks to television.
Phillip R. White|Sheridan’s eyes fell to the watery gateway as he begrudgingly donned the novel wetsuit and pulled on the crown of arc lamps. Following Kunchen’s lead, he cinched it tightly around his waist, feet, and neck. And all the while his eyes returned to the teeming portal.Kunchen took notice.“This whirlpool is like the mighty river of life.” Kunchen said.Sheridan watched as Kunchen dipped his right hand into a shallow pool of ice-crusted water, scooping up the pristine liquid in his cupped fingers. He submitted the handful of water to Sheridan. With the gentle tilt of his right hand he poured it out, watching it trickle into his left hand.With unerring kindness in his eyes, Kunchen became the teacher and Sheridan the pupil: “Observe the water. It is soft, easily bending and transforming to its circumstance.”He poured the water from his left hand. It fell into the writhing water and disappeared in an instant.“But when it joins with the force of the whirlpool it becomes powerful and unstoppable. You must be flexible like the water, feeling the flow of life, tapping into its current. This is the only way.
Natalie Babbitt|I know that scenario... that "You are going to die"... bullshit and bullshit I was next to you what did I fucking get?- Simple answers of so complex questions... So simple questions and so complex answers... I never mean that and I never wanted that to happen.
Louise Penny, A Rule Against Murder|Day after day he roamed about in the arctic cold, his soul filled full of bitterness and despair. He saw the world of civilization then more plainly than ever he had seen it before; a world in which nothing counted but brutal might, an order devised by those who possessed it for the subjugation of those who did not.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Don't be discouraged when your life boils hot. With just a little more toil, you'll reap from the soil. More oil to your elbows. Stay awake and make it happen!
|Just because you have a lot of money in your bank account, doesn't mean that you should start feeling rich and spend it all. There is something called, "investment.
Josh Stern, And That’s Why I’m Single|You hate birthdays yet pee your pants over presents. There is clearly something wrong with you," Garrett joked.
Mark Twain|...I only told you about it because I thought I might get a laugh out of you for once even if it wasn't the truth, Jessie. Things don't have to be true to talk about 'em, you know.
Alek Wek|After you pay your E-ZPass bill, there is no reason for the government to keep records of your travel.
Ijeoma Umebinyuo|The white feminist becomes the CEO. The black feminist becomes the exiled rebel. The white feminist speaks about teaching literacy like i should thank her, hold her hand, kiss her for teaching children of darker skin. The black feminist should be grateful. The black feminist wears her natural hair, she is called ‘too rebellious’. The white feminist cuts her hair, she is brave. The white feminist gets featured on TIME. The black feminist is the fine print.
L.E. Sterling, True Born|Frown deepening, Jared bounces a hand off the chair arm. 'You know you're different, Princess. And it's not just because you're some fancy, spoiled rich girl. Hell, you don't smell like anyone else. Money can't buy that smell.' I assume he wasn't talking about my expensive perfume, which money did in fact buy.
Tracey Bond|Consistent and chronic distractions have the power we give it focal access, to rob us of our long-term historic memory of unhurried moments in life where we are divinely invited to experience that which is the lovely, praiseworthy and excellent...give heed to the call of voices in a song that raises the vibration of a melodic verses, in such a spectacular way, that our neurons create a bio-celluar concert to revive the soul of our best memories. . .selah
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at what it can. But life leaps over oblivion lightly, losing only a thing or two of no importance, and gloom is but the passing shadow of a cloud...
Patrick Henry|During 65 years, I have walked the path of duty and discipline... And today, looking back at that long path of service, my soldier's heart stirs and murmurs from deep within: Thank you. Thank you, my homeland.
Laurie Frankel, The Atlas of Love|Poems are surmountable. They have rhymes and rhythms to help you make meaning. They're short enough. . . to read and reread until you've made some sense of them. Short stories are a different ballgame. You read them and understand the words completely. You know what happens in each sentence. You follow the dialogue and action. at the end, you know exactly what's happened. And also you have no idea.
Jazz Feylynn, Colorado State of Mind|I got a whiff of minty fresh breath. Definitely not, what I'd expect from a wild wolf.
Nia Vardalos|The man may be the head of the household. But the woman is the neck, and she can turn the head whichever way she pleases.
Daniel Handler, Why We Broke Up|I gasped and pointed the way. I gave you an adventure, Ed, right in front of you but you never saw it until I showed you, and that's why we broke up.
Vera Wang|From the depth of need and despair, people can work together, can organize themselves to solve their own problems and fill their own needs with dignity and strength.
Ruth Ahmed, When Ali Met Honour|Ummmm hi" and my broken heart twitches in an attempt to start beating again
Rose Macaulay, Dangerous Ages|Politicians would be well advised not to hold their breath for youth to engage in politics any time soon. Today’s youth are the first generation to have realized for real change to occur, it must happen on an individual level rather than at an administrative level.
Debasish Mridha|Life is an adventure, you only win if you are bold and courageous.
Russell M. Nelson|As a medical doctor and cardiac surgeon, I had the responsibility of performing open-heart surgery on President Spencer W. Kimball in 1972, when he was Acting President of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Eventually nothing will matter, this page, where you are sitting, your degree, your job, your money except love and human connection.
Mark Helprin, A Soldier of the Great War|If it weren't for music, I would think that love is mortal.
Anna Agoncillo|Most people think that if you do not love yourself fully, no one else will. That is not true. People are perfectly capable of giving love even if they feel less confident about themselves.
Grace Slick|I think that peace is, in many ways, a precondition of joy.
Robert Zoellick|Everyone knows in the industry that when these great roles come up, every two years, there's a huge number of people up for them. I'm not one of those top five females that can personally finance any film.
Kerry Thornley|[W]e have endless opportunities to forget the self – in planting a tree for future generations; in creating a poem, a meal, a vessel of clay;
Rae La Rae|May you listen to the voice within the beat even when you are tired. When you feel yourself breaking down, may you break open instead. May every experience in life be a door that opens your heart, expands your understanding, and leads you to freedom. If you are weary, may you be aroused by passion and purpose. If you are blameful and bitter, may you be sweetened by hope and humor. If you are frightened, may you be emboldened by a big consciousness far wiser than your fear. If you are lonely, may you find love, may you find friendship. If you are lost, may you understand that we are alllost, and still we are guided—by Strange Angels and Sleeping Giants, by our better and kinder natures, by the vibrant voice within the beat. May you follow that voice, for This is the way—the hero’s journey, the life worth living, the reason we are here.
Rossana Condoleo|We can create transcending stories for readers and for us. Creativity is a double edge sword, which can kill the writer.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|You really didn't see the sadness or the longing unless you already knew it was there. But that was the trick, wasn't it? Everyone had their disappointment and their baggage; only, some people carried it in their inside pockets and not on their backs.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|NATO has a special relationship with countries far away from Europe: Australia, Japan, South Korea. They have joint projects and programmes which are being implemented without these countries becoming members of NATO.
Louise Penny, A Fatal Grace|Fresh from the rarefied environments of Harvard, the author says he purposefully took journalism jobs in small southern towns so that he could learn the art of conversation with ordinary people. Is this gift for listening and for conversation, it seems, that allowed him to produce textured historical narratives of grand impact.
Stephen Richards|Be open to the realization that who you were before and who you are now are two different people, and that what may have made you happy then, may not be the same thing that will make you happy now.
Christian Wiman, My Bright Abyss: Meditation of a Modern Believer|It is as if joy were the default setting of human emotion, not the furtive, fugitive glimpses it becomes in lives compromised by necessity, familiarity, ‘maturity,’ suffering. You must become as little children, Jesus said, a statement that is often used to justify anti-intellectualism and the renunciation of reason, but which I take actually to mean that we must recover this sense of wonder, this excess of spirit brimming out of the body.
Andrew Shue|Running is a great metaphor for life. You set a goal, and then you get to work. How well you do is a direct reflection of how hard you work. It's a mental game, too. There are setbacks along the way, but the true test of a runner is how you overcome and push past them.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|There's something very peaceful about being in love. It can make you light as a feather; so blissfully unaware of anything else of importance. It can make you feel anger, rage, jealousy and lust all in one sentence. But the most important thing that love can give a person is certainty. Certainty that love, real love, will always pull you through your darkest days.
Maggie Georgiana Young, Just Another Number|Children are often like hostages under the care of authority, with spankings and groundings nudging them like guns pointed at their skulls, threatening to shoot if the wrong words are uttered.
Ravi Ravindra, The Wisdom of Patanjali's Yoga Sutras: A New Translation and Guide by Ravi Ravindra|The Self says ‘I AM’–as in the very grand sayings of Christ, especially in the Gospel of John, in which he says in the state of onenenss with Yahweh (which in Hebrew means ‘I AM’), I AM is the way and the truth and the life–but the ego says ‘I am this’ or ‘I am that,’ thus attaching itself only to a small portion of the Vastness. (62)
Steve Hagen, Buddhism Plain and Simple|Belief is at best an educated, informed conjecture about Reality.
Lyle McDonald|If you work and do pure research in this industry as long as I have – and you actually pay attention and do your homework, then this naked and raw truth stands out -> The supplement world of cancer-fighters, CAD-preventers, health-promoters, magic-water – AND/OR - muscle-builders, fat-burners and weight-loss agents – all of them – already have an over-crowded mass grave-yard of previous magic bullets that would supposedly make your life and/or body better – Yes, so promising and heavily promoted “this” era – but so dead and gone the next – leaving in their wake a trail of mass-consumer confusion – but also leaving their actual intention -> a new generation of passive consumers – those who can’t differentiate the sizzle from the steak. Or as W.C. Fields put it so long ago – “There’s a sucker born every minute.” -> There isn’t a supplement on the planet that marks the difference between ‘health or ill-health’ – or between ‘fit or fat.’ - or between ‘results and stagnation.
Alexei Maxim Russell, Alexei Maxim Russell's Field Guide to Assholes|And, too ignorant to be scared, too young to be awed, Tristan Thorn traveled beyond the fields we know...
Sunday Adelaja|In the future, each of us must have the courage to follow our gift or to be engaged in a favorite occupation, even if it does not bring you any income at the moment
Satyaankith|Tiered body, mined, with soul. When ones must swim through all the fake while it is what it is not what one thinks it can be worded it in to and or glamour shot it to be.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|We know that in September, we will wander through the warm winds of summer's wreckage. We will welcome summer's ghost.
Paul Hoffman, The Last Four Things|Do you have any idea how mad you sound?’‘Indeed I do. I have in moments of doubt considered the question of my sanity.’ (...)‘And?’‘Then I consider what a piece of work is man. How defective in reason, how mean his facilities, how ugly in form and movement, in action how like a devil, in apprehension how like a cow. The beauty of the world? The paragon of animals? To me the quintessence of dust.
Ed Begley, Jr.|Environmental disaster is the gravest threat to China's continued development. That's according to me, but it is not some wacko view.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls:Life Lessons from Solo Moments in New York|Manhattan is basically this island in New York, where all the cool stuff is located.
Pamela Cummins, Learn the Secret Language of Dreams|There is no denial in the dreamtime, only subconscious and spiritual truths.
Human Angels|The past and the future are tools of the ego that render us finite. Without our judgments about the past (memories) and without our judgments about the future (expectations), there is only the Here and Now, the eternal present, the timeless time of the Oneness.
Brandon Lawrence, Letters Never Meant to be Read|Embrace the fact that we are human. We are flawed, we aren’t invincible, but we are resilient, and we are alive. So we need to live as such
B.R. Ambedkar|The new fashions sold in departmentstores had thrown skilled American seamstresses out of work, you see.They’d been displaced by immigrant girls doing piecework for a pittancein terrible sweatshops. I refused to patronize a garment industrythat exploited its desperately poor workers so heartlessly.And if that wasn’t enough to keep me out of stores, there was this aswell: I was determined to resist that shameless sister of war propaganda—the advertising industry.
Abbi Glines, Forever Too Far|Hey, it's not a problem," she says, still smiling at me. "If you feel bad about it, pay me in cocoa and I'll do it with you all night if you want."Craig bursts out laughing and Maria looks up at him confused. I groan and press my face into my good hand. Even in college, we're still just a bunch of children sometimes."What's so... eew!" gasps Maria as she finally gets it. Her face turns red as she covers her mouth with her hands to stifle her giggling.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|My very photogenic mother died in a freak accident (picnic, lightning) when I was three, and, save for a pocket of warmth in the darkest past, nothing of her subsists within the hollows and dells of memory, over which, if you can still stand my style (I am writing under observation), the sun of my infancy had set: surely, you all know those redolent remnants of day suspended, with the midges, about some hedge in bloom or suddenly entered and traversed by the rambler, at the bottom of a hill, in the summer dusk; a furry warmth, golden midges.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|I have great respect for the Syrian people, as I do for the rest of the Middle East.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|After dinner Natasha went to the clavichord, at Prince Andrey's request, and began singing. Prince Andrey stood at the window, talking to the ladies, and listened to her. In the middle of a phrase, Prince Andrey ceased speaking, and felt suddenly a lump in his throat from tears, the possibility of which he had never dreamed of in himself. He looked at Natasha singing, and something new and blissful stirred in his soul. He was happy, and at the same time he was sad. He certainly had nothing to weep about, but he was ready to weep. For what? For his past love? For the little princess? For his lost illusions? For his hopes for the future? Yes, and no. The chief thing which made him ready to weep was a sudden, vivid sense of the fearful contrast between something infinitely great and illimitable existing in him, and something limited and material, which he himself was, and even she was. This contrast made his heart ache, and rejoiced him while she was singing.
Primo Levi|Artists to my mind are the real architects of change, and not the political legislators who implement change after the fact.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Finale|I was terrified of what might have happened to you," I choked
V.S. Carnes|Remind me to thank God I don’t have a sister.”Caine eyed him critically. He was a filthy heap of blood and soot and sand stuck to the gun oil on his face. “Yeah,” without much enthusiasm. “I’ll thank Him for ya.
Gino Norris, Stress Diary Journal|Every great accomplishment has its share of struggle, adversity and pain. Great achievement can not exist without them. To achieve true success in our relationships and in our careers we need to be prepared to push through some pretty tough stuff. On the other side of that pain awaits an intrinsic reward that is worth so much more than anything you can ever imagine.
Kate Rossiter|Once you take the time to consider the other person's perspective, you will become sympathetic to his feel ins and ideas. You will be able to authentically and honestly say, "I don't blame you for feeling as you do. If I were in your position, I would feel just as you do.
Ryan Zinke|I trust myself, the way I prepare. I feel like I know what I'm doing.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Sometimes things will not go as planned, but don't lose hope. Stay focused on whatever you are trying to accomplish. There will be a breakthrough soon. Understand that all things take time. You may not be there yet, but you're on the right path towards success.
Kate Hudson|Early in my career, I got roles that demanded that I be fit to carry off the angry young man look. Of course, I'm a fitness freak, and that's something I picked up from my dad.
Auliq Ice|Life can be tough at times, but each time you fall, is another lesson to learn from.
J.S.B. Morse, Now and at the Hour of Our Death|People aren't crazy, they’re just reacting normally to an abnormally crazy world.
Mickey Mantle|I am not Superwoman. The reality of my daily life is that I'm juggling a lot of balls in the air trying to be a good wife and mother, trying to be the prime-ministerial consort at home and abroad, barrister and charity worker, and sometimes one of the balls gets dropped.
Robert Fulghum|To be an ideal guest, stay at home.
Sheila Walsh, Loved Back to Life: How I Found the Courage to Live Free|I never knew You lived so close to the floor,but every time I am bowed down,crushed by this weight of grief,I feel Your hand on my head,Your breath on my cheek,Your tears on my neck.You never tell me to pull myself together,to stem the flow of many years.You simply stay by my sidefor as long as it takes,so close to the floor.
Thomas Jefferson, Adams-Jefferson Letters|Bigotry is the disease of ignorance, of morbid minds; enthusiasm of the free and buoyant. Education and free discussion are the antidotes of both. We are destined to be a barrier against the returns of ignorance and barbarism. Old Europe will have to lean on our shoulders, and to hobble along by our side, under the monkish trammels of priests and kings, as she can. What a Colossus shall we be when the Southern continent comes up to our mark! What a stand will it secure as a ralliance for the reason & freedom of the globe! I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. So good night. I will dream on, always fancying that Mrs Adams and yourself are by my side marking the progress and the obliquities of ages and countries.
Julia J. Gibbs, The Oaks Remain|The Eiani cleansed, refreshed, and rejuvenated me. In order to heal, it first had to burn away the dead, consume the decay, then force new life where death had once resided
Valerie Jarrett|I didn't understand that I could sing until I was like 11 or 12. My mom heard me singing around the house and she said, What are you doing? You really can sing! So then I started going to school and singing to the girls.
Germaine Greer|The breaking wave and the muscle as it contracts obey the same law. Delicate line gathers the body's total strength in a bold balance. Shall my soul meet so severe a curve, journeying on its way to form?
Satya Nadella|Well you can't teach the poetry, but you can teach the craft.
Adele          Rose, Shattered|Quiet,â€� she hissed at me, her voice shockingly aggressive for such a small person. â€œOtherwise, Iâ€™ll shut you up myself.
Rick H. Blase|The Los Angeles parade would begin in Griffith Park, where a large crowd would assemble and the speeches would be given. Every politician of consequence would be there. There was no way they would miss a chance to publicly praise the troops and honor those who had lost their lives in service.Some of the tributes would be sincere and heartfelt, and some less so. But participating in the event, vowing undying support for the U.S. military, was an absolute must to maintain political viability. It was okay to vote to cut funds for veterans' healthcare, but don't dare miss a chance to jump on the Memorial Day bandwagon.
Deyth Banger|Lila backed away toward the curtain. "Do you just... stand here until I need you?"The woman smiled and dug a volume from a pocket. "I have a book.""Let me guess, a religious text?""Actually," said Ister, perching on the low couch, "it's about pirates."Lila smiled.
Mandy Steward, Thrashing About with God: Finding Faith on the Other Side of Everything|I do believe Jesus died so we could feel freed up to go after life to the full, so we would feel equpped to take risks and not beat ourselves up when we fail. He didn't die to make our lives look perfect. He died so we could stop feeling as if our lives have to be perfect for them to mean something.
Ernest Hemingway, The Snows of Kilimanjaro and Other Stories|Whenever we use our religion, as individuals, or as groups within the church, to act in tandem with political and economic groups that arrest the voice of truth or destroy others, then we are Judas.
Rick Riordan|And please God, grant me the wisdom to remember that I am writing for children, not golden stickers.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|I won't ever leave you, even though you're always leaving me.
Anthony T. Hincks|Even jellyfish have a life. So, what's your excuse?
Jeff Giles|If you can get humor and seriousness at the same time, you've created a special little thing, and that's what I'm looking for, because if you get pompous, you lose everything.
William M. Kunstler|And that’s the terrible myth of organized society. That everything that’s done through the established system is legal. And that word has a powerful psychological impact. It makes people believe that there is an order to life and an order to a system. And that a person who goes through this order and is convicted has gotten all that is due him and therefore society can turn its conscious off and look to other things and other times. And that’s the terrible thing about these past trials that they have this aura of legitimacy an aura of legality. I suspect that better men than the world has known and more of them have gone to their deaths through a legal system then through all the illegalities in the history of man. Six million people in Europe during the Third Reich, legal, Sacco and Vanzetti, quite legal, the Haymarket defendants, legal, the hundreds of rape trials throughout the south where black men were condemned to death all legal, Jesus legal, Socrates legal and that is the kaleidoscopic nature of what we live through here and in other places because all tyrants learn that it is far better to do this thing through some semblance of legality than to do it without that pretext.
Michelle Obama|Jazz, to me, is one of the inherent expressions of Negro life in America: the eternal tom-tom beating in the Negro soul - the tom-tom of revolt against weariness in a white world, a world of subway trains, and work, work, work; the tom-tom of joy and laughter, and pain swallowed in a smile.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Not until you change your lens, true beauty shall always look ugly to you!
Alephonsion Deng, They Poured Fire on Us From the Sky: The True Story of Three Lost Boys from Sudan|We’d never handled guns so when we saw a person handle it and it went bang, we knew that thing killed. We called it the harmful stick. We learned quickly that if somebody points the stick at you, you die.
Robin Gregory|Hello, my name is your potential. But you can call me impossible. I am the missed opportunities. I am the expectations you will never fulfill. I am always taunting you, regardless of how hard you try, regardless of how much you hope.
Holly Lynn Payne, The Sound of Blue: A Novel|I listened; I wrote; I learned. I do not know why so many women trusted me enough to speak to me, but underneath anything I write one can hear the percussive sound of their heartbeats. If one has to pick one kind of pedagogy over all others, I pick listening. It breaks down prejudices and stereotypes; it widens self-imposed limits; it takes one into another's life, her hard times and, if there is any, her joy too.
Mike Nichols|I was not good in school. I could never read very fast or very well. I got tested for learning disabilities, for dyslexia. Then I got put on Ritalin and Dexedrine. I took those starting in the eighth grade. As soon as they pumped that drug into me, it would focus me right in.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|For this entire walk, my desire had ashamed me, as if my wanting to be kissed that night mitigated the fault of Junior's sudden deafness. I'd been given stacks of reasons to blame myself for an act of violence committed by another. I had blamed my flirting for his subsequent felony. My college taught me: my rape was my shame. Everyone I'd trusted asked only what I might have done to let it happen. In my gut, I'd always believed I'd caused it.I finally questioned it.
Zoe Sugg|Boys often have permission to become men without the forfeiture of their desirability. And so these men write stories that grasp at girls who are ghosts twice over: first by being dead and second by being shallow shadows of actual girls, the assorted fragments of men's aging imaginations rather than the deep and dimensioned creatures that real girls are.
Baris Gencel|Information is nutrition, knowledge is nutrition, art is nutrition and they set us free. Internet is a great library, great library is a freedom within wisdom in this digital age
Dr. Dragos, Engineering Success: The True Meaning of Leadership and Team Building|When you address and acknowledge unpleasant realities, your creativity begins to soar and you come up with apparently magical solutions to problems.
M.R. Carey, The Girl with All the Gifts|Every adult grew from a kid who beat the odds. But at different times, in different places, the odds have been appallingly steep.
Turcois Ominek|Do not lower your expectations in order to avoid hurt. Instead, keep your expectations high and learn to tackle with disappointments.
Gillian Jacobs|I feel like if you enjoyed the 119 hours that precede the finale of 'Lost,' is that whole experience ruined by the fact that you might not agree with everything that we did in the finale? I would hope not! I would hope that you would appreciate the fact that you were entertained for 119 hours even if you didn't love the finale.
John Bytheway, When Times Are Tough: 5 Scriptures That Will Help You Get Through Almost Anything|If someone were to ask whether communications skills or meekness is most important to a marriage, I'd answer meekness, hands down. You can be a superb communicator but still never have the humility to ask, 'Is it I?' Communication skills are no substitute for Christlike attributes. As Dr. Douglas Brinley has observed, 'Without theological perspectives, secular exercises designed to improve our relationship and our communication skills (the common tools of counselors and marriage books) will never work any permanent change in one's heart: they simply develop more clever and skilled fighters!
Reinhold Niebuhr|There's a Good Book about goodness and how to be good and so forth, but there's no Evil Book about how to be evil and how to be bad. The Devil had no prophets to write his Ten Commandments, and no team of authors to write his biography. His case has gone completely by default. We know nothing about him but a lot of fairy stories from our parents and schoolmasters. He has no book from which we can learn the nature of evil in all its forms, with parables about evil people, proverbs about evil people, folklore about evil people. All we have is the living example of people who are least good, or our own intuition.
Gregory C. Carlson, Sold on Language: How Advertisers Talk to You and What This Says about You|As the unexpected becomes ordinary, the spotlight shifts once again to land where your brain thinks it will get more informational bang for the attentional buck.
J.M. Coetzee, Youth|Therapy is to make one happy. What is the point of that? Happy people are not interesting. Better to accept the burden of unhappiness and try to turn it into something worthwhile, poetry or music or painting: that is what he been believes.
Anmol Rawat, A Little Chorus of Love|If you can forget the person you love, you have not loved enough.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|She returned to him, pressed his cheeks in her hands. "My eccentric old man, thinking you could fly.""This time, only my words will fly," he said solemnly. They both cracked up. Almost twenty years together and if blazing heat had turned to warmth, humor, it was less wild but easier to sustain.
Jonathan Krisel|Thank God for YouTube. Every Thanksgiving, I'm bombarded with 'Turkey Lurkey Time.'
Charles J. Shields|No one knows his true character until he has run out of gas, purchased something on the installment plan and raised an adolescent.
Lynn G. Robbins|Too many believe that love is a condition, a feeling that involves 100 percent of the heart, something that happens to you. They disassociate love from the mind and, therefore, from agency. In commanding us to love, the Lord refers to something much deeper than romance — a love that is the most profound form of loyalty. He is teaching us that love is something more than feelings of the heart; it is also a covenant we keep with soul and mind.
Leo Tolstoy, Resurrection|Wolves eat dogs." That did seem to be the consensus of the village, Arkady thought. Roman shook his head as if he'd given the matter a lot of consideration. "Wolves hate dogs. Wolves hunt down dogs because they regard them as traitors. If you think about it, dogs are dogs only because of humans; otherwise they'd all be wolves, right? And where will we be when all the dogs are gone? It will be the end of civilization.
Jerome K. Jerome, Three Men in a Boat|Ser Cleos looked like a weasel, fought like a goose, and had the courage of an especially brave ewe.
Tom Ridge|The only power any government has is the power to crack down on criminals. Well, when there aren't enough criminals, one makes them. One declares so many things to be a crime that it becomes impossible for men to live without breaking laws.
Richard Ronald Allan, Exit Eleonora|She captured the spot of my world’s centre and sent me in elliptic rings about it, causing the ground beneath me to vanish and the breath of my lungs to disperse. I was a rock locked in helpless orbit.
Aria Beth Sloss, Autobiography of Us|It isn't an easy business (...) Love, he said finally. I was referring to love, Rebecca.
Dada Bhagwan|It is Vitaraag vignan [the Spiritual Science of the Enlightened Ones] to look at gain, and to see losses is the knowledge of worldly wanderings.
Sharon Kay Penman, When Christ and His Saints Slept|It was just like him, she thought; with him, a happy ending was always a foregone conclusion. But such was the power of his faith that when she was with him; she found herself believing in happy endings, too.
Richard Wright, Black Boy|When I was a schoolgirl my safe haven was a place at the uninhabited part of my parents’ house. I used to climb up to the large windowsill that was facing a spreading plum-tree in the garden. Reading books, or penning my own stories, diaries and poems, it was especially fun to rest there during the warmer seasons of the year with an open window, when the tree was all covered with tender, odorous blossom in spring, and with rich purple fruitage in summer.
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|And then it occurs to me. They are frightened. In me, they see their own daughters, just as ignorant, just as unmindful of all the truths and hopes they have brought to America. They see daughters who grow impatient when their mothers talk in Chinese, who think they are stupid when they explain things in fractured English. They see that joy and luck do not mean the same to their daughters, that to these closed American-born minds "joy luck" is not a word, it does not exist. They see daughters who will bear grandchildren born without any connecting hope passed from generation to generation.
G.K. Chesterton|The objection to fairy stories is that they tell children there are dragons, but children have always known there are dragons. Fairy stories tell children that dragons can be killed.
Brian Tracy, Focal Point: A Proven System to Simplify Your Life, Double Your Productivity, and Achieve All Your Goals|You are where you are and what you are because of yourself, nothing else. Nature is neutral. Nature doesn't care. If you do what other successful people do, you will enjoy the same results and rewards that they do. And if you don't, you won't.
Carol Griglione, Animal Rescue League of Iowa for Love of Cats: A Hands on Journey|Often at shelters, we hear, 'I told my child she could get a pet, but she will have to take care of him.' That is an unrealistic expectation and often results in the pet being returned days, weeks, or months later. It is hard for pets to go in and out of a home. They bond with their humans and when they find themselves at a shelter, they become stressed at being taken away from home and the people they love. When an 'easy-way-out' decision is made to give up a pet, we are teaching our children that animals can be given away, turned away, and gotten rid of at the drop of a hat. If you are considering getting a cat or kitten, go into it fully aware that the adults in the home will have to help with the care of the pet.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|There's nothing deeper than love. In fairy tales, the princesses kiss the frogs, and the frogs become princes. In real life,the princesses kiss princes, and the princes turn into frogs.
Thomas Henry Lister|Your advice seems a little ironical.""Oh, you may either follow it or reverse it—that is its chief beauty. It is equally good taken either way.
Jean Nathan, The Secret Life of the Lonely Doll: The Search for Dare Wright|Children read their favorite books to death, she said. They are careless in their devotions. They rip the pages, scribble, and spill things on them. And they are demon book thieves.
Jeffrey McDaniel|Hey you, dragging the halo-how about a holiday in the islands of grief? Tongue is the word I wish to have with you.Your eyes are so blue they leak.Your legs are longer than a prisoner'slast night on death row.I'm filthier than the coal miner's bathtuband nastier than the breath of Charles Bukowski.You're a dirty little windshield.I'm standing behind you on the subway, hard as calculus. My breathbe sticking to your neck like graffiti.I'm sitting opposite you in the bar, waiting for you to uncross your boundaries.I want to rip off your logicand make passionate sense to you.I want to ride in the swing of your hips.My fingers will dig in you like quotation marks, blazing your limbs into parts of speech.But with me for a lover, you won't needcatastrophes. What attracted me in the first placewill ultimately make me resent you.I'll start telling you lies, and my lies will sparkle, become the bad stars you chart your life by.I'll stare at other women so blatantlyyou'll hear my eyes peeling, because sex with you is like Great Britain: cold, groggy, and a little uptight.Your bed is a big, soft calculatorwhere my problems multiply.Your brain is a garageI park my bullshit in, for free.You're not really my new girlfriend, just another flop sequel of the first one, who was based on the true story of my mother.You're so ugly I forgot how to spell.I'll cheat on you like a ninth grade math test, break your heart just for the sound it makes.You're the 'this' we need to put an end to.The more you apologize, the less I forgive you.So how about it?
Debra Anastasia, Crushed Seraphim|There is something about me, doll face. It’s between my legs, and I do believe a few minutes ago you were praying to it.
Anthony Iwuchukwu|Free time was the most precious time, when you should be doing what you loved, or at least slowing down enough to remember what made your life worthwhile and happy.
Seyi Ayoola|Enlightenment, awakening or liberation can never be attained by seeking or desiring. It is realized only through experience.
Charles Eisenstein, The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible|The holistic acupuncturist and the sea turtle rescuer may not be able to explain the feeling, 'We are serving the same thing,' but they are. Both are in service to an emerging story of the People that is the defining mythology of a new kind of civilization.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Life: It is better not to wrap philosophy around such an inconceivable evolving beautiful mystery. If based on perception, alone; whatever the conclusion - it is still guessing.
Craig Bruce|Imagine a country that flies into space, launches Sputniks, creates such a defense system, and it can't resolve the problem of women's pantyhose. There's no toothpaste, no soap powder, not the basic necessities of life. It was incredible and humiliating to work in such a government.
Dennis L. McKiernan, Caverns of Socrates|Our friend Tuesday," said the President in a deep voice at once of quietude and volume, "our friend Tuesday doesn't seem to grasp the idea. He dresses up like a gentleman, but he seems to be too great a soul to behave like one. He insists on the ways of the stage conspirator. Now if a gentleman goes about London in a top hat and a frock-coat, no one need know that he is an anarchist. But if a gentleman puts on a top hat and a frock-coat, and then goes about on his hands and knees — well, he may attract attention. That's what Brother Gogol does. He goes about on his hands and knees with such inexhaustible diplomacy, that by this time he finds it quite difficult to walk upright.""I am not good at goncealment," said Gogol sulkily, with a thick foreign accent; "I am not ashamed of the cause.""Yes you are, my boy, and so is the cause of you," said the President good-naturedly. "You hide as much as anybody; but you can't do it, you see, you're such an ass! You try to combine two inconsistent methods. When a householder finds a man under his bed, he will probably pause to note the circumstance. But if he finds a man under his bed in a top hat, you will agree with me, my dear Tuesday, that he is not likely ever to forget it. Now when you were found under Admiral Biffin's bed—""I am not good at deception," said Tuesday gloomily, flushing."Right, my boy, right," said the President with a ponderous heartiness, "you aren't good at anything.
Robin Sacredfire|In times of war, as in life, surround yourself with people of value, virtue and high morals, because it's always better to lose, perish and vanish in glory than to live in shame.
Damon Suede|Griff held his breath, waiting for it, knowing the axe would fall and he‘d start dying as soon as he walked out the fucking door, and Dante would just grin and joke and try to forget what they had done together in this room.
Faith Sullivan, Hold Me Tight|Eve was good, he conceded, adding the file he’d just finished to the growing stack on the floor at his feet. Given the proper education and training, she could be great. He stretched the kinks out of limbs stiffened from too much time spent in one position.Why didn’t she do more with her talent?He started to ask her, then realized she was sound asleep, curled up in the overstuffed chair. The sun no longer shone through the front window, and his stomach told him it was getting close to lunchtime, but she looked so adorable curled up with her hands under her cheek and her tanned knees against her chest that Matt was in no hurry to leave.
Penny Reid|Sandra.”“Thomas, I….”“You called.” He sounded concerned.“Yes, I….”“Why are you calling? Are you harmed?”“No….”“Are you rescheduling our Saturday lunch?”“No….”“Is this an emergency?”“Stop asking questions and just listen.”“Why are you calling?”I sighed, rolled my eyes. This was why I never called Thomas. “I need your help.”“Do you need money?”“Thomas, I swear, if you ask me another question, I will secretly switch your caffeinated with decaf during Saturday lunch at least three times over the next six months.”I could tell he was thinking about my threat, weighing it against the compulsion of his curiosity. Belatedly he said, “Proceed
Allen Carr, Allen Carr's Easy Way to Stop Smoking: Be a Happy Non-smoker for the Rest of Your Life|The drawing is also a reminder that there’s an artist within each of us, and we must encourage that artist to do the work, to make something that matters, regardless of anything else that is going on.
Ali ibn Abi Talib|Those who have castrated themselves from all sin for the sake of the kingdom of heaven, are blessed; they abstain from the world.
Kate Millett|The very existence of government at all, infers inequality. The citizen who is preferred to office becomes the superior to those who are not, so long as he is the repository of power, and the child inherits the wealth of the parent as a controlling law of society.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Fat’ is usually the first insult a girl throws at another girl when she wants to hurt her.I mean, is ‘fat’ really the worst thing a human being can be? Is ‘fat’ worse than ‘vindictive’, ‘jealous’, ‘shallow’, ‘vain’, ‘boring’ or ‘cruel’? Not to me; but then, you might retort, what do I know about the pressure to be skinny? I’m not in the business of being judged on my looks, what with being a writer and earning my living by using my brain…I went to the British Book Awards that evening. After the award ceremony I bumped into a woman I hadn’t seen for nearly three years. The first thing she said to me? ‘You’ve lost a lot of weight since the last time I saw you!’‘Well,’ I said, slightly nonplussed, ‘the last time you saw me I’d just had a baby.’What I felt like saying was, ‘I’ve produced my third child and my sixth novel since I last saw you. Aren’t either of those things more important, more interesting, than my size?’ But no – my waist looked smaller! Forget the kid and the book: finally, something to celebrate!I’ve got two daughters who will have to make their way in this skinny-obsessed world, and it worries me, because I don’t want them to be empty-headed, self-obsessed, emaciated clones; I’d rather they were independent, interesting, idealistic, kind, opinionated, original, funny – a thousand things, before ‘thin’. And frankly, I’d rather they didn’t give a gust of stinking chihuahua flatulence whether the woman standing next to them has fleshier knees than they do. Let my girls be Hermiones, rather than Pansy Parkinsons.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|Qui plussait, plus se tait. French, you know. The more a man knows, the less he talks.
Billy Crystal|I really wanted to be a mom. I didn't want my kids to be raised by a nanny, which would have been the case if I were working two movies in a year, you know? And I would have been hospitalized with fatigue.
Stacy Schiff|The poem is not, as someone put it, deflective of entry. But the real question is, 'What happens to the reader once he or she gets inside the poem?' That's the real question for me, is getting the reader into the poem and then taking the reader somewhere, because I think of poetry as a kind of form of travel writing.
Adrienne Rich, Diving Into the Wreck|Each night I am nailed into placeand forget who I am.Daddy? That's another kind of prison.It's not the prince at all, but my fatherdrunkeningly bends over my bed, circling the abyss like a shark, my father thick upon melike some sleeping jellyfish.What voyage is this, little girl? This coming out of prison? God help -this life after death?
Nikhil Bhardwaj, O Amor|He couldn't escape it. She'd begun re-calibrating his senses the moment she came through that library door. His peripheral vision was now trained for flashes of golden hair: his ears, trained for her melodic laugh. He found himself following the drifting scent of her soap and dusting powder, like a dog panting after the butcher's wife.
Dhaval Gajera|When you select a career, it not only affects you but many people who depend on your work.
Andrew Dominik|Our great Republic is a government of laws and not of men. Here, the people rule.
Latika Teotia|Please be kind to your body, take care of it; because it loves you unconditionally. There is an army/ a plethora of organisms that are at work day and night without a moment’s respite to keep it going. It protects you from illnesses; repairs cuts and heals broken bones. Your heart doesn’t stop beating, even when you are asleep or resting; it snatches those very few moments between heartbeats. Despite the misuse that you put it to, it always faithfully and dutifully takes it in its stride. In a nutshell- it never lets you down and serves you with all its heart. So, be kind to it, don’t punish it for loving you.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|If good men pretend to be villains, how is anybody supposed to know the difference between them?
Debasish Mridha|My wish for you is that your life will always be filled with an abundance of love, joy, and wonderful, amazing moments.
Debasish Mridha|If you're under stress, your life is complex. Simplify your life to reduce the stress.
Charles Lyell, Principles of Geology|I have looked further into space than ever human being did before me. I have observed stars of which the light, it can be proved, must take two million years to reach the 
Yevgeny Zamyatin|Life itself has lost its plane reality: it is projected, not along the old fixed points, but along the dynamic coordinates of Einstein, of revolution. In this new projection, the best-known formulas and objects become displaced, fantastic, familiar-unfamiliar. This is why it is so logical for literature today to be drawn to the fantastic plot, or to the amalgam of reality and fantasy. ("The New Russian Prose")
Megan Abbott, Dare Me|It is not aloofness, superiority. It’s a protection. Who in this ravaged battlefield doesn’t want to gather close her comrades?
Alexander Pope|Yes, I am proud; I must be proud to seeMen not afraid of God afraid of me.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|If you want God as a tranquilizer, it is okay as an idea, but if you want the Divine to be an awakening process in your life, an idea is not good enough.
Lucy Beckett, The Time Before You Die: A Novel of the Reformation|I grew up believing Christians didn’t just believe in Jesus. To be saved, people had to look and speak a certain way. They followed a long list of nots to ensure their holiness. They fit the mold. They followed the rules.
Diana Wynne Jones|In a way it was worth it, she thought, except that it was such a total waste.
Mehmet Murat ildan|How can you get giants out of a dwarf, my good chap? Can a thrush lay eagle’s egg? Can a dolphin give birth to a whale?
Debolina Bhawal|A mother's love, it knows no end. It begins with a dream, with a silent wish, and it never ever ends.
Steven Herrick|He walks through the house of his past, hoping he'll find the right door, hoping he'll find the key.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|I love Hitler for his leadership, but I abhor his actions.
Geoffrey Wood|And keep them thinking in terms of 'being good' as this is not an end so much as a means to something else —happiness, respect, self-esteem, etc… And whatever their true end is, take it away, and so goes their goodness.
Peter Levi, The Light Garden of the Angel King: Travels in Afghanistan with Bruce Chatwin|One day, walking neer one of your Yuman houses, smelling all the interest with snout, I herd, from inside, the most amazing sound. Turns out, what that sound is, was: the Yuman voice, making werds. They sounded grate! They sounded like prety music! I listened to those music werds until the sun went down...
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|You are the trembling of time, that passesbetween vertical light and darkened sky,
Jean Grasso Fitzpatrick, Something More: Nurturing Your Child's Spiritual Growth|Real Fathers make a positive impact on their generation, and so give the next generation the advantage of a better nation to live in
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|From personal experience, I know for sure that the number one thing that saddens the dead more than our grief — is not being conscious of their existence around us. They do want you to talk to them as if they were still in a physical body. They do want you to play their favorite music, keep their pictures out, and continue living as if they never went away. However, time and "corruption" have blurred the lines between the living and the dead, between man and Nature, and between the physical and the etheric. There was a time when man could communicate with animals, plants, the ether, and the dead. To do so requires one to access higher levels of consciousness, and this knowledge has been hidden from us. Why? Because then the plants would tell us how to cure ourselves. The animals would show us their feelings, and the dead would tell us that good acts do matter. In all, we would come to know that we are all one. And most importantly, we would be alerted of threats and opportunities, good and evil, truth vs. fiction. We would have eyes working for humanity from every angle, and this threatens "the corrupt". Secret societies exist to hide these truths, and to make sure lies are preserved from generation to generation.
Bawb Cawx|Righteous indignation calls sin what it is. Bigotry is sin. Racism is sin. Oppression is sin. Control by fear is sin. Violence is sin. The quicker we can all admit that, the quicker the healing will begin.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|What is an adventure, I might ask? And in the asking, I might begin to understand that my adventures are sorely limited to the confines of my lackluster imagination. Therefore, an adventure of the most robust and wild sort must be constructed by an unlimited imagination. And unless I am mistaken, only God has an imagination like that.
Lisa Lantieri|At best, IQ contributes about 20 percent to the factors that determine life success, which leaves 80 percent to other forces.
Louise Erdrich, Four Souls|I shared with Fleur the mysterious self-contempt of the survivor. There were times we hated who we were, and who we had to become, in order not to follow those we loved into the next world. We grew hard. We became impenetrable, sparing of our pity. Sorrows that leveled other people were small to us. We made no move to avoid pain. Sometimes we even welcomed it--we were clumsy with knives, fire, boiling water, steel traps. Pain took our minds off the greater pain that was the mistake that we still existed.
Saul Bellow|New York, like London, seems to be a cloacina [toilet] of all the depravities of human nature.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|Did Jesus Christ, he asked, suspect that someday his church would spread to the farthest corners of Earth? Did Jesus Christ, he asked, ever have what we, today, call an idea of the world? Did Jesus Christ, who apparently knew everything, know that the world was round and to the east lived the Chinese (this sentence he spat out, as if it cost him great effort to utter it) and to the west the primitive peoples of America? And he answered himself, no, although of course in a way having an idea of the world is easy, everybody has one, generally an idea restricted to one's village, bound to the land, to the tangible and mediocre things before one's eyes, and this idea of the world, petty, limited, crusted with the grime of the familiar, tends to persist and acquire authority and eloquence with the passage of time.
Bonita Gutierrez, The Werewolf Whisperer|Speaking Akil’s name around Stefan felt like throwing gasoline on a bushfire." ~ Muse
Isaac Asimov, Foundation and Empire|I got over shy a really long time ago. I'm queer, I'm feline, get used to it.
Jenna McCarthy|Marriage, as an institution, is as dead as the dodo bird.
Steven Herrick, A Place Like This|I'm not sure if my dream is a dream, or a nightmare.
Oche Otorkpa|From New Delhi to New York, from Durban to Rio; women andgirls are been hunted down by rapists, abused by pedophiles andemotionally decapitated by a society that is becoming increasinglyhostile to the womenfolk
Hayley DiMarco, Cupidity: 50 Stupid Things People Do For Love And How To Avoid Them|If in doubt, keep quiet. Play safe, talk less, and observe.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The grace of God has been tested in the crucible of human experience, and has been found to be more than an equal for the problems and sins of humanity.
Debasish Mridha|We may not control a situation, but we can control our responses and actions.
Ray Bradbury|Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
Walt Disney Company, Belle's Discovery|The night before, Belle had stayed up past her bedtime, making a few changes to her doll with her father's tools. She couldn't help it. Inspiration had struck. Her father always told her that when inspiration strikes, you must grab it.
Jack Dempsey|The soul is a muscle, and it needs to be exercised a little every day. Say a morning prayer just to say something.
Richard Flanagan|A director's dream? No, Bollywood reality in 1995.Business is booming, but cliché's are passée. A different sort of breeze-fresh, young-is unsettling fatigued conventions.
Eva Ibbotson, Journey to the River Sea|They were steaming out of the station before Maia asked, 'Was it books in the trunk?''It was books, admitted Miss Minton.And Maia said, 'Good.
W.H. Auden|No poet or novelist wishes he was the only one who ever lived, but most of them wish they were the only one alive, and quite a number believe their wish has been granted.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Motivation is a state of mind, just like discouragement.
Debasish Mridha|The best treatment for stress, anxiety, and depression is to change your perception by knowing that all of this is coming from a fear induced illusion.
Gina Barreca|Endure, my heart; yea, a baser thing thou once didst bear
Koushun Takami, Battle Royale|The only thing of value on this earth is that each of us is an individual and not a cog in a machine. No man is better than another because of circumstance or fortune, but each important to his own.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|All believers are called to be holy in mind, body, and spirit (1 Peter 1:15).
R. Bosworth Smith, Mohammed and Mohammedanism|He was Caesar and Pope in one; but he was Pope without Pope's pretensions, Caesar without the legions of Caesar: without a standing army, without a bodyguard, without a palace, without a fixed revenue; if ever any man had the right to say that he ruled by the right divine, it was Mohammed, for he had all the power without its instruments and without its supports. He cared not for the dressings of power. The simplicity of his private life was in keeping with his public life." 
Cassandra Giovanni, Faded Perfection|I kissed him and let that emotion consume me, to settle the pain that had risen inside my soul—to heal the pain I knew he felt. I let it consume and override the doubt that all we really needed was one another. That this empty hole could be filled with the love we felt for one another.
Marie Kondō, The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up: The Japanese Art of Decluttering and Organizing|When we take our clothes in our hands and fold them neatly, we are, I believe, transmitting energy, which has a positive effect on our clothes. Folding properly pulls the cloth taut and erases wrinkles, and makes the material stronger and more vibrant. Clothes that have been neatly folded have a resilience and sheen that can be discerned immediately, clearly distinguishing them from those that have been haphazardly stuffed in a drawer. The act of folding is far more than making clothes compact for storage. It is an act of caring, an expression of love and appreciation for the way these clothes support your lifestyle. Therefore, when we fold, we should put our heart into it, thanking our clothes for protecting our bodies.
Pope John Paul II|Christ beside me, Christ before me, Christ behind me, Christ within me, Christ beneath me, Christ above me.
Mike Huckabee|If you have faith in the public sector, as I do, you must be the harshest critic of corruption, waste and fraud in government.
David Hume|Success turns a lot of people off. I have a pretty solid sense of joy and respect that irritates people, and can irritate me, too.
Melanie A. Gabbard, The Tome of Knowledge|There are ultimate truths you cannot hide from no matter how high you climb or how long you sit alone. Everything is on its way somewhere, even if that place feels like nowhere.
Tonke Dragt, De brief voor de koning|Lo! there ye stand, my children," said the figure, in a deep and solemn tone, almost sad, with its despairing awfulness, as if his once angelic nature could yet mourn for our miserable race. "Depending upon one another's hearts, ye had still hoped that virtue were not all a dream! Now are ye undeceived! Evil is the nature of mankind. Evil must be your only happiness.
A.W. Tozer|Always say “yes” to the present moment. What could be more futile, more insane, than to create inner resistance to what already is? what could be more insane than to oppose life itself, which is now and always now? Surrender to what is. Say “yes” to life — and see how life suddenly starts working for you rather than against you.
Ron Paul, End the Fed|They were the triumphant and insolent possessors; they had a hall, and a fire, and food and clothing and money, and so they might preach to hungry men, and the hungry men must be humble and listen. They were trying to save their souls- and who but a fool could fail to see that all that was the matter with their souls was that they had not managed to get a decent existence for their bodies?
Rainbow Rowell, Landline|The problem with nostalgia is what we tend to do is only remember what you like and you forget the parts you didn't like,
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|We go from disappointment to disappointment, from hope to denial, from expectation to surrender, as we grow older, thinking or coming to think that what was wrong was the wanting, so intense it hurt us, and believing or coming to believe that hope was our mistake and expectation our error, and that everything the more we want it the more difficult the having it seems to be.
Shakira|I find that with some girls, the words 'work' and 'education' have gotten a bad rap.
M.F. Moonzajer|All Individuals in this world struggle and fight their own battles.Very Few choose to fight the battles worth fighting for.The ones that serve as an instrument of liberation,an instrument of hope and everything that is right with this world.
James W. Fowler, Stages of Faith: The Psychology of Human Development and the Quest for Meaning|In addition to the kind of critical reflection on one's previous assumptive or tacit system of values we saw Jack undertake, there must be, for Stage 4, a relocation of authority within the self. While others and their judgments will remain important to the Individuative-Reflective person, their expectations, advice and counsel will be submitted to an internal panel of experts who reserve the right to choose and who are prepared to take responsibility for their choices. I sometimes call this the emergence of the executive ego. The two essential features of the emergence of Stage 4, then, are the critical distancing from one's previous assumptive value system and the emergence of the executive ego. . . . We find that sometimes many persons complete half of this double movement, but do not complete the other.
George Bernard Shaw|It is a woman's business to get married as soon as possible, and a man'sto keep unmarried as long as he can.
Thomas C. Oden, Guilt Free|While the memory of guilt is far from pleasant (like 'wormwood and gall'), it has the curative intent of restoring us into an awareness of the constancy of God's love, new every morning. God's mercy is not spent even with our worst misdeeds.
Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban|One child, one teacher, one book, one pen can change the world.
Pierce Brown, Red Rising|Personally, I do not want to make you a man. Men are so very frail. Men break. Men die. No, I’ve always wished to make a god.
Marilyn Monroe|To get rid of a few problems in general health, to increase one's capacity for work, to make one's character gentler and stronger, to free oneself of various complexes, to create in oneself a whole atmosphere of calm and silence, and to do this by exercises in a gymnastic of repose and by a simple but careful method of breath-control - such aims may appear humble enough, rather down to earth, and a far cry form the goal of even the most modest of yogis. Yet I am certain that they will be able to work real miracles here in the West; to change lives and temperaments completely, making them healthier, more open; to increase their degree of engagement; and to render them more receptive to impulses and promptings from heaven.
Jennifer Salaiz|In my experience, there never seems to be a man or woman who will walk in and literally sweep you off your feet, or away, when you're in the biggest distaster of your life. If it happens, it'll be guaranteed he or she won't be the one you've longed for. Yeah...we all still seem to be waiting for Mr. or Ms. Right.
S.L. Tsao|Dammit, I’ve missed her lips, her taste, her smell, her touch. I’m dizzy. I’m lost. I’m never coming up for air again. Everything I need to survive is in my arms right now, and I’m never letting go. Ever. “Katie,”I breathe, and she shudders.
Molly Sims|A heart well prepared for adversity in bad times hopes, and in good times fears for a change in fortune.
Jeri Smith-Ready, Shade|Aura, I'm really patient, but I'm not a bloody saint.
Alia Bhatt|On a day when you're tired, it's important to just say good morning to everyone so they're kind of aware that it's gonna be a good day. Jamie Lee Curtis told me that.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Though it may seem counter intuitive to our inner perfectionist, recognizing our mistakes as valuable lessons (not failures) helps us lay the groundwork for later success.
Irina Shayk|Yes, I always remember my dad's, mom's and my grandma's perfumes.
Kristin Hannah, Summer Island|She remembered how it had felt and tasted, that slowly descending depression, like a thick glass jar that closed around you, sucking away the air you needed to breathe, creating a barrier between you and the world. The hell of it was that she'd been able to see all that she was missing, but when she'd reached out, all she'd touched was cold, hard glass.
Robert D. Hales|There is nothing that we are enduring that Jesus does not understand, and He waits for us to go to our Heavenly Father in prayer. If we will be obedient and if we are diligent, our prayers will be answered, our problems will diminish, our fears will dissipate, light will come upon us, the darkness of despair will be dispersed, and we will be close to the Lord.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|In forgiving others, I free myself towards belonging and wholeness, be it with the person I am forgiving, or with myself.
Sara Niles, Torn From the Inside Out|I find it a privilege and an honor to be human, for to me, one of the most wondrous and beautiful things in the universe, is found in human form. Because to be human, is to be able to dream dreams of pyramids and skyscrapers, and majestic works of art that spring from the human mind.
Ivan Illich, The Right to Useful Unemployment and Its Professional Enemies|Excessive forms of wealth and prolonged formal employment, no matter how well distributed, destroy the social, cultural, and environmental conditions for equal productive freedom.
Matt Reeves|I mean enormous pressure was brought to bear - Valerie Amos, Lady Amos, went round Africa with people from our intelligence services trying to press them. I had to make sure that we didn't promise a misuse of aid in a way that would be illegal.
Percy Bysshe Shelley, The Major Works|And I have fitted up some chambers thereLooking towards the golden Eastern air,And level with the living winds, which flowLike waves above the living waves below.—I have sent books and music there, and allThose instruments with which high spirits callThe future from its cradle, and the pastOut of its grave, and make the present lastIn thoughts and joys which sleep, but cannot die,Folded within their own eternity.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Wintergirls|Romeo: I dreamt a dream tonight.Mercutio: And so did I.Romeo: Well, what was yours?Mercutio: That dreamers often lie.
Salil Tripathi, The Colonel Who Would Not Repent: The Bangladesh War and Its Unquiet Legacy|I'm sorry that I hurt you.""You didn't hurt me." There was a long pause on the phone. Then she said,"You are going to hurt from this longer than I ever will. It's true that I didn't know what kind of Indian you were. But what hurts me most is to know what kind of man.
Anonymous|Depression is very real. It'll back you into a dark room, slap you across the face, spit in your eyes, scream in your ears, and punch you in the gut - Until you give in.
Patricia V. Davis, The Diva Doctrine: 16 Universal Principles Every Woman Needs to Know|When our mothers, wives, sisters, and daughters are considered both different and inferior in the eyes of the God we worship, this belief tends to permeate society and everyone suffers.
Bryson Tiller|Felixstowe, the United Kingdom's largest port, stops work only for Christmas Day and for crane-toppling Force 9 gales.
Marie Rutkoski|When I was seven and told my mom, 'I'm gonna be a writer,' she said, 'Oh, that's a terrible idea. You'll live in misery and die teaching other people's children badly.' My parents wanted the safer path for me, and I think they failed miserably achieving that.
Michel de Montaigne|If it be well weighed, to say that a man lieth, is as much to say, as that he is brave towards God and a coward towards men.
Ace Frehley|The more a race is governed by its passions, the less it has acquired the habit of cautious and reasoned argument, the more intense will be its love of music.
G.M.W. Wemyss|The trouble is, nobody knows exactly how the world really works. We are all fallible people with limited knowledge. It is only through Biblical revelation from the One who knows how the world really works because He made it and actively sustains it that anyone can come to a competent understanding of the world.
William Petersen|I was born in a hurricane in Pensacola, Florida... my dad was in the military, so we moved all over the place. But I consider myself a southerner from Louisiana. I've lived in Texas for most of my adult life.
Robert Barr, Selected Stories Of Robert Barr|Nothing said in words ever came out quite even. Things in words got twisted and ran together, instead of staying straight and fitting together.
Sri Chinmoy|Have little,Need less:This is the wayTo inner peace.Surrender is a journeyFrom the outer turmoilTo the inner peace.PeaceIs in inner awakening,And this inner awakeningWe must shareWith the rest of the world.
Tony Curl|There's One Person above all others who desires an extraordinary life for you. He is a Father who delights, like any good father, in the achievements and happiness of His children. His name is God! And nothing will please Him more than seeing you reach your highest potential.
Vineet Raj Kapoor|Do Not Dictate a Child through Someone, it Ruins the Child's Experience.
Pico Iyer|I think one reason, obviously, that I spend so much time in one place is that I've been lucky enough to travel a lot, and now there are other different, invisible trains that are more interesting to me.
Amie Kaufman, This Shattered World|My breath catches, responding to an unfamiliar pull in my chest, an ache in my soul. I shouldn’t miss him, but I do; this boy who had every right to pull that trigger, and instead threw himself between me and death. This boy, the only one who believes I’m not what they say I am what I believed I was; a soldier without a soul, a girl with no heart to break. He’s the only one who’s proved me wrong.
Lincoln Steffens|Real prosperity comes from everybody in the country working together in a growth mode. Real prosperity comes as a result of people's own initiative and efforts and so forth. Prosperity, if it comes from the government, is not prosperity. It's an existence or a subsistence or whatever, but it isn't prosperity.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven|The quality of the will to power is, precisely, growth. Achievement is its cancellation. To be, the will to power must increase with each fulfillment, making the fulfillment only a step to a further one. The vaster the power gained, the vaster the appetite for more.
Kathryn Lasky, Shadow Wolf|Are you scared of going in to see the raghnaid [the council]?” asked a gray female pup. “Are you cag mag [crazy]? If a bear was his Milk Giver, you think he’s scared of the raghnaid?
Michel Faber, The Book of Strange New Things|It's funny that being human means so many things, man made divisions counter our judgements towards being wary of the "other", this is worrying because the thing that unites us is being human that is what we all are and without lament but with joy we should embrace everybody we would then live in utopia of diversity.
Claudia Gray, Lost Stars|It was a vow we made those long years ago. Neither of us spoke of it afterwards, but it hung between us like a spider web, fragile and easy to break, but danged hard to get shed of once the threads took hold.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|He was so pumped, jumping up and down on the spot, showing off the taut lean muscles in his quads and calves so different to the bulkiness of a lot of the other players. He bristled with energy, shaking out his arms, flicking his fingers. Flicking off invisible globules of testosterone so powerful she could feel their pull all the way up here. He dropped his head from side to side to work his traps, bending at the waist right in front of the box to execute a perfect hamstring stretch.Ooh la freaking la.
Martha M. Moravec, Magnificent Obesity: My Search for Wellness, Voice and Meaning in the Second Half of Life|I'd used people's stories and their lives to bolster my political arguments for changing welfare. Now, however, I was running into the people themselves, and I realized that using anyone's tragedy for political gain was cowardly.
Susan Isaacs|In acting class, I used to hide in the corner and pray the teacher wouldn't call on me.
Matshona Dhliwayo|He was like the Great Santini of the Strand. Few people could take him on; he was so well-read and had a memory that could retain every detail of everything he'd ever read, as well as jokes, lyrics, arias, names of store owners he'd met on his honeymoon in Paris, names of restaurants where gangsters were gunned down in 1924. He could quote lines from books he disliked better than you could quote lines from what you claimed was your favorite book of all time.
Matt Haig, Reasons to Stay Alive|What doesn't kill you very often makes you weaker. What doesn't kill you can leave you limping for the rest of your days. What doesn't kill you can make you scared to leave your house, or even your bedroom, and have you trembling, or mumbling incoherently, or leaning with your head on a window pane, wishing you could return to the time before the thing that didn't kill you.
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Our traditions teach us the past is not forgot, yet the past repeats the future believe it or not. If we dwell on the negative, we continue to make, an unhealthy life we must never forsake. Our fairy ring teaches us cause and effect, what we give to the world, returns to us direct!”Chepi, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Tanya R. Liverman, Memoirs of an Educarer: An Inspiration for Education|Although any help is genuinely welcomed, it is more important to be a supportive, proactive parent than it is to be a supportive parent after academic failure and negative behaviors occur.
Molly Ringle, Persephone's Orchard|Then his jealousy rejoiced at the discovery, as though that jealousy had had an independent existence, fiercely egotistical, gluttonous of every thing that would feed its vitality, even at the expense of Swann himself.
Hilaire Belloc|The Barbarian hopes — and that is the mark of him, that he can have his cake and eat it too.He will consume what civilization has slowly produced after generations of selection and effort, but he will not be at pains to replace such goods, nor indeed has he a comprehension of the virtue that has brought them into being. Discipline seems to him irrational, on which account he is ever marvelling that civilization, should have offended him with priests and soldiers.... In a word, the Barbarian is discoverable everywhere in this, that he cannot make: that he can befog and destroy but that he cannot sustain; and of every Barbarian in the decline or peril of every civilization exactly that has been true.We sit by and watch the barbarian. We tolerate him in the long stretches of peace, we are not afraid. We are tickled by his irreverence; his comic inversion of our old certitudes and our fixed creed refreshes us; we laugh. But as we laugh we are watched by large and awful faces from beyond, and on these faces there are no smiles.
Kermit Roosevelt III|From the front row of the balcony, I look out over the Uptown Cinema. The red velvet seats are emptying, the credits scrolling up the screen. Ginger Rogers married a Nazi, but Cary Grant got her out of it. Their ship is sailing to America; sun burns away the fog and the wind blows free. Now they are gone and I am coming back to reality, breathing a harsher air. It is how I always feel when a movie ends.
L.M. Montgomery, Emily's Quest|The satisfying sound of bone giving way, as well as his outraged cry, made the you-had-it-coming-asshole angles sing.
Tegan Quin|I was a fool for love, I was a fool.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Every person writes his or her life story similar to how a musician composes music. Author Milan Kundera noted, ‘Without realizing it, the individual composes his life according to the laws of beauty even in times of great distress.’ Guided by their aesthetic sense of beauty, a person transforms the intentional and fortuitous events of their life into an expressive episodic motif, which artistic creation assumes a permanent place in the composition of his or her conscious mind.
Trudy Metzger|I won’t claim I’ve never in my life done anything I’m ashamed of, but I haven’t done anything for a good while. If not everyone would agree with the decisions I’ve made, that’s fine. What other people think has never made a situation right or wrong.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|Music, I think, he makes me feel like music.
Ann McElhinney, Gosnell: The Untold Story of America’s Most Prolific Serial Killer|Romans 8: 28: And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose.
Dorothy Hamill|How the original 'Cosmos' affected me personally was long-term. I wasn't born early enough to see the original series, but after getting a hold of it in my teen years, it was one of the driving forces behind my passion for science.
Robert Greene, Mastery|The problem with all students, he said, is that they inevitably stop somewhere. They hear an idea and they hold on to it until it becomes dead; they want to flatter themselves that they know the truth. But true Zen never stops, never congeals into such truths. That is why everyone must constantly be pushed to the abyss, starting over and feeling their utter worthlessness as a student. Without suffering and doubts, the mind will come to rest on clichés and stay there, until the spirit dies as well. Not even enlightenment is enough. You must continually start over and challenge yourself.
Rupali Rajopadhye Rotti|Its sometimes important to not take life so seriously, so life could woo you by showing you some good time.
Wendell Berry, Hannah Coulter|Living without expectations is hard but, when you can do it, good. Living without hope is harder, and that is bad. You have got to have hope, and you mustn’t shirk it. Love, after all, 'hopeth all things.' But maybe you must learn, and it is hard learning, not to hope out loud, especially for other people. You must not let your hope turn into expectation.
Whitebeard|For many years, I searched for this connection outside of myself but always to no avail. It was only when I turned inward did I find this power.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Though the legs of a football coach are never so active on the field of play during playing time, his mind is the best or worst player on the pitch!
Lisa  Anderson|Of all the Wonders in the World, the greatest wonder of all, was sharing it with you.
Jack Finney, Time and Again|He's got to have the ability, and it seems to be fairly rare, to see things as they are and at the same time as they might have been. What we mean is the eye of an artist.
K.A. Tucker, Ten Tiny Breaths|Ah, wine. Wine was my friend. Wine understood me. Wine knew that it was entirely possible to be one hundred percent happy for your sisters and also ten percent jealous, because Wine does not care about mathematics.Harlow, Melanie (2016-02-09). Some Sort of Love: A Happy Crazy Love Novel (Kindle Locations 44-46). . Kindle Edition.
Alin Sav|If you're focused, you can't get bored.
Gail McHugh, Pulse|To stop being a victim, you have to stop thinking like a victim.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan|We sometimes laugh from ear to ear, but it would be impossible for a smile to be wider than the distance between our eyes.
Jose Ramos-Horta|If I'm right, the only reason our species is still around is because of our friendship with the canines.
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|As long as there is life, my dear friends, laughter will be the weapon of we who mock it even as we struggle to understand it.
Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer|None of us ate together: my Aunt Gladys ate at five o’clock, my cousin Susan at five-thirty, me at six, and my uncle at six-thirty. There is nothing to explain this beyond the fact that my aunt is crazy.
Jane Jacobs, The Death and Life of Great American Cities|Like many white liberals, Ken sees the “whiteness” of his social life as more an accident of circumstance than a choice. He would welcome greater diversity in the neighbourhood. However, he does not consciously do enough work either in his social life or in the larger community to make that diversity possible.
Karen Marie Moning, The Alpha Alternative: JZB Sex Scene|Why do humans always look at these things from the wrong perspective? Predators deserve our sympathy, too.
Riitta Klint|Sometimes people appear in your life unexpectedly like a gift from the Universe. You didn’t even know you needed them, or that you had called out silently to them. They appear when you needed them most, to lift you, educate you, wake you up, or shine a light on your path. They sprout the seed that was in you, and patiently watch that seed emerge from the soil. Sometimes it wears them out to water and fertilize you every single day as you grow. This is a delicate time, you as the plant, and they as the nurturer. You as the plant need them for your growth, and they as your nurturer, have to have the energy to believe in your growth. Then, one day you blossom, and awaken to the beauty around you and rejoice. The only thing you ask from them anymore, is to celebrate the flower they have brought to life, and to accept the riches you now will give to them. -Riitta Klint
Sunday Adelaja|Love everybody, believers or not
Taylor Swift|Everything I do, writing, touring, travelling, it all comes from the punk and hardcore attitude, from that expression - from being open to try things but relying on yourself, taking what you have into the battle and making of it what you will, hoping you can figure it out as you go. Make some sense of it.
William Shakespeare, Othello|I will deny thee nothing: Whereon, I do beseech thee, grant me this, To leave me but a little to myself.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Because family and friends are the foundation of who you are, this is a realm where no excuses should exist. Give them your all without excuses.
Steve Berry|If you go and talk to most people, they mean well but they don't have much of a breadth on education, of knowledge of understanding what the real issues are and therefore they listen to pundits on television who tell them what they are supposed to think and they keep repeating that until pretty soon they say, 'Oh, well that must be true.'
Larry Crabb, Inside Out: Real Change Is Possible If You're Willing to Start from The...|The marvel of our Bible never shows more marvellous than at such times, when you see it in deed and in truth the Sword of the Spirit, and it cuts.
Mercy Otis Warren|Literature is the expression of a feeling of deprivation, a recourse against a sense of something missing. But the contrary is also true: language is what makes us human. It is a recourse against the meaningless noise and silence of nature and history.
Kristiane Backer, From MTV to Mecca: How Islam Inspired My Life|Purify your intentions, your inner being, your heart and be sincere in your actions,’ he wrote. ‘God looks into your heart, not at your outer form. He looks at what lies behind the clothes … He looks into your private sphere, not at your public show.
Jennifer Senior, All Joy and No Fun: The Paradox of Modern Parenthood|She believed that people born to low caste families were meant to suffer. That was their karma. She had learnt that those who indulge in sinful activities in their previous birth, especially those who humiliated others, would be reborn to low caste families. She firmly believed also that one has to suffer until the sin was paid for through suffering and good deeds.
Kin Hubbard|Whatever crushes individuality is despotism, by whatever name it may be called and whether it professes to be enforcing the will of God or the injunctions of men.
B.J. Daniels, Renegade's Pride|I want to run, to flee, to wake from this never-ending nightmare. But my body is frozen, my heart numb. Jagged pieces of the puzzle scatter across the corners of my mind, and fitting them together is futile. Threads of truth are still missing, exposing the gaps between what’s real and what’s fabricated.
Jared Taylor|Now If diversity were inherently good, inherently valuable, inherently wonderful, why would we have to have the highly-paid profession know as 'diversity consultant' to manage it? Things that are inherently good, to enjoy them, or to make the most of them, you don't need a consultant. You don't need a consultant to make the most out of good-tasting food, beautiful weather, the affection of your friends. Those are inherently good things. Diversity required consultants because diversity is hard. Diversity is difficult. It's because it's difficult for people to try to work, to act, and live together with people who are unlike themselves.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, Young Goodman Brown|The whole forest was peopled with frightful sounds--the creaking of the trees, the howling of wild beasts, and the yell of Indians; while sometimes the wind tolled like a distant church bell, and sometimes gave a broad roar around the traveler, as if all Nature were laughing him to scorn. But he was himself the chief horror of the scene, and shrank not from its other horrors.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|You guessed? You must have been pretty sure, considering you could have killed me.""I was ninety percent sure.""I see," Clary said. There must have been something in her voice, because he turned to look at her. Her hand cracked across his face, a slap that rocked him back on his heels. He put his hands on his cheek, more in surprise than pain."What the hell was that for?""The other ten percent.
Edward M. Hallowell|So don't look over your shoulder or let fear and anxiety rule you. Go for broke. Let passion blaze your trail. Look ahead and pursue the dream that fits who you are as a person and a manager. Learn what you can, but don't get bogged down--in today's world, there's so much to know that learning can actually take the place of action and hold you back. Learn enough, then trust your gut and act. Be bold--or crazy--enough not to hold back. Take advantage of the freedom to be your own person. When the game is over, regardless of the score, you'll revel in what you've done.
Sandra Bullock|The good life is a process, not a state of being. It is a direction not a destination.
Mikhail Bakunin|Faith is the confidence, the assurance, the enforcing truth, the knowing.
Fanny Burney, Evelina|But alas, my dear child, we are the slaves of custom, the dupes of prejudice, and dare not stem the torrent of the opposing world, even though our judgments condemn our compliance! However, since the die is cast, we must endeavor to make the best of it.
Anna Quindlen, How Reading Changed My Life|those of us who read because we love it more than anything, who feel about bookstores the way some people feel about jewelers...
Agu Jaachynma N.E.|Motherhood isn't just about making babies, it's about making lives and molding destinies.
Alice  Miller, Banished Knowledge: Facing Childhood Injuries|The public forum is not, of course, the most helpful place to conduct a profitable confrontation with one's parents. If we are to allow the feelings of childhood to be revived, we need an enlightened witness and not the pent-up, undigested hatred of formerly abused children who, as adults, totally identify with the perpetrators. To expose oneself defenselessly to public view while harboring such feelings from childhood can amount to a kind of self-inflicted punishment, something one seeks when, in spite of everything, one still feels guilty at having expressed the criticism and is prepared to accept hate reactions as a well deserved punishment.
Harriet Lerner, The Dance Of Anger: A Woman's Guide to Changing the Patterns of Intimate Relationships|Don’t use “below-the-belt” tactics. These include: blam- ing, interpreting, diagnosing, labeling, analyzing, preaching, moralizing, ordering, warning, interrogating, ridiculing, and lecturing. Don’t put the other person down.
Nyrae Dawn, What a Boy Wants|The ways of men and women are such a puzzle. And I could barely decipher my own feelings, let along anyone else's.
Erich Maria Remarque, Arch of Triumph: A Novel of a Man Without a Country|There was always a screen behind which one could hide— a superior who in turn had his superior— orders, instructions, duties, commands— and finally the many-headed monster, morale, necessity, hard reality, responsibility, or whatever it was called— there was always a screen behind which to evade the simple law of humanity.
Kalyan C. Kankanala, Road Humps and Sidewalks|The overload of useless ceremonials and worship have crippled the whole nation. If you want to do good to your nation and yourself, then throw away your ancient ceremonials as far as possible.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|Evening of a hot day started the little wind to moving among the leaves. The shade climbed up the hills toward the top. On the sand banks the rabbits sat as quietly as little gray, sculptured stones.
Neal A. Maxwell|It is extremely important for you to believe in yourselves not only for what you are now but for what you have the power to become. Trust in the Lord as He leads you along. He has things for you to do that you won't know about now but that will unfold later. If you stay close to Him, You will have some great adventures. You will live in a time where instead of sometimes being fulfilled, many of them will actually be fulfilled. The Lord will unfold your future bit by bit.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Your first words will outlive your conversations and impact how you are remembered, liked, or regarded. Wouldn’t you enjoy opening conversations with ease and mutual recognition? The challenging part is that it can be . . . awkward!
George Whitefield|Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
Philip Larkin, The Whitsun Weddings|Whether at Naishápúr or Babylon, Whether the Cup with sweet or bitter run, The Wine of Life keeps oozing drop by drop, The Leaves of Life keep falling one by one.
Shel Silverstein|No DifferenceSmall as a peanut,Big as a giant,We're all the same sizeWhen we turn off the light.Rich as a sultan,Poor as a mite,We're all worth the sameWhen we turn off the light.Red, black or orange,Yellow or white, We all look the sameWhen we turn off the light.So maybe the way, To make everything rightIs for god to just reach outAnd turn off the light!
Carson McCullers, The Member of the Wedding|And what if the other kids laugh at me?” Kerry complained to her parents as she nibbled on a piece of toast that morning. “I have a Cape Breton accent! They’ll know I’m from Canada and they’ll start asking me if I lived in an igloo or ate maple syrup, bacon and seal meat every day!”“You’re really overreacting,” Susan chuckled, sipping on a glass of orange juice. “Canada is a lot like the States and the only thing separating both countries is an imaginary boarder! If anyone laughs at you, tell them it doesn’t snow year-round, you got free health care while you were there and that you never rode a polar bear to school. Besides, do you know how many popular movies and TV shows from the States were filmed in Canada?”“It’s not just the Canada stuff mom,” Kerry sighed worriedly. “I’m from Dym, it’s an industrial dump!”“Yeah, and have you looked at Pittsburgh lately?” Susan asked. “Full of coal mines and steel mills, just like Sydney was when we lived there! I actually rather came to like the pollution, I don’t think I’d ever want to leave it.
Machel Shull, HAPPY SOUL: 10 Steps to Happiness|Act as if' means to apply action. 'Faking it' means to be fraudulent. Don't miss construe the two. 'Acting as if' means you are asserting yourself in an action that will manifest in time, action and belief. Action equal outcome.
Abigail Biddinger|I'm with him because when I'm with him, I'm free to be me. I'm with him because he's hot. I'm with him because he lets me blather, since I'm prone to blathering, and he lets me rant when I have a bad day. I'm with him because when I rant, he makes me feel better and he does this effortlessly. I'm with him because I live for the times when I'm on the back of his bike and we're riding together, not even talking, just being free.
Tim Kaine|Religious-liberty protections are one way of achieving civil peace even amid disagreement. The United States is a pluralistic society. To protect that pluralism and the rights of all Americans, of whatever faith they may practice, religious-liberty laws are good policy. Liberals committed to tolerance should embrace them.
Jennifer Coletta|It's not about grades, or saaviness, or sex appeal. It's all about grit. The strength of your character is the strength of your character determines your success more than anything else.
Brie Larson|I was home-schooled, was always very close with my mom and was very straight-laced and square. I was never the rebellious one, and I never threw hissy fits.
ABC|But the anger has not only drawn attention to injustice; it has driven people to action, sparking movements and spurring them forward. At the very least, the public expression of black rage has allowed communities and people who have felt isolated in their own anger to know that they are not alone. Anger is what makes our struggle visible.
Emily Andrews, The Finer Points of Becoming Machine|Oh God just look at me now... one night opens words and utters pain... I cannot begin to explain to you... this... I am not here. This is not happening. Oh wait, it is, isn't it?I am a ghost. I am not here, not really. You see skin and cuts and frailty...these are symptoms, you known, of a ghost. An unclear image with unclear thoughts whispering vague things...If I told you what was really in my head, you''d never let me leave this place. And I have no desire to spend time in hell while I'm still, in theory, alive.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|I wanted to tell her everything, maybe if I'd been able to, we could have lived differently, maybe I'd be there with you now instead of here. Maybe... if I'd said, 'I'm so afraid of losing something I love that I refuse to love anything,' maybe that would have made the impossible possible. Maybe, but I couldn't do it, I had buried too much too deeply inside me. And here I am, instead of there.
William Tecumseh Sherman|Let us ever remember that our interest is in concord, not in conflict; and that our real eminence rests in the victories of peace, not those of war.
Debasish Mridha|It is not always good to be right, but it is always wonderful to be kind
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Every person fails, nobody achieves everything that he or she set out to achieve. Nobody, regardless of how many personal triumphs they enjoy, no matter how rich or powerful they become, goes through life without encountering failure. You cannot fail unless a person valiantly tries to accomplish a task. The most audacious person readily attempts difficult projects, despite feeling uncertain if they can prevail. Successful people exhibit the character to respond positively to failure. Some failures prove instrumental in altering a person’s outlook, and their revised perspective leads to brilliant successes
Debasish Mridha|You may not be a great success in everything, but every time you try you will learn something.
Linda Howard, Blood Born|Hurry," Hector urged, and his voice changed as his power surged, his tone and cadence sliding into the rhythm that said he was seeing the future. "Battle is in the air. I smell it. I can almost touch it. Death is coming Death is coming for us." With a click, the call disconnected.
Becky Wicks, Before He Was Famous|You’re his normality. You’re a part of him, and he is a part of you. That’s what makes this frightening, but that’s what makes it right.
Emma Donoghue, Room|Five truly effective prescriptions to remedy a bad day. (You can't overdose.)—Pray; discuss your troubles with God.—List your blessings. (The blue sky, soft cookies, warm socks, etc.)—Call your mom.—Visit an animal shelter and hug a lonely cat.—Visit a nursing home and hug a lonely grandparent.
Terry Pratchett, Jingo|Men marched away, Vimes. And men marched back. How glorious the battles would have been that they never had to fight!
John Donne, Alchimie der Liebe. Gedichte, zweisprachig|Grief brought to numbers cannot be so fierce,For, he tames it, that fetters it in verse.
Agnes Chew, The Desire for Elsewhere|You yearn to stay in this in-between place, where the beauty of the times you have freshly bade farewell to is still alive and vivid in your mind – almost real – and the reality of your new circumstances has yet to fully sink in. You listen to the familiar melodies that had accompanied you on your journey, and allow the music to evoke landscapes and scenes in your mind. The songs caress your sub-consciousness and fill your being with an airy joy. You are both here and elsewhere. Or perhaps you are everywhere and nowhere.
