J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|Afternoons are hard. Mornings are pure evil from the pits of hell, which is why I don't do them anymore.
Melanie Benjamin, Alice I Have Been|Why, then, did I always feel as if his happiness was my responsibility? It wasn't fair for him to burden me with that. It had never been fair.
Brandon Sanderson, Firefight|My life wasn’t just about one city, or one Epic, anymore. It was about a war. It was about finding a way to stop the Epics.Permanently.
L.M. Montgomery, Emily's Quest|YOU YOU YOUyour eyes, thick as a high school scrapbook crackling and yellow, curling at the edgesa book of myths in which i do not appear.
Jaleigh Johnson, The Secrets of Solace|She wanted to make sure she studied all the manuals thoroughly, but she had to admit that part of her hesitation was the unsettling length of the list of things that could go wrong if she mishandled the pressure.
Nicole Guillaume|One's character is set at an early age, son. The choices you make now will affect you for the rest of your life." He was quiet for a minute then dropped the curtain and said, "I hate to see you swim out so far you can't swim back.
Jennifer Silverwood, Qeya|Not as much as it bothers me that you just grabbed me without even trying to warn me first. If you’re trying to undo ages of prejudice, maybe you should start by acting civil.
Mary Tornyenyor|Seriously brethren, Judas is not in the nightclubs and pool bar right now. He is in the churches. Singing hymns and praying. gentleman indeed. Closest to Believers but the only thing is he wont go on to receive the Holy Ghost. This is a ‪‎healthy‬ ‪information‬ for me because then i will be careful not to be watching and comparing myself with others but instead check myself with the Word.
Sarah Moss|I dislike Tolkien, another Oxonian Old Norse obsessive, with his war games and made-up language in a world without women.
Debbie Ford|Unfortunately, unless we're focused on building up our courage, which gives us our self-confidence and all that we need to make quantum change in our lives, the voice of fear will always take the lead inside our minds.
Elizabeth Gilbert|Imagine that the universe is a great spinning engine. You want to stay near the core of the thing - right in the hub of the wheel - not out at the edges where all the wild whirling takes place, where you can get frayed and crazy. The hub of calmness - that's your heart. That's where God lives within you. So stop looking for answers in the world. Just keep coming back to that center and you'll always find peace.
Christina Aguilera|To restore the trust of the people, we must reform the way the government operates.
Deepak Chopra, Buddha: A Story of Enlightenment|The Americans have perfected weather forecasts: a model presents a model of the Earth, a map, and jabs at it with her pointer – here and here, this is going to happen. Voodoo.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Wings and Ruin|For long minutes, we stood there. Until I said, “Let’s go find somewhere to eat – outside.”	“Hmmm.” He showed no sign of letting go.	I looked up at last. Found his eyes shining with that familiar, wicked light. “I think I’m hungry for something else,” he purred.	My toes curled in my boots, but I lifted my brows and said cooly, “Oh?”	Rhys nipped at my earlobe, then whispered in my ear as he winnowed us up to our bedroom, where two plates of food now waited on the desk. “I owe you for last night, mate.”	He gave me the courtesy, at least, of letting me pick what he consumed first; me or the food.	I picked wisely.
Eliza Haywood, The History of Miss Betsy Thoughtless|In fine, that it is not enough to be good, without behaving in such a manner as shall make others acknowledge us to be so.
Debbie Ford|I've always loved to paint - I was studying to do an art degree when I was approached to become a model - and I've being doing some design work as well. I also love just having a quiet time, sitting in my little library at home in Brooklyn and reading or watching documentaries or listening to music.
Barbara Kingsolver|Life is not an exact science, it is an art.
Sadiqua Hamdan, Happy Am I. Holy Am I. Healthy Am I.|Failure to recognize the historical specificity of the bourgeois conception of rights and duties leads to serious errors. It is for this reason that Marx registers...a vigorous indictment of the anarchist Proudhon... Proudhon in effect took the specifics of bourgeois legal and economic relations and treated them as universal and foundational for the development of an alternative, socially just economic system. From Marx's standpoint, this is no alternative at all since it merely re-inscribes bourgeois conceptions of value in a supposedly new form of society. This problem is still with us, not only because of the contemporary anarchist revival of interest in Proudhon's ideas but also because of the rise of a more broad-based liberal human rights politics as a supposed antidote to the social and political ills of contemporary capitalism. Marx's critique of Proudhon is directly applicable to this contemporary politics. The UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights of 1948 is a foundational document for a bourgeois, market-based individualism and as such cannot provide a basis for a thoroughgoing critique of liberal or neoliberal capitalism. Whether it is politically useful to insist that the capitalist political order live up to its own foundational principles is one thing, but to imagine that this politics can lead to a radical displacement of a capitalist mode of production is, in Marx's view, a serious error.
Kathy Bryson, Feeling Lucky|Human contacts have been so highly valued in the past only because reading was not a common accomplishment and because books were scarce and difficult to reproduce...As reading becomes more and more habitual and widespread, an ever-increasing number of people will discover that books will give them all the pleasures of social life and none of its intolerable tedium.
Vash Young|Remember in 1973 the same science chatter said that the coming Ice Age is going to occur, we're going to lose millions of people. And the politicians knew how to solve it, they just didn't have the courage to solve it; they were going to put coal dust on the Arctic.
William James, The Will to Believe, Human Immortality and Other Essays in Popular Philosophy|I submit a body of facts which cannot be invalidated. My opinions may be doubted, denied, or approved, according as they conflict or agree with the opinions of each individual who may read them; but their worth will be best determined by the foundation on which they rest—the incontrovertible facts.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|But why didn't you leave? Why didn't you take my sister and go to New York?" she would say it didn't matter, that she was lucky to have my sister and me. If I pressed hard enough, she would add, "If I'd left, you never would have been born." I never had the courage to say: But you would have been born instead.
A.M. Willard, Fading Memories|Every man wants love, if he can get past the fear of exposure.
Emily Ann Benedict, Perception|There is nothing called as truth, it's just your new perception
Mark Z. Danielewski, One Rainy Day in May|Without warning, David was visited by an exact vision of death: a long hole in the ground, no wider than your body, down which you are drawn while the white faces above recede. You try to reach them but your arms are pinned. Shovels put dirt into your face. There you will be forever, in an upright position, blind and silent, and in time no one will remember you, and you will never be called by any angel. As strata of rock shift, your fingers elongate, and your teeth are distended sideways in a great underground grimace indistinguishable from a strip of chalk. And the earth tumbles on, and the sun expires, and unaltering darkness reigns where once there were stars.
Ian Mckellen|Growing up, I didn't get the talk of 'Make sure boys take you on a date and treat you right.' So I was the girl who wasn't dating and would just text. I dated these guys who didn't have jobs, and I would always be paying. At one point, I remember looking in the mirror and thinking, 'You're too pretty and cool to be treated like this.'
Goldy Moldavsky, Kill the Boy Band|They didn't get the friendships that formed, the community of people who shared in your same joy.
Steven Kotler, Stealing Fire: How Silicon Valley, the Navy SEALs, and Maverick Scientists Are Revolutionizing the Way We Live and Work|While we've painted the guardians of the pale in a somewhat reactionary light, let's give the gatekeepers their due. What lies beyond the pale isn't always safe and secure. Outside the fence of state-sanctioned consciousness, there are, to be sure, peaks of profound insight and inspiration. But there are also the swamps of addiction, superstition, and groupthink, where the unprepared can get stuck.
Anna Quindlen, How Reading Changed My Life|Crusoe and Friday. Ishmael and Ahab. Daisy and Gatsby. Pip and Estella. Me. Me. Me. I am not alone. I am surrounded by words that tell me who I am, why I feel what I feel. Or maybe they just help me while away the hours as the rain pounds down on the porch roof, taking me away from the gloom and on to somewhere sunny, somewhere else.
Russell Banks, Continental Drift|Go, my book, and help destroy the world as it is.
Hillary Clinton|The valor and courage of our young women and men in the armed services are a shining example to all of the world, and we owe them and their families our deepest respect.
Ross Thomas, Briarpatch|His hair was red, and his eyes were a color blue that put the ocean to shame.
Lauren Graham|Luck has nothing to do with it, because I have spent many, many hours, countless hours, on the court working for my one moment in time, not knowing when it would come.
Steve Martin, Shopgirl|A certain man once lost a diamond cuff-link in the wide blue sea, and twenty years later, on the exact day, a Friday apparently, he was eating a large fish - but there was no diamond inside. That’s what I like about coincidence.
Ali Land, Good Me, Bad Me|Inspector Milne's suspicious prying appeared to have awakened her inner Bolshevik, and so I discovered my own lady mother is not above quietly circumventing the law.
Thomas Mann, Death in Venice|He loved the sea for deep-seated reasons: the hardworking artist's need for repose, the desire to take shelter from the demanding diversity of phenomena in the bosom of boundless simplicity, a propensity—proscribed and diametrically opposed to his mission in life and for that very reason seductive—a propensity for the unarticulated, the immoderate, the eternal, for nothingness. To repose in perfection is the desire of all those who strive for excellence, and is not nothingness a form of perfection?
Judy Biggert|In the long run, your human capital is your main base of competition. Your leading indicator of where you're going to be 20 years from now is how well you're doing in your education system.
Karl Popper|There is no history of mankind, there is only an indefinite number of histories of all kinds of aspects of human life. And one of these is the history of political power. This is elevated into the history of the world. But this, I hold, is an offence against every decent conception of mankind. It is hardly better than to treat the history of embezzlement or of robbery or of poisoning as the history of mankind. For the history of power politics is nothing but the history of international crime and mass murder.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Writing is not just my Hobby . Pen is mouthpiece of my feelings,I have no another one But paper is my best friend. and My Best Friend always Listen so patiently whatever,whenever i speak
Gordon Ramsay|Kids can learn a lot about necessities and wants by recognizing what people live without. A common routine, but one that should not be overlooked, is having a family donation to a charity for those less fortunate. Ask your kids to search for items, toys, or clothes that they no longer use and contribute those items a collection box.
Jodi Picoult, Vanishing Acts|...but to be a connectworker, one must have an overall positive influence on people, and Victor has really made the switch.
Shayna Varadeaux, True Fate|No,” Scott’s voice cracked, “Carrie look at me.” Carrie bit down on her lip and tried to focus on the healing process. The usual sensation of the energy flowing through her finger tips was a weak haze and it completely disappeared when Scott whispered, defeated, “Carrie, please.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|By its nature, what you yearn for is most often intimidating. It produces, and itself is, a question, and one that is not easy to engage or answer.
Rawi Hage, Carnival|The sentiment may perceive and love the universe, but the universe cannot perceive and love the sentiment. The universe sees no distinction between the multitude of creatures and elements which comprise it. All are equal. None is favoured. The universe, equipped with nothing but the materials and the power of creation, continues to create: something of this, something of that. It cannot control what it creates and it cannot, it seems, be controlled by its creations (though a few might deceive themselves otherwise). Those who curse the workings of the universe curse that which is deaf. Those who strike out at those workings fight that which is inviolate. Those who shake their fists, shake their fists at blind stars.
James Gleick|The sacred moment, cannot be substitute for either yesterday or tomorrow.
Joseph Campbell, Pathways to Bliss: Mythology and Personal Transformation|What is it we are questing for? It is the fulfillment of that which is potential in each of us. Questing for it is not an ego trip; it is an adventure to bring into fulfillment your gift to the world, which is yourself. There is nothing you can do that's more important than being fulfilled. You become a sign, you become a signal, transparent to transcendence; in this way you will find, live, become a realization of your own personal myth.
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|The mind is limitless, in its creations.
Laura Busche, Powering Content: Building a Nonstop Content Marketing Machine|Design is your silent storyteller. The visual aesthetic you share with the world tells a story about the values you uphold. When your audience is not ready or willing to listen, a strong visual can capture even the most evasive of minds. Design is not ornamental or secondary: it can propel your stories far beyond the spaces you initially planned for.
Angry Zodd, Danny the Last Earth Man|119When you bring together the national security state and the military-industrial complex, when you bring together the prison-industrial complex and all the profits that flow from it, when you bring together the corporate media multiplex that don’t want to allow for serious dialogue... and then, when you bring together the Wall Street oligarchs and the corporate plutocrats, and they tell any person or any group, 'If you speak the truth, we’ll shoot you down like a dog and dehumanize you the way we did to dehumanize the brothers in Attica,' the only thing that will keep you going is you better have some love in your heart for the people.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|If I knew he loved me for my wealth, I would have told him I was richer.
Ashwin Sanghi|The sun kept dipping down into the ocean and the lights came on at the harbor, casting sudden shadows on the ground, illuminating the faces that were just a second ago silhouettes. The sky was golden and purple, the ocean a darker shade of violet.
Mark Cunha|Mr. Lilly, on the other hand, is not selling me a product I can use. He is selling a fancy new thing called a methodology. You know what a methodology is? It's a painted box filled with nothing except my own desires for a more profitable company. He is looking to take a percentage of the transaction between me and my own soul without creating any value. This is a very old trick that's been going on since religion began. It is without ethics and it distinguishes me from Mr. Lilly.
Daryl Gregory, Afterparty|By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail".
Vironika Tugaleva|There is no great reward for being emotionally withdrawn, no pity prize for bottling your frustration. No one is coming to congratulate your chronic self-repression. By opening up, maybe you will inconvenience some people. Maybe you will trigger some conflict. Maybe you will be rejected, criticized, judged. Everything comes with a price and everything has its compensation. Authenticity may require pain, but it also opens the doors to joy, creativity, self-respect, empathy. Self-repression, on the other hand, costs you all the beauty of the world in exchange for a prison of comfort. Is it really worth it? Isn't it time to break free?
Cheryl Cole|If the eye really was a muscle, I had pulled it long ago.
Nancy B. Brewer, Beyond Sandy Ridge|Two are better than one,because they have a good reward for their labor. For if they fall, the one will lif' up his fellow, but woe to him that is alone when he falleth, for he hath not another to help him up.
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|Do not deride someone's faith simply because you do not share it, Lord Cladent," Sazed said quietly.
Rusty Fischer, Ushers, Inc.|So why are you so mad at me for kissing you?”“Because you took too long. If you'd done that, say, three years ago, we wouldn't have only had one kiss before we both get horribly mutilated.
Charles Dickens, Barnaby Rudge|I think . . . you should have children, John." At least he's no longer talking about bugs."I'm too young, Dad.""It's the most important thing . . . I've done in . . . my life.
Tirupattur Ramaseshayyer Venkatachala Murti, Central Philosophy of Buddhism: A Study of Madhyamika System|Experience God, don't raise a wall of dogmas between you and Him.
Unknown|In a world where you can be anything, be kind.
Kristen Callihan, The Hook Up|Sports can unite worlds, tear down walls and transcend race, the past, and all probability. Unlike life, sport matters.
Gabriel García Márquez|It is not true that people stop pursuing dreams because they grow old, they grow old because they stop pursuing dreams.
Brian K. Friesen, At the Waterline|I have a hunch the world is darker than I could ever imagine and there is less reason for hope than I am able to see. It makes me grateful there is only so much I can see, and I am left mostly with questions. Grateful, also, that hope is not a reasonable thing. Though I have seen my share of darkness, I am spared perceiving much of it. And here is why I hope beyond a reasonable doubt: I think that as the darkness grows, it makes the dim lights that are left seem brighter. And the darker it gets, the brighter the light appears, until it is so luminous, eventually, even falling shadows are filled with it.
P.D. James, Innocent Blood|Let a prejudice be bequeathed, carried in the air, adopted by hearsay, caught in through the eye,–however it may come, these minds will give it a habitation; it is something to assert strongly and bravely, something to fill up the void of spontaneous ideas, something to impose on others with the authority of conscious right; it is at once a staff and a baton.
Karen Hawkins, To Scotland, With Love|Her gaze flickered to the balcony doors and back, her brows knitted in confusion. “My balcony doesn’t connect to yours.”“I jumped.” He grinned at the flash of concern he saw in “her eyes. “At dinner, your grandmother informed me that you’d be moving to the room beside mine. She also mentioned how close my balcony was to yours; so close that even an old lady like herself could leap between the two without the least effort.”Venetia’s cheeks heated and she pulled her nightgown closer. “Grandmama is anything but subtle.”“Almost as subtle as your mother.”“Oh, no! Not Mama, too.”Gregor paused beside a small table to pick up a silver tray holding a cut crystal decanter and matching glasses and set it on the table before Venetia. “Your mother was concerned I might be afraid of heights. She told me that if she were thinking of jumping between the balconies and couldn’t bring herself to make the leap, it might be possible to pick the lock on the connecting door with, say, a cravat pin.”Venetia blushed. “I’m surprised they aren’t in here now, throwing rose petals before you as you walk.”“I would never countenance petal tossing. Too showy.
Judith Jamison, Dancing Spirit: An Autobiography|There is a need to find and sing our own song, to stretch our limbs and shake them in a dance so wild that nothing can roost there, that stirs the yearning for solitary voyage.
Terry Wogan|My father was always slightly bemused by my success. Although he knew that I had reasonable intelligence, he always thought that I was a little bit lazy.
Eknath Easwaran|The mind is powerful, but it needs something to hold on to so it doesn't wander.
Mark Nepo, Facing the Lion, Being the Lion: Finding Inner Courage Where It Lives|You don’t have to pay the sun to rise, the moon to shine, and the stars to glow.
Christina Lauren, Beautiful Bastard|A girl stood before him in midstream, alone and still, gazing out to sea. She seemed like one whom magic had changed into the likeness of a strange and beautiful seabird. Her long slender bare legs were delicate as a crane's and pure save where an emerald trail of seaweed had fashioned itself as a sign upon the flesh. Her thighs, fuller and soft-hued as ivory, were bared almost to the hips, where the white fringes of her drawers were like feathering of soft white down. Her slate-blue skirts were kilted boldly about her waist and dovetailed behind her. Her bosom was as a bird's, soft and slight, slight and soft as the breast of some dark-plumaged dove. But her long fair hair was girlish: and girlish, and touched with the wonder of mortal beauty, her face.
Marcus Aurelius|A good act does not wash out the bad, nor a bad act the good. Each should have its own reward.
Stephen Sondheim, Finishing the Hat: Collected Lyrics, 1954-1981, With Attendant Comments, Principles, Heresies, Grudges, Whines, and Anecdotes|Music straightjackets a poem and prevents it from breathing on its own, whereas it liberates a lyric. Poetry doesn't need music; lyrics do.
Bill Dickey|I'm hoping someday that some kid, black or white, will hit more home runs than myself. Whoever it is, I'd be pulling for him.
Michael Ponsor, The Hanging Judge|The ideas of justice of Europe and Africa are not the same and those of the one world are unbearable to the other. To the African there is but one way of counter-balancing the catastrophes of existence, it shall be done by replacement; he does not look for the motive of an action. Whether you lie in wait for your enemy and cut his throat in the dark; or you fell a tree, and a thoughtless stranger passes by and is killed; so far as punishment goes, to the Native mind, it is the same thing. A loss has been brought upon the community and must be made up for, somewhere, by somebody. The Native will not give time or thought to the weighing of guilt or desert; either he fears that this may lead him too far, or he reasons that such things are no concerns of his. But he will devote himself, in endless speculations, to the method by which crime or disaster shall be weighed up in sheep and goats - time does not count to him; he leads you solemnly into a sacred maze of sophistry.
Theodore Roosevelt|Though I enjoy the occasional eBook from time to time, I will only stop reading books printed on paper when they pry them from my cold, dead, withered hands, and even then, they will be hard pressed to take them from me.
Christopher Paolini|Because you can't argue with all the fools in the world. It's easier to let them have their way, then trick them when they're not paying attention.
Joss Stirling, Finding Sky|The road to Manderley lay ahead. There was no moon. The sky above our heads was inky black. But the sky on the horizon was not dark at all. It was shot with crimson, like a splash of blood. And the ashes blew towards us with the salt wind from the sea.
Vironika Tugaleva|The biggest mistake people make when trying to be authentic is just that: they try. They see these role models of what an "authentic" person is supposed to look like or act like, and they try to emulate that. Authenticity isn't about what things appear to be. It's about allowing things to be what they are. Authenticity is about getting away from hiding, from wearing a mask, from always asking, "How should I act? What should I say? What will people think?" That includes asking, "How should an authentic person act? What would a genuine person say?"Being authentic isn't about making yourself a certain way. It's not even about finding out what you "really" enjoy as opposed to what other people enjoy, or who you "really" are as opposed to who other people are. Authenticity is allowing your likes, dislikes, personality, appearance, hobbies, and beliefs to be fluid, to change, to evolve as you learn, grow, and experience the world.At its core, authenticity is the practice of surrendering the tiresome task of keeping up appearances and taking up of the lifetime work of allowing what is already within you to come out while you remove as many internal and external obstacles as possible.And who knows what will spill out of you if you just allow it to? Who knows what is within you awaiting recognition, awaiting permission to show itself to the world? Even you don’t know—until you try. Or, rather, until you stop trying. Until you become curious.
Marcia Lynn McClure, Divine Deception|Before Christina could stop herself, her gaze dipped lower. Holy saints, the outline of his manhood stretched the cloth taut. She’d never seen a man so well endowed. Taking a deep breath, she pressed her hand against her forehead and tried not to swoon while she forced herself to snap her gaze to his face. “They’re braies, not box-ers.” She bent down, picked up his blue ones and held them up. “Ye ken?”		“Right, bra-ie-s,” he said as if it were a new word for him. “How do you keep them up?
Voltaire, A Treatise on Toleration and Other Essays|Contemporary attitudes toward urban parks fall into three levels of sophistication. The first, the most naive assumption, is that parks are just plots of land preserved in their original state. If asked to discuss the issue at all, many laymen have maintained this much, that parks are bits of nature created only in the sense that some decision was made not to build on the land. Many are surprised to learn that parks that an artifact conceived and deliberated as carefully as public buildings, with both physical shape and social usage taken into account. The second, a little more informed, is that parks are aesthetic objects and that their history can be understood in terms of an evolution of artistic styles independent of societal considerations. The third is the view that each of the elements of the urban park represents part of planners' strategy for moral and social reform, so that today, as in the past, the citizen visiting a park is subject to an accumulated set of intended moral lessons.
Lisa Kleypas, Love in the Afternoon|Temperance Dews stood with quiet confidence, a respectable women who lived in the sewer that was St. Giles. Her eyes had widened at the sight of Lazarus, but she made no move to flee. Indeed, finding a strange man in her pathetic sitting room seemed not to frighten her at all.Interesting.“I am Lazarus Huntington, Lord Caire,” he said.“I know. What are you doing here?”He tilted his head, studying her. She knew him, yet did not recoil in horror? Yes, she’d do quite well. “I’ve come to make a proposition to you, Mrs. Dews.”Still no sign of fear, though she eyed the doorway. “You’ve chosen the wrong woman, my lord. The night is late. Please leave my house.”No fear and no deference to his rank. An interesting woman indeed.“My proposition is not, er, illicit in nature,” he drawled. “In fact, it’s quite respectable. Or nearly so.”She sighed, looked down at her tray, and then back up at him. “Would you like a cup of tea?”He almost smiled. Tea? When had he last been offered something so very prosaic by a woman? He couldn’t remember.But he replied gravely enough. “Thank you, no.”She nodded. “Then if you don’t mind?”He waved a hand to indicate permission.She set the tea tray on the wretched little table and sat on the padded footstool to pour herself a cup. He watched her. She was a monochromatic study. Her dress, bodice, hose, and shoes were all flat black. A fichu tucked in at her severe neckline, an apron, and cap—no lace or ruffles—were all white. No color marred her aspect, making the lush red of her full lips all the more startling. She wore the clothes of a nun, yet had the mouth of a sybarite.The contrast was fascinating—and arousing.“You’re a Puritan?” he asked.Her beautiful mouth compressed. “No.
Erik Pevernagie|When grief impounds our thinking and eats our brains, it seeps through all the cracks of our daily living. Only the soothing wind of comforting words may counter the withering twilight and the frostiness of darkness. ("All the words he always wanted to tell her.")
Kelle Hampton, Bloom: Finding Beauty in the Unexpected--A Memoir|Observe the rhythm of passers-by on the street, at work, everywhere. Summon loving acceptance and let their tempos move you emotionally and corporeally. Try to assimilate new ideas by trying out the rhythms of those you encounter.
Wilma Mankiller|If society will not admit of woman's free development, then society must be remodeled.
Lynn Raye Harris, Hot Shot|He'd told her she was his. That he was jealous and he wasn't sharing her. Where the hell had that come from?He didn't know, but as she leaned forward and pressed her mouth to his abdomen, he knew he'd spoken the truth. He was jealous. Completely and utterly, and it twisted him up inside to realize it.
Erin Kellison, Delirium|That is strange and creepy," Marcy remarked, "but totally cool. You Ghostbustered her.
Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.|What, all so soon asleep! I wish mine eyesWould, with themselves, shut up my thoughts...
Anne Rice, Prince Lestat and the Realms of Atlantis|Your soul is your inner being, your thinking, reasoning, loving, choosing inner being. Your capacity to stand up for what is right. Your capacity to fight against what is wrong. Your capacity to choose even to die for what you believe is right. That's your soul.
Charles Kingsley, The Water-Babies|The most wonderful and the strongest things in the world, you know, are just the things which no one can see.
New York Times Staff|While my college had done an excellent job recruiting me, I had no road map for what I was supposed to do once I made it to campus.
Kristen Stewart|I'll be singing with The Blind Boys of Alabama, which is a great joy to me. I've done some work with them before, and they truly are amazing.
John Green|As long as my music is real, it's no limit to how many ears I can grab.
Michael  Grant, Lies|I’m killing Zil. Clear enough? I’m putting him down.”“Whoa, man,” Edilio said. “That’s not what we do. We’re the good guys, right?”“There has to be an end to it, Edilio.” He wiped soot from his face with the back of his hand, but smoke had filled his eyes with tears. “I can’t keep doing it and never reaching the end.”“It’s not your call anymore,” Edilio said.Sam turned a steely glare on him. “You too? Now you’re siding with Astrid?”“Man, there have to be limits,” Edilio said.Sam stood staring down the street. The fire was out of control. All of Sherman was burning, from one end to the other. If they were lucky it wouldn’t jump to another street. But one way or the other, Sherman was lost.“We should be looking to save any kids that are trapped,” Edilio said.Sam didn’t answer.“Sam,” Edilio pleaded.“I begged Him to let me die, Edilio. I prayed to the God who Astrid likes so much and I said, God, if You’re there, kill me. Don’t let me feel this pain anymore.”Edilio said nothing.“You don’t understand, Edilio,” Sam said so softly, he doubted Edilio could hear him over the roar and crackle of the fire raging all around them. “You can’t do anything else with people like this. You have to kill them all. Zil. Caine. Drake. You just have to kill them. So right now, I’m starting with Zil and his crew,” Sam said. “You can come with me or not.
Eugenio Montale|It lasted just a moment, whatever that is. One held breath? An ant's afternoon? It was brief, I can promise that much, for although it's been many years now since my children ruled my life, a mother recalls the measure of the silences.
Joyce Rachelle|Dementia: Is it more painful to forget, or to be forgotten?
Peter Landesman|We've all seen 'Network' and 'Wag the Dog,' but we were somehow insulated by the fact that those were just movies, fictions, and we could rest easy that the Real News doesn't operate that way. Well, it does - sometimes.
Julie James, Just the Sexiest Man Alive|You know what we have to do?"The Italian nodded. "I know.""You don't look too happy about it.""Defacing a beautiful building is a crime.""But killing people is not?" Dee asked."Well, people can always be replaced.
Debasish Mridha|Winning is something, but participation is everything.
Hillary Scott|I started making music... I guess I was 12, and I started playing 'Guitar Hero.' And you know, it got to a point where on expert, you can only exceed to a certain point. And so, you know, I was like, 'Let's play real guitar. Let's not waste more time.' So, I got my mom, I told her to buy me a guitar for Christmas, and I started making music then.
K. D. Green|I’m a writer. Therefore, I am not sane.
Lisa Kogan|A rose is not its thorns, a peach is not its fuzz and a human being is not his or her crankiness.
J.M. Carydice, Aaron Apple and the Rain|Scarring smiles, hidden tears,You stand, heads bowed and revereThe soul before us, burnt and tornHer faded essence, we sadly mournAnd though she walked a path of liesHer spirit surely still shall riseAnd among her own, she can be at peace An eternal angel, she’s been released.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lectures on Literature|Why, if one wants to compare life to anything, one must liken it to being blown through the Tube at fifty miles an hour--landing at the other end without a single hairpin in one's hair! Shot out at the feet of God entirely naked! Tumbling head over heels in the asphodel meadows like brown paper parcels pitched down a shoot in the post office! With one's hair flying back like the tail of a race-horse. Yes, that seems to express the rapidity of life, the perpetual waste and repair; all so casual, all so haphazard...But after life. The slow pulling down of thick green stalks so that the cup of the flower, as it turns over, deluges one with purple and red light. Why, after all, should one not be born there as one is born here, helpless, speechless, unable to focus one's eyesight, groping at the roots of the grass, at the toes of the Giants?
Patti Roberts, The Angels Are Here|If somebody offers you an amazing opportunity but you are not sure you can do it, say yes – then learn how to do it later!
Rebecca Podos, The Mystery of Hollow Places|Time went by and there wasn’t even sadness.“You know how another patient put it? She said this feeling inside her was . . . it was anti-feeling. Like a black hole in space, and everything—happiness, anger, hope, meaning—it would all get sucked in, tipped over the event horizon, and she couldn’t feel any of it. That’s the way it was for me. I walked around like everyone else, and had this wonderful opportunity at the museum, and came home to this brilliant guy who loved me and was nothing but sweet. Your father tried so hard. But I felt . . . empty. If I could’ve filled that space up with anything, I would’ve. If somebody had turned to me and said, ‘It’s easy, just pour some dry cement in there and you’ll be a normal human girl,’ I would’ve done it like that.” She snaps her fingers. “But I couldn’t. And your father couldn’t do it for me.
Francine Rivers, A Voice in the Wind|Hatred is the enemy, Hadassah. Not the people.
Atsushi Ohkubo, Soul Eater, Vol. 01|Soul: As a cool guy, I'm used to seeing naked women.Blair: That explains the nosebleed
Janet Aylmer, Sophie's Salvation|They say never say never but we'll make an exception because: never would I change you never would I leave you never would I bring you downnever ever will I stop loving you. Now change those woulds to "wills" and you'll have a better idea of me.
Leslea Wahl, The Perfect Blindside|When you dance, your whole body dances, your skin and bones, your soul, The tips of your fingers and the roots of your hair. When you stop dancing you stop living.
Eleanor Hallowell Abbott, Little Eve Edgarton|This late age of the world’s experience had bred in them all, all men and women, a well of tears.
Katie McGarry, Pushing the Limits|They don’t want me. They’re curious why you want me. And anyway, I feel sorry for anyone that thinks they have a chance. I am hopelessly and completely in love with you.”A pained look shadowed his face. “You know why I want you? I didn’t know I was lost until you found me. I didn’t know what alone was until the first night I spent without you in my bed. You’re the one thing I’ve got right. You’re what I’ve been waiting for, Pigeon.
James Clavell, King Rat|I wept like a child. It was not because I was overcome at having survived my ordeal, though I was. Nor was it the presence of my brothers and sisters, though that too was very moving. I was weeping because ....fill in the blank with whatever/whoever helped you survive... had left me so unceremoniously.
Erma Bombeck|Written on her tombstone: "I told you I was sick.
Auliq Ice|Never think twice, when you have decided once.
Kenneth Eade, And Justice?|Walter's case taught me that fear and anger are a threat to justice; they can infect a community, a state, or a nation and make us blind, irrational, and dangerous.
Campbell Brown|Part of me thinks that innovation, real innovation in health care delivery, needs to happen from the bottom to the top.
Zachary Rawlins, The Academy|But in my growth and development, I knew I wanted more. And more. Oh, God. So much more. It's what being human is all about.
Bono|What charitable 1 percenters can't do is assume responsibility - America's national responsibilities: the care of its sick and its poor, the education of its young, the repair of its failing infrastructure, the repayment of its staggering war debts.
Michel de Montaigne|Muhammad Ali struck us in the middle of America's darkest night, in the heart of its most threatening gathering storm. His power toppled the mightiest of foes, and his intense light shined on America, and we were able to see clearly injustice, inequality, poverty, pride, self realization, courage, laughter, love, joy and religious freedom for all.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|She was darkness and he was darkness and there had never been anything before this time, only darkness and his lips upon her. She tried to speak and his mouth was over hers again. Suddenly she had a wild thrill such as she had never known; joy, fear, madness, excitement, surrender to arms that were too strong, lips too bruising, fate that moved too fast.
Sunday Adelaja|You either waste, spend or invest time. Make your choice wisely
Kierra C.T. Banks|She's like the rarest of jewels, too precious to be worn, and too valuable to tarnish.
Tyler Knott Gregson, Chasers of the Light: Poems from the Typewriter Series|I don't remember everything that happened, and I'm looking forward to the tale. But I know, I feel, that it was good. Even if I did die. It was a damn excellent dream.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|I felt in my bones; first, that this world does not explain itself. It may be a miracle with a supernatural explanation; it may be a conjuring trick, with a natural explanation. But the explanation of the conjuring trick, if it is to satisfy me, will have to be better than the natural explanations I have heard. The thing is magic, true or false. Second, I came to feel as if magic must have a meaning, and meaning must have some one to mean it. There was something personal in the world, as in a work of art; whatever it meant it meant violently. Third, I thought this purpose beautiful in its old design, in spite of its defects, such as dragons. Fourth, that the proper form of thanks to it is some form of humility and restraint: we should thank God for beer and Burgundy by not drinking too much of them. We owed, also, an obedience to whatever made us. And last, and strangest, there had come into my mind a vague and vast impression that in some way all good was a remnant to be stored and held sacred out of some primordial ruin. Man had saved his good as Crusoe saved his goods: he had saved them from a wreck...And all this time I had not even thought of Christian theology.
James A. Michener, The Source|We seek God so earnestly, Eliav reflected, not to find Him but to discover ourselves.
Barack Obama|We call that person who has lost his father, an orphan; and a widower that man who has lost his wife. But that man who has known the immense unhappiness of losing a friend, by what name do we call him? Here every language is silent and holds its peace in impotence.
Albert Einstein|People mistakenly assume that their thinking is done by their head; it is actually done by the heart which first dictates the conclusion, then commands the head to provide the reasoning that will defend it.
Debasish Mridha|Simply by changing our thoughts, we can sow the seeds of happiness in the garden of our minds.
Noo Saro-Wiwa|I paid for two seats at the back of the car to give my thighs breathing space. The gangly man sitting next to me used the extra space to spread his legs as widely as possible, leaving me squeezed once again against the window. I was livid. Months of travelling cheek-by-jowl in cars had instilled in me a new-found loathing of men’s legs, which, like air, seem constantly to expand to fill the space available. I’m amazed they’re not all buried in Y-shaped coffins.
Debasish Mridha|The breeding ground of fear is procrastination and inaction. We overcome them not by preparation, but by taking action.
Thomas G. Long, Beyond the Worship Wars: Building Vital and Faithful Worship|The requirement to obey and acknowledge God and Jesus Christ has caused the teachings of the Christian tradition to stray from morality to idol worship,creating a world in which a murderer can be forgiven and sent to heaven, whereas a loving and caring skeptic would be cast into damnation.
Carol Lynn Pearson, The Ghost of Eternal Polygamy: Haunting the Hearts and Heaven of Mormon Women and Men|Once, she fell off of a ladder when I was three. She says all she was worried about was my face as I watched her fall.
Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known|The grass is greener on the other side, but often this is just an illusion. Most probably, everyone is as unhappy as you.
Nina LaCour, Hold Still|It was the moment I realized what music can do to people, how it can make you hurt and feel so good all at once.
James Dashner|I should rip your eyes out,” Newt said, spraying Thomas with spit. “Teach you a lesson in stupidity.Why’d you come over here? You expected a bloody hug? Huh? A nice sit-down to talk about the goodtimes in the Glade?
Steven Herrick, A Place Like This|At the end of the day, can you look back and say to yourself, "Today, my mother would be proud of me because I gave it all I had"? If you can, you will have had a very good day. And if you can do this every day, you will have a very good life.
Colin Powell|Lee's great gifts are teaching and inspirational guidance, not administration and management.
George Saunders|When we are out of sympathy with the young, then I think our work in this world is over.
John Irving|I adore children. If I weren't an actor, I would be a teacher or work with small children in some way. I feel happy in their company.
Richard Matheson, The Shrinking Man|It was more than a spider. It was every unknown terror in the world fused into wriggling, poison-jawed horror. It was every anxiety, insecurity, and fear in his life given a hideous, night-black form.
Elizabeth Bourgeret|Our culture reasons that because we fell there is not enough time, we should increase our pace, multitask, and fit more into our already overbooked days. But even though it is counterintuitive to popular wisdom, perhaps the more effective response to the limits of time is to live more fully in the moment, to savor it and expand it.
Ian Rush|For me, growing up in Los Angeles in the '90s, Huell Howser was the most consistently watchable entertainer on TV. I was more of a radio geek as a teenager, but Huell I watched whenever I got the chance. A lot of us did.
William Arthur Ward|When you wish someone joy, you wish them peace, love, prosperity, happiness... all the good things.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Works of art are of an infinite solitude, and no means of approach is so useless as criticism. Only love can touch and hold them and be fair to them.
Adele          Rose, Shattered|It’s tough, but if you want to survive, sometimes you have to do the seemingly impossible.
Peter Matthiessen, The Snow Leopard|The central feature of the practice of meditation and hard work known as Zen is that, as Matthiessen says, it “has no patience with mysticism, far less the occult.” Nor does it have any time with moralism, the prescriptions or distortions we would impose on the world, obscuring it from our view. It asks, it insists rather, that we take this moment for what it is, undistracted, and not cloud it with needless worries of what might have been or fantasies of what might come to be. It is, essentially, a training in the real…”the Universe itself is the scripture of Zen." Pico Iyer from introduction.
Tanmaya Guru|If you have the chance to achieve, do it. Life is about taking a chance on something incredible.
Loretta Lynn|My attitude toward men who mess around is simple: If you find 'em, kill 'em.
John Mark Green|You can fall in love again with someone you're already in love with. It's like waking from a dream within a dream and finding another layer, the colors more vivid, the light more lucid, the fantasy more real. Being in love is an endless loop of waking to reverie.
Jenny  Lawson, Let's Pretend This Never Happened: A Mostly True Memoir|A friend is someone who knows where all your bodies are buried. Because they're the ones who helped you put them there."And sometimes, if you're really lucky, they help you dig them back up.
William Blake|Why not other elements besides fire, air, earth and water? There are four of them, just four, those foster parents of beings! What a pity! Why aren't there forty elements instead, or four hundred, or four thousand? How paltry everything is, how miserly, how wretched! Stingily given, aridly invented, heavily made!Why not other elements besides fire, air, earth and water? There are four of them, just four, those foster parents of beings! What a pity! Why aren't there forty elements instead, or four hundred, or four thousand? How paltry everything is, how miserly, how wretched! Stingily given, aridly invented, heavily made!
Shari Arison|Good things are associated with blue, like clear days, more than singing the blues. Just the word 'blue' in the singular is full of optimism and positive connotation to most people.
George Washington|In the end, that's what this election is about. Do we participate in a politics of cynicism or a politics of hope?
Rollo May, The Courage to Create|Intimacy requires courage because risk is inescapable. We cannot know at the outset how the relationship will affect us. Like a chemical mixture, if one of us is changed, both of us will be. Will we grow in self-actualization, or will it destroy us? The one thing we can be certain of is that if we let ourselves fully into the relationship for good or evil, we will not come out unaffected.
Mel Robbins, The 5 Second Rule: Transform Your Life, Work, and Confidence with Everyday Courage|Win or lose, at least I'm doing something.
Dean Koontz, Innocence|when you pass beyond the point of no return , you will come back a different person..عندما تتجاوز ماوراء نقطة اللاعودة سوف تعود شخصا مختلفا
Asa Don Brown|Shame and blame should have no place in our body, mind, or spirit.
Dominic Monaghan|I think a lot of young kids at school are very conscious of trying to keep credibility in case they kind of stand out in a crowd and get bullied by trying to stay cool and stuff. And my whole thing, all the way through school, was I was just a goof... I didn't care.
Michael Bassey Johnson|A good listener is one who always pays attention, not to gain, but to learn.
Friedrich Nietzsche|The American flag is an enduring symbol of liberty, democracy, and justice. It is fitting that the House act to protect it as we approach our nation's birthday, and as our men and women in uniform rally behind it in Iraq's battlefields.
Unknown Wattpad writer|Opinions are like assholes, everybody has their own. I don't mess with yours and you don't mess with mine.
John Lennon|The quality of light by which we scrutinize our lives has direct bearing upon the product which we live, and upon the changes which we hope to bring about through those lives.
P.D. James, The Children of Men|If our sex life were determined by our first youthful experiments, most of the world would be doomed to celibacy. In no area of human experience are human beings more convinced that something better can be had only if they persevere.
Seth Shostak|The cosmos is three times as old as Earth. During most of creation's 14 billion year history, our solar system wasn't around. Nonetheless, the early universe still had the right stuff for life, and contained worlds that were just as suitable for spawning biology and intelligence as our own.
Lucy  Holliday|Yes, you are still grieving for the fact that Olly is not loving you as you love him. But death is no solution. Certainly not this horrible, messy death. Could you at least not consider possible option that is not leaving you looking diabolical at funeral?"Oh, for the love of God.
John Green, Paper Towns|That's always seemed so ridiculous to me, that people want to be around someone because they're pretty. It's like picking your breakfeast cereals based on color instead of taste.
Victor Shamas, The Way of Play: Reclaiming Divine Fun & Celebration|In an era of globalization, we recognize that we are part of a global society, but we have no idea how to make such a society work. So far, no unified vision or leadership has emerged to guide us in this endeavor. We have not yet found a way to expand the spiritual ideals of democracy so that they pertain to every human being, every animal, and every plant. Until we do, human civilization and the Earth's ecosystem will continue to be in peril.
Nhat Hanh|To be on this set today, I feel very blessed for the second chance and for the opportunity, my record company believing in me and everybody here just showing me so much love and support.
Ethan Allen|It is a holy blessing to be born with the exquisite qualities of a daughter of God. Women of God, both old and young, are spiritual and sensitive, tender and gentle. They have a kind, nurturing nature. This is your inheritance. Never belittle the gifts God has given to you. Develop the divinity that is within you.
Renzo Piano|In a way I spend my entire life stealing from everything - from the past, from cities I love, from where I grew up - grabbing things, taking not only from architecture but from Italy, art, writing, poetry, music.
Kina Grannis|Colombians are sick of 'Narcos' stories because Colombia is a country that has changed so much. It's a country that's completely different from the country that we see in 'Narcos.' They reconstructed themselves in 25 years, which is amazing.
Caroline Kepnes, Hidden Bodies|Nature is an inherently forward beast; footsteps disappear, past hurts fade.
Heather Day Gilbert, Forest Child|Some are born to love, and some to fight. How can I ever succeed at both?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do not find faults, only forgive.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox, Poems of Passion|Laugh, and the world laughs with you;Weep, and you weep alone;For the sad old earth must borrow its mirth,But has trouble enough of its own.
Erin Kouvas|If you reach for the stars, but only touch the sky, isn't that better than never knowing the sweet taste of flight?
Eddie Murphy|When I played a club in Salt Lake City, I complained to the crowd about the low turnout. It's always good to berate the people who paid to see you because you're upset about the people who didn't show up. It's called misplaced anger, and without it, I wouldn't have an act.
Horatio Nelson|Falsehood has an infinity of combinations, but truth has only one mode of being.
William Makepeace Thackeray|There's a great power of imagination about these little creatures, and a creative fancy and belief that is very curious to watch . . . I am sure that horrid matter-of-fact child-rearers . . . do away with the child's most beautiful privilege. I am determined that Anny shall have a very extensive and instructive store of learning in Tom Thumbs, Jack-the-Giant-Killers, etc.
Ludwig von Mises, Human Action: A Treatise on Economics|In this century, we are about to enter interplanetary civilization.In order to survive, we need to go beyond neoclassical economics definition.We define it as interplanomics.
Emmanuel Teney|As your faith is strengthened, you will find that there is no longer the need to have a sense of control, that things will flow as they will and that you will flow with them to your great delight and benefit.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|You people are looking for diamonds , But I'm looking for shine bright like a diamond !.أنتم الناس تبحثون عن الماس ، لكن أنا أبحث عن اللمعان مثل الماس
Toni Morrison, The Nobel Lecture In Literature, 1993|The systematic looting of language can be recognized by the tendency of its users to forgo its nuanced, complex, mid-wifery properties for menace and subjugation. Oppressive language does more than represent violence; it is violence; does more than represent the limits of knowledge; it limits knowledge. Whether it is obscuring state language or the faux-language of mindless media; whether it is the proud but calcified language of the academy or the commodity driven language of science; whether it is the malign language of law-without-ethics, or language designed for the estrangement of minorities, hiding its racist plunder in its literary cheek - it must be rejected, altered and exposed. It is the language that drinks blood, laps vulnerabilities, tucks its fascist boots under crinolines of respectability and patriotism as it moves relentlessly toward the bottom line and the bottomed-out mind. Sexist language, racist language, theistic language - all are typical of the policing languages of mastery, and cannot, do not permit new knowledge or encourage the mutual exchange of ideas.- Toni Morrison, Nobel Lecture, 1993
Jennifer DeLucy|I knew this for a fact. Little by little, the ache to see him, to hear him would disappear. Little by little I’d forget how his arms felt, how his fingers felt, how his lips felt..the sound of his voice, the intensity of his gaze, all of it. Trace by trace it would slip from my mind, recede into foggy memory. The painful haze that dulled my present would melt into the past. Maybe not all the way, maybe there would be a few scars. Maybe I'd be different, but I’d be me again. Little by little.
Dorothy L. Sayers, The Whimsical Christian: 18 Essays|Perhaps [the critics are right and] the drama is played out now and Jesus is safely dead and buried. Perhaps. It is ironical and entertaining to consider that at least once in the world’s history those words might have been said with complete conviction, and that was on the eve of the Resurrection.
Stephen King, Bag of Bones|Things conceived by minds and made by hands can never be quite the same, even if they try their best to be identical, because they're never the same from day to day or even moment to moment.
Ann Cleeves, Blue Lightning|I suppose if you love someone, you don´t stop them doing the things that make them happy.
Tim O'Brien, In the Lake of the Woods|At what point,” he asked, “does one decide on rafters and a rope? Answer: no points to be had. There is merely what happened, what is now happening and what will one day happen. Do we choose sleep? Hell no and bullshit – we fall. We give ourselves over to possibility, to whim and fancy, to the bed, the pillow, the tiny white tablet. And these choose for us. Gravity has a hand. Bear in mind trapdoors. We fall in love, yes? Tumble, in fact. Is it choice? Enough said.
Jordan Silver, Broken|......He was public enemy number one, and he was okay with that. It felt good to be himself.
Kevin Sites, In the Hot Zone: One Man, One Year, Twenty Wars|The story is about being loyal to the truth as a nation, that citizens of a democracy are collectively responsible for what their troops do in war, good or bad.
Joyce Carol Oates, A Widow's Story|Biography is the medium through which the remaining secrets of the famous dead are taken from them and dumped out in full view of the world. The biographer at work, indeed, is like the professional burglar, breaking into a house, rifling through certain drawers that he has good reason to think contain the jewelry and money, and triumphantly bearing his loot away. The voyeurism and busybodyism that impel writers and readers of biography alike are obscured by an apparatus of scholarship designed to give the enterprise an appearance of banklike blandness and solidity. The biographer is portrayed almost as a kind of benefactor. He is seen as sacrificing years of his life to his task, tirelessly sitting in archives and libraries and patiently conducting interviews with witnesses. There is no length he will not go to, and the more his book reflects his industry the more the reader believes that he is having an elevating literary experience, rather than simply listening to backstairs gossip and reading other people’s mail. The transgressive nature of biography is rarely acknowledged, but it is the only explanation for biography’s status as a popular genre. The reader’s amazing tolerance (which he would extend to no novel written half as badly as most biographies) makes sense only when seen as a kind of collusion between him and the biographer in an excitingly forbidden undertaking: tiptoeing down the corridor together, to stand in front of the bedroom door and try to peep through the keyhole.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|You see, until then I'd been driven. I'd had a true quest, a purpose beyond my function - and then suddenly, the quest was over. I felt... drained. Disappointed. Let down.Does that make sense? I had been sure that as soon as I had everything back I'd feel good. But inside I felt worse than when I stared.
George R. Stewart, U.S. 40: Cross Section of the United States of America|We are told to remember the idea and not the man. Because a man can fail. He can be caught, he can be killed and forgotten. But 400 years later, an idea can still change the world. I have witnessed firsthand the power of ideas. I've seen people kill in the name of them. But you cannot kiss an idea... cannot touch it or hold it.Ideas do not bleed. They do not feel pain. They do not love. And it is not an idea that I miss. It is a man.A man that made me remember the 5th of November. A man that I will never forget.
Sebastian Thrun|I didn't start writing songs, honestly, until I started making my album. I was always doing poetry, but I never thought I could write songs. I discouraged myself and thought it was so hard. But starting this process and learning just what it is to be a songwriter and performer taught me that you don't have to feel discouraged about anything.
Wally Lamb, She's Come Undone|I don't want anything to happen to you. You being hurt...that thought fills me with dread. I can't promise not to interfere, not if I think you'll come to harm." He pauses and takes a deep breath. "I love you, Anastasia. I will do everything in my power to protect you. I cann't imagine my life without you.
Kirn Hans, Behind My Mask|A nonhot boy stares at you and it is, at best, awkward and, at worst, a form of assault. But a hot boy...well.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|you are the only woman I have ever met who I would want to be in a little house with, do you see? Other women make me want to get on boats and run away. You, you make me want to stay somewhere, so that I can see your face everyday. So that I can hold you everyday and watch you grow older. You make me want to be an adult man. You make me want to settle down.
Debasish Mridha|When you learn to see the beauty in emptiness, your life will become more abundant.
J.A. Perez|With commitment and vision, it is possible to build a bridge between potential partners and communities whose work is of relevance to peace-building initiatives.
Alison Croggon, The Riddle|If I'm confused, or upset, or angry, if I can go out and look at the stars I'll almost always get back a sense of proportion. It's not that they make me feel insignificant; it's the very opposite; they make me feel that everything matters, be it ever so small, and that there's meaning to life even when it seems most meaningless.
David S.E. Zapanta, Posthumous|Son of a Merryweather, he’s a lot stronger than he looks.
Laura Arrillaga-Andreessen|Ever since I was a kid, I've always thought it very important to be happy inside. There's a lot of bad things happening in the world, but it's important to try to stay happy and appreciate what you've got, and don't look externally for the happiness.
Brandon Sanderson, Firefight|The Magician should devise for himself a definite technique for destroying "evil." The essence of such a practice will consist in training the mind and the body to confront things which case fear, pain, disgust, shame and the like. He must learn to endure them, then to become indifferent to them, then to become indifferent to them, then to analyze them until they give pleasure and instruction, and finally to appreciate them for their own sake, as aspects of Truth. When this has been done, he should abandon them, if they are really harmful in relation to health and comfort.
Shannon L. Alder|If God does indeed exist, then He is good, and He is just, and He stands upon the side of right.
Abbi Glines, Fallen Too Far|I need you. Right now. Let me love you right here, please.
Hayden Phillips|I don’t care who you love, what you believe, how you look, where you’re from or what you do. If you are a good hearted person, you’re good in my books!
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|What can I say about life? Do I praise it for letting you live, or damn it for allowing the rest?
Matthew Dixon Brent Adamson|If you do not believe in your product or service enough to offer it to your own family and friends, then you should question the value of what you are selling.
Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell|Time and I have quarrelled. All hours are midnight now. I had a clock and a watch, but I destroyed them both. I could not bear the way they mocked me.
Jordan Ellenberg, How Not to Be Wrong: The Power of Mathematical Thinking|Mathematics takes us still further from what is human into the region of absolute necessity, to which not only the actual world, but ever possible world, must conform.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|What do you know of the Knights?” he asked. Fin shrugged. “I thought knights were only in children’s stories until a few days ago.” Jeannot smiled. “A man could do worse than to live in the stories of a child. There is, perhaps, no better remembrance.” “Until the child grows up and finds out the stories aren’t true. You might be knights, but I don’t see any shining armor,” Fin said. Jeannot stopped near the gate of the auberge and faced her. “Each time a story is told, the details and accuracies and facts are winnowed away until all that remains is the heart of the tale. If there is truth at the heart of it, a tale may live forever. As a knight, there is no dragon to slay, no maiden to rescue, and no miraculous grail to uncover. A knight seeks the truth beneath these things, seeks the heart. We call this the corso. The path set before us. The race we must run.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Armageddon in Retrospect|My advice to writers just starting out? Don't use semi-colons! They are transvestite hermaphrodites, representing exactly nothing. All they do is suggest you might have gone to college.
Mikhail Bakunin|People go to church for the same reasons they go to a tavern: to stupefy themselves, to forget their misery, to imagine themselves, for a few minutes anyway, free and happy.-- Circular Letter to My Friends in Italy
Harvey Weinstein|So the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund is out there preserving and fighting for, and sometimes winning and sometimes losing, the fight for First Amendment rights in comics and, more generally, for freedom of speech.
Chidiebere Prosper Agbugba|To say something great, you must first stop trying to say something great! Sometimes struggling is an obstacle to reach the target! Flow like a river, calmly, naturally, enjoying the present moment, without thinking of the ocean and finally you will be there!
Aristotle, Poetics|Comedy aims at representing men as worse, Tragedy as better than in actual life.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|The river overflows, not the sun. (Déborde le fleuve, - Pas le soleil)
Jane Gardam|I want good people to come here from all over the world, but I want them to do so legally. We can expedite the process, we can reward achievement and excellemce, but we have to respect the legal process. And those people who take advantage of the system and come here illegally should never enjoy the benefits of being a resident--or citizen--of this nation. So I am against any path to citizenship for undocumented workers or anyone else who is in this country illegaly. They should--and need to--go home and get in line.
Ogwo David Emenike|Courage, self-reliance and decisiveness are the main traits that define a man.
S.D. Crockett, After the Snow|Luck in all its moods had to be loved and not feared Bond saw luck as a woman, to be softly wooed or brutally ravaged, never pandered to or pursued. But he was honest enough to admit that he had never yet been made to suffer by cards or by women. One day, and he accepted the fact he would be brought to his knees by love or by luck.
Ramana Pemmaraju|In our quest to know life, we have only succeeded in going farther away from our self! Fortunately, to come back home, only one way exists - BEING IN THE NOW!While there are numerous ways to escape life, fortunately, only one way to lead it - BEING IN THE NOW!
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore|All that evil requires is an absence of virtue, where somebody didn't make a stand.
Randy Gonzales|Live with Fulfillment, Serve with Passion so in this Lifetime you will have the ablility to Die with NO Regrets.
Adi Da Samraj, The Eating Gorilla Comes in Peace: The Transcendental Principle of Life Applied to Diet and the Regenerative Discipline of True Health|It is also good to love: because love is difficult. For one human being to love another human being: that is perhaps the most difficult task that has been entrusted to us, the ultimate task, the final test and proof, the work for which all other work is merely preparation.... Loving does not at first mean merging, surrendering, and uniting with another person (for what would a union be of two people who are unclarified, unfinished, and still incoherent?), it is a high inducement for the individual to ripen, to become something in himself, to become world, to become world in himself for the sake of another person; it is a great, demanding claim on him, something that chooses him and calls him to vast distances... Merging and surrendering and every kind of communion is not for them (who must still, for a long, long time, save and gather themselves); it is the ultimate, is perhaps that for which human lives are as yet barely large enough.
Hideaki Sorachi|True love is like wine, it gets stronger with age.
Alex Z. Moores, Living in Water|Emotions rage inside me, something like a world war twisting inside my stomach and poking holes in my lungs. I can't pick apart reality from fantasy - does that mean insanity isn't far from my reach?
Terry Pratchett, The Color of Magic|If by the mere force of numbers a majority should deprive a minority of any clearly written constitutional right, it might in a moral point of view justify revolution; certainly would if such right were a vital one. But such is not our case.
Jay-Z|Today's a beautiful day, and yesterday was a beautiful day, so that means it's a great life.
Lewis Black|There are golfers everywhere who may never get a chance to play a links course in Scotland, a tree-lined course in America or the sand belts of Australia. Hopefully I can bring some of those elements into their backyards.
Sara Niles, Torn From the Inside Out|Some things are too precious to forget, such as the lessons of history, and the deeds of unsung heroes, for if we stumble into the habit of forgetting, we lose both the value of life and the opportunity to become a wiser and stronger generation.
Richard Mitchell, The Leaning Tower Of Babel And Other Affronts By The Underground Grammarian|Only in some very special cases is comprehension the point of reading--in things like recipes and "reading material." The point of reading is understanding, and comprehension is to understanding as getting wet is to swimming. You must do the one before you can hope to do the other, but you don't do the other simply because you do the one.
Tom Hodgkinson|It was my father who instilled the 'never say no' attitude I carry around with me today, and who instilled in me a sense of wonder, always taking us on adventures in the car, never telling us the destination.
Patti Smith, M Train|Love makes things possible, not easy.
W. E. B. Du Bois|Public education is our greatest pathway to opportunity in America. So we need to invest in and strengthen our public universities today, and for generations to come.
Sherwood Anderson, Winesburg, Ohio|You can ignore me, Rachel, and you can try to treat me as a friend, but none of that will erase the fact that I think about kissing you every second I’m awake and dream at night of my hands on your body. And it sure as hell won’t erase that I’m terrified by how much I like you.
Gena Showalter, The Queen of Zombie Hearts|Roses are red, violets are blue, I have five fingers, the middle one is for you.
Danielle Monsch, Pleasure Satellite|You don’t need a crown to be a Princess. You don’t even need a Prince. You just have to believe that you deserve to be treated like one. You have to believe in yourself and exude confidence without conceitedness, and once you do, your Prince will find you.
Zeke Jones|To be successful at anything, it takes hard work, discipline, dedication, and a burning desire to be the best.
Robert Henri|Lines are results, do not draw them for themselves. ... Lines give birth to lines. Drawing is not following a line on the model, it is drawing your sense of the thing. ... Make a drawing flow, stopping sometimes, and going on. ... Search for the simple constructive forces, line the lines of a suspension bridge. Get the few main lines and see what lines they call out. ... Have purpose in the places where lines stop.
Dada Bhagwan|Charging [creation of new karma] is under ‘your’ control and discharge [disposal of karma] is in nature’s control. Therefore, if you want to charge, charge positively. Whatever you have charged, nature will not refrain from discharging.
Steven Pinker|We really are creatures of a violent world, biologically speaking - watching violence and learning about it is one of our cognitive drives.
John Locke|Honoring the value of competence and steadfastness requires a generosity of spirit and a curbing of the passion for envy, traits that few people value and fewer still cultivate and acquire. Not until there is more of Smith and less of Hobbes in the human heart, will the majority of people prefer peaceful and boring market relations to the violent and exciting relations between coercer and coerced, predator and victim
Jonathan Martin, Prototype: What Happens When You Discover You're More Like Jesus Than You Think?|With the tension churning within us, knowing all the ways the earth is not yet as God intended it to be, we are driven to pray daily: "Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven." We are not looking for an escape from the world; we are looking for the restoration of the world.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Any person whom seeks to live a historical existence must devote their efforts to learning about the world, care about people and nature, and seek to express their thoughts in the artistic methodology most appropriate to their particular talent. A person cannot fake self-awareness or imitate an artistic nature. A person must honestly earn a heightened level of conscious awareness.
Brandon Mull, Chasing the Prophecy|Wars are indeed fought by children, by young people who have little to say in where they are sent to die.
Dan Pink|The wisdom of crowds works when the crowd is choosing the price of an ox, when there's a single numeric average. But if it's a design or something that matters, the decision is made by committee, and that's crap. You want people and groups who are able to think thoughts before they share.
Jeff Denham|Legal dialogue is awesome, but you can't ad lib. It's much more fun to be looser and say things like, 'Can I work in a Han Solo reference?' I'm a 'Star Wars' freak.
Marlene Davis|Depression, the Cancer that gnaws at your Body,Mind and Soul.
Sandra Dallas|After all, a woman didn't leave much behind in the world to show she'd been there. Even the children she bore and raised got their father's name. But her quilts, now that was something she could pass on.
Alex Rosa, Tryst|He smiled at me, and that smile -- he just gets in. His smile did it every time.
Zhang  Yun, Understand God's Word - Walk in the Truth|What made Jesus' death uncommon, unusual? It was the dying of the just for the unjust. It was His sacrificial dying, His vicarious dying. He paid a debt He did not owe in behalf of the others too deeply in debt ever to pay.
Julie James, The Thing About Love|He growled low in his throat. “I don’t think I can do this the nice way, Jessica.
Dada Bhagwan|If we like a person, all his attributes will manifest within us. If we like a pickpocket, even his attributes will manifest within us.
Maria V. Snyder, Fire Study|Lief. That's not nice, considering all your sister has done for you," admonished Perl."Oh right. How could I forget that she made me bait for a snake, left me on house arrest in Ixia, and smuggled me into the Keep in a coffin.
S. Kelley Harrell, Real Wyrd : A Modern Shaman's Roots in the Middle World|I thrust Sophie into a corner, blocking her with my body. She panted and snagged her lower lip in her teeth. “This is not my life,” she insisted.I looked at her solemnly. “I’m afraid it is. But it doesn’t have to be for long. Let’s just get through this. Then things go back to normal for you.”“Like they keep going back to normal for you?” Sophie hissed. “Ghost of your mother, psycho ex-best friend, company agent dating your dad, psychic vampire ex-boyfriend, werewolf current boyfriend—by the way, I can’t blame you for that one,” she confessed, eyes round as she mouthed the word whoa before continuing with her list, “Trip to the asylum, attempts against your life, vigilante father…”“Hey, the last ones are brand new. And the vigilante father thing? He’ll revert.”“Anyhow, I’m not so keen on your concept of normal.” I caught her staring at me.
Fritz Hollings|I'm focused on being the best, making history.
Joe Jordan, Sharpen Your Life: 52 Strategic Moments to Create a Lifetime of Success|Effective life management isn’t about finding more time to fill; it’s about recognizing you don’t have to do anything you do not choose to do. Hiding a choice behind a “have to” is irresponsible. Everything filling the white space in your life is there because you chose to put it there. We always have the power to say, “No.” We just need to be ready to live with the consequences.
Deyth Banger|Inside of a ring or out, ain’t nothing wrong with going down. It’s staying down that’s wrong.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|We can only afford two children' really means, 'We only like clean, well-disciplined middle-class children who go to good schools and grow up to be professionals', for children manage to use up all the capital that is made available for the purpose, whatever proportion it may be of the family's whole income, just as housework expands to fill the time available.
Isaac Asimov|If we have a simple existence, we shall feel how happy and how fortunate we are. There are some people who are of the opinion that simplicity is almost tantamount to stupidity. But simplicity and stupidity are like the North Pole and the South Pole. One can be as simple as a child and, at the same time, one can have boundless knowledge, light and wisdom.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|I may never be happy, but tonight I am content. Nothing more than an empty house, the warm hazy weariness from a day spent setting strawberry runners in the sun, a glass of cool sweet milk, and a shallow dish of blueberries bathed in cream. When one is so tired at the end of a day one must sleep, and at the next dawn there are more strawberry runners to set, and so one goes on living, near the earth. At times like this I'd call myself a fool to ask for more...
Tish Harrison Warren, Liturgy of the Ordinary: Sacred Practices in Everyday Life|Similarly, when we denigrate our bodies—whether through neglect or staring at our faces and counting up our flaws—we are belittling a sacred site, a worship space more wonderous than the most glorious, ancient cathedral. We are standing before the Grand Canyon or the Sistine Chapel and rolling our eyes.
Amy Davidson|The pillars of classical liberalism call for flat taxes, with revenues put to limited uses; strong property rights; and free markets.
Debasish Mridha|You can never explain it. At its best, you can only feel love and beauty.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Truth speaks for itself, this is the works of the Holy Spirit.
Phoebe Stone, The Romeo And Juliet Code|Not belonging is a terrible feeling. It feels awkward and it hurts, as if you were wearing someone else's shoes.
Onyi Anyado|Entrepreneur, don't just read history, write it so people can see the future in the present.
Charles M. Doughty, Travels in Arabia Deserta, Volume 1|There is a saying, if any stranger enquire of the first met of Maan, were it even a child, “Who is here the sheykh?” he would answer him “I am he.
Peter J. Carroll, Psybermagick: Advanced Ideas in Chaos Magick|Never join a conspiracy that you could possibly betray, because if you could, someone else will.
Otto Weininger, Sex & character|To reclaim our natural power and this birthright of real magic, we must get naked and face ourselves.The truth of Who You Really Are is vast. It is genius. It crackles with electricity and sensuality and other forbidden, dangerous things. You have longed for it all your life. You catch glimpses of it from the corner of your eye. A riff of music reminds you, a surge of ecstasy during sex brings you home, a crisp Autumn wind carries some long forgotten scent which thrills you for inexplicable reasons. A thousand tiny hints show up to seduce you awake and lead you back into your true nature, but they flee when you try to grasp them and leave you wondering if you were just imagining things. You weren’t though. This quality of richness and balance and home is Who You Really Are. That is the kingdom we seek and it waits for us to find it. It wants us to regain our rightful place.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greatest universe is not somewhere out there, but inside of yourself.
Christine Upton|Death stings so harshly, no escape and hiding zone from it.
Isabel Allende|You need to talk about sex with a sense of humor, especially because sex is a sensitive area for a lot of people.
Mev Puleo, The Struggle Is One: Voices and Visions of Liberation|I think all the politicians in Brazil use God. They always present themselves as the defenders of God. This is because power searches for its legitimation starting from God, religious legitimation. (Carlos Mesers, p. 123)
Anna Lyndsey|I studied history at university. My mutinous discontent recalls something I read there on the subject of revolutions. They do not happen, it was argued, when the oppressed class is being maximally ground down by misery, but, rather, when conditions improve. It is the slight relief of pressure which gives the downtrodden the chance to lift their heads out of the slime, to look about them. and become cognisant of the true circumstances of their lives.
J. Grant Howard, Balancing Life's Demands: A New Perspective on Priorities|Our differences will also show up from time to time, underscoring the uniqueness of our personal endowments, the variety of our experiences, and the creativity of our sovereign God.
Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed|A career is wonderful, but you can't curl up with it on a cold night
Barbara Brown Taylor, Learning to Walk in the Dark|...new life starts in the dark. Whether it is a seed in the ground, a baby in the womb, or Jesus in the tomb, it starts in the dark.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|He nodded toward the window with the sunshine streaming in. "You see that? You can go out there, outside, anytime. You can run up and down the block and go crazy. I can't do that. I can't go out. I can't run. I can't be out there without fear of getting sick. But you know what? I appreciate that window more than you do.
Raymond Rice, Time in a Bottle: The Resonance|Her immediate impulse was one of self-preservation. She was tied up in this somehow, she didn’t know why or how, but there was something waiting for her on the other side of this crowd.
Stelios Haji-Ioannou|I want to explore a new place each year, and it can be within India. When I was shooting for 'Mohenjo Daro', I couldn't travel out of the country for two years. But it gave me an opportunity to explore new places within India. I'm sure there are so many places to explore in India, and I would love to go there.
Michael J. Fox, Always Looking Up: The Adventures of an Incurable Optimist|One of the maxims of the new field of conservation biological control is that to control insect herbivores, you must maintain populations of insect herbivores.
Katie MacAlister, The Importance of Being Alice|Are you going to last if I start nibbling at your ankles and work my way up?"	"No. You might make it to my knee, but only if I think about starving children and venereal warts.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You are the greatest wife of all times and I love you so much more’ said my husband, Jeremiah Nii Mama Akita
Rebecca McNutt, Mandy and Alecto: The Collected Smog City Book Series|She rose and she remembered, remembered and rose, until she had gone too far for fear to snatch her back.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|If you throw ice at the sun, it will melt; if you throw spears, they will burn; and if you throw bricks, they will crumble. The sun is invincible; all that comes before it is consumed.
Victoria Moran|I started working out, eating a good diet, and just did everything I could that I thought would benefit me. I also started studying a lot harder in school. It matured me a remarkable amount and made me completely focused.
Debasish Mridha|Friendship is a gift forever;Cherish everyday, forget it never
S. Alex Martin|On Writing: "A multitude of improbabilities can be forgiven as long as enough plausibility has been established.
Nurudeen Ushawu|If everyone would've been childlike, not childish, the world would've be a better place.
Mary E. Pearson, The Kiss of Deception|Ascente cha ores ri ve breazza.""Turn your ear to the wind," she interpreted. "Stand strong.
Michael Spehn|9/11/01Gina:Especially today, with the enormity of current events, I want to convey to you again, how much you mean to me and how proud I am to be your husband. The hard work that you are engaged in right now is exhausting, invisible and largely thankless in the short term. But honey, please know that buried at the core of this tedium is the most noble and important work in the world- God's work; the fruits of which you and I will be lucky enough to enjoy as we grow old together. Watching these little guys grow into men is a privilege that I am proud to share with you, and the perfect fulfillment of our marriage bonds. You are a great mom. You are a great wife. You are my best friend. You are very pretty.  Happy Birthday.  -Matt
Arthur Rimbaud, A Season in Hell/The Drunken Boat|I turned silences and nights into words. What was unutterable, I wrote down. I made the whirling world stand still.
Mike Klepper|If you stay true to your principles, you have confidence, conviction, purpose, values - in other words, you have a future.
Richard Fortey, Trilobite: Eyewitness to Evolution|Night was falling. Birds were singing. Birds were, it occurred to me to say, enacting a frantic celebration of day's end. They were manifesting as the earth's bright-colored nerve endings, the sun's descent urging them into activity, filling them individually with life nectar, the life nectar then being passed into the world, out of each beak, in the form of that bird's distinctive song, which was, in turn, an accident of beak shape, throat shape, breast configuration, brain chemistry: some birds blessed in voice, others cursed; some squeaking, others rapturous.
Eric Motley|The HillI have come this far on my own legs,missing the bus, missing taxis,climbing always. One foot in front of the other,that is the way I do it.It does not bother me, the way the hill goes on.Grass beside the road, a tree rattlingits black leaves. So what?The longer I walk, the farther I am from everything.One foot in front of the other. The hours pass.One foot in front of the other. The years pass.The colors of arrival fade.That is the way I do it.
Victor L. Wooten, The Music Lesson: A Spiritual Search for Growth Through Music|Yet how bored they both looked, and how wearily Ethel regarded Jim sometimes, as if she wondered why she had trained the vines of her affection on such a wind-shaken poplar.
Doris Lessing, The Summer Before the Dark|she was wishing that whatever stage of her life she ws in now could be got through quickly, for it was seeming to her interminable. If life had to be looked at in terms of high moments or peaks, then nothing had "happened" to her for a long time; and she could look forward to nothing but a dwindling away from full household activities and getting old.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|Ye know, doan't ye, what it feels like when ye burn yer hand in takin' a cake out of the oven or wi'a match when ye're lightin' one of they godless cigarettes? Ay. It stings wi' a fearful pain, doan't it? And ye run away to clap a bit o' butter on it to take the pain away. Ah, but' (an impressive pause) 'there'll be no butter in hell!
Rebecca McNutt, Mandy and Alecto: The Collected Smog City Book Series|But on that night as I gazed out over the darkening land fifty-some nights out on the PCT, it occurred to me that I didn't have to be amazed by him anymore.There were so many other amazing things in this world.They opened up inside of me like a river. Like I didn't know I could take a breath and then I breathed. I laughed with the joy of it, and the next moment i was crying my first tears on the PCT. I cried and I cried and I cried. I wasn't crying because I was happy. I wasn't crying because I was sad. I wasn't crying because of my mother or my father or Paul. I was crying because I was full. Of those fifty-some hard days on the trail and of the 9,760 days that had come before them too.I was entering. I was leaving. California streamed behind me like a long silk veil. I didn't feel like a big fat idiot anymore. And I didn't feel like a hard-ass motherfucking Amazonian queen. I felt fierce and humble and gathered up inside, like I was safe in this world too.
Sunday Adelaja|To know your future, turn to the Lord in prayer
Steve   Brown, A Scandalous Freedom|You are really and truly and completely free. There is no kicker. There is no if, and, or but. You are free. You can do it right or wrong. You can obey or disobey. You can run from Christ or run to Christ. You can choose to become a faithful Christian or an unfaithful Christian. You can cry, cuss, and spit, or laugh, sing, and dance. You can read a novel or the Bible. You can watch television or pray. You're free...really free.
Dee Holmes, All I Want for Christmas|Being inside this cottage, with dark wooden walls and hand-carved furniture like my own home, cast a darkened stain onto my heart.
Mark Helprin|The intelligence of the lower forms of animal life, like a great deal of human intelligence, does not involve a self.
Matthew Quick, The Silver Linings Playbook|I was that kind of tired you feel when you’ve spent a day in a hospital while a loved one undergoes surgery and comes through all right, the loved one, of course, being myself, and Christmas being the surgical procedure.
Marouane LAASSAFAR|You always have a choice. Don't ever imagine that you don't. Whatever you do, it's a decision and you have to accept responsibility for it. That's when honor becomes more than empty words.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you are a musician,sing to one as if you were singing to a million.If you are a dancer,dance to one as if you were dancing to a million.If you are a performer,perform to one as if you were performing to a million.
Jeanette Winterson, The Passion|Lovers are not at their best when it matters. Mouths dry up, palms sweat, conversation flags and all the time the heart is threatening to fly from the body once and for all. Lovers have been known to have heart attacks. Lovers drink too much from nervousness and cannot perform. They eat too little and faint during their fervently wished consummation. They do not stroke the favoured cat and their face-paint comes loose. This is not all. Whatever you have set store by, your dress, your dinner, your poetry, will go wrong.How is it that one day life is orderly and you are content, a little cynical perhaps, but on the whole just so, and then without warning you find the solid floor is a trapdoor and you are now in another place whose geography is uncertain and whose customs are strange?Travellers at least have a choice. Those who set sail know that things will not be the same as at home. Explorers are prepared. But for us, who travel along the blood vessels, who come to the cities of the interior by chance, there is no preparation. We who were fluent find life is a foreign language. Somewhere between the swamp and the mountains. Somewhere between fear and sex. Somewhere between God and the Devil passion is and the way there is sudden and the way back is worse.
Robert Ludlum, The Bourne Identity|Before taking her into the library, my wife told me she was an old friend in a marriage crisis. A fatuous lie; at her age there are no crises left in marriage, only acceptance and extraction. (General Villiers)
Jonathan Ames, What's Not to Love?: The Adventures of a Mildly Perverted Young Writer|I felt myself falling asleep; my eyes were closing, and then I thought, Maybe I should just kill myself. Suicidal thoughts always sneak up on me like that. But I don’t mind them. They’re like aspirin. They calm me down.
Mike Mills|When I was a child people simply looked about them and were moderately happy; today they peer beyond the seven seas, bury themselves waist deep in tidings, and by and large what they see and hear makes them unutterably sad.
Yusuf Islam|Yet the best determining factor of how comfortable we are with ourselves, is our ability to laugh at ourselves.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|Whenever we read the obscene stories, the voluptuous debaucheries, the cruel and tortuous executions, the unrelenting vindictiveness with which more than half the Bible is filled, it would be more consistent that we called it the word of a demon than the word of a God. It...has served to corrupt and brutalize mankind.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|What separates us into engineers and robots, puppeteers and puppets, kings and pawns, is not the status we hold at any given time among others - status is irrelevant; it is the level of ever-present awareness we have of a grey-matter tailor's tools [of flattery, persuasion, and cunning.]
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Well, we could have just given him a horse and sent him on his way, but... Ancaladar ate the horse.
Jenna Ushkowitz|I want a future where my children feel safe and appreciated and proud to be who they are. My heart is one with all the Arab Spring heroes, no matter how small they think their role is. I know they believe, like me, that we are working for a world whereby an Arab can live with the other in a respectful and dignified way.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|This is the only advice I offer you. Pick the small thing, and carry it on. Let it change your life.
Danny Tyran|He was a quick fellow, and when hot from play, would toss himself in a corner, and in five minutes be deep in any sort of book that he could lay his hands on: if it were Rasselas or Gulliver, so much the better, but Bailey's Dictionary would do, or the Bible with the Apocrypha in it. Something he must read, when he was not riding the pony, or running and hunting, or listening to the talk of men. All this was true of him at ten years of age; he had then read through Chrysal, or the Adventures of a Guinea, which was neither milk for babes, nor any chalky mixture meant to pass for milk, and it had already occurred to him that books were stuff, and that life was stupid.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|Whether we do it consciously or subconsciously, we tend to organize our lives to display our identity as accurately as possible. Our lifestyle choices often reveal our values, or at least what we’d like people to perceive as our values…as we make our everyday choices, we continuously calculate not just which choices best match who we are and what we want but also how those choices will be interpreted by others. We look for cues in our social environment to figure out what others think of this or that, which can require being sensitive to the most localized and up-to-date details of what a particular choice means.
William Penn, Fruits of Solitude: In Reflections and Maxims Relating to the Conduct of Human Life|Eko brushed a tear from her eye, and Immo jeered at her, but father held up a hand. "Never mock a tender heart," he said.
John L. Parker Jr.|Elite runners are genetically gifted, sure, but without intense training, those gifts are wasted. Their training creates a strong work ethic that leaves humility in its wake. There are no short cuts in marathoning, so anyone who is a marathoner has worked hard.
Victoria Schwab, Our Dark Duet|We do it, Jackson, because compassion must be louder than pride.
Rob Liano|Your calling is calling you, are you answering?
J. K. Rowling|That neither our thoughts, nor passions, nor ideas formed by the imagination, exist without the mind, is what every body will allow.
Stephen Colletti|We have a chance to wind down and expedite the removal of 96 percent of the world's nuclear weapons. What an achievement it would be, if at the end of the next administration, we could say that the nuclear arsenals of both Russia and the United States had been reduced to the barest minimums.
Christopher Paolini, Brisingr|Come, kiss me sweet, and then let us return to bed, for I am tired, and I would sleep.
Abhishek Bachchan|When I was a teenager, the actors I was really into were Mickey Rourke and Sean Penn. I saw 'Rumble Fish' on my 16th birthday, and around the same time, it was 'Falcon and the Snowman' and 'Bad Boys' from Sean Penn.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|The Christian should work as if all depended upon him, and pray as if it all depended upon God.
Vishwanath S J|If the race isn't over after you have won, then it wasn't your game!
Neil deGrasse Tyson|While I'm a big fan of science fiction, especially as rendered in expensive Hollywood blockbusters, it's the real universe that calls to me.
Eminem|It's a tremendous responsibility to be direct descendants of the prophet Muhammad. This family has had the burden of leadership on its shoulders for 1,400 years. I'm not going to drop the ball on my shift.
Hugh Howey, Beacon 23|Our tears are trying to serve a purpose, but we rarely let them. I don't know how we got started with subverting that purpose.
Joe Walker|You think that killing people will make them like you more, but it doesn't,it just makes them dead.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|But I am terrified by what I want: for him, and worst of all, from him. Because I do want. I'm not even sure what, exactly, but the want is there, just like the hate and anger were there before. But this is not a tower. It is an endless, tunneling pit; it drives deep, and opens a hole inside me.
Albert Einstein|In Mesopotamia or Egypt, for example, the monarch had a god-like religious status. But this is not the case in Judaism. So that notion that religion can go on, when all the markers of power and trappings of monarchy disappear, ultimately serves the endurance of Judaism very well.
Napoleon Hill|Create a definite plan for carrying out your desire, and begin at once, whether you’re ready or not, to put it into action.
Jean Rhys, Good Morning, Midnight|You are walking along a road peacefully. You trip. You fall into blackness. That's the past - or perhaps the future. And you know that there is no past, no future, there is only this blackness, changing faintly, slowly, but always the same.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|You are hard at work madam ," said the man near her.Yes," Answered Madam Defarge ; " I have a good deal to do."What do you make, Madam ?"Many things."For instance ---"For instance," returned Madam Defarge , composedly ,Shrouds."The man moved a little further away, as soon as he could, feeling it mightily close and oppressive .
Elizabeth Cady Stanton|Did I not feel that the time has come for the questions of women's wrongs to be laid before the public? Did I not believe that women herself must do this work, for women alone understand the height, the depth, the breadth of her degradation. - Seneca Falls Convention, 1848
Kristin Hannah, Angel Falls|When I call to mind my earliest impressions, I wonder whether the process ordinarily referred to as growing up is not actually a process of growing down; whether experience, so much touted among adults as the thing children lack, is not actually a progressive dilution of the essentials by the trivialities of living.
Katherine Anne Porter|Marriage is a public declaration of a man and a woman that they have formed a secret alliance, with theintention to belong to, and share witheach other, a mystical estate; mysticalexactly in the sense that the realexperience cannot be communicated toothers, nor explained even to oneselfon rational grounds.
Michelle Alexander|Love was as flawed and terrible and beautiful as we were. To be alive meant looking for it in ourselves and in others, an imperfection searching for an impossible perfection.Because in that journey was where truth resided.Love wasn’t about being held. It was about being freed.
James Peoples, Humanity: An Introduction to Cultural Anthropology|The story unfolded quickly as I typed, in a way I was becoming familiar with. There was something about putting the truth on paper, bringing facts into the light of day where everyone could look at them, that made my fingers move faster -- it was becoming one of my favorite sensations on earth.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|And he's alone there, with the unconscious pilot lying a little way off for company, and some other guy he's never even seen, only spoken to over the radio.He wants to sleep so badly - dying they call it - and he can't. Something's bothering him to keep him awake. ("Jane Brown's Body")
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|I think everything that happened in Idris-Valentine, Max, Hodge, even Sebastian-I kept shoving it all down, trying to forget, but it's catching up with me. I... I'll get help. I'll get better. I promise." "You promise.""I swear on the Angel." He ducked his head down, kissed her cheek."The hell with that. I swear on us.
Julie Kagawa, Rogue|For as long as I could remember, other people had either overshadowed me or left me out in the open, alone. But Mac, as Layla had said all those weeks ago, was always somewhere nearby. He left me enough space to stand alone, but stood at the ready for the moment that I didn’t want to. It was the perfect medium, I was learning. Like he was my saint, the one I’d been waiting for.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You are born every day, until the day you finally die.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A silver-tongued charlatan and a half-wit society are made for each other! When these two come together in an election, a great disaster happens: Charlatan comes to power!
Keith Buckley, Scale: A Novel|Believe me, there’s nothing worse than being both immortal and intelligent. Imagine the boredom! Plus you start to ask questions, and the worst thing about questions is that sometimes, they have answers.
Erica Bauermeister, The Lost Art of Mixing|The day I arrived in Yakutsk with my colleague Peter Osnos of The Washington Post, it was 46 below. When our plane landed, the door was frozen solidly shut, and it took about half an hour for a powerful hot-air blower- standard equipment at Siberian airports- to break the icy seal. Stepping outside was like stepping onto another planet, for at those low temperatures nothing seems quite normal. The air burns. Sounds are brittle. Every breath hovers in a strangle slow-motion cloud, adding to the mist of ice that pervades the city and blurs the sun. When the breath freezes into ice dust and falls almost silently to the ground, Siberians call it the whisper of stars.
David Wong, John Dies at the End|The palliative care nurses welcome him: he's a spot of brightness, they claim he keeps the patients interested in life. "We don't think of the clients here as dying," one of them said to him on his first visit. "After all everyone's dying, just some of us more slowly.
Bar Paly|There's a cumulative effect to getting good parts as a freelance actor, because you're only as good as your last job, and you have to keep going out and getting them. Unless you're part of the finance structure, by which I mean a bankable star, which I never was and never will be.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Although, the journey is long, keep traveling.
Bernard DeVoto|One may lack words to express the impact of beauty but no one who has felt it remains untouched. It is renewal, enlargement, intensification. The parks preserve it permanently in the inheritance of the American citizens.
Helen Clark|If people want to compete for leadership of a religious group, they can compete in piety. A chilling thought. Or funny.
Eric Liu, The Gardens of Democracy: A New American Story of Citizenship, the Economy, and the Role of Government|And that brings me to my definition of power, which is simply this: the capacity to make others do what you would have them do. It sounds menacing, doesn't it? We don't like to talk about power. We find it scary. We find it somehow evil. We feel uncomfortable naming it. In the culture and mythology of democracy, power resides with the people.
Sarah Harrison|If I don't get enough sleep, my brain gets fatigued, and the voice suffers. If I'm doing some retail work and trying to read and record legal copy, I start sounding like I had a few too many the night before.
Anthony T. Hincks|Windows open out onto the universe around you, but doors will take you to where your imagination lies.
Daniele Lanzarotta, Insatiable|I plastered on my best poker face, attempting to appear cool and casual even thought I had never been so eager to deliver two Chicken Parmagianas in my life."Just be careful, hon," Rosanna said."Oh, are the plates hot?" I flinched back just before my hands made contact.Rosanna laughed. "No, but hot boys can burn just as easily.
Chris Colfer, Struck By Lightning: The Carson Phillips Journal|Yeah, and we could fly in on dragons and release a cloud of sugar plum fairies to tiptoe in an get the watch.
Lemony Snicket, Shouldn't You Be in School?|I thought that when I spilled one secret, the rest would come tumbling after, but openness is a habit you form over time, and not a switch you flip whenever you want to, I'm finding,
Alice  Simpson, Ballroom|Truth be told, you gotta dance barefoot if you really want to feel the earth move.
Lawrence Ferlinghetti, A Coney Island of the Mind|[in the true mad north] of introspection,where 'falcons of the inner eye'dive and die, glimpsing in their dying fall, all life's memory of existence.
Laurent Binet, The Seventh Function of Language|If Barthes, along with Bachelard, is one of those who have done most to enrich criticism during the last thirty years, it is not as a theoretician of a still hazy semiology, but as the champion of a new pleasure in reading.
Thaiia Senquetta|Don't everallowthe disharmony of otherstobecome your ownamindful practiceof discernment(and the dislike for wearing bullshit)buildsthe eye, heart and spiritual muscles.
Penny Reid, Grin and Beard It|All age is a kind of tiredness, I think. When you’re young, the lines never show. Every morning you wake unmarked, wiped clear by sleep. One day, though, you see lines that itch, as though some crumb of existence has been creased into your skin. They can never be smoothed away, and after a while you forget that this heavy, irritable feeling wasn’t always there.
Steven Moffat|Come on, Rory! It isn't rocket science, it's just quantum physics!-The Doctor (Matt Smith)
Jorge Luis Borges, El jardín de los senderos que se bifurcan|It was under English trees that I meditated on that lost labyrinth: I pictured it perfect and inviolate on the secret summit of a mountain; I pictured its outlines blurred by rice paddies, or underwater; I pictured it as infinite—a labyrinth not of octagonal pavillions and paths that turn back upon themselves, but of rivers and provinces and kingdoms....I imagined a labyrinth of labyrinths, a maze of mazes, a twisting, turning, ever-widening labyrinth that contained both past and future and somehow implied the stars. Absorbed in those illusory imaginings, I forgot that I was a pursued man; I felt myself, for an indefinite while, the abstract perceiver of the world. The vague, living countryside, the moon, the remains of the day did their work in me; so did the gently downward road, which forestalled all possibility of weariness. The evening was near, yet infinite.
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|We all desperately need brilliant sales professionals far more than ever before – to help us, guide us, keep us informed and stop us from making diabolically stupid buying decisions.
Wendell Berry, Hannah Coulter|I have this love for Mattie. It was formed in me as he himself was formed. It has his shape, you might say. He fits it. He fits into it as he fits into his clothes. He will always fit into it. When he gets out of the car and I meet him and hug him, there he is, him himself, something of my very own forever, and my love for him goes all around him just as it did when he was a baby and a little boy and a young man grown.
John Sununu|If there is anything that a man can do well, I say let him do it. Give him a chance.
Tony Snow|In 1787, many Americans were convinced that the 'perpetual union' they had created in winning independence was collapsing. Six years earlier, in the Articles of Confederation, the thirteen state governments had surrendered extensive powers to a congress of delegates from each state legislature.
James Fox, Killer on Campus|One can’t be on the topmost rung of a ladder from before, it takes time to reach it, to climb it, one at a time. We struggle so that in this process of climbing we can learn, so that we can limit our impatience and grow stronger than we ever imagined to be.We struggle so that once we learn, we can preach about it to others who consider this act of struggling, spiteful.
Mahendra Singh Dhoni|Family quarrels are bitter things. They don't go according to any rules. They're not like aches or wounds, they're more like splits in the skin that won't heal because there's not enough material.
William Duggan, Napoleon's Glance: The Secret of Strategy|If one can call anticipation of enemy reactions based on a lifetime of professional training and on thinking and application "intuition," he had it ... He was a professional soldier, a student of history
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Men never understand what honor is, though they're always talking about it
V.E. Schwab, Vicious|If they call you crazy, you are doing something right
Jack London|As the days went by, the evolution of like into love was accelerated.  White Fang himself began to grow aware of it, though in his consciousness he knew not what love was.  It manifested itself to him as a void in his being—a hungry, aching, yearning void that clamoured to be filled.  It was a pain and an unrest; and it received easement only by the touch of the new god’s presence.  At such times love was joy to him, a wild, keen-thrilling satisfaction.  But when away from his god, the pain and the unrest returned; the void in him sprang up and pressed against him with its emptiness, and the hunger gnawed and gnawed unceasingly.
Martha Gellhorn|Although I sometimes enjoy writing from an adult's perspective, I feel dedicated to the coming of age story - that part of a young person's life where he must make a decision that will change his life forever. I still remember what it's like to be twelve years old.
Leon Trotsky, History of the Russian Revolution|At five in the morning, some policemen, unannounced, entered the house of a man named Pardon, later a member of the section of the Barricade-Merry, and still later killed in the insurrection of April 1834, found him standing not far from his bed, with cartridges in his hands, caught in the act.
Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures|He ran from one side of the cage, and then back again, which was not very far. It was far only if you were a puppy.
Jhumpa Lahiri, The Lowland|Is she a good baby? People would ask me. Well, no, I'd say.That swirl of hair on the back of her head. We must have taken a thousand pictures of it.
Thales|As much as I loved the model of St. Francis, I realized that I couldn't afford to be poor, because unlike St. Francis, I'm not celibate. I was enlightened that God's call to me was not poverty but generosity and simplicity. And I had to go back to the lesson I learned from my parents: that is, simplicity.
Jamila Woods|I always say that I need competition, and I need competition every week, and in Spain, I was at an amazing club, but I had four matches a year: Barcelona v Real Madrid, Real Madrid v Barcelona, and after that, we'd win 4-0, 5-0, 4-1, 6-1.
Steve Chandler, Reinventing Yourself: How to Become the Person You've Always Wanted to Be|Some people us language to describe the lives they lead, and other people use language to create the lives they lead.
Charles F. Glassman|Smile, when you don't want to.Give, when you feel you have nothing to give.Go for a walk, when you don't have the energy.Listen, when you feel you can't listen.Play music, when you need to hear the news.Take five, when you don't have the time.
Michelle Frost, Wisdoms of the Light|A significant number of people diagnosed with mental illness have psychic abilities not yet under control. They may have true mental illness as well, including faulty neurological wiring and chemical imbalance. However, some people have mental breaks because of psychic abilities they don’t know how to handle.
Donna Grant, Passion Ignites|You should've run faster, Lexi. You should've stayed far away from the Dark. But most of all, you should never have fallen for your Dragon King. It'll only bring you misery and death. Humans and Kings were never meant to mix.
Ellen DeGeneres, The Funny Thing Is...|Start thinking positively. You will notice a difference. Instead of "I think I'm a loser," try "I definitely am a loser." Stop being wishy-washy about things! How much more of a loser can you be if you don't even know you are one? Either you are a loser or you are not. Which is it, stupid?
Sil Lai Abrams, Black Lotus: A Woman’s Search for Racial Identity|THE FEAR OF ITThey say that resistanceto something inevitable makes it seem worse than it is. Maybe the trickis to give in,try to increase the worry, bend like a tree in the storm, give pain its due,find the center of it and look at it plainly, turn it carefullyin the palm of your hand,and realize it can own only so much of you,unless you give it more.It is a balloonthat can get only so big.Anything more is just the fear of it.
Dana Page|When life gives you lemons, put your lipstick on!
Charles Lindbergh|If you have an ongoing relationship with a person, think of everything positive about that person that you possibly can and enter your interaction from that space. Ignore all the crap that used to drive you up the wall before. You will be amazed at what a change this attitude shift brings about.
Stewart O'Nan, Emily, Alone|Aging is tedious, but it is the only way to live long.
Pooja Ruprell|Let your faith in the Universe deepen, purify and strengthen most on your troublesome, dark days. If you close your eyes in prayer, surrendering every problem and desire, you will find a way out without fail.
Robertson Davies, What's Bred in the Bone|All Mad"'He is mad as a hare, poor fellow, And should be in chains,' you say,I haven't a doubt of your statement,  But who isn't mad, I pray?Why, the world is a great asylum, And the people are all insane,Gone daft with pleasure or folly, Or crazed with passion and pain.The infant who shrieks at a shadow, The child with his Santa Claus faith,The woman who worships Dame Fashion, Each man with his notions of death,The miser who hoards up his earnings, The spendthrift who wastes them too soon,The scholar grown blind in his delving, The lover who stares at the moon.The poet who thinks life a paean, The cynic who thinks it a fraud,The youth who goes seeking for pleasure, The preacher who dares talk of God,All priests with their creeds and their croaking, All doubters who dare to deny,The gay who find aught to wake laughter, The sad who find aught worth a sigh,Whoever is downcast or solemn, Whoever is gleeful and gay,Are only the dupes of delusions— We are all of us—all of us mad.
Deyth Banger, 4 Hours|The difference between you and me,is the different reflection that we both see.
Reza Aslan, Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth|The first century was an era of apocalyptic expectation among the Jews of Palestine, the unofficial Roman designation for the vast tract of land encompassing modern day Israel/Palestine as well as large parts of Jordan, Syria, and Lebanon (the land would not be officially called Palestine until after 135 C.E.)
Kamand Kojouri|Because you have been blessed with the gift of life, it is your duty to help others. We are all responsible for one another.
David Gemmell, Legend|The Howeitat spread out along the cliffs to return the peasants' fire. This manner of going displeased Auda, the old lion, who raged that a mercenary village folk should dare to resist their secular masters, the Abu Tayi. So he jerked his halter, cantered his mare down the path, and rode out plain to view beneath the easternmost houses of the village. There he reined in, and shook a hand at them, booming in his wonderful voice: 'Dogs, do you not know Auda?' When they realized it was that implacable son of war their hearts failed them, and an hour later Sherif Nasir in the town-house was sipping tea with his guest the Turkish Governor, trying to console him for the sudden change of fortune.
Obiageli Ezekwesili|I respect everyone, from the homeless brother and sister on the street to the executive that sits in the highest office named President Barack Obama. I respect everyone - but we over-respect no one.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|For love is exultant when it unites equals, but it is triumphant when it makes that which was unequal equal in love.
P. J. O'Rourke|August used to be a sad month for me. As the days went on, the thought of school starting weighed heavily upon my young frame. That, coupled with the oppressive heat and humidity of my native Washington, D.C., only seemed to heighten the misery.
Brian Clough|For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|This is the reason why atheists protest the “God” gene and religious will hate andprotest religion as a virus. They were blindfolded at an early age, and their psychological issues werethe blindfold. The facts are often used as weapons rather than information to convey truth.
Ludwig Wittgenstein|It's been said that the role of the artist is to teach us to see and that's true. However, the role of other artists is to teach me how they see. To learn how I see is somethig that cannot be taught but must be learned.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mama: Dispatches from the Frontline of Love|Marriage is never static. There are peaks and troughs, cycles. It is easy to forget that this shifting landscape is really only ever a reflection of the self. Our capacity for attachment determines the kind of mate we attract, and it is through this mate that we are forever transformed – marriage as alchemy, but also as a mirror.
Diana Gabaldon, Outlander|You forget the life you had before, after awhile. Things you cherish and hold dear are like pearls on a string. Cut the knot and they scatter across the floor, rolling into dark corners never to be found again. So you move on, and eventually you forget what the pearls even looked like. At least, you try.
Henry Gee, In Search of Deep Time|No fossil is buried with its birth certificate. That, and the scarcity of fossils, means that it is effectively impossible to link fossils into chains of cause and effect in any valid way... To take a line of fossils and claim that they represent a lineage is not a scientific hypothesis that can be tested, but an assertion that carries the same validity as a bedtime story—amusing, perhaps even instructive, but not scientific.
Mary Kate|Sometimes I get such paranoia that I refresh and wait and wait in the same page until I get answer???Why??I'm not a crazy,...
Sadegh Hedayat, The Blind Owl|‎She was not a little girl heart-broken about him; she was a grown woman smiling at it all, but they were wet smiles.
Pella Grace, Knock Love Out|There were days I could run far, far away, never to see any of these people again.
Jim Lee|I write for myself, and my goal is bringing that world and that experience of black Americans to life on the stage and giving it a space there.
Daniel Zomparelli, Everything Is Awful and You're a Terrible Person|This was the sort of girl who should be attending college, not ones like that dreadful Minkoff girl, that brutal and slovenly girl who had almost been raped by one of the janitors just outside of his office. Dr. Talc shuddered at the very thought of Miss Minkoff. In class she had Insulted and challenged and vilified him at every turn, egging the Reilly monster to join in the attack. He would never forget those two; no one on the faculty ever would. They were like two Huns sweeping down on Rome. Dr. Talc idly wondered if they had married each other. Each certainly deserved the other.
Gena Showalter, Alice in Zombieland|Don't look now, but that's my ex over there."Surely I'm not the only one who takes "don't look now" as "there's no better time than now." I looked."Bad, Ali!" Another slap to my arm. "Bad, bad, bad Ali! Have you no self control?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Every stage of life has its own temptations and dangers, and Satan will do all he can to exploit them . . .the time to prepare is now, not when it arrives.
Kloby|We should consider that the brightness of the Divine countenance, which even an apostle declares to be inaccessible, (1Ti 6: 16) is a kind of labyrinth — a labyrinth to us inextricable, if the Word do not serve us as a thread to guide our path; and that it is better to limp in the way, than run with the greatest swiftness out of it.
Susan Hubbard, The Society of S|The stove, she knew, wished it were a volcano, the humble teaspoons wished they were steamshovels, and the sink wished it were a well so all the others could have their wishes. Yet they all stayed exactly the same no matter what they wished, no matter what they saw and heard.
Leanna Renee Hieber, Darker Still|Any religion can be compared to the attic of an old home. Unless the attic is regularly cleaned, it gathers dust and cobwebs and eventually becomes unusable. Similarly, if a religion cannot be updated or cleaned from time to time, it loses its usefulness and cannot relate anymore to changed times and people.
Wayne Chirisa|We seek excellence before we seek understanding, wisdom before we gain knowledge, success before we understand hardwork; for this reason we need great teachers and leaders.
Beth Revis, A Million Suns|Coming out of your comfort zone is tough in the beginning, chaotic in the middle, and awesome in the end...because in the end, it shows you a whole new world !!Make an attempt..
Peter Sloterdijk, Du mußt dein Leben ändern|Some countries and some people are so primitively religious and so underdeveloped that they don’t need a time machine to go back to the past; they are already in there, in the very distant and dark past!
Lawana Dinkins, Jaelana's Motivation|Grandpa stopped and looked at me. I paused, too, knowing this meant he had something important to say. His body was frail, but when he stood with his chin up like that, staring into my eyes, I had no choice but to respond with complete honesty. He could level me with that look. I was like a vulnerable child every time he did it.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Was it me? Was I too cold? Too inexperienced? Not pretty enough? Not good enough in bed? And when disloyal, seed-sowing scum buckets slept with other girls, why did women look inward to find fault in themselves?
Martin Luther|I have covenanted with my Lord that He should not send visions, or dreams or even angels! I am content with this gift of the Scriptures, which teaches and supplies all that is necessary both for this life and that which is to come.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To be ordinary, be normal; to be original, be different; to be valuable, be unique; to be priceless, be yourself.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|Marriage is those two thousand indistinguishable conversations, chatted over two thousand indistuinguishable breakfasts, where intimacy turns like a slow wheel. How do you measure the worth of becoming that familiar to somebody—so utterly well known and so thoroughly ever-present that you become an almost invisible necessity, like air?
Cher|In this business (showbiz) it takes time to be really good and by that time, you're obsolete.
Steve Martin|She [Mary Maclane] is almost always referred to as “confessional.” She has been referred to, several times, as the first blogger. Whereas her writing does not confess much - it is much more spiritual memoir than anything, or perhaps something akin to a mystic’s courtly love, directed at the self. I am wondering what distinguishes writing as confessional…I keep on feeling I prefer the latter-day MacLane, the diary she wrote while convalescing from scarlet fever back home in Butte, Montana, I, Mary MacLane, that Melville House is only publishing as an ebook. Mary MacLane melancholy, totally isolated. Feeling intense disquiet. Now in her early thirties, meditating on her whirlwind celebrity, in cities, feeling distanced from all that, but longing for it too. Obsessed with the Mary MacLane who stopped writing, or stopped publishing books, who was involved with the anarchist/bohemian crowd in Chicago, with the Dill Pickle, who died in poverty and obscurity on the South Side at the age of 48. I want to write about her, but I don’t know how or why yet.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Genealogy of Morals/Ecce Homo|Like a last signpost to the other path, Napoleon appeared, the most isolated and late-born man there has even been, and in him the problem of the noble ideal as such made flesh--one might well ponder what kind of problem it is; Napoleon this synthesis of the inhuman and the superhuman
Ayn Rand|O The irony of man, he thinks he's past generation did not repeat the same way of thinking, either intelligently or foolishly.
Berkun, Scott|Truth be told, nobody thought Dell’s direct business model would work, at least back in the early 90s. As Bill Sharpe, head of the advertising agency that held the Dell Canada account from 1996 to 2006, told me, “I had a business partner in California who said, we have a client, Dell. It sells computers over the phone, and ships them to you. I said, ‘There’s no way. Who’s gonna buy a computer over the phone? They’re complicated.
Azar Nafisi, Things I've Been Silent About: Memories|But it was women like Rudabeh who planted in my mind the idea of a different kind of woman whose courage is private and personal. Without making any grand claims, without aiming to save humanity or defeat the forces of Satan, these women were engaged in a quiet rebellion, courageous not because it would get them accolades, but because they could not be otherwise. If they were limited and vulnerable, it was an audacious vulnerability, transcending the misogyny of their creator and his times.
Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin|Owners of dogs will have noticed that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they will think you are God. Whereas owners of cats are compelled to realize that, if you provide them with food and water and affection, they draw the conclusion that they are God.
Debasish Mridha|We can solve all problems not by finding solutions, but by transcending consciousness to a new level.
Cordelia Fine, Delusions of Gender: How Our Minds, Society, and Neurosexism Create Difference|We stand not as victims, but rather to bear witness to the gender injustices present in our lives and in our world as a whole.
Steven Cuoco, Guided Transformation|War Game. You can count the dead, but will never have a winner or a loser. #Thinkpeace
Kate Karyus Quinn, Down with the Shine|It's always hard to deal with injuries mentally, but I like to think about it as a new beginning. I can't change what happened, so the focus needs to go toward healing and coming back stronger than before.
Lucas Remmerswaal, The A-Z of 13 Habits: Inspired by Warren Buffett|H is for Habit, winners make a habit of doing the things losers don't want to do.
A.C. Gaughen, Scarlet|You are my whole heart, Scarlet. And this is breaking it.'My heart cracked open and clear dropped out of me. My mouth opened, and I looked round me and stamped my foot. 'Does this look like a good time to tell me that, you damn stupid boy?' I meant to sound mean but my voice wobbled. 'Now?'He gave a little smile. 'My foul-mouthed warrior.
Karina Halle, Veiled|The use of ghosts as a means of social control predated the Klan. Slave owners employed so-called patterollers, usually poor whites, who would patrol the countryside at night; such patrols would regularlyuse spook stories, among other tactics, to help keep enslaved people from escaping. "The fraudulent ghost," [Gladys-Marie] Fry writes, "was the first in a gradually developed system of night-riding creatures, the fear of which was fostered by white for the purpose of slave control." A man in a white sheet on horseback riding ominously through a forest could help substantiate rumers that the forest was haunted and that those who valued their lives best avoid it. By spreading ghost stories, Southern whites hoped to limit the unauthorized movement of black people. If cemeteries, crossroads, and forests came to be known particularly as haunted, it's because they presented the easiest means of escape and had to be patrolled. Now it's common to think of such places as the provenance of spirits. We have stories for such places: a tragic death, forlorn lovers, a devil waiting to make a deal -- stories that reflect a rich tradition of American folklore. But all this might have come much later, and these places might have first earned their haunted reputation through much more deviant methods. In the ghost-haunting legacies of many of these public spaces lies a hidden history of patrolling and limiting access.
Paul Harding, Tinkers|The interlocking network of stalks and branches and creepers was skeletal, the fossil yard of an extinct species of fineboned insectoid creatures. all of these bones, then, seemed to have been stained by sun and earth from an original living white to brown, and not the tough fibrous flower and seed-spilling green they actually once had been. Howard wondered about a man who had never seen summer, a winter man, examining the weeds and making this inference -- that he was looking at an ossuary. the man would take that as true and base his ideas of the world on that mistake.
Michelle Alexander|They, who continue to stay turned to watch their past mistakes, will miss the potential successes of the future.
A.J. Arberry, Sufism: An Account of the Mystics of Islam|We need to track back ISIS ideology to its origins, so as to pull it up by its roots. Then, and only then, we can establish a whole new understanding of the righteous religion rather than mere individuals’ interpretations that satisfy clerks desires and fantasies.
George Friedman, The Next Decade: What the World Will Look Like|While you and I are allowed the luxury of our pain, president isn't. A president must take into account how his citizens feel and he must manage them and lead them, but he must not succumb to personal feelings. His job is to maintain a ruthless sense of proportion while keeping the coldness of his calculation to himself.
Jonathan Evison, The Revised Fundamentals of Caregiving|I remember us saying that we liked small houses, that proximity engendered closeness in a family. That nobody should be raised by a nanny or in day care. I remember us saying that time, not money, was the greatest resource. That everything would be all right. That the universe would provide. That belief was a force more powerful than gravity itself.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Perhaps you have an appetite to help others, to give of yourself so that others can have a better life ... and in so doing you yourself become successful.
Leo Tolstoy, Resurrection|Then he had looked on his spirit as his I; now, it was his healthy strong animal I that he looked upon as himself. And all this terrible change has come about because he had ceased to believe himself and had taken to believing others. This he had done because it was too difficult to live believing one's self: believing one's self, one had to decide every question, not in favour of one's animal I, which was always seeking for easy gratification, but in almost every case against it. Believing others, there was nothing to decide; everything had been decided already, and always in favor of the animal I and against the spiritual. Nor was this all. Believing in his own self, he was always exposing himself to the censure of those around him; believing others, he had their approval.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|Go not to the Elves for counsel, for they will say both no and yes.
Tika Sumpter|I would like to instill in people just to work hard. As long as they keep at it, their dreams will happen.
Sunday Adelaja|You stand the risk of a down turn, because you refused to take risks. So life demands risks.
Edwin Hubbell Chapin|Never does the human soul appear so strong as when it forgoes revenge, and dares forgive an injury.
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|How terrible," said Eragon, "to die alone, separate even from the one who is closest to you."
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|Through joy, the Soul confirms your ability to remain victorious - even in the midst of defeat.
Scott Hammerle, Lessons from the Castle: My Journey From Prince Charming to Executive Level Leader and How You Can Find The Legendary Leader Within|People don’t follow you because you are nice, they follow you because they believe the place you are taking them is better than the place they are.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|Nadal and Roger Federer have great respect for each other. I think Novak Djokovic gets under those two guys' skin a little bit, and maybe they don't want to admit it, and I think that's, in a way, healthy.
Winna Efendi, Melbourne: Rewind|I keep thinking about this river somewhere, with the water moving really fast. And these two people in the water, trying to hold onto each other, holding on as hard as they can, but in the end it’s just too much. The current’s too strong. They’ve got to let go, drift apart.
Janet Lucy, Moon Mother, Moon Daughter|Ancient peoples who lived close to the earth and in harmony with nature recognized the powerful energy that emanated from the moon and governed life on earth. The ever-changing phases of light and darkness created a balance in nature, and people lived in accordance with the moon's cycles and seasons. They observed the correlation between lunar cycles and the monthly menstrual cycles of women, and therefore gave the moon a female identity.
Søren Kierkegaard, The Sickness Unto Death: A Christian Psychological Exposition for Upbuilding and Awakening|A human being is spirit. But what is spirit? Spirit is the self. But what is the self? The self is a relation that relates itself to itself or is the relation's relating itself to itself in the relation; the self is not the relation but is the relation's relating itself to itself. A human being is a synthesis of the infinite and the finite, of the temporal and the eternal, of freedom and necessity, in short, a synthesis. A synthesis is a relation between two. Considered in this way a human being is still not a self.... In the relation between two, the relation is the third as a negative unity, and the two relate to the relation and in the relation to the relation; thus under the qualification of the psychical the relation between the psychical and the physical is a relation. If, however, the relation relates itself to itself, this relation is the positive third, and this is the self.
Amanda DeWees, Sea of Secrets|Today’s breakfast consist of rice and a piece of bread fried in a bit of salt pork grease. At least I have my memories of grand banquets and fine foods, but this is all the children have ever known. I suppose it is best not to have anything to compare.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|...a woman not yet seen, but whose perfume accumulates on the horizon like a storm cloud.
Anthony T. Hincks|I sing, not because I'm happy, but because I'm in love with the world.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|Education, possessions, or people cannot replace passion, but they are given meaning by your passion in life.
Ilchi Lee, The Call of Sedona: Journey of the Heart|Many people hide inside of their “not-knowing” and, afraid of taking the risk, settle for mediocrity in their life. They imitate the same safe, easy life that other people walk. They mistake that for happiness and, inside of it, look for security. However, the moment that the defensive shields we’ve built up come down, all truths reveal themselves and speak to us. When we hear our inner voice and follow it, we can walk our own path.
Brantley Gilbert|Nothing can resist the person who smiles at life - I don't mean the ironic and disillusioned smile of my grandfather, but the triumphant smile of the person who knows that he will survive, or that at least he will be saved by what seems to be destroying him.
Isabel Allende, Mi país inventado: Un paseo nostálgico por Chile|Catholics form a majority in Chile, although there are more and more Evangelicals and Pentacostals who irritate everyone because they have a direct understanding with God while everyone else must pass through the priestly bureaucracy.
Jim Morrison, Wilderness: The Lost Writings, Vol. 1|I am troubled, immeasurablyby your eyes. I am struck by the featherof your soft reply.The sound of glassspeaks quick, disdainand concealswhat your eyes fightto explain.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|You groan and shake your head, Sixsmith, I know, but you smile too, which is why I love you.
Alex Morritt, Impromptu Scribe|Oil may run out, liquidity may dry up, but as long as ink flows freely, the next chapter of Life will continue to be written.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|One must undertake everything with utter, fanatical determination. Or one will get nowhere.
Ryan Holiday, Trust Me, I'm Lying: Confessions of a Media Manipulator|When attempting to turn things around for a particularly disliked or controversial client, Sitrick was fond of saying, "We need to find a lead steer!" The media, like any group of animals, gallops in a herd. It takes just one steer to start a stampede.
William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice|I wasn’t a person after all. I was simply this exotic thing for people to observe and investigate, an alien in any environment I was in.
Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad|My darling," she said at last, are you sure you don't mind being a mouse for the rest of your life?""I don't mind at all" I said.It doesn't matter who you are or what you look like as long as somebody loves you.
Kelley Armstrong, Visions|My foggy brain slid away and— And I was still dressed in only my bra and panties. Well, at least it’s a nice set of bra and panties. Yep, these were the thoughts going through my brain as I looked at a photo of a decapitated head on my bed.
Maggie Stiefvater, Linger|God, you smell nice,” he whispered. “I've missed that smell. I've missed everything about you, little Ann.
Shannon L. Alder|He joined Jude in the kitchen and began making a salad, and JB slumped to the dining-room table and started flipping through a novel Jude had left there. "I read this," he called over to him. "Do you want to know what happens in the end?" "No, JB," said Jude. "I'm only halfway through.""The minister character dies after all.""JB!"After that, JB's mood seemed to improve.
George Whitefield|It's wonderful to be back. Back among the mountains that remind us of our vulnerability, our ultimate lack of control over the world we live in. Mountains that demand humility, and yield so much peace in return.
Ingeborg Bachmann, Simultan: Erzählungen|Miranda doesn't dream, she simply rests. When Miranda's eyes are at ease, her mind is at peace.
Jo Walton, Among Others|Librarians are the coolest people out there doing the hardest job out there on the frontlines. And every time I get to encounter or work with librarians, I'm always impressed by their sheer awesomeness.
Sakshi Chetana, Laughing Buddha|Life is to be experienced in totality. Try not to blame others like spouse, parents, friends, fellow beings or situations for any suffering. .. Never allow your vibe to go to a lower level. This way you will attract more and more positive circumstances in your life.
Debasish Mridha|The beauty of life is not a lack of darkness, but it is in the presence of light.
Craig Froman, An Owl on the Moon: A Journal from the Edge of Darkness|Blessed be the inventor of photography! I set him above even the inventor of chloroform! It has given more positive pleasure to po or suffering humanity than anything else that has "cast up" in my time or is like to--this art by which even the "poor" can possess themselves of tolerable likenesses of their absent dear ones. And mustn't it be acting favourably on the morality of the country?
Kahlil Gibran, The Treasured Writings of Kahlil Gibran|There are times when a man's greatest need is to have someone to love, some focal point for his diffused emotions. Also there are times when the irritations, disappointments, and fears of life, restless as spermatozoids, must be released in hate.
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|She hated that will had this effect on her. Hated it. She knew better. She knew what he thought of her. That she was worth nothing. And still a look from him could make her tremble with mingled hatred and longing. It was like poison in her blood, to which Jem was the only antidote.
Charlotte V. Howard, Seven Dirty Words|She looked up and their eyes locked. “Want to be my birthday present?” she asked in a breathy whisper.Chase’s mother didn’t raise any fools. He released her hips and trailed his hand down her arm until their fingers entwined.“Let’s get out of here.”He tugged her from the dance floor, trying not to rush like he was running from a fire. But, damn. There was a fire in his britches.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Nothing can enslaved us, if we free in our minds.
Sanaya Roman, Living with Joy: Keys to Personal Power and Spiritual Transformation|People who love themselves come across as very loving, generous and kind; they express their self-confidence through humility, forgiveness and inclusiveness.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When leaves begin to sprout, we know spring season is here.
Saumya Kaushik...|Fictional characters also evolve, the way human being do in real life.
Zadie Smith|The past is always tense, the future perfect.
Sudha Murty, Gently Falls the Bakula|The events might have taken place twelve centuries back, but when I closed my eyes, I could visualize many things. It made me very emotional. Later, when I grew up, I became passionate about history and started detaching it from emotional point of view and became more aware of the facts.
Philip Pullman, The Golden Compass|You cannot change what you are, only what you do.
Toni Morrison|I get angry about things, then go on and work.
Malebo Sephodi|Even when we are confused about someone’s gender, and don’t have a greater awareness of what it means to be trans, we have a choice to respond with kindness rather than cruelty.
Nanavira Thera|But perhaps the most celebrated of these auto-incendiaries is Kalanos. You will remember, no doubt, that Kalanos (the Greek version of the Sanskrit Kalyāna) was an Indian ascetic—though not a Buddhist—who accompanied Alexander's army on its withdrawal from India. At a certain moment he announced that his time had come to die, and arranged for a funeral pyre to be constructed. He mounted the pyre, had it set alight, and, sitting cross-legged, remained motionless until his body was consumed by the flames. What an occasion! With the entire Greek army, and probably Alexander the Great himself, watching him; with each one of those hardened and undefeated veterans, themselves no stranger to pain and mutilations, wondering if he himself would be capable of such cold-blooded endurance: with the eyes of posterity upon him (his peculiar fame has come down for more than twenty centuries); and with the honour of Indian asceticism at stake (and Indian asceticism is India);—how could he fail? For a moment one could almost wish to have been Kalanos. And yet, from the point of view of Dhamma, all this is foolishness—a childish escapade.
Lisa A. Mininni|If there is one thing I know, it is this, rich people are remarkably unremarkable.
N.K. Jemisin, The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms|It is blasphemy to separate oneself from the earth and look down on it like a god. It is more than blasphemy; it is dangerous. We can never be gods, after all - but we can become something less than human with frightening ease.
Teresa Medeiros, Once an Angel|He caught her bythe shoulders and gave her a hard little shake. "Do you think you're so charming in that silly little nightdress that I can't resist tumbling you? Do you think I have no pride when it comes to you?""B-b-but I—""Well, you're right," he shouted. "I don't!"With that, his lips came down on hers
Amy Rachel Peterson, Perpetua: A Bride, a Martyr, a Passion|The dream that wakened me pushed at the veil of consciousness but could not burst through, and I was left wondering what I had known just a moment before.
J. K. Rowling|With improv, it's a combination of listening and not trying to be funny.
Margaret Thatcher|Consensus: “The process of abandoning all beliefs, principles, values, and policies in search of something in which no one believes, but to which no one objects; the process of avoiding the very issues that have to be solved, merely because you cannot get agreement on the way ahead. What great cause would have been fought and won under the banner: ‘I stand for consensus?
John Lennon|The legend of our times, it has been suggested, might be "The Revenge of Failure". This is what Envy has done for us. If we cannot paint well, we will destroy the canons of painting and pass ourselves off as painters. If we will not take the trouble to write poetry, we will destroy the rules of prosody and pass ourselves off as poets. If we are not inclined to the rigors of an academic discipline, we will destroy the standards of that discipline and pass ourselves off as graduates. If we cannot or will not read, we will say that "linear thought" is now irrelevant and so dispense with reading. If we cannot make music, we will simply make a noise and persuade others that it is music. If we can do nothing at all, why! we will strum a guitar all day, and call it self-expression. As long as no talent is required, no apprenticeship to a skill, everyone can do it, and we are all magically made equal. Envy has at least momentarily been appeased,and failure has had its revenge.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Idiot|Alexandra, my eldest, here, plays the piano, or reads or sews; Adelaida paints landscapes and portraits (but never finishes any); and Aglaya sits and does nothing. I don't work too much, either.
Dennis Prager|I want to get old gracefully. I want to have good posture, I want to be healthy and be an example to my children.
P.C. Cast|Last time I saw you, I said that it hurt too much to love you. But I was wrong about that. The truth is it hurts too much not to love you.
Venedikt Erofeev, Moscow to the End of the Line|Patriotism, whether it is of the Western kind, or of the Eastern kind, is the same, a poison in human beings that is really distorting thought. So patriotism is a disease, and when you begin to realize, become aware that it is a disease, then you will see how your mind is reacting to that disease. When, in time of war, the whole world talks of patriotism, you will know the falseness of it, and therefore you will act as a true human being
Mike Weir|Madly, futilely, I wrote novel after novel, eight in all, that failed to find a publisher. I persisted because for me the novel was the supreme literary form - not just one among many, not a relic of the past, but the way we communicate to one another the subtlest truths about this business of living.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|If you think you can't make time to invest into your life at once now, you will be compelled to make time to count your regrets one by one later. By all means, you'll make time... So, make it now!
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|My body is a cage that keeps me from dancing with the one I love, but my mind holds the key.
Phillipa Ashley, Just Say Yes|No one messes me around, I don't give second chances and I never waste tears over people who aren't worth it. I save them for the people who are.
Bono|Yet velvet curtains, soft cheese, compelling work and boys who can run full-tilt—it isn't enough. And if it isn't, it isn't. There's no living with that. The world is made from our imagination; our eyes enliven it, as our hands give it shape. Wanting makes it thrive; meaning is what you put in, not what you extract. You only see what you are inclined to see, and no more. We have to make the new.
Jewel_louise, His Baby|He thought how easy it would be to write an entire book on Johannesburg violence. The strike leader Pickaxe Mary, after whom Mary Fitzgerald Square was named, who attacked her enemies with a pickaxe handle. The trenches dug into the streets of Fordsburg during the 1922 miners’ strike. The cannons of the government aimed at the poor whites of Vrededorp. The murdered woman in the 1960s whose head was found in the Zoo Lake and whose torso was discovered in a suitcase in Wemmer Pan. Jan Smuts, who wanted to bomb striking workers with aeroplanes. The countless schoolchildren shot during the 1976 uprising. The fifty-three supporters who were shot down in the street outside Shell House, the ANC headquarters. The huge bomb that went off shortly before the first democratic election and made a whole row of shops kneel down on the pavements of Bree Street. The commuters, in the early 1990s, killed by pangas or who jumped to their deaths from moving trains to escape their Portuguese-speaking attackers. The murderess Daisy de Melker, whose third husband survived only because she was caught in time. The violent home invasions, rapes and hijackings he read about in the newspapers every day.
Ann Patchett, The Patron Saint of Liars|When I was a child, I spake as a child, I understood as a child, I thought as a child; but when I became a man, I put away childish things.
Sylvia Day, Reflected in You|I wanted someone to want me in all ways and someone who I wanted the same in return, And I'd found him.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The Web, the great time-killer that had replaced conspicuously passive television with its seductive illusion of productivity.
Emily Dickinson|The trip to Mars can only be understood through Black Americans. I say, the trip to Mars can only be understood through Black Americans.
Edward Bunker, The Animal Factory|I began to notice something strange about the nature of incarceration; in particular, its imposition on the minds and bodies of the imprisoned, promoting a number of inmates to take personal responsibility for a system of failure beyond their control—a system built on hiding in plain sight the institutional, historical, and material limits of personal choice….Taking on the failures of a system without critically examining the limits of personal choice often led a number of cellmates to conflate their sense of responsibility with issues beyond their control.--Kalaniopua Young, “From a Native Trans Daughter
John Steinbeck|Cantor illustrated the concept of infinity for his students by telling them that there was once a man who had a hotel with an infinite number of rooms, and the hotel was fully occupied. Then one more guest arrived. So the owner moved the guest in room number 1 into room number 2; the guest in room number 2 into number 3; the guest in 3 into room 4, and so on. In that way room number 1 became vacant for the new guest.What delights me about this story is that everyone involved, the guests and the owner, accept it as perfectly natural to carry out an infinite number of operations so that one guest can have peace and quiet in a room of his own. That is a great tribute to solitude.
Cathleen Falsani, Sin Boldly: A Field Guide for Grace|God can and does use anything God chooses to get our attention. Who's to say the hawk wasn't sent as an agent of grace to catch my wandering attention and quiet what Buddhists might call my “monkey mind,” which is more often than not swinging wildly from branch to branch on intellectual and emotional trees. On the way back down the hiking trail after my encounter with the hawk in Big Sky, I stopped thinking and started looking and listening. That's when I realized winter was turning into spring before me. Change was happening. Creation, and perhaps the Creator, was speaking. I just needed to be outside to hear the voice.
Bee Wilson|I don't have an issue with whether - from a legal standpoint, with whether or not government can impose the ultimate punishment on people. We do it in capital cases. Police officers shoot fleeing felons.
Jenim Dibie, The Calligraphy of God|I don't know where to go from here, So I crawl back inside me,AndTurn the lights off.
Kiersten White, And I Darken|...it was easy to get an incomplete picture of the world if one relied solely on experts, and how important is would be to further rely on oneself
Lisa Bedrick, Relationships|Pop stars AREN'T cool. Cheating on your husband or your wife isn't cool. Having no modesty with your body and no self-respect is NOT cool. It doesn't matter how pretty someone's voice is, or if they SAY they are Christian, God calls us to modesty and faithfulness, so we need to be careful to not idolize anyone that goes way off of what God wants.
Bill Clinton, My Life|I learned a lot from the stories my uncle, aunts and grandparents told me: that no one is perfect but most people are good; that people can’t be judged by their worst or weakest moments; that harsh judgements can make hypocrites of us all; that a lot of life is just showing up and hanging on; that laughter is often the best, and sometimes the only response to pain.Perhaps most important, I learned that everyone has a story – of dreams and nightmares, hope and heartache, love and loss, courage and fear, sacrifice and selfishness. All my life I’ve been interested in other people’s stories. I wanted to know them, understand them, feel them. When I grew up into politics, I always felt the main point of my work was to people a chance to have better stories. - Page 15, Paragraph 5, ‘My Life’ by Bill Clinton. –Hard cover version-
Andrew Davidson, The Gargoyle|So yes, I say things I regret constantly, and I just can't help it.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Wampeters, Foma and Granfalloons|I am simply impressed by the unexpected insights which shower down on me when my job is to imagine, as contrasted with the woodenly familiar ideas which clutter my desk when my job is to tell the truth.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be humble as you learn, confident as you teach, and modest when you have mastered both.
Robert Kiyosaki|It is with children that we have the best chance of studying the development of logical knowledge, mathematical knowledge, physical knowledge, and so forth.
Karl A. Menninger|Love cures people, both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
Carolyn Elliott, Awaken Your Genius: A Seven-Step Path to Freeing Your Creativity and Manifesting Your Dreams|As you see the patterns and meaning emerge in your own personal experience of the world dream, you begin to realize that everything is happening on your behalf, even the obstacles and the challenges that you experiment with. The obstacles and challenges that you find are there to dare you to become vast and wise enough to surmount them. At this stage, it helps to ask yourself: What is the myth I'm living? And what must I do to live it well?
Henry Mayhew|I feel like I've reached an age where I can relax a little bit with the knowledge of what I've been through, take all that experience and use it. I love the challenge of trying to get back to where I've been, and beyond it.
Mitt Romney|We crave instant success these days. If you are a really good sprinter and long jumper, you don't want to spend two or three years on a whole new set of events. You're used to doing well and it's difficult to give that up.
Jan Moran, Scent of Triumph|Have you noticed her name?"Kit leaned sideways to see the letters painted jauntily on the transom. "The WITCH! How did you dare? Does Hannah know?" "Oh, she's not named after Hannah. I hadn't gone ten miles down the river that day before I knew I'd left the real witch behind.
Paul Bowles, The Spider's House|The order of the universe is like a gem with many facets, and we see only one, that which reflects the existence of our own world.
AbdulAziz Mohammed|You have returned from the lesser jihad to the greater jihad (jihad alakbar).”His followers asked him what that greater jihad was. “The struggle against your passionate soul,” he replied.‘So what does this greater jihad entail?’ I asked him.‘It is the effort to practise our faith,’ Gai replied. ‘To pray five times every day is an effort, to veil one’s selfish desires and conduct life in accordance with Islamic ethics and laws. The greatest “spiritual warriors” are the saints armed not with weapons but with prayer and prayer beads.’ While it all made sense I wanted to know more about the idea that we needed to go out and fight jihad.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Satan’s method has often been to imitate God.Satan is still using this form of deception, and often his representatives are being disguised as ministers of righteousness.
Marco Rubio|As a cell contains a natural intelligence by which it fosters the healthy functioning of the body, I, too, have natural intelligence that fosters the perfect unfolding of my life.
Bill Bryson, In a Sunburned Country|Perhaps it’s my natural pessimism, but it seems that an awfully large part of travel these days is to see things while you still can.
Stephen R. Covey|All of us are interested in things outside of our stewardships, and we should be, but the most important way to do anything about them is to magnify our own stewardships. When you focus on your own responsibility, you become relatively unconcerned with other peoples stewardships...The highest form of influence is to be a model, not a critic; a light, not a judge.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe|He bursts out laughing. It's short, as if he regretted allowing me to make him laugh, but the satisfaction's already mine.
Marcus Aurelius, The Thoughts of Marcus Aurelius|Don’t deny the dreams. They’re a gift given to make your life full. Accept them. Reach for them. We are not here just to endure hard times until we die. We are here to live, to serve, to trust, and to create out of our longings.
Mychal Denzel Smith, Invisible Man, Got the Whole World Watching: A Young Black Man's Education|Our struggle has inspired oppressed people the world over, because if former slaves can make the most powerful nation face itself, there's a chance for everyone else. In a twist, our rage becomes hope for others.
Thomas M. Disch, On Wings of Song|In short, Daniel was once again a member of a family. Viewed from without they were a strange enough family: a rattling, hunchbacked old woman, a spoiled senile cocker spaniel, and a eunuch with a punctured career (for though Rey didn’t live with them, his off-stage presence was as abiding and palpable as that of any paterfamilias away every day at the office). And Daniel himself. But better to be strange together than strange apart. He was glad to have found such a haven at last, and he hoped that most familial and doomed of hopes, that nothing would change. 
Lena Dunham|As a leader, 1st, work on yourself- increase your self-awareness. There shouldn't be any other urgent agenda than this. Get enlightened! Know very well who you're including your strengths, weaknesses, and blind spots!
Alain-Fournier, Le Grand Meaulnes|This evening, which I have tried to spirit away, is a strange burden to me. While time moves on, while the day will soon end and I already wish it gone, there are men who have entrusted all their hopes to it, all their love and their last efforts. There are dying men or others who are waiting for a debt to come due, who wish that tomorrow would never come. There are others for whom the day will break like a pang of remorse; and others who are tired, for whom the night will never be long enough to give them the rest that they need. And I - who have lost my day - what right do I have to wish that tomorrow comes?
Ko Un, What? 108 Zen Poems|HOUSE Grow high. The devil can't find you. Grow deep. Buddha can't find you. Build a house and live there. Gourd creepers will climb over it, their flowers dazzling at midnight. 
Tony Dovale|In a Consciously Constructive Revolutionary Workplace, Happiness fuelsHigher Performance, which creates Greater Happiness, which again fuels higher performance.
Jerry Spinelli|I did leave something behind with you: my heart. Of course, you didn't know it at the time. Maybe I didn't either. What have you done with my heart, Leo? Have you taken good care of it? Have you misplaced it?
|Every single day is a good day no matter how bright or dark it is, because it always brings an opportunity to start a positive beginning in your life.
Shannon L. Alder|Anyone can fail at something they really don’t want. What really takes courage is going after something you want and then failing. There is more fulfillment in life knowing that you tried, rather than settled without a fight.
Neetesh Dixit|The best part about turning to the dark side of you, it sets you free.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Whatever your passion is, keep doing it. Don't waste time chasing after success or comparing yourself to others. Every flower blooms at a different pace. Excel at doing what your passion is and only focus on perfecting it. Eventually people will see what you are great at doing, and if you are truly great, success will come chasing after you.
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|He wanted to cry quietly but not for himself: for the words, so beautiful and sad, like music.
Odell Beckham, Jr.|Don't lower your expectations to meet your performance. Raise your level of performance to meet your expectations. Expect the best of yourself, and then do what is necessary to make it a reality.
Francis Spufford, The Child That Books Built: A Life in Reading|Mother's intentions were always sound, never muddy; I don't imagine that she troubled herself to feel very guilty. But the Rev. Mr. Merrill was a man who took to wallowing in guilt; his remorse, after all, was all he had to cling to-especially after his scant courage left him, and he was forced to acknowledge that he would never be brave enough to abandon his miserable wife and children for my mother. He would continue to torture himself, of course, with the insistent and self-destructive notion that he loved my mother. I suppose that his "love" of my mother was as intellectually detached from feeling and action as his "belief" was also subject to his immense capacity for remote and unrealistic interpretation. My mother was a healthier animal; when he said he wouldn't leave his family for her, she simply put him out of her mind and went on singing.But as incapable as he was of a heartfelt response to a real situation, the Rev. Mr. Merrill was tirelessly capable of thinking; he pondered and brooded and surmised and second-guessed my mother to death.
Wheston Chancellor Grove, Who Has Known Heights|A noble journey through the travails of time calls for a person to disregard conventional social, cultural, and moral contexts and strive to cleave a personal meaning that guides their existence.
James Perrin, The Occasional Swearing Of Politician Perrin|People in third world countries aren't living in poverty, they're living pretty much as nature intended us to live it and putting us all to shame
Truth Devour, Unrequited|The Phoenix burns and rebirths from the ashes in the absence of need for witness, acceptance, understanding or belief.
Laura Kasischke, White Bird in a Blizzard|I gazed up as if I hadn't heard, but what I was thinking was, tellme more about the pretty girls. I was embarrassed for wanting it, itwas base, what did pretty matter? I had thought that so many timeswith my mother. A person didn't need to be beautiful, they justneeded to be loved. But I couldn't help wanting it. If that was theway I could be loved, to be beautiful, I'd take it.
Sanhita Baruah|That was the thing about her. When you told her about an incident where you so badly screwed up, half expecting her to laugh at you in amusement, half anticipating a smirk of disgust, she would hardly express her pity or maybe she did express what she felt, for she would just nod her head, gesturing you to go on... As if it's normal... As if you're normal.
Debasish Mridha|Adversity could be an advantage in the future. To be a success, take the advantage of adversity whenever possible.
Deyth Banger|Choose well the people around you, friends and everyone else around you. They can teach you lesson, some people give it like this other give it by the hard way.
Gideon Haigh|It was probably no accident that it was the cripple Hephaestus who made ingenious machines; a normal man didn't have to hoist or jack himself over hindrances by means of cranks, chains and metal parts. Then it was in the line of human advance that Einhorn could do so much.
Charles H. Townes|My education in the public schools of New York City between 1932 and 1944 was an excellent preparation for a life in science. Because of the Depression, these schools were able to attract a remarkably talented and dedicated collection of teachers who encouraged their students to strive for the highest levels of accomplishment.
Lauren London|Writing in a diary is a really strange experience for someone like me. Not only because I've never written anything before, but also because it seems to me that later on neither I nor anyone else will be interested in the musings of a thirteen-year-old schoolgirl.
J.K. Rowling|Not at all, I just don't understand how the Arch Alchemist became mortal all of a sudden.""Because he split his soul into seven pieces and hid them all over Justice City," Toby retorted."You turned our comic book into a Harry Potter rip-off?" I spluttered.
Mitt Romney|Second, we will give our fellow citizens the skills they need for the jobs of today and the careers of tomorrow. When it comes to the school your child will attend, every parent should have a choice, and every child should have a chance.
Clara Chow, Dream Storeys|Not everyone loves to read, but everyone loves stories. Some stories are told with words, some with paint, and some with music. Some are filmed, others are set on a stage. Some are sculpted from clay or woven in thread, and some are even explored in video games. The best ones are from other people, because they are raw and unique. But however they come, stories are powerful because they create something out of nothing: courage out of fear, knowledge out of ignorance, and hope out of despair.
James M. Barrie|The fact is that love is of two kinds, one which commands, and one which obeys. The two are quite distinct, and the passion to which the one gives rise is not the passion of the other.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Letters of J.R.R. Tolkien|If you can look at one of these waves and you don't believe that there's something greater than we are, then you've got some serious analyzing to do and you should go sit under a tree for a very long time.
Arthur Miller|Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
David Bohm, On Creativity|It can be proven that wounded people wound others. Walk circumspectly among wounded people, their injuries are deeply submerged in their brain's amygdala, and without the time-tested practice of emotional intelligence, you might find yourself scarred by association. Give your associations time to reveal their emotional intelligence or lack thereof; employers measure their associates seasonally, quarterly, and or annually; but ask yourself the question: (Q) WHY haven't you?
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|The new definition of God - It has the root in Vedanta. The concentrated form of the whole human race is God. Where does it concentrate? In Vedanta it has the explanation. Where is the universe? It is within the body of every human being. It is the realization of Vedanta. It cannot be proved outside. First comes visualization of Atma or soul, then visualization of universe within Atma. Where Atma is visualized? This occurs within this body. Then it comes that the universe is within this body and again it is outside.
Maria V. Snyder|But if you want him, you might have to fight for him." I let my head fall to the tabletop. "For the love of all that is dead and Chinese, please, no more fighting. This army needs a break.
Mari Mancusi|Holy fu-" he starts then catches himself."Yes,this tithe will be most pleasing to her Goodness." Me and Magnus exchange amused glances.
Ka Chinery|Cause and effect is the basis of my education, leading me to an essence far more profound than any rule of societal conditioning.
Abhijit Naskar, Rowdy Buddha: The First Sapiens|By incorporating him (Buddha) into the domain of Hindu traditions, and by depicting him as a Hindu sage who was a glorious incarnation of Lord Vishnu, the Brahmins attempted to secure their position of authority in the society.
Emma Roberts|My mom was a diabetic. Her sister was a diabetic, so I was already a candidate.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|It’s not how you start that’s important, but how well you finish!
Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate|My faith has been tempered in Hell. My faith has emerged from the flames of the crematoria, from the concrete of the gas chamber. I have seen that it is not man who is impotent in the struggle against evil, but the power of evil that is impotent in the struggle against man. The powerlessness of kindness, of senseless kindness, is the secret of its immortality. It can never be conquered. The more stupid, the more senseless, the more helpless it may seem, the vaster it is. Evil is impotent before it. The prophets, religious teachers, reformers, social and political leaders are impotent before it. This dumb, blind love is man's meaning.Human history is not the battle of good struggling to overcome evil. It is a battle fought by a great evil struggling to crush a small kernel of human kindness. But if what is human in human beings has not been destroyed even now, then evil will never conquer.
Paullina Simons, The Bronze Horseman|Tatiana: "Why did we spend two days fighting when we could have been doing this?"Alexander: "That wasn't fighting, Tatiana. That was foreplay.
L. Ron Hubbard|There's always, always a choice. My options might really, truly suck, but that doesn't mean there isn't a choice.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Healthy home, healthy life.
Alice Waters|I remember debating the finer points of flaky pastry with my chicken-pot-pie-obsessed American dad. I remember the divine mix of Thai food, TV dinners, and hearty, homemade goodness that have shaped this palate of mine to this day. I remember all this, but I still Google my husband's birthday. Thank God he's famous.
Akif Kichloo, The Feeling May Remain|So often we confuse mistakes for soul mates, lessons forlovers, and at the same time worthy life partners for one-night stands. It’s an epidemic.
S.A. Bouraleh, The Serpent's Son|What lies beneath this envelope of flesh and blood, hmm? Is it something special? Perhaps, when I peel it open, I will be able to see. Perhaps your screams will tell me everything I need to know.
Debasish Mridha|To be, is to be in love.
Maya Angelou, Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now|Since time is the one immaterial object which we cannot influence—neither speed up nor slow down, add to nor diminish—it is an imponderably valuable gift.
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|You have to live to really know things, my love
Sabaa Tahir, A Torch Against the Night|I should just build a bleeding house here," I mutter as I pick myself up off the snow-covered ground. "Maybe get a few chickens. Plant a garden.
Jenny Han, P.S. I Still Love You|If two people are meant to be, they'll find their way to each other.
H.W. Brands, American Colossus: The Triumph of Capitalism, 1865-1900|A young mark twain on the make: "I can't turn in inkstand into Aladdin's lamp.
John  Williams, Stoner|A war doesn’t merely kill off a few thousand or a few hundred thousand young men. It kills off something in a people that can never be brought back. And if a people goes through enough wars, pretty soon all that’s left is the brute, the creature that we—you and I and others like us—have brought up from the slime.
Barrie Dolnick|When bad things happen or you don't get your own way, if you can open your heart to compassion instead of shunting it down in anger, you're going to create more light.
Darell Hammond|We know their names: Hippolyta, Antiope, Thessalia. But they were long thought to be just travelers' tales or products of the Greek storytelling imagination. A lot of scholars still argue that. But archaeology has now proven without a doubt that there really were women fitting the description that the Greeks gave us of Amazons and warrior women.
Colleen McCullough, The Thorn Birds|We can know what we do wrong even before we do it, but self-knowledge can't affect or change the outcome, can it? Everyone singing his own little song, convinced it's the most wonderful song the world has ever heard. Don't you see? We create our own thorns, and never stop to count the cost. All we can do is suffer the pain, and tell ourselves it was well worth it.
Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man|He was certain he was anorectic, because every time he looked in a mirror he saw a fat man. It was the Archchancellor, standing behind him and shouting at him.
Lionel Suggs|Ego, Identity and Self - the 3 concepts of one's creation that defines them entirely. Have an Ego, for without one, there is nothing but self-doubt. Have an Identity, for without one, there is nothing but an empty shell. Understand your 'Self,' for if you don't, then who or what are you?
Gene Roddenberry, Star Trek I: The Motion Picture|Software testing is a sport like hunting, it's bughunting.
Judy Garland|And ask each passenger to tell his story, and if there is one of them all who has not cursed his existence many times, and said to himself over and over again that he was the most miserable of men, I give you permission to throw me head-first into the sea.
Charles Bukowski|One thought follows on the other, they are not distinct objects with clear boundaries; rather, one thought anticipates the next and thereby contains it. The thought that comes afterward contains the memory or trace of the former. Thus, the movement of thought within the mind requires a mathematics of implicate forms.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Isn’t it an irony of the sorts that most evolved people think that they are dispensable, lesser humans think that they are indispensable, and the devolved ones think that rest are dispensable.
Will Poulter|I don't do sports, and my idea of hell is being dragged around ruins/museums/famous buildings, so I guess I'm a beach bum.
Maxwell Maltz|The art of living does not consist in preserving and clinging to a particular mode of happiness, but in allowing happiness to change its form without being disappointed by the change; happiness, like a child, must be allowed to grow up.
Linda Hogan, People of the Whale|There were times when the light of the moon had gone out and she felt a great loneliness. It wasn't for herself. It was for what had happened to the grasses of their land, their waters, not just the massacre there, the slavery, but the killing of the ocean.
Mickey Rivers|There are things that I invented - the creaky geriatric robot that is always grumpy, for example, or the little wheelie guy, he's not in the Hasbro lore. But kids love that stuff - this little guy as a pet on a chain. They gravitate towards it.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Humility is, in a sense, admitting how egotistical you are.
Roseanne Barr|If the CIA and other U.S. intelligence agencies were private companies and were chronically unable to accomplish one of their key missions, their shareholders would have long ago revolted, fired their management, and their stock would be trading at values near zero.
John Piper, Future Grace|In a sermon entitled “God’s Providence,” C. H. Spurgeon said, “Napoleon once heard it said, that man proposes and God disposes. ‘Ah,’ said Napoleon, ‘but I propose and dispose too.’ How do you think he proposed and disposed? He proposed to go and take Russia; he proposed to make all Europe his. He proposed to destroy that power, and how did he come back again? How had he disposed it? He came back solitary and alone, his mighty army perished and wasted, having well-nigh eaten and devoured one another through hunger. Man proposes and God disposes.
Julie Andrews Edwards|During their lifetimes, every man and woman will stumble across a great opportunity. Sadly, most of them will simply pick themselves up, dust themselves down and carry on as if nothing ever happened.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|At that moment, when the world around him melted away, when he stood alone like a star in the heavens, he was overwhelmed by a feeling of icy despair, but he was more firmly himself than ever. That was the last shudder of his awakening, the last pains of birth. Immediately he moved on again and began to walk quickly and impatiently, no longer homewards, no longer to his father, no longer looking backwards.
William Lloyd Garrison, Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass|In trying to make the slave experience intimate, I hoped the sense of things being both under control and out of control would be persuasive throughout; that the order and quietitude of every day life would be violently disrupted by the chaos of the needy dead; that the herculean effort to forget would be threatened by memory desperate to stay alive. To render enslavement as a personal experience, language must first get out of the way.
Henry Rollins|You are beautiful like demolition. Just the thought of you draws my knuckles white. I don’t need a god. I have you and your beautiful mouth, your hands holding onto me, the nails leaving unfelt wounds, your hot breath on my neck. The taste of your saliva. The darkness is ours. The nights belong to us. Everything we do is secret. Nothing we do will ever be understood; we will be feared and kept well away from. It will be the stuff of legend, endless discussion and limitless inspiration for the brave of heart. It’s you and me in this room, on this floor. Beyond life, beyond morality. We are gleaming animals painted in moonlit sweat glow. Our eyes turn to jewels and everything we do is an example of spontaneous perfection. I have been waiting all my life to be with you. My heart slams against my ribs when I think of the slaughtered nights I spent all over the world waiting to feel your touch. The time I annihilated while I waited like a man doing a life sentence. Now you’re here and everything we touch explodes, bursts into bloom or burns to ash. History atomizes and negates itself with our every shared breath. I need you like life needs life. I want you bad like a natural disaster. You are all I see. You are the only one I want to know.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|I could die for you. But I couldn't, and wouldn't, live for you.
Anthony Liccione|...when the public nerve is aroused, the most impressive capacity of man is his skill for lying.
Shiv Khera, You Can Win: A Step by Step Tool for Top Achievers|He could not name precisely the special quality she possessed. A glow. An exuberance. An aggressive and determined joy that gave her the courage to push past his defenses, to confront him with unflinching courage, to look into his heart and to see something there worth fighting for.
Judy Blume, Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret|Are you there God? It's me, Margaret.
Louise Penny, A Rule Against Murder|We’re not a people worth saving, plain and simple. We’re completely beyond that—both the undead and the few still living. Yeah, 'living.' Some life, huh? But it’s the only life we could ever possibly live if we want to stay alive another day. It’s our life that terrifies me.
John-Roger, Spiritual Warrior: The Art of Spiritual Living|We owe a lot to the Indians, who taught us how to count, without which no worthwhile scientific discovery could have been made.
Thea Harrison, Midnight's Kiss|Oh soldier, how did we come to such a place?
Gudjon Bergmann|In its purest form the term meditation means two things; (1) the state of meditation, which resembles deep dreamless sleep while awake, and, (2) the practices that lead to the state, usually a combination of relaxation and concentration techniques.
Virat Kohli|I don't buy these rag magazines that feed off of stolen, you know, press. They're basically stealing someone's image in order to make money for themselves... They wait at the end of my street in their cars. Every time I exit my home, I have company.
Kate Sherwood, Out of the Darkness|The three of you were pretty cute last night, with all that touchy-feely crap.""Yeah, that lasted for about two minutes before you dragged Evan back over to the bar.""Dude, we were hunting Turkey. [drinking bourbon] it was important." Chris grins. "That boy can drink, I'll give him that." "That's big of you. From the way you were hanging off each other by the end of the night, I was thinking I might get Jeff all to myself." Chris shoots him a look. "Is that what you want? If you had your way? Just Jeff?" Dan Isn't really ready to answer that question, not even from Chris. "Wow, you'd switch teams just for me? You'd steal Evan away just so I could take his boyfriend? That's sweet man, really."Dan knows that Chris recognizes the deflection, but he lets Dan get away with it. "That's the kind if friend I am, Dan. Maybe you should take a lesson - the next time I need a wingman in a straight bar, it wouldn't kill you to step up." "Yeah, okay, I'll keep that on mind.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|Cross and resurrection are the South and North polls, true gospel polarities, of a single, undivided, salvation world. Remove either Paul and you've got salvation.
Tad Williams, Shadowheart|So what was Jonah like before high school? As a kid?”“As a kid?” Hallelujah brings up the picture in her mind. “He was . . . sweet, I guess. Dorky. He’d wear these outfits his mom picked out—pleated khaki pants and polo shirts, with his hair slicked down with gel. And he would get really enthusiastic about things. Too enthusiastic. He went through this cowboy phase where he wore a cowboy hat and boots to school every day. Didn’t care what anyone thought.” The mental image makes her smile.“And he and Luke were best friends?”“Starting in middle school, yeah. They played soccer together.”“Huh.” Rachel pauses. “So when did Jonah get cute?”“He was still pretty short in middle school. And skinny. But he did start dressing better.”“No more pleated khakis?”“No more pleated khakis. And then the summer before ninth grade, he had this growth spurt. And he started to, uh, fill out. So I guess ninth grade is when I noticed . . .” Hallelujah fades off. “This is embarrassing.”“No, it’s not. This is what girls talk about.” Rachel grins. “Besides. I wanted to see if you were paying as close attention to him as he was to you.”“I didn’t realize I was. We were just friends.”“You can be friends and still objectively notice someone’s cuteness.
Dale Carnegie|Remember, happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely upon what you think. So start each day by thinking of all the things you have to be thankful for. Your future will depend very largely on the thoughts you think today. So think thoughts of hope and confidence and love and success.
Bill Bryson, At Home: A Short History of Private Life|Stressed, depressed, but well dressed.
Michael Polanyi|Canada's a huge country, so to be able to unite the country through communication satellite technology or to be able to observe it through remote sensing technology from space is a natural fit for a country like Canada.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|By the grace of reality and the nature of life, man—every man—is an end in himself, he exists for his own sake, and the achievement of his own happiness is his highest moral purpose.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|Sirs, if you are listening and are not acting, it is like a man who is always tilling but never sowing. It is better not to listen to a truth than to listen without acting, for then it becomes a poison.
Channing Tatum|It's just weird that for some people, art is a luxury. My parents had no artistic outlet. Some people pass down music to their kids, but I couldn't tell you what my mom's or dad's favorite song is. So when I started going out into the world, I was drawn to people who knew about movies, art, even fashion.
Carla Woody, Standing Stark: The Willingness to Engage|It is widely unknown, but nonetheless true that Catholicism fervently promotes the 'spiritual disciplines' whereas Protestantism has largely neglected them altogether. Does 'volunteerism' facilitate the formation of Christ's character in us or rather does it reveal our level of Christ-like maturity through the work of the Holy Spirit in us? Jesus modeled son-ship and gave all of His time, shared his talents,and invested all of His treasure while affirming others as He proclaimed through demonstrations the Kingdom of God.'Christ-likeness cannot be self-efforted' (Woods, 2007)." ~R. Alan Woods [2013]
Matthew Inman, How to Be Perfectly Unhappy|I want to hurt, so I can heal.I'm not unhappy.I'm just busy.I'm interested.And that's okay.
Paul Murray|There’s no escaping it,” he’d been fond of telling us when he was well, “the way you look defines who you are. You might argue for your soul, or your heart, but everyone else in the world will judge you on your big nose or your weak chin. Six billion people could be wrong, but you’ll never get them to admit it.
Dada Bhagwan|Anger-pride-deceit-greed; they are the ones giving you pain and only they are your enemies. There is no other enemy out there. There is only a nimit (evidentiary doer) outside. Wrong vision makes you accuse the nimit. When you attain the right belief (samkit), know that you have found the solution.
Michael Graves|In designing hardware to be used every day, it was important to keep both the human aspects and the machine in mind. What looks good also often feels good.
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|Antonio could not stop thinking about Dean Fiero’s words during his welcoming speech, “Look to your left; now to your right. One of you will not be here in 1915!” These words were used to intimidate freshman law students to draw their attention to the importance of being diligent in their forthcoming studies. They still are.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is an inner perception, inner joyfulness. We are happy when we express our kindness unconditionally. We are happy when we love some one unconditionally. By becoming the source of happiness for some one we become happy. Happiness is the purpose of every creation.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Virgin Suicides|What are you?' She asked. He shot her a brief glance and looked away. He stared at the scenery of the pastures and distant rows of trees. She knew he was not going to answer the question. In the brightening daylight, she could see that most of the blood on him was restricted to his mouth and hands. It dawned on her that it wasn't his blood, but the blood of something he had caught and eaten.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Shape|Instead of imitating me, you simply loiter.
George Orwell|It must be said that charity can, in no way, exist along with mortal sin.
Betty Poluk|There must be something ghostly in the air of Christmas — something about the close, muggy atmosphere that draws up the ghosts, like the dampness of the summer rains brings out the frogs and snails.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Great thoughts, great soul.
Tiffany L. Jackson, 12 Keys to Success for Misfits, Weirdos & Introverts: A Practical and Spiritual Guide to Understanding Your Place in the World|Some days 'staying put' might feel the same as Going Nowhere.Make a cup of tea, and wait for that feeling to pass.
John T. Flynn|The old interests of aristocracy - the romance of action, the exalted passions of chivalry and war - faded into the background, and their place was taken by the refined and intimate pursuits of peace and civilization.
Gayle Forman, I Was Here|On a fulcrum in my chest, grief and relief are balanced in equal measure.
Lynn Schusterman|Most of all, we should remember all of us are capable of individually helping advance the spirit of equality for all.
Tanith Lee|There is no one, who possesses intelligence and uses reflection, who does not understand that it is one Being who both created all things and governs them with the same energy by which He created them.
Courtney Allison Moulton, Shadows in the Silence|Fear enslaves us, Truth sets us free and the only Truth is the Oneness.
Esther Dyson|Hi there," squeaked a precocious little voice, "you are speaking to Chloe Fusakawa, and I have just learned how to answer the phone.
Richard Peck, Secrets at Sea|What are we going to do, Ayden?" she whispered, glaring up at me."I don't know," I confessed. "But how about we burn that bridge when we get there?""I thought it was 'cross' that bridge?"I lightly poked her in the eye and she laughed. "No. We're burning bridges. Crossing is so overrated." I smiled and touched the corner of her eyes, captivated by the iridescent blues."I think I like the sound of that," she whispered."Yeah?""Yeah.
Kim Weiss, Sunrise, Sunset: 52 Weeks of Awe & Gratitude|When people close to me lie to me or try manipulating me, I feel like I know how the sun feels when the clouds steal the sun's thunder.
Mark Twain, A Tramp Abroad|That's the difference between governments and individuals. Governments don't care, individuals do.
Anthony Liccione|To save face, it's better not to ask sex from the ex, but to give everything the axe.
Jason Christopher Hartley, Just Another Soldier: A Year on the Ground in Iraq|I feel like so much has been left undone. There are friends I won't see before I leave, there are bills I still need to pay. I haven't written as much as I've wanted, and there are countless things I've said that I wish I could correct, but this is a process that will never end. When my grandmother died she left a library full of books she never finished reading. This is how I feel now.
Wyketha K Parkman|My mouth is not talking, my fingers are!
George Orwell, 1984|If he were allowed contact with foreigners he would discover that they are creatures similar to himself and that most of what he has been told about them is lies. The sealed world in which he lives would be broken, and the fear, hatred, and self-righteousness on which his morale depends might evaporate. It is therefore realized on all sides that however ofter Persia, or Egypt, or Java, or Ceylon may change hands, the main frontiers must never be crossed by anything except bombs.
weheartit|So I got dressed up kind of Girl With The Dragon Tattoo-y goth. As I head out, I say bye to Mum and Dad, and Mum says, ‘You look cool’, just as Dad says, ‘You look terrifying.
Marcus Aurelius, The Essential Marcus Aurelius|If something is difficult for you to accomplish, do not then think it impossible for any human being; rather, if it is humanly possible and corresponds to human nature, know that it is attainable by you as well.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|We are benefiting from one thing, and that is the attacks on the twin towers and the pentagon and the American struggle in Iraq. These events swung American public opinion in our favor
Henry David Thoreau|Our life is frittered away by detail. Simplify, simplify.
Idries Shah|Abu-Yaqub al-Susi: the Sufi is 'One who does not care when something is taken from him, but who does not cease to seek for what he has not.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|For centuries mankind has been on an incredible journey, taking him across every generation and through every conceivable experience in his search for God.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Malachi scowled. "I don't remember the Clave inviting you into the Glass City, Magnus Bane.""They didn't," Magnus said. "Your wards are down.""Really?" the Consul's voice dripped sarcasm. "I hadn't noticed."Magnus looked concerned. "That's terrible. Someone should have told you." He glanced at Luke. "Tell him the wards are down.
Hunter S. Thompson, Generation of Swine: Tales of Shame and Degradation in the '80's|Maybe there is no Heaven. Or maybe this is all pure gibberish—a product of the demented imagination of a lazy drunken hillbilly with a heart full of hate who has found a way to live out where the real winds blow—to sleep late, have fun, get wild, drink whisky, and drive fast on empty streets with nothing in mind except falling in love and not getting arrested . . . Res ipsa loquitur. Let the good times roll.
Mary  Stewart, The Last Enchantment|It is easier to call the storm from the empty sky than to manipulate the heart of a man; and soon, if my bones did not lie to me, I should be needing all the power I could muster, to pit against a woman; and this is harder to do than anything concerning men, as air is harder to see than a mountain.
Pablo Neruda, Residence on Earth|Do you not hear the constant victory,in the human footraceof time, slow as fire,sure, and thick and Herculeanaccumulating its volume and adding its sad fiber?
M. Fethullah Gülen, Speech and Power of Expression: On Language, Esthetics, and Belief|This division is not one by religious affiliation, rather it separates the extremists and the peace-loving people.Therefor I'm optimistic: now a humanistic Islam is getting shaken awake. Moderate Islam needs now to finally break cover and explain how to deal with the violence-glorifying parts of the Quran. The (psychological) repression that this has nothing to do with our belief doesn't work anymore. We have to face this challenge.
Chinese Proverb|Teachers open doors, but you must enter by yourself.
Marc Bekoff, Animals Matter: A Biologist Explains Why We Should Treat Animals with Compassion and Respect|She felt about her zester the way some women do about a pair of spiky red shoes--a frivolous splurge, good only for parties, but oh so lovely.
Catherine Doyle, Vendetta|It was an uncomfortable feeling, staring into the darkest moments of someone’s soul without them knowing.
Henry Brandt|Meditation is yoga for the mind, just as there is yoga of the body.
Paul Theroux|The job of the travel writer is to go far and wide, to make voluminous notes, to tell the truth.
Candace Parker|She still talks to me now, only now she talks to me in my dreams. And I can't wait to go to sleep tonight because we have a lot to talk about. I love you.
Peter Singer|Even in the era of AIDS, sex raises no unique moral issues at all. Decisions about sex may involve considerations about honesty, concern for others, prudence, and so on, but there is nothing special about sex in this respect, for the same could be said of decisions about driving a car. (In fact, the moral issues raised by driving a car, both from an environmental and from a safety point of view, are much more serious than those raised by sex.)
Mary Lou Retton|A good book is the best of friends, the same today and forever.
Mark F. LaMoure|Occasionally during the day, ask yourself: "How am I doing today and what can I do to do a better job?
Evinda Lepins, Back to Single|The destination is made more meaningful by and through the journey. Don't give up!" HS/EL
Ugo Betti|I do not want the peace which passeth understanding, I want the understanding which bringeth peace.
A.S.W. Rosenbach|I have known men to hazard their fortunes, go long journeys halfway about the world, forget friendships, even lie, cheat, and steal, all for the gain of a book.
Fiona Ross, Dining with the Famous and Infamous|The quest for an ever-whiter shade of bread, which goes all the way back to the Greeks and Romans, is a parable about the folly of human ingenuity -- about how our species can sometimes be too smart for its own good. After figuring out an ingenious system for transforming an all but nutritionally worthless grass into a wholesome food, humanity pushed on intrepidly until it had figured out a way to make that food all but nutritionally worthless yet gain! Here in miniature, I realized, is the whole checkered history of "food processing." Our species' discovery and development of cooking (in the broadest sense of the word) gave us a handful of ingenious technologies for rendering plants and animals more nutritious and unlocking calories unavailable to other creatures. But there eventually came a moment when, propelled by the logic of human desire and technological progress, we began to overprocess certain foods in such a way as to actually render them detrimental to our health and well-being. What had been a highly adaptive set of techniques that contributed substantially to our success as a species turned into a maladaptive one -- contributing to disease and general ill health and now actually threatening to shorten human lives.
Hsin Hsin Ming|When love and hate are both absent, everything becomes clear and undisguised. Make the slightest distinction, however, and heaven and earth are set infinitely apart. If you wish to see the truth, then hold no opinions for or against anything. To set up what you like against what you dislike is the disease of the mind.
Kunal Nayyar|In every society in human history, including the United States, those in power seek to imbue themselves with the attributes of religion and patriotism as a way of getting greater support for their policy and insulating themselves from any criticism.
James Lileks, Falling Up the Stairs|I’m not sure how people drink out of skulls,” Jinx added. Calvin had too many holes in him to make a good cup.
Hilary Mantel, Bring Up the Bodies|After all, that's why we read historical fiction-to be transported to another time, and to be astonished at ancient people's lives and traditions, just as they would probably be astonished at ours.
Anthony Horowitz, Magpie Murders|You must know that feeling when it's raining outside and the heating's on and you lose yourself, utterly, in a book. You read and you read and you feel the pages slipping through your fingers until suddenly there are fewer in your right hand than there are in your left and you want to slow down but you still hurtle on towards a conclusion you can hardly bear to discover.
Pat Conroy, South of Broad|I've always had a talent for recognizing when I am in a moment worth being nostalgic for. When I was little, my mother would come home from a party, her hair cool from the wind, her perfume almost gone, and her lips a faded red, and she would coo at me "You're still awake! Hiiii." And I'd think how beautiful she was and how I always wanted to remember her stepping out of the elevator in her pea-green wool coat, thirty-nine years old, just like that.
Ari Berk & Carolyn Dunn, Coyote Speaks: Wonders of the Native American World|But there's always a story behind the story. That's how the story never ends: Someone is always telling it, someone is always listening. A story is told about something someone else did once so that we won't make that same mistake now.
Jon Oringer|Put two ships in the open sea, without wind or tide, and, at last, they will come together. Throw two planets into space, and they will fall one on the other. Place two enemies in the midst of a crowd, and they will inevitably meet; it is a fatality, a question of time; that is all.
Gregor Collins, The Accidental Caregiver: How I Met, Loved, and Lost Legendary Holocaust Refugee Maria Altmann|A piece of art is part of its creator, you cannot split them apart. You cannot like one and dislike another.
Nathalie M. Leblanc, Shrinking Forward|You must try to have a positive attitude. It does not matter how small a person is. One can still change the future. Size is only a state of mind. You know – it is how you use your wits that counts. Nothing can stop us, if we put our hearts into it. Anything is achievable girls, anything at all!
Uzoma Nnadi|Gossip is an idle talk that makes you look worse than the person you are talking about, and people tend to have more confidence in the person you talked about when they get tired of your gossip. Speak with love and kindness or don't speak at all.
Elizabeth Chandler, Kissed by an Angel/The Power of Love/Soulmates|Never run after a man or a bus, there's always another one in five minutes.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|You had a choice: you could either strain and look at things that appeared in front of you in the fog, painful as it might be, or you could relax and lose yourself
Atifete Jahjaga|It is time for corporate America to become 'the third pillar' of social change in our society, complementing the first two pillars of government and philanthropy. We need the entire private sector to begin committing itself not just to making profits, but to fulfilling higher and larger purposes by contributing to building a better world.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|It seemed ironic to her that women were considered far too meek for the morbidity of war, and yet a child could give their life in a battle they did not even understand.
Albert Einstein|The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing.
Ilona Andrews, Fate's Edge|The only way to make sure that the Hand didn't get to you would have been to kill your brother. I could've done it, but I didn't. I just gave him some drugs.""You gave an addict in rehab drugs, and you want credit for it?""Of course it sounds bad when you put it that way.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t resist. Accept it to create memories, and then let it go.
Tim O'Brien, Tomcat In Love|Words, too, have genuine substance -- mass and weight and specific gravity.
Lyn Key, Nozy Cat 1|Nozy Cat lifted one sleepy eyelid, and his marble blue eye glared at her for interrupting his sacred nap. He wore a yellow collar with little red stars printed on it. His second eyelid also opened, and he gave them his irritated blue-eyed glare.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|A professional who doesn't deliver as committed is not just lazy, he is a liar.
Anton Chekhov|Faith is what someone knows to be true, whether they believe it or not.
Alamvusha|Past is a picture that has been viewed already, and there's nothing more to learn from it, so we need to stop looking at the same picture again and again and start making a better picture for the future, so that when someday we look back the picture's made by us, instead of regretting we cherish it.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I needed to stop hiding: I was raped. It was time to honestly be exactly who I was. I saw—the shame wasn't mine, it was his, and I could stop misrepresenting myself, and I could accept myself.
Terry Pratchett, The Truth|The dwarfs can turn lead into gold...It reached the pointy ears of the dwarfs.-Can we?-Damned if I know. I can't.-Yeah, but if you could, you wouldn't say. I wouldn't say, if I could.-Can you?-No!-Ah-ha!
Bertrand Russell, The Analysis of Mind|Travelling, whether in the mental or the physical world, is a joy, and it is good to know that, in the mental world at least, there are vast countries still very imperfectly explored
Kenny Rogers, Christmas in Canaan|I am a bomb but I mean you no harm. That I still am here to tell this, is a miracle: I was deployed on May 15, 1957, but I didn’t go off because a British nuclear engineer, a young father, developed qualms after seeing pictures of native children marveling at the mushrooms in the sky, and sabotaged me. I could see why during that short drop before I hit the atoll: the island looks like god’s knuckles in a bathtub, the ocean is beautifully translucent, corals glow underwater, a dead city of bones, allowing a glimpse into a white netherworld. I met the water and fell a few feet into a chromatic cemetery. The longer I lie here, listening to my still functioning electronic innards, the more afraid I grow of detonating after all this time. I don’t share your gods, but I pray I shall die a silent death.
Charbel Tadros|Just like small acts of kindness can pave the way for a better world, small acts of corruption open the road for a corrupt world.
Ryan Gosling|I moved to the city in August of 1980, and someone I thought was a friend had an apartment in this wedding cake of a building, so I slept on her couch for a few days.
Kerrelyn Sparks, All I Want for Christmas is a Vampire|Nothing outside of yourself can prevent you from achieving all of your hopes, dreams and desires….
H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation|Using the combined, integrated force of the mind and body is more efficient than using one without the other. Since the body can only exist in the present, that’s where the mind should be too (unless we deliberately choose to contemplate the past or future). At the same time, the body needs to be healthy and in optimum operating condition so that it can respond effectively to the mind’s directives.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|He, the man, had seen her, touched her, and had not validated her beauty, her womanliness. He had turned away and gone to his own bed. Like Eve after the fall, her nakedness was obscene to her now.
Unarine Ramaru|Never underestimate the value of advice from anyone, whether they are younger or older than you. Wisdom is not categorised under age
Mark Andrew Poe, Showdown on Nightingale Lane|Jill had, as you might say, quite fall in love with the Unicorn. She thought- and she wasn't far wrong- that he was the shiningest, delicatest, most graceful animal she had ever met; and he was so gentle and soft of speech that, if you hadn't known, you would hardly have believed how fierce and terrible he could be in battle."Oh, this is nice!" said Jill. "Just walking along like this. I wish there could be more of this sort of adventure. It's a pity there's always so much happening in Narnia."But the Unicorn explained to her that she was quite mistaken. He said that the Sons and Daughters of Adam and Eve were brought out of their own strange world into Narnia only at times when Narnia was stirred and upset, but she mustn't think it was always like that. In between their visits there were hundreds and thousands of years when peaceful King followed peaceful King till you could hardly remember their names or count their numbers, and there was really hardly anything to put into the History Books. And he went on to talk of old Queens and heroes whom she had never heard of. He spoke of Swanwhite the Queen who had lived before the days of the White Witch and the Great Winter, who was so beautiful that when she looked into any forest pool the reflection of her face shone out of the water like a star by night for a year and a day afterwards. He spoke of Moonwood the Hare who had such ears that he could sit by Caldron Pool under the thunder of the great waterfall and hear what men spoke in whispers at Cair Paravel. He told how King Gale, who was ninth in descent from Frank the first of all Kings, had sailed far away into the Eastern seas and delivered the Lone Islanders from a dragon and how, in return, they had given him the Lone Islands to be part of the royal lands of Narnia for ever. He talked of whole centuries in which all Narnia was so happy that notable dances and feasts, or at most tournaments, were the only things that could be remembered, and every day and week had been better than the last. And as he went on, the picture of all those happy years, all the thousands of them, piled up in Jill's mind till it was rather like looking down from a high hill on to a rich, lovely plain full of woods and waters and cornfields, which spread away and away till it got thin and misty from distance.
Richard Phillips|As an integral part of the Department of Agriculture, the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service monitors our Nation's agriculture to protect against agricultural pests and diseases.
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|New York is made up of millions of different people, and they all come here looking for something
Herb Kelleher|Leadership is absolutely about inspiring action, but it is also about guarding against mis-action.
Lisa Goldstein, The Sandman: Book of Dreams|As Raimon and Desire listened, Aimeric sang of Carenza's beauty. He sang of the oaths he had given to his lord, the count Bertran, and of another oath, one that he had sworn to Countess Carenza in his heart. He would keep her at the forefront of his thoughts, he would cherish her forever. They would never satisfy their desire, never even kiss one another, but he would be faithful to her until he died.
C.G. Faulkner, White Room: A Cold War Thriller|You know I won’t take a chance with your lives…” Ethan replied. “You’re the future of the Fortner family.” He smiled and took her hand in his. “Like I said, don’t worry…before you know it you’ll have Jeff back and you can tell him he’s going to be a father!
Lailah Gfty Akita|Let thy breath be, a grace of thanks.
Stephan Kinsella|Malcolm X and Edmund Burke shared an appreciation of this important insight, this painful truth--that the state wants men to be weak and timid, not strong and proud.
Agatha Christie, By the Pricking of My Thumbs|I've got a very nice staff here. People with patience, you know, and good temper, and not too brainy, because if you have people who are brainy, they are bound to be very impatient.
George Eliot, Adam Bede|Tzedakah is different than charity. Charity comes from the word charitus, which means heart. Tzedakah comes from the word tzedek, which means justice, so when you are giving tzedakah, you are not just making the world a better place by contributing to hospitals, synagogues, churches, or your favorite cause. You are in a position of bringing justice to the world, becoming as God-like as possible.
Peter Tieryas, United States of Japan|There's no ideology, only people.
Chiwetel Ejiofor's character 'Adrian Helmsley' in the movie '2012'|The moment we stop fighting for each other, that's the moment we lose our humanity.
Lisa Kogan, Someone Will Be with You Shortly: Notes from a Perfectly Imperfect Life|When I was extremely young and shockingly stupid, I thought you weren't supposed to ever get angry at anybody you cared about (lest you suspect I'm exaggerating the "shockingly stupid" part, I also thought Mount Rushmore was a natural phenomenon). I honestly believed that people who were truly in love would never dream of having a good, old-fashioned, knock-down, drag-out fight. I guess when you're the type of girl who walks around thinking that the wind just sort of sculpted Teddy Roosevelt into the side of a mountain, the concept of a fairy-tale relationship makes total sense.
Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known|Our Peter Pan generation is unhappy. All our lives, we want to grow up—to be treated like adults, to have freedom to choose. Then we get here and it turns out being an adult sucks. We pay the bills and taxes, watching others succeed while we are forever waiting for our turn. We believe we are special, but nothing special has come our way.
Matthew Henry|We are not reading books merely to check off a list or to be able to say we have read them. We are reading to grow as persons, to know more that we may understand more, and ultimately, it is to be hoped, to act according to our greater wisdom.
David T. Hardy, Michael Moore Is a Big Fat Stupid White Man|We want to believe something very similar about racism and accusations of racism. If we can prove that a particular allegation of racism is unfounded or untrue, we can all breathe a collective sigh of relief and try to move on. That is part of racism's power. It tricks us into thinking that we can wish it away with a string of logical premises and conclusions, with a singular decree of guilt or innocence. We fantasize about isolating this thing and determining its measurable impact once and for all, especially now that blatant forms of racism have been so thoroughly demonized in mainstream society.
Rachel Vincent, Before I Wake|The three of you are enough to drive a mara mad.'She can wear my shirt," she growled in an imitation of Nash."No,she can wear my shirt,"she said switching to Tod's smoother tone.Then Sabine took off down the hall without a glance at any of us."I have a spare.Come on, Kaylee,before I choke on testosterone and melodrama.
Erica Ridley, The Viscount's Christmas Temptation|A footman approached bearing a tray of sparkling wine. Lord Sheffield motioned the footman away before he could offer them a glass of champagne. “Forgive me,” he murmured in Amelia’s ear. “I cannot wait another moment to have you in my arms.
William Golding, The Spire|She had not heard him enter, and hardly realized his presence there. She was yawning, and he saw the red interior of her mouth as if it had been a snake's. She had stretched one arm so high above her coiled-up cable of hair that he could see its satin delicacy above the sunburn; her face was flushed with sleep, and her eyelids hung heavy over their pupils. The brim-fulness of her nature breathed from her. It was a moment when a woman's soul is more incarnate than at any other time; when the most spiritual beauty bespeaks itself flesh; and sex takes the outside place in the presentation.
Shah Asad Rizvi|O wayfarer! Yearn finds quench, not in meadows, seashores or altitude of mountain peaks; but when being and dance are one.
Clemence Housman, The Were-Wolf|The thing about a marine is that they can be the nicest men and women you will ever meet, but when it comes to their duty there are none fiercer.
Bible|I hope I shall always possess firmness and virtue enough to maintain what I consider the most enviable of all titles  the character of an "Honest Man."
Chris Thomas, You Have Too Much Shit|The archaeologists of the future will find themselves excavating heaps of our discarded junk, picking through mountains of DVDs and yoghurt pots and wondering: “who the fuck were these idiots?
Christopher Vogler, The Writer's Journey: Mythic Structure for Writers|I realized that the good stories were affecting the organs of my body in various ways, and the really good ones were stimulating more than one organ. An effective story grabs your gut, tightens your throat, makes your heart race and your lungs pump, brings tears to your eyes or an explosion of laughter to your lips.
Brandon Mull|Rachel opened her mouth to respond, but the head cut her off.
Abby Rosmarin, Chick Lit and Other Formulas for Life|She might've previously veered off track and landed straight into chick lit land, but how many chick lits had the main character recognize how unpredictable life is and then apologize to those she had hurt when she tried forcing things to fit in placr?
Alexander McCall Smith, The Sunday Philosophy Club|There was a distinction between lying and telling half-truths, but it was a very narrow one.
Chris Hedges, Empire of Illusion: The End of Literacy and the Triumph of Spectacle|We’ve bought into the idea that education is about training and “success”, defined monetarily, rather than learning to think critically and to challenge. We should not forget that the true purpose of education is to make minds, not careers. A culture that does not grasp the vital interplay between morality and power, which mistakes management techniques for wisdom, which fails to understand that the measure of a civilization is its compassion, not its speed or ability to consume, condemns itself to death.
Sebastian Faulks, Engleby|Life is an island in an ocean of solitude and seclusion.Life is an island, rocks are its desires, trees its dreams, and flowers its loneliness, and it is in the middle of an ocean of solitude and seclusion.Your life, my friend, is an island separated from all other islands and continents. Regardless of how many boats you send to other shores, you yourself are an island separated by its own pains,secluded its happiness and far away in its compassion and hidden in its secrets and mysteries.I saw you, my friend, sitting upon a mound of gold, happy in your wealth and great in your riches and believing that a handful of gold is the secret chain that links the thoughts of the people with your own thoughts and links their feeling with your own.I saw you as a great conqueror leading a conquering army toward the fortress, then destroying and capturing it.On second glance I found beyond the wall of your treasures a heart trembling in its solitude and seclusion like the trembling of a thirsty man within a cage of gold and jewels, but without water.I saw you, my friend, sitting on a throne of glory surrounded by people extolling your charity, enumerating your gifts, gazing upon you as if they were in the presence of a prophet lifting their souls up into the planets and stars. I saw you looking at them, contentment and strength upon your face, as if you were to them as the soul is to the body.On the second look I saw your secluded self standing beside your throne, suffering in its seclusion and quaking in its loneliness. I saw that self stretching its hands as if begging from unseen ghosts. I saw it looking above the shoulders of the people to a far horizon, empty of everything except its solitude and seclusion.I saw you, my friend, passionately in love with a beautiful woman, filling her palms with your kisses as she looked at you with sympathy and affection in her eyes and sweetness of motherhood on her lips; I said, secretly, that love has erased his solitude and removed his seclusion and he is now within the eternal soul which draws toward itself, with love, those who were separated by solitude and seclusion.On the second look I saw behind your soul another lonely soul, like a fog, trying in vain to become a drop of tears in the palm of that woman.Your life, my friend, is a residence far away from any other residence and neighbors.Your inner soul is a home far away from other homes named after you. If this residence is dark, you cannot light it with your neighbor's lamp; if it is empty you cannot fill it with the riches of your neighbor; were it in the middle of a desert, you could not move it to a garden planted by someone else.Your inner soul, my friend, is surrounded with solitude and seclusion. Were it not for this solitude and this seclusion you would not be you and I would not be I. If it were not for that solitude and seclusion, I would, if I heard your voice, think myself to be speaking; yet, if I saw your face, i would imagine that I were looking into a mirror.
Aristotle|If you want to test cosmetics, why do it on some poor animal who hasn't done anything? They should use prisoners who have been convicted of murder or rape instead. So, rather than seeing if perfume irritates a bunny rabbit's eyes, they should throw it in Charles Manson's eyes and ask him if it hurts.
Janet Evanovich|Ranger locked eyes with me. "Please," he said.Tank and Hal were goggle-eyed. They weren't used to "please." I wasn't used to it either. But I liked it. Okay," I said. "Be careful. He's insane.
Stephen King, The Dark Tower|Ronan," Noah said, "I have a super bad feeling.""It's called being dead," Ronan replied.
Brynn Myers, The Echoed Life of Jorja Graham|The underworld was made up of many different regions. Each area was its own private sector and not everyone who resided here was malevolent. Some beings here were virtuous, while others had yet to decide what they were - their fates having yet to be decided. Not all dark creatures were evil, just as not all light creatures were moral. Corbin and Quentin were the epitome of that dichotomy.
William Penn|I seem to be thinking rationally again in the style that is characteristic of scientists. However, this is not entirely a matter of joy, as if someone returned from physical disability to good physical health. One aspect of this is that rationality of thought imposes a limit on a person's concept of his relation to the cosmos.
Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living|Praise & esteem can feel good, which is fine, but don't look to them for inner peace & lasting happiness.
Sunday Adelaja|Find the right surroundings, the people who will help you to carry out your mission and realize your gift
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|I know you would like to blame the world, but the fact is that life is an 'up to you' thing.
Sunday Adelaja|When truth and honesty is absent in the nation, it relates not just to the politicians.
Travis Barker|It's very important to write things down instantly, or you can lose the way you were thinking out a line. I have a rule that if I wake up at 3 in the morning and think of something, I write it down.
Alexander Hamilton|God doesn't dwell in the wooden, stony or earthen idols. His abode is in our feelings, our thoughts.
Steve Merrick|The ultimate downfall of the computerized holographic receptionist was that there was no amount of flattery, flirtation or chocolate that could convince one to lie for you.
Lil Wayne|Two days after moving we recommended ourselves to God, Our Lord, and fled, hoping that, although it was late in the season and the fruits of the tunas were giving out, by remaining in the field we might still get over a good portion of the land.
OctavE Life|Life is filled with all goods and bads around each one of us,It's our rights to choose the path and we are responsible of all our deeds and consequences.
Terry Pratchett, Diggers|Yes, but nomes aren’t hard to make,” said Dorcas. “You just need other nomes.” “You’re weird.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|All things of the body stream away like a river, all things of the mind are dreams and delusion; life is warfare, and a visit to a strange land; the only lasting fame is oblivion.
Shannon L. Alder|You are not an option, a choice or a soft place to land after a long battle. You were meant to be the one. If you can wrap yourself around the idea that you are something incredible, then you will stop excusing behavior that rapes your very soul. You were never meant to teach someone to love you. You were meant to be loved.
Hillary Clinton|There is the love and marriage and family kind of happiness, which is exceedingly boring to describe but nonetheless is important to have and dreadful not to have.
Jed Diamond, Stress Relief for Men: How to Use the Revolutionary Tools of Energy Healing to Live Well|Anger is the only emotion many men allow themselves to express. Growing up, we are taught to avoid anything that is seen as the least bit feminine. We are taught that men 'do' while women 'feel.' We learn to keep all emotions under wraps, to see them as unmanly. We cannot show we are hurt, afraid, worried, or panicked. The feeling we are allowed to express without being called feminine is anger. When men experience IMS, anger is often the primary emotion.
Arthur Rimbaud|It is an illusion that youth is happy, an illusion of those who have lost it; but the young know they are wretched for they are full of the truthless ideal which have been instilled into them, and each time they come in contact with the real, they are bruised and wounded...
Marguerite Kaye, The Soldier's Dark Secret|Celeste." Jack grinned. "How every appropriate. An angel sent from heaven to relieve my boredom.""An artist sent from France to paint your brother's estate," she retorted."Touché'. In that case we should get down to business.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever gains good understanding, keeps God's commandment.
Karl Pilkington|There was some women in a café the other week that I was sat in, and she came up and she sat down with her mate and she was talkin' loudly goin' on about "oh the baby's lovely." They said it's got, er, lovely big eyes, er, really big hands and feet. Now that doesn't sound like a nice baby to me. I felt like sayin' it sounds like a frog. But I thought I don't know her, there's only so much you can say to a stranger. I don't know what kept me from sayin' it.
Rachel Cohn, You Know Where to Find Me|Life is like a race, whenever I found a finish line, I lose, bcoz I'm last.. :(
Nana Awere Damoah, Excursions in my Mind|Loss taught me the value of tears. Just as the rains come down to wash away debris and dust, tears unleashed can bring relief.
Jenn Bennett, Alex, Approximately|@mink: Well, you’re in luck, if you pick another movie. My hair is clean, I usually eat dinner around eight, and I’m currently single. Not that it matters.
Richard Rohr, Adam's Return: The Five Promises of Male Initiation|When I am not king, then THE Kingdom has its best chance of breaking through.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|Even in literature and art, no man who bothers about originality will ever be original: whereas if you simply try to tell the truth (without caring twopence how often it has been told before) you will, nine times out of ten, become original without ever having noticed it.
Jenny Lyn, Bite|I am Captain Dakkan. I am in charge of this facility.""Captain Dakkan," Ryan repeated. "It's good to meet you. I've heard... well... nothing about you...
Immanuel Kant, Critique of Pure Reason|His skin was a pretty colour, it made me jealous. Jacob noticed my scrutiny.What?" he asked, suddenly self-conscious."Nothing. I just hadn't realised before. Did you know, you're sort of beautiful?"Once the words slipped out, I worried that he might take my implusive observation the wrong way.But Jacob rolled his eyes. "You hit your head pretty hard, didn't you?" "I'm serious."Well, then, thanks. Sort of."I grinned. "You're sort of welcome.
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|Fred’s vacuum-rated armor protected him from the smell of viscera, but it reported it to him as a slight increase in atmospheric methane levels. The stench of death reduced to a data point.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|... the scarlet thread,the red clay from which we were made, runs in tiny streams through all our veins, reminding us of where we began...
Ron Hall|Most people want to be circled by safety, not by the unexpected. The unexpected can take you out. But the unexpected can also take you over and change your life. Put a heart in your body where a stone used to be.
Kristyn Van Cleave|Work hard, keep your nose clean, and just stick around.
Miranda A. Uyeh|Cut your big mountain into smaller hills, and then start to climb. Before you know it, you're done!
Misty May-Treanor|I've prioritized taking care of my mind, having fun, and doing things that make me laugh. And eating well - as in, really good food, like steak or pasta or fresh vegetables or an amazing dessert. You know, 'treat yo'self.'
Sam Cheever, 'Tween Heaven and Hell|K, boys, it’s shirts against skins. Lose ‘em,” Lucy said, pointing to the guys and ignoring Thad.“I beg your pardon?” Thad said, aghast.“Why do we have to be skins?” Josh complained.Lucy looked at Erin and they both shrugged and grabbed the hems of their shirts, preparing to haul them over their heads.“Whoa!” Sable said, covering his eyes immediately.“Wait,” Josh, Angelo, and Thad said at the same time.“Hell, yeah,” Blaze chimed in.The girls stopped right before they fully exposed their chest. “What? You guys act like none of you have ever seen a pair of boobs in a bra before. Josh saw mine a few hours ago and I know, for a fact, that three of you have seen hers outside the bra.” Lucy looked pointedly at Thad, Blaze, and Angelo.Erin’s head snapped in Josh’s direction. “JOSH!” she screeched, accidentally letting loose a snap of electricity.
Meredith Duran, Wicked Becomes You|He had turned into a dragon while he was asleep. Sleeping on a dragon's hoard with greedy, dragonish thoughts in his heart, he had become a dragon himself.
Dmitri Mendeleev|The only thing sadder than hateful people’s willingness to drag us down to their level, is our willingness to oblige.
N.T. Wright, Surprised by Hope: Rethinking Heaven, the Resurrection, and the Mission of the Church|The mind that becomes soiled in youth can never again be washed clean. I know this by my own experience, & to this day I cherish an unappeased bitterness against the unfaithful guardians of my young life, who not only permitted but compelled me to read an unexpurgated Bible through before I was 15 years old. None can do that and ever draw a clean sweet breath again on this side of the grave.
Kaui Hart Hemmings, The Descendants|Ben had never seen his mother cry before, and it startled him, so he didn't ask again. Right afterward she'd put on her favorite record and played a mysterious song called "Space Oddity," about an astronaut named Major Tom who gets lost in space. She used to listen to the song over and over again. With her eyes closed, she'd place the palm of her hand against the fabric of the speaker, so she could feel it vibrate against her skin.
Erik Tomblin, The Space Between|He knows different now. It's the living that chase the dead. The long bones and skulls are tumbled from their shrouds, and words like stones thrust into their rattling mouths: we edit their writings, we rewrite their lives. Thomas More had spread the rumor that Little Bilney, chained to the stake, had recanted as the fire was set. It wasn't enough for him to take Bilney's life away; he had to take his death too.
Barbara Sher, I Could Do Anything If I Only Knew What It Was: How to Discover What You Really Want and How to Get It|I believe one of the most sacrificial acts of love adoptive parents can do is to give up their preconceptions and agendas about what their child's views "should" be and be open to hear the conflicting emotions and thoughts their child often experiences.
Thomas Aquinas|Looking into the spirit of others is sometimes like looking into a pond. Though we aim to see what's deep in the bottom, we are often distracted by our own reflection.
Taiye Selasi, Ghana Must Go|So much of life, it seems, is determined by pure randomness.
Jeane Kirkpatrick|Traditional scientific method has always been at the very best, 20 - 20 hindsight. It's good for seeing where you've been. It's good for testing the truth of what you think you know, but it can't tell you where you ought to go.
A. Ashley Straker, Infected Connection|Simon shook his head. 'I don't want to be a hero. I'd rather abandon the technology altogether, sit on a hill and speak to my neighbours by smoke-signal.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|As much money and life as you could want! The two things most human beings would choose above all - the trouble is, humans do have a knack of choosing precisely those things that are worst for them.
Neil Gaiman, Fables and Reflections|I want the difficult stories, the ones that aren’t easy to believe, the twisted ones, the sorrowful ones, the ones that need telling most of all.
Eric Ludy, When God Writes Your Love Story: The Ultimate Approach to Guy/Girl Relationships|If you are longing for something more than the hit-and-run relationship cycle, something beautiful and meaningful in your life, then I'm going to lay it on the line. You must let go of the captain's position in your life and trust Him. You must give up the little you're hanging on to now to gain something infinitely greater. You must let go of the helm and let Him lead.
Tommy Caldwell|After graduating in the summer of 1980, I knew I wanted my life to count.
Thea Harrison, Dragos Goes to Washington|I'll make you eat those words.""You are very welcome to try," she whispered. Her attempt at cockiness had turned breathy and yearning. "Please, try very hard."A smile lit his hard features. "Trust me, that will be entirely my pleasure.
Gwen Stefani|But I just felt at one point that I was on a hamster wheel, you know? Just doing movie after movie and thinking so much about career related things and I think missing out on hanging with my friends and family as much I needed to.
Harry Truman|There is another life both for you and for me,’ said I. ‘If it be the will of God that we should sow in tears now, it is only that we may reap in joy hereafter. It is His will that we should not injure others by the gratification of our own earthly passions; and you have a mother, and sisters, and friends who would be seriously injured by your disgrace; and I, too, have friends, whose peace of mind shall never be sacrificed to my enjoyment, or yours either, with my consent; and if I were alone in the world, I have still my God and my religion, and I would sooner die than disgrace my calling and break my faith with heaven to obtain a few brief years of false and fleeting happiness—happiness sure to end in misery even here—for myself or any other!
|When you push yourself hard enough to be consistent with your positive endeavors, you would surely become a future living testimony of how beautiful life can be.
Lincoln Steffens|I was very aware of office politics because I was so baffled by them. So much so goes unsaid. No one says 'you're a cheeky so-and-so,' no one says 'you're so moody,' nobody ever confronts anyone else about anything. But I'm very crass, and I'm very confrontational, and I have a temper. I had to be hyper-vigilant in every office I worked in.
Will Ferrell|I bought a lot of rubbish things that kids buy: skateboards and clothes and typical teenage stuff. And, as soon as I could, I wasted a lot of money on cars - BMW's mostly - for myself and my family.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When we have suffered a little while, we are restored in strength.
Kristen Ashley, The Gamble|He put the knuckles of his fist to the table, leaned toward Niles and spoke quietly, cuttingly, in his rough, gravelly voice.“Fucked her last night, man, and this morning. Five times. Five. It was like she hadn’t been touched in a decade. So fuckin’ sweet. Damn,” he taunted, his eyes locked on Niles. “You’ve had her, you gotta know, not enough money in the world’s worth that.
Henry Mosquera, Space Fandango: Backstabber's Blues|I have a hard time trusting a person without a couple of murders on his record, Mr. Draedax.
Emily Gowor, The Inspirational Messenger: The 5 Pillars to Becoming Inspirational in Everything You Do|Rich in Happiness is about choosing new perspectives, new habits, and a new emotional future.
Karl Lagerfeld|The French say you get hungry when you’re eating, and I get inspired when I’m working. It’s my engine
Ralph Ellison, Invisible Man|Perhaps everyone loved someone; I didn't now, I couldn't give much thought to love; in order to travel far you had to be detached, and I had the long road back to the campus before me.
David C. Holley, Write like no one is reading|I ate a lot of candy and engaged in light stalking: I prowled Blythe’s Instagram and Twitter, I read her reviews, considered photos of her baked goods and watched from a distance as she got on her soapbox – at one point bragging she was the only person she knew who used her real name and profession online. As my fascination mounted, and my self-loathing deepened, I reminded myself that there are worse things than rabid bloggers (cancer, for instance) and that people suffer greater degradations than becoming writers. But still, I wanted to respond.
Jesse Williams|I'd visit the near future, close enough that someone might want to talk to Larry Niven and can figure out the language; distant enough to get me decent medical techniques and a ticket to the Moon.
Richard Carlson, You Can Be Happy No Matter What: Five Principles for Keeping Life in Perspective|It is our ability to forget our problems, through the process of thought, rather than the passage of time, that frees us from the circumstances of our past.
Caroline Mitchell, Don't Turn Around|Hell, I've always like the man," he said now. "Until he became involved with my wife.
Kin Hubbard|When we rebuild a house, we are rebuilding a home. When we recover from disaster, we are rebuilding lives and livelihoods.
Matt Cameron|A wonderful acting teacher I love, Josh Pais, has a system I love for being in the moment in acting, but also in life. And one of the things he reminds me of is to take a moment and just be here now.
Munia Khan|If you are a finger, your honesty is the hand to make your existence worth living.
Tamora Pierce, Wild Magic|If you look hard and long, you can find us. If you listen hard and long, you can hear any of us, call any of us that you wish.
Claire Denis|If you do cardio one day and the next day you can do weights, do it that way. If you need to do it at night or in the morning, do it that way. Whatever you need to get it done, just get it done.
Emily Dickinson|Look back on Time, with kindly eyes -He doubtless did his best -How softly sinks that trembling sunIn Human Nature's West -
Charles Bukowski|Style is the answer to everything.A fresh way to approach a dull or dangerous thingTo do a dull thing with style is preferable to doing a dangerous thing without itTo do a dangerous thing with style is what I call artBullfighting can be an artBoxing can be an artLoving can be an artOpening a can of sardines can be an artNot many have styleNot many can keep styleI have seen dogs with more style than men,although not many dogs have style.Cats have it with abundance.When Hemingway put his brains to the wall with a shotgun,that was style.Or sometimes people give you styleJoan of Arc had styleJohn the BaptistJesusSocratesCaesarGarcía Lorca.I have met men in jail with style.I have met more men in jail with style than men out of jail.Style is the difference, a way of doing, a way of being done.Six herons standing quietly in a pool of water,or you, naked, walking out of the bathroom without seeing me.
Agatha Christie, The Mysterious Affair at Styles|Some of us -" She paused as she sought the words. " - don't die unless we want to. The selfish ones never do.
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|Two blind men waited at the end of an era, contemplating beauty.
Karan Mahajan|I think Operation Smile is in more than 22 countries, mostly Third World. It just happened that my schedule opened up at the time they were heading to Vietnam.
Steven Magee|As humanity progresses its technology on a global level, the observed degradation of natural processes and growth cycles are the alarm systems that nature uses to alert us that some of this progress is biologically toxic.
André Aciman, Call Me by Your Name|May you find what you are searching for, my friend.– I already have and lost it in the finding.
Simone de Beauvoir|What do you believe in ?""People's sufferings, and the fact that it is abominable. One should do everything to abolish it. To tell you the truth, nothing else seems to me of any importance.
Kaylea Cross, Extinguished|I miss him,” she whispered, her voice cracking. His heart constricted at the grief on her face. “I know, honey.” He lifted a hand to stroke the soft waves of her hair. A soothing, reassuring gesture, but to him it meant so much more. His muscles knotted with the need to cup her face between his hands and kiss her the way he’d been dying to for so long. He wanted to kiss away the sadness and the grief, replace it with the heat and tenderness burning inside him.
S. E. Smith|What I didn't say was that each time I picked up a German dictionary or a German book, the very sight of those dense, black, barbed-wire letters made my mind shut like a clam.
Annie Dillard, The Maytrees|No one, in the end, made it out of this life alive.
Ethan Zohn|When you're fearful, you stumble.
David Brooks|I dressed up like a crazy pharaoh you, man!
Buddha|Finance is not merely about making money. It's about achieving our deep goals and protecting the fruits of our labor. It's about stewardship and, therefore, about achieving the good society.
Anaïs Nin|Out of worship and out of love he would let no one light the stove for her either, as if he would be the warmth and the fire to dry and warm her feet.
George "GM64" Mercado|Life is a series of moments and moments are always changing, just like thoughts, negative and positive.
Theodore Sturgeon, The Complete Stories of Theodore Sturgeon, Volume III: Killdozer!|Why do you talk all the time?” I asked. It was a rhetorical question, but she cocked her head on one side and considered it carefully.“I think it’s ’cause I don’t know any big words, like you and Mummy,” she said, just in time to pull me out of my magazine again, “so I have to use lots and lots of little ones.
David Iserson, Firecracker|You know power is the best thing in the world because as soon as you have it, everyone is trying to take it from you.No one is ever trying to take your friends away, so that's how you know they're less important.
Alan Weisman, The World Without Us|Paranormalists, however, insist that our minds are transmitters that, with special effort, can focus like lasers to communicate across great distances, and even make things happen. That may seem far-fetched, but it's also a definition of prayer.
Swami Satchidananda, The Yoga Sutras|[C]ontinence is a very important part of yoga. If a handful of people come forward with strong wills, nothing is impossible. One Buddha changed half the globe; one Jesus, three quarters of the world. We all have that capacity. (140)
Joshua Braff, The Unthinkable Thoughts of Jacob Green|Am dining at Goldini's Restaurant, Gloucester Road, Kensington. Please come at once and join me there. Bring with you a jemmy, a dark lantern, a chisel, and a revolver. S. H." It was a nice equipment for a respectable citizen to carry through the dim, fog-draped streets.
Jenny Lyn, Saving Sydney|Her brother really was devastatingly handsome in a disheveled, wise-ass sort of way. Females followed him around like he was the Pied Piper of sex. Sydney constantly cautioned him about his choice in women and using protection. After all, he came from wealth. That made him ripe pickings to be some money hungry girl's sugar daddy. Especially since he went through those women like toilet paper.
Octavio Paz|Poetry is one of the oldest of all art forms, and one of its powers for shamans and tribal leaders was the mnemonic.
Kurt Eichenwald, Conspiracy of Fools: A True Story|A eureka moment. It suddenly struck Mintz as so obvious. The executives entrusted with reviewing all of the LJM transactions- Causey, Buy, the board- approached their duties casually, giving everything just the onceover. They seemed to figure that somebody else was doing the tough analysis. But no one was.p.389
Matshona Dhliwayo|Keep negative people in your prayers, not in your life.
Mark Samuels, Best New Horror 15|Captain! You can't hold them off! I tried! I swear! They've been artificially enhanced, sir! But all the humans died out - there's bones out there by the millions! They were all suffocated by cuteness! The World is full of kiitens, oh the horror!'My God,' Hadrian said. "They've finally did it! All those oh-so-cute-my-cuddy-kittens-here's-a-pic bastards! They finally went and did it!
Dawn Gluskin|The Universe has your back. Instead of trying to control the outcome, just enjoy the journey.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|Heaven is thine and so it's mine. Elated, I cannot give to thee but receive it sublime. And if it's there to shine for all to see,.. Vast sea of love for us to seize. Ease the pain with a sweet kiss, water the Flowers...No shadows of a perfect bliss but the sunshine of ours.
Karl Lagerfeld|Forgiveness is too easy. I can forget by indifference, but not forgive. I prefer revenge.
Dave Eggers|The one place where a man ought to get a square deal is in a court-room, be he any colour of the rainbow, but people have way to carrying their resentments right into a jury box.
Bette Davis|Discipline is a symbol of caring to a child.He needs guidance.If there is love, there is no such thing as being too tough with a child. A parent must also not be afraid to hang himself. If you have never been hated by your child, you have never been a parent.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|If I don't write every single day, I feel like I am off balance. My mind does not work correctly. I actually feel a sensation like an ache going on inside me equivalent to when a person misses a loved one.
Francesca Zappia, Made You Up|What you loved as a child, you will love forever
John Steinbeck|Literature was not promulgated by a pale and emasculated critical priesthood singing their litanies in empty churches - nor is it a game for the cloistered elect, the tinhorn mendicants of low calorie despair.Literature is as old as speech. It grew out of human need for it, and it has not changed except to become more needed.The skalds, the bards, the writers are not separate and exclusive. From the beginning, their functions, their duties, their responsibilities have been decreed by our species.--speech at the Nobel Banquet at the City Hall in Stockholm, December 10, 1962
Samuel Johnson, A Dictionary of the English Language: an Anthology|He listened to her with perfect indifference while she chose to entertain herself in this manner; and as his composure convinced her that all was safe, her wit flowed long.
Scott A. Borgman|CharityIn charity lies happiness and bliss,If you haven’t done charity, you may miss,The power to love and share,Charity gives you happiness beyond compare.
Meg Cabot, Ninth Key|It didn't feel sporting to shoot at a crazy person, even if that person was a vampire who'd agreed to the job.
Thomas Ligotti, The Conspiracy Against the Human Race|What's so magical about solitude? In many fields, it's only when you're alone that you can engage in deliberate practice. This is the key to exceptional achievement.
Derric Yuh Ndim|The most important thinganyone who is looking at a career, especially students, can do is toremember that strengthening and developing your employ-abilityis your personal responsibility.
Mildred D. Taylor, Roll of Thunder, Hear My Cry|White ain't nothing.'Mama's grip did not lessen. 'It is something, Cassie. White is something just like black is something. Everybody born on this Earth is something, and nobody, no matter what color is better than anybody else.''Then how come Mr. Simms don't know that.''Because he's one of those people who has to believe that white people are better than black people to make himself feel big.' I stared questionably at Mama, not really understanding.Mama squeezed my hadn't and explained further, 'You see, Cassie, many years ago, when our people were fist brought from Africa in chains to work as slaves in this country--''Like Big Ma's Papa and Mama?'Mama nodded. "Yes, baby. Like Papa Luke and Mama Rachel. Except they were born right here is Mississippi, but their grandparents were born in Africa. And when they came, there was some white people who thought that is was wrong for any people to be slaves. So the people who needed slaves to work in their fields and the people who were making money bringing slaves from Africa preached that black people weren't really people like white people were, so slavery was all right. They also said that slavery was good for us because it thought us to be good Christians, like the white people.' She sighed deeply, her voice fading into a distant whisper, 'But they didn't teach us Christianity to save our souls, but to teach us obedience. They were afraid of slave revolts and they wanted us to learn the Bible's teachings about slaves being loyal to their masters. But even teaching Christianity didn't make us stop wanting to be free, and many slaves ran away.”...She was silent for a moment, then went on. 'Well, after a while, slavery became so profitable to people who had slaves and even to those who didn't that most people started to believe that black people weren't really people like everybody else. And when the Civil War was fought, and Mama Rachel and Papa Luke and all the other slaves were freed, people continued to think that way. Even the Northeners who fought the war didn't really see us equal to white people.'So, now, even though seventy years have passed since slavery, most white people still think of us as they did then, that we're not as good as they are. And people like Mr. Simms hold onto that belief harder than some other folks because they have little else to hold onto. For him to believe that he is better than we are makes him think that he's important, simply because he's white.
Amy Layne Litzelman|My words shouldn’t be trophies to look at, but seeds to continue the cycle of Life.
C.M. Stunich, Losing Me, Finding You|The Founders believed, and the Conservative agrees, in the dignity of the individual; that we, as human beings, have a right to live, live freely, and pursue that which motivates us not because man or some government says so, but because these are God-given natural rights.
Cinda Williams Chima, The Exiled Queen|You didn't have to go to the fireworks with him. Or - or let him fondle you.""Fondle?" Raisa raised her eyebrows, "When did I mention fondling?
Anonymous|When Shakespeare is charged with debts to his authors  Landor replies  "Yet he was more original than his originals. He breathed upon dead bodies and brought them into life."
D'Andre Lampkin|...unlike knowledge, understanding cannot be taught. It must be achieved.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|I stumbled out into the courtyard to try to flee my misery, but of course we can never flee the misery that is within us.
Dom Hubert Van Zeller, We Die Standing Up|Whether you are in an eight-hundred-square-foot home or living in a dream house on a lake, contentment is found on the way.
Terry Spear, The Winged Fae|Oh, what had she done?"He'd startled her; that was the problem. It was all his fault he was lying on the ground, looking rather cherub like, his blond hair curling about his ears, his bright blue eyes closed now, his masculine lips parted slightly as he slept the sleep of the dead.She studied his masculine lips. And thought just how much havoc she could wreak if she kissed him. Served him right for startling her so.Without analyzing whether she should do it, and just because she could, she pressed her mouth against his and gently kissed his lips, meaning only to give a quick peck and that was it.... His lips curved up under hers and for a second, she thought he was awake, smiling at her kissing him....Her thoughts reverted to the kiss and immediately the human faery tale Sleeping Beauty and the prince giving the princess a kiss to wake her sprang to mind. Why ever did humans make up such nonsense anyway?
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Most of the times, reason for unhappiness is desiring for the things which are far from fulfilling our expectations.
Michael Chabon|You need three things to become a successful novelist: talent, luck and discipline. Discipline is the one element of those three things that you can control, and so that is the one that you have to focus on controlling, and you just have to hope and trust in the other two.
Renee Conoulty, Don't Mean a Thing|My feet were keeping in time with the music, but my heart was pounding out a different rhythm altogether.
Philip Pullman, The Amber Spyglass|So I have just one wish for you – the good luck to be somewhere where you are free to maintain the kind of integrity I have described, and where you do not feel forced by a need to maintain your position in the organization, or financial support, or so on, to lose your integrity. May you have that freedom.
Richard Adams|The power to assimilate crude inorganic matter as it is found in the soil, and convert it into living protoplasm and other organic substances, or to use such substances in performing physiological function, does not belong to the animal organism. It is the office of plant life or vegetation to convert the primary elements from their crude inorganic state into the organic state. This conversion cannot be accomplished by any synthetic process known to the laboratory. After the plant has raised the crude inorganic matter of the soil into plant protoplasm, the animal may take these and raise them to a still higher plane—that of animal protoplasm. But the animal cannot do the work of the plant. He must get his food either directly or indirectly from the plant kingdom. That is, the animal must either eat the plant or its fruits, or he must eat the animal that has eaten the plant. Food must be in the organic form. Air and water form the only exceptions to this rule.
Michael Morse|She is my "Soul Dog" and I totally get it now.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|Things were rather larger, more obvious and rougher on the American side, but the issues were essentially the same. The general public voted and demonstrated, but its voting seemed to lead to nothing. It felt that things were done behind its back and over its head but it could never understand clearly how. It never seemed able to get sound news out of its newspapers nor good faith out of its politicians. It resisted, it fumbled, it was becoming more and more suspicious and sceptical, but it was profoundly confused and ill-informed.
Sivaprakash Sidhu Sivaprakash Gopal sivaprakash sidhu|Because in life, knowledge is only part of the battle. WITHOUT ACTION, KNOWLEDGE IS OFTEN MEANINGLESS. As Aristotle put it, to be excellent we cannot simply think or feel excellent, we must act excellently. Yet the action required to follow through on what we know is often the hardest part.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Only the beautiful can acknowledge all that is beautiful, and only the ugly can acknowledge all that is ugly as being beautiful.
Galit Breen, Kindness Wins|I think our natural disposition as humans is to plod along until we get old and stop. But with social media, we've created a stage for constant artificial high drama.
Patrick Rothfuss|The problem with a lot of people who read only literary fiction is that they assume fantasy is just books about orcs and goblins and dragons and wizards and bullshit. And to be fair, a lot of fantasy is about that stuff.The problem with people in fantasy is they believe that literary fiction is just stories about a guy drinking tea and staring out the window at the rain while he thinks about his mother. And the truth is a lot of literary fiction is just that. Like, kind of pointless, angsty, emo, masturbatory bullshit.However, we should not be judged by our lowest common denominators. And also you should not fall prey to the fallacious thinking that literary fiction is literary and all other genres are genre. Literary fiction is a genre, and I will fight to the death anyone who denies this very self-evident truth.So, is there a lot of fantasy that is raw shit out there? Absolutely, absolutely, it’s popcorn reading at best. But you can’t deny that a lot of lit fic is also shit. 85% of everything in the world is shit. We judge by the best. And there is some truly excellent fantasy out there. For example, Midsummer Night’s Dream; Hamlet with the ghost; Macbeth, ghosts and witches; I’m also fond of the Odyessey; Most of the Pentateuch in the Old Testament, Gargantua and Pantagruel.Honestly, fantasy existed before lit fic, and if you deny those roots you’re pruning yourself so closely that you can’t help but wither and die.
Andrea Dworkin|I’ve read Hamlet, I know men suffer.
Karen A. Duncan, Healing from the Trauma of Childhood Sexual Abuse: The Journey for Women|One possibility is just to tag along with the fantasists in government and industry who would have us believe that we can pursue our ideals of affluence, comfort, mobility, and leisure indefinitely. This curious faith is predicated on the notion that we will soon develop unlimited new sources of energy: domestic oil fields, shale oil, gasified coal, nuclear power, solar energy, and so on. This is fantastical cause the basic cause of the energy crisis is not scarcity; it is moral ignorance and weakness of character. We don't know how to use energy, or what to use it for. And we cannot restrain ourselves. Our time is characterized as much by the abuse and waste of human energy as it is by the abuse and waste of fossil fuel energy. Nuclear power, if we are to believe its advocates, is presumably going to be well used by the same mentality that has egregiously devalued and misapplied man- and womanpower. If we had an unlimited supply of solar or wind power, we would use that destructively, too, for the same reasons.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|Never let yourself be persuaded that any one Great Man, any one leader, is necessary to the salvation of America. When America consists of one leader and 158 million followers, it will no longer be America.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|Once a sarriyal, always a sarriyal, she thought.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|Hope comes in the form of synchronicities. When one even occurs and is followed by another, which is in complete alignment with the first, we sense we are not alone. We know, intuitively throughout our beings, that what we are experiencing is the universe lovingly embracing us.
William Gibson, Spook Country|That's something that tends to happen with new technologies generally: The most interesting applications turn up on a battlefield, or in a gallery.
Mandy J. Hoffman|One of the most glorious, yet tragic, things about being human was that, sometimes, you just had to learn things for yourself. Call it a flaw, call it a blessing, call it life. If everyone learned from everyone else’s mistakes, the world would be perfect.
Banana Yoshimoto, Kitchen|But if a person hasn't ever experienced true despair, she grows old never knowing how to evaluate where she is in life; never understanding what joy really is. I'm grateful for it.
Murray Gell-Mann|Today the network of relationships linking the human race to itself and to the rest of the biosphere is so complex that all aspects affect all others to an extraordinary degree. Someone should be studying the whole system, however crudely that has to be done, because no gluing together of partial studies of a complex nonlinear system can give a good idea of the behavior of the whole. 
Peter Watts, Blindsight|Our brains contain one hundred billion nerve cells (neurons). Each neuron makes links with ten thousand other neurons to form an incredible three dimensional grid. This grid therefore contains a thousand trillion connections - that's 1,000,000,000,000,000 (a quadrillion). It's hard to imagine this, so let's visualise each connection as a disc that's 1mm thick. Stack up the quadrillion discs on top of each other and they will reach the sun (which is ninety-three million miles from the earth) and back, three times over.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|Meditation is not thinking about the image of a person of the past. It is more about focusing and channelizing the power of your emotions and imagination for fulfilling a bigger dream - the dream that will bring more life, energy peace, happiness and meaning to you and the society.
Mike Ditka|The night before I compete, I like to have steak. Meat is especially important for female athletes because it provides them with the nutrients they need to perform at their best.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Surrender|To live content with small means; to seek elegance rather than luxury, and refinement rather than fashion; to be worthy, not respectable, and wealthy, not rich; to listen to stars and birds, babes and sages, with open heart; to study hard; to think quietly, act frankly, talk gently, await occasions, hurry never; in a word, to let the spiritual, unbidden and unconscious, grow up through the common - this is my symphony.
Craig Groeschel|Remorse (I did it) is an easy, passive, human reaction, there is no value in it and it changes nothing. Repentance (I will not do it again) is the difficult call to action in a redeemed heart. It has an eternal impact and it can change everything.
Douglas Adams, Young Zaphod Plays It Safe|OK, so the guy is cool, but... I mean own up, this is barking time, this is major lunch, this is stool approaching critical mass, this is... this is... total vocabulary failure!
Kiana Davenport, Shark Dialogues|How do you know when it's over?" "Maybe when you reach a paradoxical state-hating to love someone
Jamie Farrell, Matched|That was his biggest regret. He loved playing for aliving, loved hearing his songs on the radio, loved being on a stage and the road, but some days, he wouldn’t have minded going home every night to a sweet wife and a couple babies and fried chicken on the table. That was what Lindsey had taken from him. He’d fallen hard. He’d seen what his momma must’ve felt for his daddy, he’d felt his world crack right down the middle when the girl who hadbecome his everything ripped his heart out of his chest.
Cherise Sinclair, Edge of the Enforcer|Michael looked embarrassed. “No, I don’t really… I mean in real life, I don’t do that. I read BDSM once in a while, but honestly, I prefer the sweeter romances.”“Sure. I believe you. Bondage Ben.”“Stop it.” Michael laughed.“Cracky McCracken.” James flicked an invisible whip.“I am not! I’m more like Nick Normal.”“Nipple Clamp Ned.”“Vince Vanilla.”James gave him a dubious look and snorted. “I doubt that very much.”Michael shrugged with an evil little smile. “Well, maybe not entirely vanilla.
George F. Butler, Every Girl's Book|The greatest duty of mankind lies in the proper uprearing of our children. The fact is recognized, but is the duty fulfilled? Do we rear our children as we should? There is but one answer: We fail. Teaching them many things for their good, we yet keep from them ignorantly, foolishly, with a hesitancy and neglect unpardonable—knowledge, the possession of which is essential for their future welfare.
Julius Erving|Many movies about people recovering, moving on, and redeeming themselves are really wonderful and inspiring. But I think the more sentimental ones that are less good make me feel isolated - like, if you can't pull yourself up by your bootstraps like the guys in the movies, there is something wrong with you. That's a shame.
John Henry Jowett|It's a good thing to see that people can heal after they've been broken, that they can change and become something different from what they were before.
Jalaluddin Rumi, Masnavi I Ma'navi|Peygamber dedi: 'Kadın akıllılara ve gönül sahiplerine tam galip gelir. Cahillerse kadına üstün olur, çünkü onlar sert ve serkeş davranır.' İncelik, letafet ve insaf onlarda az bulunur, çünkü tabiatlarında hayvanlık galiptir. Sevgi ve incelik, insanlık vasfıdır. Öfke ve şehvet, hayvanlık vasfıdır. O, Hakk'ın ışığıdır; sevgili değil. O, sanki yaratıcıdır; yaratılmış değildir.
Kele Moon, Crossing the Line|Hero love?” I was puzzled. “You know. The kind of love you have for someone you want to be like: Marines, astronauts, cowboys, teachers, big brothers, that sort of thing. You love them because they represent the you that you want to be.
Victor Villanueva, Bootstraps: From an American Academic of Color|I meet them in this stadium, strangers at opposing desks until I wave my red flag.
Jean Vanier, Community And Growth|A growing community must integrate three elements: a life of silent prayer, a life of service and above all of listening to the poor, and a community life through which all its members can grow in their own gift.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Creativity is just about connecting things. A whole lot of nonsense put together, and diluted with a creative passion can eventually make sense. Keep thinking. Exploring. Keep trying out new ways and methods of doing things and just when you least expect, you may stumble on that next great world-changing idea that will make all the difference.
Stevie Smith, Selected Poems|Unpopular, lonely and loving, Elinor need not trouble, For if she were not so loving, She would not be so miserable.
Bertrand Russell|The belief that personality is mysterious and irreducible has no scientific warrant, and is accepted chiefly because it is flattering to our human self esteem.
Elif Shafak, The Bastard of Istanbul|...when women survive an awful marriage or love affair, and all that shit, they generally avoid another relationship for quite some time. With men, however, it is just the opposite; the moment they finish a catastrophe they start looking for another one. Men are incapable of being alone.
Cari Z., Making It Work|I don't want complicated. I don't want forever. I just want simple. No strings.I'm offering you exactly what you want. No-strings, no-shame, no-limits, no-complications, wicked-good sex. Complete with a agreed-upon end date, a vow of secrecy, and an eight-thousand-mile anti-stalking guarantee when it's over.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|The human mind works at low efficiency. Twenty percent is the figure usually given. When, momentarily, there is a flash of greater power, it is termed a hunch, or insight, or intuition.
Elizabeth Reaser|I don't live with people, that's why my relationships last. I'm not romantic. Even when I was a teenager if somebody asked if they could hold my hand I'd say, - no, it's not heavy, I can hold it myself, thank you'.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|Winter is icummen in,Lhude sing Goddamm,Raineth drop and staineth slopAnd how the wind doth ramm!Sing: Goddamm.Skiddeth bus and sloppeth us,An ague hath my ham.Freezeth river, turneth liverDamn you, sing: Goddamm.Goddamm, Goddamm, tis why I am,Goddamm.So 'gainst the winter's balmSing Goddamm, damm, sing GoddammSing Goddamm, sing Goddamm,DAMM.
Herbert Marcuse|Art breaks open a dimension inaccessible to other experience, a dimension in which human beings, nature, and things no longer stand under the law of the established reality principle...The encounter with the truth of art happens in the estranging language and images which make perceptible, visible, and audible that which is no longer, or not yet, perceived, said, and heard in everyday life.
Vladimir Nabokov|Love seeks one thing only: the good of the one loved. It leaves all the other secondary effects to take care of themselves. Love, therefore, is its own reward.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Now, Joyce being Joyce, he has about five different purposes, one not being enough for genius.
Blair Underwood|For people who have heart disease, statins are great. But if all you've had is high cholesterol, what you're doing is taking this 1/100 chance of getting a benefit and offsetting it with 1/200 chance of getting diabetes.
Frédéric Gros, A Philosophy of Walking|Walking: it hits you at first like an immense breathing in the ears. You feel the silence as if it were a great fresh wind blowing away clouds. There’s the silence of woodland. Clumps and groves of trees form shifting, uncertain walls around us. We walk along existing paths, narrow winding strips of beaten earth. We quickly lose our sense of direction. That silence is tremulous, uneasy. Then there’s the silence of tough summer afternoon walks across the flank of a mountain, stony paths, exposed to an uncompromising sun.
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|Skye kissed her forehead. "You saved my life."Katsa smiled. "You Lienid are very outward in your affection.""I'm going to name my firstborn child after you."Katsa laughed at that. "For the child's sake, wait for a girl. Or even better, wait until all your children are older and give my name to whichever is the most troublesome and obstinate."Skye burst into laughter and hugged her, and Katsa returned his embrace. And realized that quite without her intending it, her guarded heart had made another friend.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|When you love someone - when you create a child with him - you don't just suddenly lose that bond. Like any other energy, it can't be destroyed, just channeled into something else.
Kate Mullane Robertson|have a mind so quiet, that you can hear doves whispering as they rest their wings in the rafters your silent sanctuary
Jennifer Estep, Deadly Sting|I embraced that hope for a moment, grabbed onto it with both hands, and held it close like the rare treasure it was. Then I let go of it, let it float away like a butterfly on a bright day, because the darkest part of the night was yet to come, and there was no place for it here.
C. N. Lester|Gender is a shell game. What is a man? Whatever a woman isn't. What is a woman? Whatever a man is not, Tap on it and it's hollow. Look under the shells: it's not there.
Charlie Brooker|Must be frustrating being a scientist. There you are, incrementally discovering how the universe works via a series of complex tests and experiments, for the benefit of all mankind - and what thanks do you get? People call you "egghead" or "boffin" or "heretic", and they cave your face in with a rock and bury you out in the wilderness. Not literally - not in this day and age - but you get the idea. Scientists are mistrusted by huge swathes of the general public, who see them as emotionless lab-coated meddlers-with-nature rather than, say, fellow human beings who've actually bothered getting off their arses to work this shit out. 
Bertolt Brecht, Mother Courage and Her Children|He says he'd like to kiss the ground you walk on-reminds me, did you wash them yesterday?- and after that you're his skivvy.
Roald Dahl|A person is a fool to become a writer. His only compensation is absolute freedom. He has no master except his own soul, and that, I am sure, is why he does it
Amanda  Carlson, Freed|You’re just doing what you gotta do,” Sam assured me. “You can’t leave here, and you can’t have them worried. It’s not like you can say, “Hey, Mom and Dad, I was struck by lightning and now I’m a Valkyrie! Oh, and Odin’s my real dad, and the Norns are out to get me, but have no fear because my boyfriend is a wolf!
Gary Vaynerchuk|Any son of a dictator, I'm sure, has major issues with their relationship with their father.
Debasish Mridha|Let your love be your guide. Let your courage be your driver, and let your passion be your road to enjoy this magnificent life to the fullest.
Idries Shah, The Dermis Probe|Sufi Teachers are not, as you might hope, people who make you feel peace and harmony.
Veronica Randolph Batterson, Daniel's Esperanza|When you turn around, you'll see something I bet you've never seen before. If it takes your breath away, then you'll fit in nicely. If you don't feel anything, then maybe you don't belong here.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Circle of Quiet|It is ... through the world of the imagination which takes us beyond the restrictions of provable fact, that we touch the hem of truth.
Tom Peters|You know, I'm just not going to get into American politics.
Loren D. Estleman, Gas City|In 1914, Franz Ferdinand, the Austrian imperial heir, was shot and killed by a Serbian nationalist in Sarajevo. Do you know the motive behind the act?It was in retaliation for the subjugation of the Sebs in Austria.It was not.Franz Ferdinand had stated his intention to introduce reforms favorable to the Serbs in his empire. Had he survived to ascend the throne, he would have made a revolution unnecessary. In plain terms, he was killed because he was going to give the rebels what they were shouting for. They needed a despot in the palace in order to seize it.What's good for reform is bad for the reformers
George Allen, Sr.|Leadership is not about a title or a designation. It's about impact, influence and inspiration. Impact involves getting results, influence is about spreading the passion you have for your work, and you have to inspire team-mates and customers.
Indu Muralidharan, The Reengineers|I hated this love that I had for my family—love that demanded my time and energy, that sought to control my life down to every thought and action.I now realize that it was not love but an unhealthy attachment, born out of a need for security and a sense of duty.
Charlie Huston, Already Dead|One day, when I am a braver man, I will tell her these things, and then I will look her in the eye tell her I love her and ask her to be only mine. But until that day, we're just friends.
Mahrukh|Most of us will die twice; Once when we take our last breath, and again when the world forgets your name.
Frederick William Robertson|I'm not an artist, and I want to take risks, and when the possibility of failure occurs, it's because the idea is all exciting or interesting as a high wire act, and sometimes you've got to fall off, just by virtue of the fact that you're constantly trying to evolve and do new things.
Robert Jordan|Kyubey: ...Oh, geez. I never would have thought you capable of throwing your friend off a bridge. That wasn't a sane act, Madoka!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Use fear to become braver, pain to become stronger, trials to become wiser, and misfortune to become better.
Terry Pratchett, The Wee Free Men|Witches are naturally nosy,” said Miss Tick, standing up. “Well, I must go. I hope we shall meet again. I will give you some free advice, though.”“Will it cost me anything?”“What? I just said it was free!” said Miss Tick.“Yes, but my father said that free advice often turns out to be expensive,” said Tiffany.Miss Tick sniffed. “You could say this advice is priceless,” she said, “Are you listening?”“Yes,” said Tiffany.“Good. Now...if you trust in yourself...”“Yes?”“...and believe in your dreams...”“Yes?”“...and follow your star...” Miss Tick went on.“Yes?”“...you’ll still be beaten by people who spent their time working hard and learning things and weren’t so lazy. Goodbye.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|If your focus is on your failures, limitations, & fears, you've one sure destination. You'll get drowned. If not now, at the end of the day!
Myles Hickmond|Insecurities are like mosquitos, you try to get rid of them but they still come back.
Mary Ellen Hannibal, Citizen Scientist: Searching for Heroes and Hope in an Age of Extinction|Everything was insanely alive, now you see it, now you don't. I thought, it's the light, it's the water, it's changing every second, it's always doing this whether I'm here to witness it or not.
Bauvard, The Prince Of Plungers|Injuries heal, but wrinkles are the scars of time.
W. Clement Stone|Anyone who has lost track of time when using a computer knows the propensity to dream, the urge to make dreams come true and the tendency to miss lunch.
Todd Stocker|Before marriage, you lose your virginity. After marriage, you get to give it away. Which would you rather experience?
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|The opposite of Nazi is neither Republican nor Democrat, conservative or liberal. Totalitarianism's diametric opposite of is Libertarianism.
Syed Muhammad Naquib al-Attas, Islam and Secularism|When the man, by means if 'ibadat, succeeded in curbing his animal and canal passions and has thereby rendered submissive his animal soul,making it subject to the rational soul, the man thus described has attained to freedom and existence;he has achieved supreme peace and his soul is pacified, being set at liberty, as it were, free from fetters of inexorable fate and the noisy strife and hell of human vices.
Debasish Mridha|Consciousness is very personal like happiness, sadness, or awareness. You can only feel it and you cannot see it. It does not follow any quantum rules. It has no weight or dimension and does not occupy any space. Consciousness has no beginning and no end.
Cathy Caruth, Unclaimed Experience: Trauma, Narrative and History|If Freud turns to literature to describe traumatic experience, it is because literature, like psychoanalysis, is interested in the complex relation between knowing and not knowing, and it is at this specific point at which knowing and not knowing intersect that the psychoanalytic theory of traumatic experience and the language of literature meet.
Henrietta Newton Martin, Rudiments of International Humanitarian Law|The question, he (Lincoln) said over and over, is not what a man's particular abilities may be, but what his rights are as a human being made in God's image.
Maria Cantwell|Impeachment must not be a raw exercise of political power in which the House impeaches whoever it wishes for any reason it deems sufficient. Indeed, it is the solemn duty of all of the members of the House in any impeachment case to exercise their judgment faithfully within the confines established by our Constitution.
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|You can't be gone. I need you here, with me. What am I going to do without you?
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|Inside each of us resides the truth, I began, the absolute truth. But sometimes the truth is hidden in a hall of mirrors. Sometimes we believe we are viewing the real thing, when in fact we are viewing a facsimile, a distortion.
Todd Crawshaw, Exploits of the Satyr|Was intelligence an inevitability, a consequence of evolution? Bacteria succeeded without a brain, possessing survival skills that rivaled their biological hosts. So why should a creature of higher intelligence expect to do better? Humans were on the verge of being replaced by their hybrid creations. How intelligent was that?
José Ortega y Gasset, Man and People|To meditate is to sail a course, to navigate, among problems many of which we are in the process of clearing up. After each one looms another, whose shores are even more attractive, more suggestive. Certainly, it requires strength and perseverance to get to windward of problems, but there is no greater delight than to reach new shores, and even to sail, as Camoëns says, “through seas that keel has never cut before.” If you will now open a bank-account of attention for me, I foretell sun-smitten landscapes and promise archipelagoes.
Julie Garwood, Honor's Splendour|You're taller than I am, but I'm stronger, and meaner right this minute than you could ever imagine" - Lady Madelyne.
Milan Kundera, Farewell Waltz|The jealousy and evilness are like worms, that destroy the soul.
R.A. Salvatore, Siege of Darkness|Sometimes the stage terrifies me,” I confessed. “But being here alone like this, it’s freeing.”Solitude can be freeing,” he said.
Nikki Rowe|Dear soul, don't set a high value on someone before they deserve it; You either lose them or ruin yourself...!
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana|We, the human race, are so accustomed to having instead of being. What wastage of the revelations and magic in every moment.
Anslem of Canterbury|I do not try, Lord, to attain Your lofty heights, because my understanding is in no way equal to it. But I do desire to understand Your truth a little, that truth that my heart believes and loves. For I do not seek to understand so that I may believe; but I believe so that I may understand. For I believe this also, that “unless I believe, I shall not understand.
Mitch Kapor|I could feel it in my bones, how I missed the heat of my country and the love of my family.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|They loved each other, not driven by necessity, by the “blaze of passion” often falsely ascribed to love. They loved each other because everything around them willed it, the trees and the clouds and the sky over their heads and the earth under their feet. Perhaps their surrounding world, the strangers they met in the street, the wide expanses they saw on their walks, the rooms in which they lived or met, took more delight in their love than theythemselves did.
Zack Love, Anissa's Redemption|A few minutes later, my eyes began to feel a bit droopy, but I vaguely noticed that Anissa was whispering something.
M.Padua|Let us feel love, in the sight of our foes.Let our hearts melt, of the sight of hungry ones.Let us sing the music of forgiveness,the melody of love.
Iain M. Banks, Matter|Americans tend to use "nation" as a synonym for "country." But political scientists and historians, as well as many Europeans, tend to use the term for a much more specific phenomenon: a group of people who feel they belong together, whether they have a country of their own or not.
Peter Capaldi|Love is not to be purchased, and affection has no price.
Penney Peirce, Transparency: Seeing Through to Our Expanded Human Capacity|Keep you secret, then, my darling. Everybody needs them. Secrets make you tough, and wily.
Augustus Y. Napier, The Family Crucible: The Intense Experience of Family Therapy|The individual psychotherapy patient comes to the therapist with an almost automatic deference, a sense of dependence and compliance. The role pattern is old and established: the dependent child seeking guidance from a parent figure. There is no such traditional image for the family, no established pattern in which an entire family submits to the guidance of an individual. And the family structure is simply too powerful and too crucial for the members to go trustingly into an experience that threatens to change the entire matrix of their relationships. If the family therapist is to acquire that initial "authority figure" or "parent" role that is so necessary if therapy is to be more powerful than an ordinary social experience, he has to earn it.
Terry Pratchett, The Fifth Elephant|He took his hands off the oars and pulled in the mooring rope. If I make a couple of loops, he thought, I can strap the axe on to my back.He had a mental picture of what could happen to a man who plunged into the cauldron below a waterfall with a sharp piece of metal attached to his body.GOOD MORNING.Vimes blinked. A tall dark robed figure was now sitting in the boat.'Are you Death?'IT'S THE SCYTHE, ISN'T IT? PEOPLE ALWAYS NOTICE THE SCYTHE.'I'm going to die?'POSSIBLY.'Possibly? You turn up when people are possibly going to die?'OH, YES. IT'S QUITE THE NEW THING. IT'S BECAUSE OF THE UNCERTAINTY PRINCIPLE.'What's that?'I'M NOT SURE.'That's very helpful.
Joseph Conrad|Facing it, always facing it, that’s the way to get through. Face it.
Gore Vidal|As societies grow decadent, the language grows decadent, too. Words are used to disguise, not to illuminate, action: you liberate a city by destroying it. Words are to confuse, so that at election time people will solemnly vote against their own interests.
Thomas Henry Huxley, Collected Essays, Volume 5: Science and Christian Tradition: Essays|When I reached intellectual maturity, and began to ask myself whether I was an atheist, a theist, or a pantheist; a materialist or an idealist; a Christian or a freethinker, I found that the more I learned and reflected, the less ready was the answer; until at last I came to the conclusion that I had neither art nor part with any of these denominations, except the last. The one thing in which most of these good people were agreed was the one thing in which I differed from them. They were quite sure that they had attained a certain 'gnosis'--had more or less successfully solved the problem of existence; while I was quite sure I had not, and had a pretty strong conviction that the problem was insoluble. And, with Hume and Kant on my side, I could not think myself presumptuous in holding fast by that opinion ...So I took thought, and invented what I conceived to be the appropriate title of 'agnostic'. It came into my head as suggestively antithetic to the 'gnostic' of Church history, who professed to know so much about the very things of which I was ignorant; and I took the earliest opportunity of parading it at our Society, to show that I, too, had a tail, like the other foxes.
Holly Black|I wanted him to meet Ainsley. She was super important to me. I made my decision. “I...I would like that.”Rider’s reaction was immediate. He smiled and the dimple appeared. My breath caught. I’d actually invited Rider along to meet Ainsley. I wanted that. Really wanted that, but I had no idea what to do with that.Regardless, excitement hummed through me. Hanging out with Rider and Ainsley was normal. Something a million people probably did every day, because they were actually living life, but it was a first for me—a huge first. It was my best friend and it was the guy...the guy who’d been my best friend and who now, despite everything, felt like something deeper, richer and more intricate, hanging out together.It felt important.
Walter Mosley|Twango's hospitality, though largely symbolic, does him credit.
Cyril Connolly|Better to write for yourself and have no public, than to write for the public and have no self.", February 25, 1933]
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|when you are surrendering your all to God and if God is taking you somewhere, focus less where He is taking you to, For He will definitely take you somewhere. Only surrender
John Capecci and Timothy Cage, Living Proof: Telling Your Story to Make a Difference|An inclusive narrative structure provides the executive brain with the best template and strategy for the oversight and coordination of the functions of mind. A story well told, containing conflicts and resolutions, gestures and expressions, and thoughts flavored with emotion, connects people ad integrates neural networks
Meg Rosoff, What I Was|And still the brain continues to yearn, continues to burn, foolishly, with desire. My old man's brain is mocked by a body that still longs to stretch in the sun and form a beautiful shape in someone else's gaze, to lie under a blue sky and dream of helpless, selfless love, to behold itself, illuminated, in the golden light of another's eyes.
Lemony Snicket, The Bad Beginning|All his life, Klaus had believed that if you read enough books, you could solve any problem, but now he wasn't so sure.
Rachel Hartman, Seraphina|I had felt the shot coming; I hadn’t realized the bow was loaded with this very quarrel, perfectly calibrated to hit him hardest. What part of me had been studying him, stockpiling knowledge as ammunition?
Hugo Chavez|The truth is that since childhood I had cultivated an existential independence. It came from perceiving the adults around me as unreliable, and without it I felt I wouldn't have survived. I cared deeply for everyone in my family, but in the end I depended on myself.
Debasish Mridha|There are thousands of ways to get rich, but there is only one way to reach the island of happiness. You need unconditional love to reach that island.
Orhan Pamuk, The Black Book|They, like me, like all of us, had, once upon a time, in a past so far away it seemed like heaven, caught by chance a glimpse of an inner essence, only to forget what it was. It was this lost memory that pained us, reduced us to ruins, though still we struggled to be ourselves.
Usman W. Chohan|Actions that exemplify the limitations of a singular devotion to the profit motive, also draw a troublesome distinction between what is legal and what is moral.
Code Black|Standing alone, walking my own path. Rearranging my thoughts. Pushing worries away. Climbing out of the fog, towards freedom of mind.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Prince of Mist|Darling," he said distractedly,"about the moon...""Yes?""I don't think it matters whether you want it or not.""What are you talking about?" "The moon. I think it's yours."Victoria yawned, not bothering to open her eyes. "Fine. i'm glad to have it.""But--" Robert shook his head. He was growing fanciful. the moon didn't belong to his wife. It didn't follow her, protect her. It certainly didn't wink at anybody.But he stared out the window the rest of the way home, just in case
Moon Unit Zappa|Back in high school, I went on dates, but I was too focused on my career. My parents were like, 'It's nice to have a boyfriend, but it's even nicer to own your house when you're 21.'
Mehmet Murat ildan|To be happy in absolute terms, along with our happiness, all the world must be happy so that we don’t have to worry for anyone!
Morihei Ueshiba|Give Nature a vacuum and she will try to fill it. Give her localized pressure and she will try to disperse it. She is forever seeking a balance she can never achieve, never happy with what she's got.
Michael Chabon|His body had almost no hair and his naked little circumcised johnson was nearly as pale as the rest of him, white as a boy's - perhaps over time one's genitals emerge from the pots and bubbling vats of love permanently stained, like the hands of a wool dyer.
Eric  Smith, Inked|Lose control once in a while, and your emotions will make your strong. Keep your heart open, and they’ll make you invincible.
Edmund White|Rhetoric is a poor substitute for action, and we have trusted only to rhetoric. If we are really to be a great nation, we must not merely talk; we must act big.
Michele Jennae, CHARGE! The Patchwork Rhino|Leaders step up, even when they feel like hiding. And they do so because they care.
Sabrina Jeffries, How the Scoundrel Seduces|The oaks along the ridge were writhing like tortured epileptics in the winds, and she could make out through the thick rain a cascade of water like a cataract come roiling down the inside slope toward her; a vast arching spray exploded bright against the dark sky as the Gulf slammed over the chenier.
Oscar Wilde, De Profundis|Pride must die in you, or nothing of heaven can live in you.
Jason Wu|I'm a Fritos Burrito guy. Me and Taco Bell have a love relationship on Twitter; they follow me. Out of 16 people they follow me, so I'm very loyal to my girlfriend, Taco Bell.
Mark Wahlberg|I used to watch some of the reality shows about models, and then, weirdly, now I try to incorporate into my fashion shoots the skills I learnt from watching those shows. It's like, thanks Tyra, 'cause you've given me, like, all the cool tips. Like how to smile with your eyes.
Gore Vidal|Presidents have absolutely gone against the will of Congress. Congress hasn't declared a war since December 7, 1941, and yet we've been at war ever since with somebody or other in order to justify the war machine. Now we have alienated almost the entire earth
Glad Munaiseche|Then she questioned, "Too much idea about love, I wanna know what love is? Is there one right person for everyone? Is there true love? Can someone really beat your heart and conquer it?
Alaria Thorne, Flogged In The French Quarter|Fucking hell,” he whispered, closing his eyes. The pain in his face mirrored the deep ache in her bones. He lifted her hand to his mouth and traced his lips slowly across her palm. With incredible gentleness, he pulled her arm toward him and pressed a warm kiss to the pulse on her wrist, his breath washing over the delicate skin and casting a spell as bottomless and dark as shame.
Jason Reitman|My dream role would probably be a psycho killer, because the whole thing I love about movies is that you get to do things you could never do in real life, and that would be my way of vicariously experiencing being a psycho killer. Also, it's incredibly romantic.
