indonesia123|At the time we glorify self instead of glorify God, at that time we are wasting our time as... God is Time.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Don’t wander around with your eyes closed, know your path clearly
Sunday Adelaja|You must learn to see everything around yourself as your resources, your opportunities and turn them into your weapons so that everything works in your favor and helps to achieve your goal
William Carlos Williams|Lost in Hell,-Persephone,Take her head upon your knee;Say to her, "My dear, my dear,It is not so dreadful here.
Katie Ledecky|I always feel like it's two key ingredients when it comes to following your dreams, making something happen that the average person deems difficult. If you truly believe it, that's step one. Step two, is, you know, the hard work that goes along with it.
Eliza Parsons, Errors of Education|He quickly observed, that good sentences and excellent representations of the follies of mankind met with little regard or applause, whilst sounds, without sense, threw every body into raptures:——but 'twas the fashion of the day to be musically mad, and those who were absurd enough to prefer a rational entertainment to a flimsy opera, were poor insipid beings, without taste or enthusiasm.
Dada Bhagwan|A king will say 'I killed thousands of people'. He is simply doing egoism; he is taking pleasure in taking credit of doership (garva ras). They were killed by those who were on the battle field. Why does the king needlessly take on the liability [of new karmic causes]? In doing so, those who did the killing are set free. The rule is that the liability falls upon the one doing egosim [of doerhip].
Debasish Mridha|The starry night moon was smiling with beauty and charm that let me know that I am the star in her sky, and she loves me forever.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We must never forget our teachers, our lecturers and our mentors. In their individual capacities have contributed to our academic, professional and personal development.
bell hooks, Feminism is for Everybody: Passionate Politics|In a culture which holds the two-parent patriarchal family in higher esteem than any other arrangement, all children feel emotionally insecure when their family does not measure up to the standard. A utopian vision of the patriarchal family remains intact despite all the evidence which proves that the well-being of children is no more secure in the dysfunctional male-headed household than in the dysfunctional female-headed household. Children need to be raised in loving environments. Whenever domination is present love is lacking. Loving parents, be they single or coupled, gay or straight, headed by females or males, are more likely to raise healthy, happy children with sound self-esteem. In future feminist movement we need to work harder to show parents the ways ending sexism positively changes family life. Feminist movement is pro-family. Ending patriarchal domination of children, by men or women, is the only way to make the family a place where children can be safe, where they can be free, where they can know love
Hiroko Sakai|The first rule of style is to have something to say. The second rule of style is to control yourself when, by chance, you have two things to say; say first one, then the other, not both at the same time.
Renée Paule, Just Around The Bend: Más o Menos|Walk straight aheadListen to no oneTrust not in the walls or doorwaysFor they will misleadAnd close behind youAs you walk through The forest, not knowingWhere you’ve come fromOr where you’re going …If anywhere at all.
The New York Times|I use to think being a warning was not meant to be apart of anyone's life purpose. However, how could you teach anything in life, without the deepest understanding of what not to do? Personally, I don't want someone offering advice, unless they have been to hell and back with a map and a compass.
Dennis Merritt Jones, Your Redefining Moments: Becoming Who You Were Born to Be|She could not have been born gray. Hercolor, her color of brown, was an essential part of her, not an accident. Her anger, timidity, brashness, gentleness, all were elements of her mixed being, her mixednature, dark and clear right through, like Baltic amber. She could not exist in the gray people's world. She had not been born.
Nenia Campbell, Wishing Stars: Space Opera Fairytales|More accurately, on the bed and on the table lay various pieces of what had once been a body.Holmes was leaning with his back against the wall, his countenance deathly white. "The door was open," he said incongruously. "I was passing by, and the door was open.""Holmes," I whispered in horror."The door was open," he said once more, and then buried his face in his hands.
Robert Pack|In a sense, beauty is what one chooses to feel by virtue of what one chooses to imitate and to create.
Robert A. Caro, Master of the Senate|He not only had the gift of “reading” men and women, of seeing into their hearts, he also had the gift of putting himself in their place, of not just seeing what they felt but of feeling what they felt, almost as if what had happened to them had happened to him, too.
Paul Bowles, The Spider's House|There are mornings when, from the first ray of light seized upon by the eye, and the first simple sounds that get inside the head, the heart is convinced that it is existing in rhythm to a kind of unheard music, familiar but forgotten because long ago it was interrupted and only now has suddenly resumed playing. The silent melodies pass through the fabric of the consciousness like the wind through the meshes of a net, without moving it, but at the same time unmistakably there, all around it. For one who has never lived such a morning, its advent can be a paralyzing experience.
Daniel Black, Perfect Peace|Big don't mean ugly, and thin sho don't mean pretty. If a person wants to be pretty, they gotta walk pretty, talk pretty and act pretty. Can't nobody take pretty from you.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|Suicides - you read of it…but you don’t know the truth, if you were to see it you would go insane! Cut throats, cut wrists, hangings, suffocating, eyes bulging and tongues protruding, more shit. Suicides always shit themselves, did you know that! Life’s final shit, the final act of madness; smell that you rats! Clean me up you pigs, zip me up in the bag you scum and get me out of here… Get me the fuck out of here…get me out!
Ravi Zacharias|God made the Idiot for practice, and then He made the School Board.
Debasish Mridha|He who loves, lives longer.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|We need to know not only what is done but what is purposed and said by those who shape the destines of states and realms." Horace Greeley
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|if [God] doesn't exist, man is the chief of the earth, of the universe. Magnificent! Only how is he going to be good without God?
Ian McEwan, Atonement|A story was a form of telepathy. By means of inking symbols onto a page, she was able to send thoughts and feelings from her mind to her reader's. It was a magical process, so commonplace that no one stopped to wonder at it.
J. Saman, Start With Me|He pushes off the wall with his foot, standing tall and gorgeous over me. My eyes glide up until they meet his and for the life of me, I can’t stop my smile. Neither can he. So, we stand there, smiling at each other with high school giddiness mixed with very grownup lust swimming between us.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Personal growth doesn’t occur without effort. The effort is one of recognizing your own power, and taking ownership and responsibility for your own development.
Oswald Chambers, Bringing Sons Into Glory and Making All Things New|These are people who accept the fire of the Holy Spirit,' he said, 'the fire that is left behind but that is used by so few people to light their candles.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|It was well said—by Jean Tarrou in The Plague, I think—that attendance at lectures in an unknown language will help to hone one's awareness of the exceedingly slow passage of time. I once had the experience of being 'waterboarded' and can now dimly appreciate how much every second counts in the experience of the torture victim, forced to go on enduring what is unendurable.
Renee Ahdieh, The Rose & the Dagger|Because at that moment, with the press of Rahim's lips to hers, with the touch of his tongue sending wildfire through her veins, she knew she would always be home here.  With this boy. In this moment. In this time. And that her heart would never be lonely again.
Osama Sarwar|When there is faith, the world is balanced.
Chris Fabry, The Promise of Jesse Woods|Buy books. Unlike high calorie food, they don't give heart attacks.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|Anything you try to quantify can be divided into any number of "anythings," or become the thing - the unit - itself. And what is any number, itself, but just another unit of measurement? What is a 'six' but two 'threes', or three 'twos'...half a 'twelve', or just six 'ones' - which are what? (attrib: F.L. Vanderson)
Kimberly Derting|Hey, A-D-D,” she called out to Claire, “come over and try these on.
David Foster Wallace, The Pale King|This is what I am talking about: the bewitching power of moonlight. Moonlight incites dark passions like a cold flame, making hearts burning with the intensity of phosphorus.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.
Goitsemang Mvula|Don't ever let someone tell you the value you don't have, in order to be in someone's life. That is often the value they feel you have, not that person.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|A friend who will never fail is the one who will stand by you regardless of the situation,time or location.
Ryann Jansen, Bittersweet Hope|I wept for me, for my sister, for things I couldn't even begin to put into words, and might never be able to explain. But it felt something like this: I used to walk on my feet. Now all I knew how to do was crawl. And I wasn't sure how long it was going to take for me to get up off my knees and regain my balance, but I suspected that when I did, I would never walk the same way again.
Michael  Harris|When we go online, we commit ourselves to the care of online mechanisms. Digital Band-Aids for digital wounds. We feed ourselves into machines, hoping some algorithm will digest the mess that is our experience into something legible, something more meaningful than the "bag of associations" we fear we are.
J.S. Bailey, Rage's Echo|She concluded that to be able to live without regrets, one has to let go of life that one has planned to give space to life which has been destined.
Joan Didion|The apparently bottomless gulf between what we say we want and why we do want, between what we officially admire and secretly desire, between, in the largest sense, the people we marry and the people we love.
J.K. Rowling|Before the boy who lived, there was another story. One of a monster inside of a man. One of a hero inside of a child. One of a traitor inside of a friend. And one of an angel inside of a demon.
Malcolm Gladwell, Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking|The entire principle of a blind taste test was ridiculous. They shouldn't have cared so much that they were losing blind taste tests with old Coke, and we shouldn't at all be surprised that Pepsi's dominance in blind taste tests never translated to much in the real world. Why not? Because in the real world, no one ever drinks Coca-Cola blind.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|We are as the dead," Sha said. "Our purpose is to dedicate our lives to the service of our lord. And, when it is necessary, to surrender those lives. When we become what we are, we lose our lives - our names, our family, our homes, and our honour. All that remains is our lord.
Ron Baratono|It’s when you feel low about yourself, others actions and opinions will affect you. When you look at yourself as a confident person, it’s then; you’ll find the most peace and understanding, that it’s your world you have to live with not theirs.
Lactantius|Except for a few guitar chords, everything I've learned in my life that is of any value I've learned from women.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|Even evolutionary explanations of the traditional division of labor by sex do not imply that it is unchangeable, “natural” in the sense of good, or something that should be forced on individual women or men who don’t want it.
Henna Inam, Wired for Authenticity: Seven Practices to Inspire, Adapt, & Lead|Authenticity is not possible without embracing the “and” within us. Our minds like to categorize things into neatly labeled boxes. Am I right, or is she right? Let’s stretch our minds to I can be right and so can she. Embracing the “and” is like yoga for the brain. When we train ourselves to hold paradoxes by stretching ourselves out of the boxes our minds create, we stretch into new possibilities and adapt more quickly in a fast-changing world.
Ingeborg Bachmann, Simultan: Erzählungen|It's wearying, like Caliban buttonholing you in hell and telling you the struggle he's having getting along with himself.
Theophilus London|Travel is one of the best anti-war weapons that there are. I've been to Iran, and if you're there you see little kids, cops, old people, cemeteries. Once you see that, you can't say, 'Oh, Iran, let's bomb them.'
Sukarno, Indonesia Menggugat: Pidato Pembelaan Bung Karno di Muka Hakim Kolonial|Bebek berjalan berbondong-bondong, akan tetapi burung elang terbang sendirian.
John Muir, My First Summer in the Sierra|Another glorious day, the air as delicious to the lungs as nectar to the tongue.
Jodi Picoult, The Storyteller|There are all sorts of losses people suffer- from the small to the large. You can lose your car keys, your glasses, your virginity. You can lose your head, you can lose your heart, you can lose your mind. You can relinquish your home to move into assisted living, or have a child move overseas, or see a spouse vanish into dementia. Loss is more than just death, and grief is the gray shape-shifter of emotion.
Milan Kundera, The Art of the Novel|It is not our high purposes alone that make us moving creatures, but our humble needs and cravings.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|When one is silent, those around speak even more, my lord.
Idries Shah, Seeker After Truth|Has it not occurred to you that, conversely, other people do not have your difficulties because they do not react as you do to what happens?
Dean Koontz, The Darkest Evening of the Year|To many people, free will is a license to rebel not against what is unjust or hard in life but against what is best for them and true.
Liz Rosenberg, Home Repair|In January in Northern Russia, everything vanishes beneath a deep blanket of whiteness. Rivers, fields, trees, roads, and houses disappear, and the landscape becomes a white sea of mounds and hollows. On days when the sky is gray, it is hard to see where earth merges with air. On brilliant days when the sky is a rich blue, the sunlight is blinding, as if millions of diamonds were scattered on the snow, refracting light. In Catherine's time, the log roads of summer were covered with a smooth coating of snow and ice that enabled the sledges to glide smoothly at startling speeds; on some days, her procession covered a hundred miles.
Brandon Sanderson, Sixth of the Dusk|A woman steps out of the back door after an hour of him sitting. Younger than either of us, blonde with a tinge of gray at her temples, the light creases of age in the corners of her eyes, beautiful in the untouchable way of mothers who are our exemplars for what we will admire in women when we come of age.
Ana Claudia Antunes, Pierrot Love: When A Call From The Other Side Takes Its Own Side|Both tears and sweat are salty.  but none of them are faulty. the tears can get you somewhere,  the sweat will make you only wet.
Amy Carmichael, God's Missionary|God Hold us to that which drew us first, when the Cross was the attraction, and we wanted nothing else.
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|I think how hope may be the thing that pulls you forward, may be the thing that keeps you going, but that it's dangerous, too, that it's painful and risky, that it's making a dare to the world and when has the world ever let us win a dare?
Shirley Chisholm|The legal battle against segregation is won, but the community battle goes on.
Anselm of Canterbury|Ordinary people who live their lives peacefully, whose days gently resemble each other, may happen one day to stop and wonder why and what for do they do the things they do and have been doing for so many years?
Edgar Allan Poe, The Complete Stories and Poems|Take this kiss upon the brow!And, in parting from you now,Thus much let me avow-You are not wrong, who deemThat my days have been a dream;Yet if hope has flown awayIn a night, or in a day,In a vision, or in
Mark Matousek, When You're Falling, Dive: Lessons in the Art of Living|You go on with your life, because life goes on,” says Isabel. “You see this in anyone who has survived a traumatic situation. My own daughter died, for example.” Her only daughter, Paula Frias, died of porphyria in 1992 at the age of twenty-seven. “At first you think you can’t live with this,” says the author, who just turned sixty-five. “It’s just too much. Then life begins to take over. One morning you wake up and you want to eat chocolate. Or walk in the woods. Or open a bottle of wine. You get back up on your feet.” “When you can, right?” “You have no choice!” Isabel insists. “You cannot let the bullies keep you on the floor! I have been on my knees a thousand times, and I always get up.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Don't worry, goat boy. The milkman is dead.
Mickey Rooney|I'm ultimately a widow and a single mother, who's not even getting to be a mother right now. I am so alone, it's freaky.
Freddy Sipho Mahhumane|Living is the right to exercise Freedom any time without any guilt or whatsoever. Deathis living without Freedom. Resurrection is living for the Dead. Eternity is victory overdeath and not many will taste of it." - Freddy Schofeild Mahhumane
Judith Guest|Depression is not sobbing and crying and giving vent, it is plain and simple reduction of feeling.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|Everything. Everywhere. Every moment. That is the scope of God's call on our lives, and that is the dignity our lives enjoy.
Archie Panjabi|When man learns to understand and control his own behavior as well as he is learning to understand and control the behavior of crop plants and domestic animals, he may be justified in believing that he has become civilized.
Rob Liano|When you're passionate about something, you don't need coffee or an energy drink to get you moving.
Kevin J. Vanhoozer, Biblical Authority After Babel: Retrieving the Solas in the Spirit of Mere Protestant Christianity|It is well known that Pentecost reverses Babel. The people who built the tower of Babel sought to make a name, and a unity, for themselves. At Pentecost, God builds his temple, uniting people in Christ. Unity – interpretive agreement and mutual understanding – is, it would appear, something that only God can accomplish. And accomplish it he does, but not in the way we might have expected. Although onlookers thought that the believers who received the Spirit at Pentecost were babbling (Acts 2:13), in fact they were speaking intelligibly in several languages (Acts 2:8-11). Note well: they were all saying the same thing (testifying about Jesus) in different languages. It takes a thousand tongues to say and sing our great Redeemer’s praise.Protestant evangelicalism evidences a Pentecostal plurality: the various Protestant streams testify to Jesus in their own vocabularies, and it takes many languages (i.e. interpretive traditions) to minister the meaning of God’s Word and the fullness of Christ. As the body is made up of many members, so many interpretations may be needed to do justice to the body of the biblical text. Why else are there four Gospels, but that the one story of Jesus was too rich to be told from one perspective only? Could it be that the various Protestant traditions function similarly as witnesses who testify to the same Jesus from different situations and perspectives?
Markus Zusak, Getting the Girl|There are so many moments to remember and sometimes I think that maybe we're not really people at all. Maybe moments are what we are.... Sometimes I just survive. But sometimes I stand on the rooftop of my existence, arms stretched out, begging for more.
Erin Hunter, A Dangerous Path|A person that started in to carry a cat home by the tail was gitting knowledge that was always going to be useful to him, and warn't ever going to grow dim or doubtful.
Michael R. Solomon, Consumer Behaviour: A European Perspective|...the higher the expectations about unselected alternatives, the lower the level of satisfaction with the chosen good.
Willa Cather|Truth lives, in fact, for the most part on a credit system. Our thoughts and beliefs pass, so long as nothing challenges them, just as bank-notes pass so long as nobody refuses them.
Katie Lynn Johnson, Before the Storm|No sooner had the thought occurred to him than he found himself staring down the barrel of a single-shot caplock pistol, and halted in his tracks. It was not a particularly accurate weapon if he remembered correctly, not that it would matter at point-blank range.
Leonardo da Vinci, Leonardo's Notebooks|I am fully conscious that, not being a literary man , certain presumptuous persons will think that they may reasonably blame me; alleging that I am not a man of letters. Foolish folks! do they not know that I might retort as Marius did to the Roman Patricians by saying: That they, who deck themselves out in the labours of others will not allow me my own. They will say that I, having no literary skill, cannot properly express that which I desire to treat of, but they do not know that my subjects are to be dealt with by experience rather than by words; and experience has been the mistress of those who wrote well. And so, as mistress, I will cite her in all cases.
E.F. Benson, Lucia in London|Marcia was silent a moment. Then a sort of softer gleam came into her angry eye."Tell me some more about her," she said.Adele clapped her hands."Ah, that's splendid," she said. "You're beginning to feel kinder. What we would do without our Lucia I can't imagine. I don't know what there would be to talk about.""She's ridiculous!" said Marcia relapsing a little."No, you mustn't feel that," said Adele. "You mustn't laugh at her ever. You must just richly enjoy her.""She's a snob!" said Marcia, as if this was a tremendous discovery."So am I: so are you: so are we all," said Adele. "We all run after distinguished people like--like Alf and Marcelle. The difference between you and Lucia is entirely in her favour, for you pretend you're not a snob, and she is perfectly frank and open about it. Besides, what is a duchess like you for except to give pleasure to snobs? That's your work in the world, darling; that's why you were sent here. Don't shirk it, or when you're old you will suffer agonies of remorse. And you're a snob too. You liked having seven--or was it seventy?--Royals at your dance.""Well, tell me some more about Lucia," said Marcia, rather struck by this ingenious presentation of the case."Indeed I will: I long for your conversion to Luciaphilism. Now to-day there are going to be marvellous happenings...
Moffat Machingura|To accomplish the best you can, first aim for the best you can't.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer|To have her here in bed with me, breathing on me, her hair in my mouth—I count that something of a miracle.
Kami Garcia|I loved him desperately, completely, and he wasn’t threatening to consume me anymore. He already had. Everything that was me was him. My heart, mind and soul all were as much a part of him as they were me.
Diriye Osman|The very fact that we need to struggle for approval proves that we do not approve of ourselves. Having to convince ourselves of something means we do not really believe it. That is why we contort ourselves grotesquely, lose sight of who we really are, and tangle ourselves pathetically in a complicated falsification of our lives.
Jennifer Lopez|I have a vision of India: an India free of hunger and fear, an India free of illiteracy and want.
A.J. Rose|I once made a solemn vow that I could not keep... I am from this world. Even with all its failures and suffering it is still worthy of my best efforts... and wishing it was otherwise does not make it so." Eiij'lam told the king.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|You ought to go to a boy's school sometime. Try it sometime," I said. "It's full of phonies, and all you do is study so that you can learn enough to be smart enough to be able to buy a goddam Cadillac some day, and you have to keep making believe you give a damn if the football team loses, and all you do is talk about girls and liquor and sex all day, and everybody sticks together in these dirty little goddam cliques.
Dorianne Laux, The Book of Men|love riddeni searched for youin corridors,open doorsand in endless seas of similesand metaphorsbut we never were on the same page.
Shannon L. Alder|God will bring the right person into your life at the right time. Always believe that! If they are not there, God isn't finished yet!
Michelle  Kuo, Reading with Patrick: A Teacher, a Student, and a Life-Changing Friendship|I hear my mom pray every night about how she misses meI want nothing to happen to my little brother the way it happened to meI tell my mom, Keep your head up and stay strong, because I am getting good care in heavenI worry about nothing because Jesus has my backI cry and Jesus comes and wipes my tears from my faceI try to make it to the NBA in heavenI hope everyone is not worried about meI am Brandon in heaven, having fun.
Mike Massimino, Spaceman: An Astronaut's Unlikely Journey to Unlock the Secrets of the Universe|You understand, we just don't fuck with truth.
A.P.J. Abdul Kalam|Dream, Dream DreamDreams transform into thoughts And thoughts result in action.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When you leave the light behind you, shadows and darkness become your guide!
Michael Crichton|Writers write because they're writers. Because their imaginations boil up inside of them, waiting to overflow into the written word. Ordinary people have little capacity for unyielding imagination, whereas the natural-born writer can do little but yield to the tug of imagination. Ordinary people may practice for years to 'perfect' the challenge of writing; but the one destined to create and destroy with the stroke of a pen, the strike of the key, their wells of imagination shall never run dry.
Scrubs J.D|No one should ever die alone. Rejoin the love of the goddess who made you. No longer a man, no longer a human, you must go as only your essence back to She who made you, into the womb of the Great Mother. You have again become a seed that will form into other lives in other lands.
Alexandra Adornetto, Halo|Sometimes it's better to stop trying to make sense of things. Life isn't clear cut, there are always gray areas.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A well-constituted human being, a ‘happy one’, must perform certain actions and instinctively shrinks from other actions, he transports the order of which he is the physiological representative into his relations with other human beings and with things. In a formula: his virtue is the consequence of his happiness…Everything good is instinct—and consequently easy, necessary, free. Effort is an objection.
Megan Miranda, Fracture|She sealed his lips with a wanton kiss; 'Though I forgive your breaking your vows to heaven, I expect you to keep your vows to me.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With all my heart, I seek to reach the Holy Land.
Yaya Nurcahyadin|You get something, if you do something
Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls|I look into my glass,And view my wasting skin,And say, 'Would God it came to passMy heart had shrunk as thin!
Alyce Alexandra, Everyday Thermo Cooking: 100 Simple and Satisfying Real-Life Recipes from My Kitchen|I love food, I love everything about food – the growing, the purchasing, the cooking, the eating, the nourishment, the connection, the celebration. To me, food is so central to everything important in life – how we eat and how we feed others is such a strong reflection on who we are, our values, and how we live. And we get to express and enjoy this three times every single day!
Virginia Woolf|When you consider things like the stars, our affairs don't seem to matter very much, do they?
Ritesh Shrivastav|So, we skipped Annabel, and discussed condoms. I said I liked the orange ones, and we ended our talk in laughter.
Ted Cruz|Men and women do think differently, and frankly, we don't understand each other. Not at all! But that's what makes relationships so amazing.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|Resist much, obey little.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The supplementary quantity of gold that streams from it into commerce goes at first to the owners of the mine and then by turns to those who have dealings with them. If we schematically divide the whole community into four groups, the mine-owners, the producers of luxury goods, the remaining producers, and the agriculturalists, the first two groups will be able to enjoy the benefits resulting from the reduction in the value of money, the former of them to a greater extent than the latter. But even as soon as we' reach the third group, the situation is altered. The profit obtained by this group as a result of the increased demands of the first two will already be offset to some. extent by the rise in the prices of luxury goods which will have experienced the full effect of the depreciation by the time it begins to affect other goods. Finally, for the fourth group, the whole process will result in nothing but loss.
Michael Scott|Perish the universe, provided I have my revenge!
James Gould Cozzens, Castaway|Indeed, he could not be long in discovering that people beyond a suspicion of unbalance, or not obviously coveting the moment's arrest of attention gained them by their statements, never had experience with or knowledge of the restless dead. Slowly accepting this as evidence that no such things existed, Mr. Lecky found terrors deeper, and to him more plausible, to fill that unoccupied place - the simple sense of himself alone, and, not unassociated with it, the conception of a homicidal maniac quietly pursuing him.The first was exemplified by chance solitude in what he had considered deep woods. No part in it was played by natural dismay which he might have felt at finding himself lost, and none by any tangible suggestion of danger. Mr. Lecky could not even remember where or when it was. Long ago, under a seamless gray sky which would probably end with snow; in an autumnal silence free from birds, unmoved by the least breath of wind, he had come to be walking at random impulse.Leaves, yellow, tan, drifted deep and loose over the difficulties of an uneven hillside. His feet crashed and crackled in them. He was not going anywhere. He had nothing in mind. It might have been this receptive vacancy of thought which let him, little by little, grow aware of a menace. The unnatural light leaf-buried ground, the low dark sky, the solitary noise of his unskilled progress - none of them was good. He began to notice that though the fall of leaves left an apparent bright openness, in reality it merely pushed to a distance the point at which the woods became as impenetrable as a wall.He walked more and more slowly, listening, hearing nothing; looking, seeing nothing. Soon he stopped, for he was not going any farther. Standing in the deep leaves beneath trees bare and practically dead in the catalepsy of impending winter, he knew that he did not want to be here. A great evil - no more to be named than, met, to be escaped - waited fairly close. So he left. He got out of those woods onto an open road where he need not watch for anything he could not see.
Venice J. Bloodworth, Key to Yourself: Opening the Door to a Joyful Life from Within|I found that we must build our consciousness or faith step by step. When we make certain impressions on our subconscious mind and live for years by those impressions we cannot expect to destroy them in a few days. We must patiently substitute constructive, loving, harmonious thoughts for destructive, critical ones. The more you realize your freedom, the happier you become. Faith, joy, health, contentment, you just bubble over with these wonderful attributes and they attract the best people and environment.
Thomas Hughes, Tom Brown's Schooldays|Critical thinking is a necessary and vital skill".~R. Alan Woods [2012]
Rey Mysterio|I really love muscle cars. I don't think people might realize that about me. I really want to go to an auto auction and blow my life savings on a Camaro. They have such design around them, such panache.
Criss Jami, Healology|Nightmares are seldom a foreshadowing of real events, but always a showing of real fears.
Dag Hammarskjold|There have been so many great moments, and I feel so blessed every day.
Harper Lee|No religion, No race, No countries, Today we are human.
Sheila M. Burke, Enriched Heart: The Tao of Balancing Your Big, Beautiful, Badass Soul|Sometimes you’re going to shine like the sun; sometimes you’re going to crumble to pieces. Either way, it’s okay.
Scott Stabile|When we look and feel happy, it’s beautiful and more attractive than anything we could possibly imagine.
Lil Uzi Vert|A musician must make music, an artist must paint, a poet must write, if he is to be ultimately at peace with himself.
Lee  Goff, A Wrath Like Thunder|I came to this house for safety. They came because the foster care system ran out of homes. We stayed because we were stray pieces of other puzzles, tired of never fitting.
Bertrand Russell, A History of Western Philosophy|Однако существует довод и более общего характера против слепого преклонения перед греками или кем бы то ни было еще. Правильное отношение к изучению того или иного философа состоит не в том, чтобы почитать или презирать его, но прежде всего в некоторого рода предрасположенности, дающей возможность понять, что именно склоняет к тому, чтобы верить в его теории, и только потом следует оживлять критическое отношение, которое должно напоминать, насколько это возможно, состояние ума той личности, которая отбрасывает мнения, отстаиваемые ею прежде. Презрение мешает первой части этого процесса, преклонение – второй. Следует при этом учитывать две вещи: надо помнить, что человек, чьи взгляды и теории заслуживают изучения, должен, по-видимому, обладать определенным умом, но надо также иметь в виду, что ни один человек не достигал, вероятно, полной и окончательной истины по какому бы то ни было вопросу. Когда умный человек выражает совершенно абсурдный с нашей точки зрения взгляд, мы не должны пытаться доказывать, что этот взгляд тем не менее является правильным, но нам следует попытаться понять, каким образом этот взгляд когда-то казался правильным. Это упражнение исторического и психологического воображения одновременно и расширяет сферу нашего мышления, и помогает нам понять, насколько глупыми многие из лелеемых нами предрассудков покажутся веку, обладающему другим складом ума.
Yukio Mishima, The Sailor Who Fell from Grace with the Sea|Suddenly the full long wail of a ship's horn surged through the open window and flooded the dim room - a cry of boundless, dark, demanding grief; pitch-black and glabrous as a whale's back and burdened with all the passions of the tides, the memory of voyages beyond counting, the joys, the humiliations: the sea was screaming. Full of the glitter and the frenzy of night, the horn thundered in, conveying from the distant offing, from the dead center of the sea, a thirst for the dark nectar in the little room.
Soleil Moon Frye|My very first car was a grey Alfa Romeo Alfasud, which I got in 1987. But, in our family, all cars were for sale - so they might be there in the morning and were gone at night. In the mid-90s, I joined Porsche and the Carrera was the car, and the Carrera 4S was the one they gave me. As a wee boy from Dumfries, I couldn't believe it.
Peter Kreeft, Before I Go: Letters to Our Children about What Really Matters|Don't be more serious than God. God invented dog farts. God designed your body's plumbing system. God designed an ostrich. If He didn't do it, He permitted a drunken angel to do it. Empirical facts can add significantly to the meaning of "being godlike".
Donna Lynn Hope|Love is all about guts. If you have it, you fight with the world. If you don’t, you fight with yourself.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|Because a time comes in every man's life when he decides what sort of man he's going to be: the kind who lets other people walk all over him, or not.
Timothy M. Houston, Leads To Referrals|Referrals are the privilege of the opportunity given to you by someone else to potentially do business with someone who wants, needs or desires the products or services you offer
Heather Demetrios, Something Real|Three stupid pieces of chocolate can't mean a lifetime away from the people I love." Tears streamed down my face, and my body trembled. "I don't want to forget what I have here." "I won't let that happen to you.""I want it. The candy," I whispered, ashamed to admit it out loud and scared to death because the ache in my stomach was a hunger I'd never felt before. "Even though I know what it is, I can't stop thinking about it.
P.T. Barnum, The Art of Money Getting|Let your motto then always be 'Excelsior', for by living up to it there is no such word as fail.
Jacques Barzun|It takes intelligence to make real comedy, and it takes a reality base to create all that little stuff I like to do that makes you giggle inside.
David Foster Wallace|Psychotics, say what you want about them, tend to make the first move.
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|The truth is that what fascinates me is not so much being in a place as not being there: how places live in the mind once you have left them, how they are imagined before you arrive, or how they are seemingly called out of nothing to illustrate a thought or story like my tree down yonder. These mental spaces map our Innes lives more fully than any "real" map, delineating the borders of here and there that also shape what we see in the present.
Maisie A. Smikle|A Day is Never bad. A Day does No harm. A Day begins and ends with the passage of time. What happens in between, is up to the hearts of humanity.
Nikki Rowe|You're growing and that scares people, it frightens the shit out of them because they know if they don't step up within themselves you'll move forward with out them. When this happens, don't you dare settle to suit the mould - have courage to live without one.
Mahatma Gandhi, Selected Political Writings|It seemed to me then - and to be honest, sir, seems to me still - that America was engaged only in posturing. As a society, you were unwilling to reflect upon the shared pain that united you with those who attacked you. You retreated into myths of your own difference, assumptions of your own superiority. And you acted out these beliefs on the stage of the world, so that the entire planet was rocked by the repercussions of your tantrums, not least my family, now facing war thousands of miles away. Such an America had to be stopped in the interests not only of the rest of humanity, but also in your own.
Arthur W. Pink, The Sovereignty of God|Unless a person actually hates sin, he will continue to practice it.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|In the end it was Tabby who cast the deciding vote, as she so often has at crucial moments in my life. I'd like to think I've done the same for her from time to time, because it seems to me that one of the things marriage is about is casting the tiebreaking vote when you just can't decide what you should do next.
Israelmore Ayivor|Our work is directly proportional to the distances our dreams travel across, as force (power) is a constant factor
Frank Zappa|The essence of Christianity is told us in the Garden of Eden history. The fruit that was forbidden was on the tree of knowledge. The subtext is, 'All the suffering you have is because you wanted to find out what was going on. You could be in the Garden of Eden if you had just kept your fucking mouth shut and hadn't asked any questions.
Richard P. Feynman|I understood at a very early age that in nature, I felt everything I should feel in church but never did. Walking in the woods, I felt in touch with the universe and with the spirit of the universe.
Edith Sitwell|Eccentricity is not, as some would believe, a form of madness. It is often a kind of innocent pride, and the man of genius and the aristocrat are frequently regarded as eccentrics because genius and aristocrat are entirely unafraid of and uninfluenced by the opinions and vagaries of the crowd.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Instead of you to be at the mercy of whatever they have made you into, rebuild your life into what it should be.
A.W. Tozer, Preparing for Jesus' Return: Daily Live the Blessed Hope|In other words, Hitler's soul life was not mature enough at that moment to maintain an awareness of himself and his surroundings when this alien entity entered him. During the following six months during a series of irregular meetings and discussions with Hitler, Walter Stein was to witness a maturing soul development in this enigmatic character through which he became more and more a conscious and responsive tool of the world-shattering purposes of the demonic Spirit which overshadowed him. 'I move like a sleep-walker where Providence dictates,' said Adolf Hitler at a press interview.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some people each left their spouse or lover because he or she was no longer the primary source of their happiness; some, because their spouse or lover was, at that time, the primary source of their unhappiness.
Robin York, Deeper|Everybody has a dream, to make that dream a reality, one must work hard.
C. JoyBell C.|Do not limit yourself to your own preconceptions of yourself, but throw yourself out onto a blank page that you haven't written on yet, and see what you find out about you, see what story unfolds, see what happens! I always do this, and sometimes it can be very frightening! To very often have a blank page with nothing written on it yet! I feel as though I am a soul with a single covering–my body of skin– and that's the only thing between me on the inside and the rest of the world! It's quite frightening to begin each day on a blank page, forgetting your own preconceptions of yourself and allowing your mind to embrace the new! It is like meeting yourself for the first time, over and over again!
Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell|Equality of condition, though it is certainly a basic requirement for justice, is nevertheless among the greatest and most uncertain ventures of modern mankind. The more equal conditions are, the less explanation there is for the differences that actually exist between people; and thus all the more unequal do individuals and groups become. This perplexing consequence came fully to light as soon as equality was no longer seen in terms of an omnipotent being like God or an unavoidable common destiny like death. Whenever equality becomes a mundane fact in itself, without any gauge by which it may be measured or explained, then there is one chance in a hundred that it will be recognized simply as a working principle of a political organization in which otherwise unequal people have equal rights; there are ninety-nine chances that it will be mistaken for an innate quality of every individual, who is “normal” if he is like everybody else and “abnormal” if he happens to be different. This perversion of equality from a political into a social concept is all the more dangerous when a society leaves but little space for special groups and individuals, for then their differences become all the more conspicuous.
David Mitchell|I would agree with your statement that many of my protagonists are outsiders. I wonder if we all are, and even people who don't think they are, and they're just better at masking it. When we shut our bedroom door at night, however well-integrated we think we are with the rest of society, maybe there's something illusory about that...
Debasish Mridha|Our heart is made by the love, for the love, and with the love.
Stephenie Meyer, Twilight|I'll cover you in flowers someday, Julie-girl.
Erik Pevernagie|I think nothing is good, I really think it is.
Roshan Sharma|Mind is not your brain, but mind is subtle clothing that is spread over your entire physical body and doesn’t limit itself only with the physical part of the brain.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I believe that this world, as we know it, will come to an end . . . This is not fanciful imagination but the clear and repeated testimony of the Bible.
Ray Liotta|To say that a work of art is good, but incomprehensible to the majority of men, is the same as saying of some kind of food that it is very good but that most people can't eat it.
Gina Barreca|During several centuries Clochemerle, far from the cities and trade routes, had lived in stillness and isolation. But now, at last, the clamour of the great world was crossing the invisible barrier, bringing doubts, temptations, and discontents.
Azra Tabassum|This girl of my dreams, this girl who is more like me than anyone I've ever met, wants to kiss me.I take over control as soon as she tilts her head. Our lips touch for the briefest moment before I lace my fingers in her hair and keep kissing her soft and gentle. I cup her cheek in my palm, feeling her baby-soft skin against my rough fingers. My body urges me to take advantage of the situation, but my brain (the one inside my head) keeps me in check.A satisfied sigh escapes Brittany's mouth, as if she's content to stay in my arms forever.I brush the tip of my tongue against her lips, enticing her to open her mouth. She tentatively meets my tongue with her own. Our mouths and tongues mingle in a slow, erotic dance until the sound of the front door opening makes her jerk
Sidin Vadukut, The Sceptical Patriot: Exploring the Truths Behind the Zero and Other Indian Glories|each year India produces thousands upon thousands of eighteen-year olds who have little to no instructed idea of the last sixty years of Indian history. They have no idea if or how those five-year plans worked. They have no idea if or how the Non-Aligned Movement worked. They have no idea about the numerous wars India has fought against Pakistan or China. They have no idea, for instance, of what many people call the greatest threat to India’s internal security: the Naxal movement. What created this Naxal movement? And why is the movement popular where it is? Our youth doesn’t know.
Israelmore Ayivor|If you want your dreams to work out for you, you must work with them. Pay the price and have the package of your accomplishments in full versions.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May the New Year bring you new strength, new hope and new dreams.
Todd Barry|A knowledge of the forces that rule society, of the causes that have produced its upheavals, and of society's resources for promoting healthy progress has become of vital concern to our civilization.
Stacy A King|Parenting should be a passion, not a part-time pursuit.
Danica McKellar|As a small child in England, I had this dream of going to Africa. We didn't have any money and I was a girl, so everyone except my mother laughed at it. When I left school, there was no money for me to go to university, so I went to secretarial college and got a job.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|They ask themselves: “What will he do?” “How will he react?” “Will he go mad?” “Will he bite?” “Will he be armed?” They’re pumped up with fear. Adrenaline pumping, fingers tense on the trigger, brains racing. And I’m cool as a cat! The name ‘Charles Bronson’ causes panic! The name ‘Mickey Peterson’ causes stress! The police all love to arrest me, as I’m the most exciting madman they will ever arrest! It’s a fact. So here I am years later, and I’m still the madman. There is no escaping my past.
D.J. MacHale, The Pilgrims of Rayne|Ugly people kill people all the time. But when pretty people did, it got attention.
Michael Hayden|Renditions before and since 9/11 share some basic features. They have been conducted lawfully, responsibly and with a clear and single purpose: Get terrorists off the street and gain intelligence on those still at large. Our detention and interrogation programs flow from the same inescapable logic.
Dada Bhagwan|Whatever work you do in this world; the work itself has no value. If there is attachment-abhorrence behind that work, then only you are responsible for the next life. You are not responsible if attachment-abhorrence don’t occur.
Bob Marley|You missed breakfast," Jason announced as Trevor stepped into the large busy kitchen filled with Bradfords and food."That's fine. I'm not really hungry," he said, barely aware or caring that all activity in the busy kitchen suddenly stopped as every Bradford in the room, even one year old Cole stopped trying to climb onto the counter to get at the large platter of cookies his mother made to stare at him in disbelief.
David Ebershoff, The 19th Wife|There is no God, but we whole world can creat (God) by loving & helping eachothers !
Tim Meadows|However successful you are, there is no substitute for a close relationship. We all need them.
Peter Seibel, Coders at Work|and line of cases. Justice Byron R. "Whizzer" White, a JFK appointee, dissented, calling Doe an act of "raw judicial power," as it took these decisions from the states and enshrined their determination in the Supreme Court's reasoning.
H.G. Wells, You Can't Be Too Careful|But the old traditions of sectarian misdirection still in spite of a certain advance in technical efficiency, cripple and distort the general mind. "All that has been changed," cry indignant teachers under criticism. But the evidence that this teaching of theirs still fails to produce a public that is alert, critical, and capable of vigorous readjustment in the face of overwhelming danger, is to be seen in the newspapers that satisfy the Tewler public, the arguments and slogans that appeal to it, the advertisements that succeed with it, the stuff it swallows. It is a press written by Homo Tewler for Homo Tewler all up and down the scale. The Times Tewler, the Daily Mail Tewler, the Herald, the Tribune, the Daily Worker; there is no difference except a difference in scale and social atmosphere. Through them all ran the characteristic Tewler streak of willful ignorance, deliberate disingenuousness, and self-protective illusion.
Billy Graham|Don't be discouraged if the answer to your prayer does not come immediately. Study, ponder, and pray, sincerely having faith, and live the commandments.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|How can you be happy in this world? You have a hole in your heart. You have a gateway inside you to lands beyond the world you know. They will call you, as you grow. There can never be a time when you forget them, when you are not, in your heart, questing after something you cannot have, something you cannot even properly imagine, the lack of which will spoil your sleep and your day and your life, until you close your eyes for the final time...
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|You and I may have never met, but I already know much of what you want in your life: to be happy and feel valued. We all want love, connection, respect, confidence, health, vitality, passion, kindness, and success.
Sunday Adelaja|Those who are men in God’s eyes would live and die for the promotion of equity, fairness and impartiality
R.H. Blyth|Can we cut the Zen crap for a moment?" I ask. "I'm trying to beat this bag to a pulp.
Michelle Passoff|To have more peace, as well as more time, start by letting go of the notion that time can be manipulated. Then, let go of the idea that it confines you. Instead, set out to use the time that is there for its true and best purpose – as the space within which you can live your life to the fullest.
|One can only be constantly envious of other people's achievements through idleness, because true dreamers are too focused on their goals and dreams to be worrying about other people's business.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|That's the problem with winning right from the start, thought Ender. you lose friends.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Has it not ‘dawned’ on us that many of the things that we incessantly blame others for are actually things that our actions originally set in motion? Or, are we too weak to experience a ‘dawning’ of that sort?
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|His face was gaunt, scraped and bloody, his hair dusted with cobwebs, but when he locked eyes with her, she thought he had never looked more handsome.Percy & Annabeth
Kentetsu Takamori, You Were Born for a Reason: The Real Purpose of Life|Absent a sense of the preciousness of one's own life, why respect the life of anyone else?
Myron Moskovitz, California Eviction Defense Manual|On June 15, 2013, Ethan Couch killed four pedestrians and injured two others in Westlake, Texas.[ 13] Mr. Couch killed Breanna Mitchell, whose car broke down; Hollie and Shelby Boyles, who came to assist Breanna; and Brian Jennings, a youth minister who also stopped to help. In addition, Mr. Couch critically injured two of his passengers, Solimon Mohmand and Sergio Molina.[ 14] The sixteen-year-old teen admitted to speeding and being drunk when he lost control of his pickup. Tests revealed he had a blood-alcohol level three times the legal limit and traces of Valium in his system at the time of the accident.----------------On December 10, 2013, Eric Boyles, the man who lost his wife Hallie and only daughter Shelby in the fatal accident, discovered that Mr. Couch would serve the minimal time in prison for his actions.[ 16] In fact, Mr. Couch was sentenced to exactly zero days in prison. Although Mr. Couch was driving 70 mph in a 40 mph zone, had a blood alcohol level of 0.24, and had valium in his system, Judge Jean Boyd granted Mr. Couch extreme leniency.[ 17] In lieu of prison time, the Judge sentenced Mr. Couch to ten years of probation and In assessing the ruling, a New York Times Article suggests the defense of “affluenza” played a critical role in the decision. The Article stated: Judge Boyd did not discuss her reasoning for her order, but it came after a psychologist called by the defense argued that Mr. Couch should not be sent to prison because he suffered from ‘affluenza’ — a term that dates at least to the 1980s to describe the psychological problems that can afflict children of privilege. Prosecutors said they had never heard of a case where the defense tried to blame a young man’s conduct on the parents’ wealth. And the use of the term and the judge’s sentence have outraged the families of those Mr. Couch killed and injured, as well as victim rights advocates who questioned whether a teenager from a low-income family would have received as lenient a penalty.[ 19] "This has been a very frustrating experience for me," said prosecutor Richard Alpert. "I'm used to a system where the victims have a voice and their needs are strongly considered. The way the system down here is currently handled, the way the law is, almost all the focus is on the offender.
Jo Nesbø, Blood on Snow|Sluts don't have a choice, darling. And you've forfeited yours.
Shannon McKenna, Behind Closed Doors|Lovers do things together! They rent videos, they ride Ferris wheels, they go out for pizza, they play Scrabble. They . . . they talk!''Talk?' He lifted his head and frowned, his eyes puzzled. 'We talk all the time, Raine. I've never had such talkative sex.''That's just it!' She wiggled, flailed, but couldn't budge him. 'Two minutes alone with you, and I'm flat on my back. Every single time!'A slow, knowing grin spread over his face. 'Is this your way of telling me you want to be on top?
Marcel Proust|Just is not by other men of intelligence that an intelligent an is afraid of being thought a fool, so it is not by the great gentleman but by boors and 'bounders' that a man of fashion is afraid of finding his social value underrated. Three-fourths of the mental ingenuity displayed, of the social falsehoods scattered broadcast ever since the world began by people whose importance they have served only to diminish, have been aimed at inferiors.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|They say that animals are incapable of feelings and reasoning. This is false. No living thing on earth is void of either. They also say that man is the most intelligent — and the most superior — species on earth. This is also false. It is very arrogant to assume that we are the most intelligent species when we keep repeating the same mistakes over and over again. It has been shown that both rats and monkeys learn from making errors, yet we have not. Our history proves this. All creatures on earth have the capacity to love and grieve the same way we do. No life on the planet is more deserving than another. Those who think so, are the true savages.
Margaret Atwood, Interlunar|Though I knew how this failure would hurt you, I had to fold like a grey moth and let go.You could not believe I was more than your echo.
Cherise Sinclair, Master of the Abyss|And since I am a man, I would appreciate it if you would cry for us both, gatita.
E.L. Konigsburg, The View from Saturday|Who made the world I cannot tell;'Tis made, and here I am in hell.
John Cusack|It's difficult to do a genre film well, and it doesn't matter if you're talking vampire movies or 'Dawn of the Dead' or 'The Thing' or 'Escape From New York.' Those kind of movies, they understand what the old-school B-movie is supposed to be, they get the throwback of it.
Geronimo|When you're young, you wonder what all these old people are droning on about, trying to impart their wisdom. It's not relevant to you because being young is such a specific thing. Thank God for that. Thank God for the young people who go out and demonstrate against rampant capitalism or whatever.
Clara Cannucciari, Clara's Kitchen: Wisdom, Memories, and Recipes from the Great Depression|Family was very important to us. It was one of the only things we had, and what kept up grounded. Some of the best times we had were the times when we were all together. It didn't matter what we were doing. During the holidays or just on a weekend afternoon, the whole point was just being together. There doesn't seem to be as much of that going on today. People are so busy. But family is everything.
Darnell Lamont Walker|He looked up and I realised how close we were, both of us leaning in together. I blinked a few times, suddenly light-headed, but not like before when I'd passed out. Being so close to the smooth dark skin of his face, getting lost in the shifting shades of his green eyes, it felt like my insides were fluttering and melting.
Mary Balogh, Simply Perfect|Someone once said anyone can be great under rosy circumstances, but the true test of character is measured by how well a person makes decisions during difficult times.
David Chang|I'm not a machine. I get really motivated, then I fall off the wagon and want to eat Chinese food and sit on my couch and gain five or 10 pounds!
SWAMI SHARNANAND JI, ASCENT TRICONFLUENT|Stages may exist on the path, but there is no question of stages in the goal. The goal of man is self-realization. Self-realisation is never partial. What is partial is not Self-realisation.
Thurgood Marshall|If I am walking with two other men, each of them will serve as my teacher. I will pick out the good points of the one and imitate them, and the bad points of the other and correct them in myself.
Frank O'Hara|Too many poets act like a middle-aged mother trying to get her kids to eat too much cooked meat, and potatoes with drippings (tears). I don't give a damn whether they eat or not. Forced feeding leads to excessive thinness (effete). Nobody should experience anything they don't need to, if they don't need poetry bully for them. I like the movies too. And after all, only Whitman and Crane and Williams, of the American poets, are better than the movies.
Boria Sax, Imaginary Animals: The Monstrous, the Wondrous and the Human|I can turn into anything," he said with emphasis. "Even another werewolf." When Daisy blinked back at him, too dumbfounded to speak, Talent laughed, heartily. She'd been correct. He was devastating when he truly smiled. "Haven't you learned, woman? You've fallen off the map. Here there be monsters.
Rachel Van Dyken, Toxic|I will love you like the desert burns along the sun when they are together,and when you will be gone,just like every one else,I will cry for you like the snow that melts at the first hint of summer...and hoping that you'll be backI will miss you like the clouds lose themselves when it rains...
John M Sheehan|This living light found in books and letters showing us the mind and heart of God; love written in letters also flowing with blood let's us see into the past and future alike giving hope, faith, and love on every page writing a never ending story on the hearts of men, women, and children alike who receive such truth and follow this light.
Elizabeth Gilbert|I get called 'the girl off the dancing horse.' I just laugh; I think it's really funny. It's true, isn't it? It's great we're getting that recognition.
Alex Guarnaschelli|I want everyone to put their views forward, every union branch, every party branch, so we develop organically the strengths we all have, the imagination we all have.
Jim Bishop|Constant repetition of tongue-twisters was like lifting weights for me, but patience and persistence have paid off.
Kelli Jae Baeli, ISO|Cooperativeness is not so much learning how to get along with others as taking the kinks out of ourselves, so that others can get along with us.
André Aciman|What he was after hangs between the visible and the invisible, between the here and now and the seemingly elsewhere.
Keith Haring|There is an urgent need to stop subsidizing the fossil fuel industry, dramatically reduce wasted energy, and significantly shift our power supplies from oil, coal, and natural gas to wind, solar, geothermal, and other renewable energy sources.
Peter Drucker|You cannot simply put something new into a place. You have to absorb what you see around you, what exists on the land, and then use that knowledge along with contemporary thinking to interpret what you see.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|I have had to experience so much stupidity, so many vices, so much error, so much nausea, disillusionment and sorrow, just in order to become a child again and begin anew. I had to experience despair, I had to sink to the greatest mental depths, to thoughts of suicide, in order to experience grace.
Ralph Ellison, Invisible Man|I do not know if all cops are poets, but I know that all cops carry guns with triggers.
James Marshall Smith, Silent Source|Wear the Spanx. You might not want to squeeze them over your ass in the morning, but when you see that mac and cheese at lunch (do it, you beautiful monster) you'll be glad there're there, doing the lord's work.
Peter F. Drucker|Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision.
Missy Elliott|If we have a great idea, we'll go, 'Oh, this could be a cool movie.' Or really for us, it's more like, 'Oh, this is a really bad idea. Let's do this. This seems really stupid.'
Kim Harrison, Holidays Are Hell|She tasted the day he lost his first job. She tasted the morning he had awakened, still drunk, in his car, in the middle of a cornfield, and, terrified, had sworn off the bottle for ever. She knee his real name. She remembered the name that had once been tattooed on his arm and knew why it could be there no longer. She tasted the color of his eyes from the inside, and shivered at the nightmare he had in which he was forced to carry spiny fish in his mouth, and from which he woke, choking, night after night. She savored the hungers in food and fiction, and discovered a dark sky when he was a small boy and he had stared up at the stars and wondered at their vastness and immensity, that even he had forgotten.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|You stare at your dream from a distance, longing, sighing, seeing what you deem is a warning of IMPOSSIBLE. But if you would squint real hard you would see the truth; the sign correctly reads 'I'M POSSIBLE.
Bruce Springsteen|A lot of people ask me, 'How did you have the courage to walk up to record labels when you were 12 or 13 and jump right into the music industry?' It's because I knew I could never feel the kind of rejection that I felt in middle school. Because in the music industry, if they're gonna say no to you, at least they're gonna be polite about it.
Tamim Ansary, Destiny Disrupted: A History of the World through Islamic Eyes|Back therefore we find ourselves returning. Back to the wisdom of the plough; back to the wisdom of those who follow the sea. It is all a matter of the wheel coming full-circle. For the sophisticated system of mental reactions to which we finally give our adherence is only the intellectualised reproduction of what more happily constituted natures, without knowing what they possess, possess. Thus between true philosophers and the true simple people there is a magnetic understanding; whereas, the clever ones whose bastard culture only divorces them from the wisdom of the earth remain pilloried and paralysed on the prongs of their own conceit".
Albert Camus|The most common ego identifications have to do with possessions, the work you do, social status and recognition, knowledge and education, physical appearance, special abilities, relationships, person and family history, belief systems, and often nationalistic, racial, religious, and other collective identifications. None of these is you.
Marilyn Suttle, Who's Your Gladys?: How to Turn Even the Most Difficult Customer Into Your Biggest Fan|For every dilemma, find at least three or four possible solutions. The creative process leads to better results.
Charles Bukowski, Women|There's no way I can stop writing, it's a form of insanity.
Cathleen Schine, The Love Letter|Besides, unrequited love is one of those things that all teen-agers have to go through, right?
Joe Queenan, True Believers: The Tragic Inner Life of Sports Fans|Baseball, of all sports, and maybe of all human endeavors, has no room for cynicism.
Jennifer Comeaux, Fighting for the Edge|I had witnessed his pain in motion; the way he had stroked over the sea fueled by something so similar to what fueled me. The agony he couldn’t hide from his caramel-colored eyes. I was drawn to whatever was broken in him, probably in the same way that he was drawn to what was broken in me.
Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton|Life always rides in strength to victory, not through internationalism... but only through the direct responsibility of the individual.
Stephanie Danler, Sweetbitter|Richard, marked for misery and defeat, acknowledged that power which sentiment possesses to exalt us—to convince us that our minds, endowed with a soaring, restless aspiration, can find no repose on earth except in love.
Veronica Blade, Something Witchy This Way Comes|I'm going to go throw up now, because ive turned into my dad. If vomiting doesn't work, I'll see if I can get an exorcism.
Lionel Suggs|I create lies for people in order for them to find something true about themselves. I teach people that lies are doors that opens up to truth. Either you accept the lie, or you run away from it, thus, eliminating the meaning behind it, and what is could have accomplished.
Seneca|If a man knows not to which port he sails, no wind is favorable.
Priya Ardis, My Merlin Awakening|The Lady may favoryou, but at least I am in charge of my own destiny.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer|The ocean was waiting with grand and bitter provocations, as if it invited you to think how deep it was, how much colder than your blood or saltier, or to outguess it, to tell which were its feints or passes and which its real intentions, meaning business.
Sheri Dew, If Life Were Easy, It Wouldn't Be Hard: And Other Reassuring Truths|In the things that really matter--our covenants, the commandments, and following the prophet--we need to be completely united. In the non-essentials, we have our agency to handle things as we see fit. But, in all things, regardless of whether we make the same choices or not, we are to treat each other with dignity and respect, both of which are evidences of charity in our hearts and lives.
Jeffrey A. Lockwood|Ecology is beginning to slowly shift focus with tentative explorations of what the world would look like if process, rather than matter were the basis for reality What if we defined a species in terms of its life processes? We might seriously doubt whether the California condor or the tall grass prairie can be 'saved' or even 'restored.' Perhaps we can re-create some local conditions that foster a few nests of condors or a few acres of prairie. But the life process of the condor ended with the urbanization of the California foothills and the living ebb and flow of the tall grass prairies died with the plowing of the Great Plains. What if we suggested that a thing is what it does? In this light, the Rocky Mountain locust was a immense aperiodic energy flow that linked life processes on a continental scale.This notion of life-as-process might seem unusual in a society in which material existence is primary. But such a perception informs our deepest understanding of life. Indeed, life-as-process underlies our notion of euthanasia. When loved ones are simply bodies, devoid of the capacity to care, respond, or relate again a away that we can recognize as being "them," we understand that they are gone even before they are dead.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|Another time, talking about his books, the baroness confessed that she had never bothered to read any of them, because she hardly ever read 'difficult' or 'dark' novels like the ones he wrote. With the years, too, this habit had grown entrenched, and once she turned seventy the scope of her reading was restricted to fashion or news magazines.
Jane Austin|Where there is a real superiority of mind, pride will be always under good regulation.
Munia Khan|Bookworms are the most precious worms in the world when they are humans, feeding upon the paper's body with their starving minds.
Bec McMaster, Shadowbound|I will give you my days... but, my dear sorceress, your nights are mine.
Victoria Erickson|Although I deeply love oceans, deserts and other wild landscapes, it is only mountains that beckon me with that sort of painful magnetic pull to walk deeper and deeper into their beauty. They keep me continuously wanting to know more, feel more, see more.
Kelly Clarkson|To create well I have to be in a good mood, happy and cool.
Bill Hybels, Axiom: Powerful Leadership Proverbs|Time is the most precious gift you can give to someone, because if you give someone your time. It's a part of your life that you will never get back.
Jonathan Tisch|I'm only just learning what language to use when I want my microphone turned down, you know, because it's all so new to me. It can be quite difficult on a daily basis to communicate with the people I work with, so I'm just looking forward to knowing more.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|A writer is one who communicates ideas and emotions people want to communicate but aren't quite sure how, or even if, they should communicate them.
Unarine Ramaru|The things you have are a shared effort, Gods blessings and human strength. Give thanks for the blessings in all situations.
James Gould Cozzens, The Just and the Unjust|The innocent supposition, entertained by most people, that even if they are not brilliant, they are not dumb, is correct only in a very relative sense.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi|The major civilizing force in the world is not religion, it is sex.
Stephen Co|If certain Jewish communities had distinctive qualities, they were due to history, not biology.
Kristen Simmons, Article 5|The fear, momentarily paused, returned with full force, and in this frantic, baffled state I ran to him, and leapt into his arms. He seemed surprised at first but soon was squeezing back. "It's all right," he soothed. "No one's hurt. You're okay."His words sliced through me, and for the first time since he'd taken me from school, I knew the truth about us: I could not be okay if he was not okay. Pain, nightmares, fighting- all of it aside- he was a part of me.
Anthony Hamilton|Sometimes we may ask God for success, and He gives us physical and mental stamina. We might plead for prosperity, and we receive enlarged perspective and increased patience, or we petition for growth and are blessed with the gift of grace. He may bestow upon us conviction and confidence as we strive to achieve worthy goals.
Martha Stewart|Revelations are conveyed in a variety of ways, including, for example, dreams, visions, conversations with heavenly messengers, and inspiration. Some revelations are received immediately and intensely; some are recognized gradually and subtly.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Writing is an exhausting and demoralizing task that destroys human conceits. Writing an elongated series of personal essay opens a person’s mind to explore paradoxes and discover previously unrealized personal truths. Writing is as arduous as any trek into the wilderness. Every sentence takes a writer deeper into the jungle of the mind, a world of frightening inconsistencies created by our waking life’s desire that the world of chaos conform to our convenience.
Kimberly Guilfoyle|I am suggesting that as we go through life, we 'accentuate the positive.' I am asking that we look a little deeper for the good, that we still our voices of insult and sarcasm, that we more generously compliment and endorse virtue and effort.
Jacques Yonnet, Paris Noir: The Secret History of a City|For the words of a vow are sacred not only among men and the angels, but among the demons as well.
Cristin Harber, Westin's Chase|Oh for Christ sakes. Ay carrumba, chimichanga. I have no idea what you’re saying, but shut your pretty pie hole.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems: Love Conquers All|Three magic words come out of your mouth; Maybe accidentally pronounced. Your eyes said, I love you; with Bliss as my ears have heard it.
John Stuart Mill|Come, sir, come,I'll wrestle with you in my strength of love.Look, here I have you, thus I let you go,And give you to the gods.
Mommy Moo Moo|Sun shines above making diamonds of lightTink-tinkling, tap dancing and bright.from Atlantic Ocean, My Old Friend by Mommy Moo Moo
Rose Wynters, My Wolf Cowboy|Once he got there, he stopped and looked back. “You know, the thing about manners is that we only seem to notice the lack of them in others. It's a lot harder to see mistakes in ourselves.
Shreyas Tripathy|The meaning of pain is different for different people ... It depends on their age, their experience and their knowledge. But the intensity of it is the same, young or old ... and unfortunately it is inevitable ... just like failure, that results in more pain ...It's a vicious cycle.
Lawren Leo, Love's Shadow: Nine Crooked Paths|You see, Dr. Sherrington,' the devil said, 'we are more alike than you think.' He got up again on all fours looking in the direction of the voice. It was time to face the devil.
Fiona McIntosh, The French Promise|I loved them too and while you might lay a greater claim to them, I defy you to miss your wife any more than I’ll miss my best friend or your child, who was every inch a son to me.
Kenneth L. Pike|Do not love leisure. Waste not a minute. Be bold. Realize the Truth, here and now!
William S. Burroughs, Junky|Even as a junkie I stayed true [to vegetarianism] - 'I shall have heroin, but I shan't have a hamburger.' What a sexy little paradox.
Stephen Batchelor, Confession of a Buddhist Atheist|We see, at least with intellect, that beyond both true and false is truth; that there is beauty beyond our present views on the beautiful and ugly; that pleasure-pain can now alike be transcended, and that some day we shall truly see that 'form is emptiness and the very emptiness is form'.
Kaui Hart Hemmings, The Descendants|Ask any child who failed to live up to his parents’ idea of success, and you’ll likely hear that they never felt good enough, or that their parents had expectations that they could not live up to.
Coco Nicole Estef|Everyone is beautiful but (unfortunately), we will usually stick to the person that reflects our confidence of beauty.
Laura Miller|I never said I was sad, I’m just pessimistic,” said Alecto. “Expect the worst, that way you’ll never be disappointed, Mandy Valems.
Steven E. Wedel, Call to the Hunt|If you come away with me, I can promise you pain and disgrace,” I said. “But I will love you like no other can.
John Connolly, The Book of Lost Things|My best ideas come in the shower, where I’m showered with water, but also ideas.
the-masamune|Don’t betray people. Don’t cheat on people. Don’t fuck people over. Because the pain you inflict on them is not the type of pain that is quick and soon over with. Its the type of pain that never ever truly goes away. Even when the wound seems to have healed, some memory will surface and suddenly it tears wide open and the wound becomes fresh again. It never stops hurting. Its tough enough to mend a broken heart, but mending a heart that has been broken by betrayal is almost brutally impossible.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, N for Nigger: Aphorisms for Grown Children and Childish Grown-ups|The byline is a replacement for many other things, not the least of them money. If someone ever does a great psychological profile of journalism as a profession, what will be apparent will be the need for gratification—if not instant, then certainly relatively immediate. Reporters take sustenance from their bylines; they are a reflection of who you are, what you do, and why, to an uncommon degree, you exist. ... A journalist always wonders: If my byline disappears, have I disappeared as well?
C.S. Lewis, That Hideous Strength|His education had been neither scientific nor classical—merely “Modern.” The severities both of abstraction and of high human tradition had passed him by: and he had neither peasant shrewdness nor aristocratic honour to help him. He was a man of straw, a glib examinee in subjects that require no exact knowledge (he had always done well on Essays and General Papers) and the first hint of a real threat to his bodily life knocked him sprawling.
Donna M. Zadunajsky|when you make numerous mistakes, don't worry. You have numerous lessons of life in your bosom. The most important thing is recognizing, accepting and learning the lessons out of the lessons. just ponder!
Diana Gabaldon, The Fiery Cross|I’d put more distance between us. Having us here, always together hasn’t allowed for any fondness to grow between us.
Paul Rudnick|As a writer, I need an enormous amount of time alone. Writing is 90 percent procrastination: reading magazines, eating cereal out of the box, watching infomercials. It's a matter of doing everything you can to avoid writing, until it is about four in the morning and you reach the point where you have to write. Having anybody watching that or attempting to share it with me would be grisly.
Donna Grant, Hot Blooded|What did she say?" Eibhear asked."She basically said...she does not like me. We would not be friends. And if we had sex, it would be only because she was bored. Long nights and all.
J.K. Rowling|Don’t let it worry you," said Ron. "It’s me. I’m extremely famous.
George Gissing, New Grub Street|But just understand the difference between a man like Reardon and a man like me. He is the old type of unpractical artist; I am the literary man of 1882. He won't make concessions, or rather, he can't make them; he can't supply the market. I--well, you may say that at present, I do nothing; but that's a great mistake, I am learning my business. Literature nowadays is a trade. Putting aside men of genius, who may succeed by mere cosmic force, your successful man of letters is your skilful tradesman. He thinks first and foremost of the markets; when one kind of goods begins to go off slackly, he is ready with something new and appetising. He knows perfectly all the possible sources of income. Whatever he has to sell, he'll get payment for it from all sorts of various quarters; none of your unpractical selling for a lump sum to a middleman who will make six distinct profits.
Dejan Stojanovic, Serbian Satire and Aphorisms|Actual artists are like mythological creatures,' she heard herself opine. 'You hear about them, but a sighting's pretty rare.
Maria V. Snyder, Magic Study|At the back of our brains, so to speak, there was a forgotten blaze or burst of astonishment at our own existence. The object of the artistic and spiritual life was to dig for this submerged sunrise of wonder.
Claudy Conn, Spellbound|Elphaba gave him a sidelong glance. “I think you enjoy going to school, Nick. Are you sure canoodling with teenage girls isn’t your ulterior motive?”“Perish the thought, Elphaba, perish the thought. I’m too old for that.” Nick winked. “By about eight hundred years.
Ana Rangel & Gerry O'malley|Emotional pain is also self-inflicted. It will remain with you until you reclaim the infinite power within. You need to be constantly mindful, expanding your awareness to go beyond your negative emotions. Be aware of your emotions and consciously raise them when they are low. People need to know that there’s something else beside the ego, the control, the power and the rules. You believe there’s something more, a reality that is aligned with your heart, you don’t fear. You are working your way out of the restricted perspective presented to you.
Dada Bhagwan|Everything is present in the world. However, your ‘emotional state’ does not allow it to come to you. ‘Emotional’ as in instability. While going to eat, one will worry, 'will I get food or not?' That indeed is instability. If you remain stable, then everything will come to you.
Katherine McIntyre, Stolen Petals|On one side of his brain, logic was standing on a chair, waving its arms to get his attention. On the other side, lust and yearning rubbed their hands together in unholy anticipation.
George Takei|I have fallen in love with granola, in life and at work. I exercise every morning, and then I have a monstrous day in front of me. Granola gives me energy. It's quick, tasty, and healthy.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|If thinking should precede acting, then acting must succeed thinking.
Meg Wolitzer|I think having the knowledge, plus the experiences you've lived through, make you definitely not fragile. They make you brave.
Debasish Mridha|When you take an action with love, there is always happiness.
Faraaz Kazi, Truly, Madly, Deeply|If not towards his case to give him glimpses of what could be a happy future, it stayed back at least to warrant her happiness, stayed back with the pain that strangely didn’t hurt anymore.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|I found myself in a pattern of being attracted to people who were somehow unavailable, and what I realized was that I was protecting myself because I equate the idea of connection and love with trauma and death.
Bill Hicks|Above, in discussing the perceptive notions of Jesus, remarkable concepts of Plato or the highly introspective lessons of Gautama and Lao Tzu, it took considerable discussion to explore the meaning and relate it to How Life Works. Islam presents no such deep pool of thought to pierce.
Graham Hawkes|From cell phones to computers, quality is improving and costs are shrinking as companies fight to offer the public the best product at the best price. But this philosophy is sadly missing from our health-care insurance system.
Maya Angelou|I don't believe an accident of birth makes people sisters or brothers. It makes them siblings, gives them mutuality of parentage. Sisterhood and brotherhood is a condition people have to work at.
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|Do you answer a question directly?""Hard to say. Ah, there, I've done it again
Christine Warren, Hard as a Rock|She tilted her head to glare up at him. "There you go with the 'little witch' thing again. What did I tell you about that?"	Knox grinned unrepentantly. "What can I say? You have bewitched me.
Larry Itejere, The Lamtin Star|Some truths are hard to swallow, so we share it within tales that most people will accept without being frightened by the truth hidden within.
|You could be the next person to succeed if you choose to learn from successful people instead of being envious of them. Moreover, aren't they successful because they learned and continue to learn from others?
Sunday Adelaja|Someone asked me, what colour were those two years of living in Korea? I thought about it for a long time. There was no colour, I don't know what colour hard work is.
Christine Lewry, Thin Wire: A Mother's Journey Through Her Daughter's Heroin Addiction|There occurs the beautiful feeling that only humanity together is the true human being, and that the individual can be cheerful and happy only if he has the courage to feel himself in the Whole.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|Reading is like thinking, like praying, like talking to a friend, like expressing your ideas, like listening to other people's ideas, like listening to music, like looking at the view, like taking a walk on the beach.
Ratish Edwards|CageIt's a tear i want to shed,For the weathered roses that once was red,Today it's a decision want to make,To move on in life ignoring the fate,It's the promises i want to break,Because its a nightmare and i want to awake,It is the poem that don't rhyme,I don't know how, but things changed with the tides of time,It's the memories i want to forget,Now i am tired, no more i can regret,I'm the one, who feels alone in the crowd,I want to cry, run and shout out loud,Please leave me alone, relieve me from the pain,I am empty now, there is nothing more you can regain,Look at me and deep into my eyes,You will find the love that never dies
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The greatest fulfillment, personal development.
Cyndi Goodgame, Gargoyle|Nature does not create works of art. It is we, and the faculty of interpretation peculiar to the human mind, that see art.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|In the deepest hour of the night, confess to yourself that you would die if you were forbidden to write. And look deep into your heart where it spreads its roots, the answer, and ask yourself, must I write?
David        Cook, Liberty or Death|I do not need to understand words to know he is disappointed I am not a boy. Some things need no translation. And I know, because my body remembers without benefit of words, that men who do not welcome girl-babies will not treasure me as I grow to woman - though he call me princess just because the Guru told him to.I have come so far, I have borne so much pain and emptiness!But men have not yet changed.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Rime of the Ancient Mariner|Alone, alone, all, all alone, Alone on a wide wide sea! And never a saint took pity on My soul in agony.
Briana Pacheco, A Sky Full of Secrets|I wish you could see what I see when I look at you. You point out all of your flaws like they’re a bad thing, when in reality they are the best parts of you.
Jennifer Senior, All Joy and No Fun: The Paradox of Modern Parenthood|To paint one must forget everything else. Where you live, who you know, what you eat, when to sleep. The landscape of the canvas becomes your only reality. The planet you inhabit is a single plane of infinite dimensions, stretched like a guitar string, and standing before you like a concubine waiting for your command.
Dr. Asoka Jinadasa|Before walking in someone else’s shoes, you have to remove your shoes first.
Otto von Bismarck|My hope is that, factual or fabricated, every line in Tsarina leads to a single truth: that when you forget that those you disagree with are people, not just your faceless opposition, you don't end up proving who is right and who is wrong. You end up with a body count.
M. Kirin|No man can stay for forever young, Unless he is a writer.
Alfred Tennyson|Music that gentlier on the spirit lies,Than tired eyelids upon tired eyes.
Claire Cook, Must Love Dogs|Don't make the mistake of treating your dogs like humans, or they'll treat you like dogs.
John Fogerty|Sometimes I think life is just a rodeo, the trick is to ride and make it to the bell.
David Ebershoff, The Danish Girl|Anna's voice wasn't a beautiful voice - rough edged and sorrowful, a bit used, somehow male and female at once. Yet it had more vibrancy to it than most Danish voices, which were often thin and white and too pretty to trigger a shiver. Anna's voice had the heat of the south; it warmed Einar, as if her throat were red with coals.
Shawn Coyne, Turning Pro|Have you ever taken a good look at a public garbage can in Paris, a paving stone in Rio de Janeiro, or a doorway in Dublin? Trust me -- the man or woman responsible for making those utilitarian objects was creating art.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|Babies of around one year old are often active by day and wake frequently at night, for no obvious reason. Then a mother can feel desparate for sleep yet equally desparate to comfort her baby when he needs her at night. I have spoken to many mothers who have sacrificed their own sleep, waking up numerous times every night because their babies cried for them. It seems terrible that these hardworking women think of themselves as failures as a result. Surely a mother who has chosen to sacrifice her sleep deserves respect and admiration for her generous mothering.
Jennifer Sodini|I am exactly who I am choosing to be. Should I change my choice, the universe will always be there to assist me.
Bill Hybels, Becoming a Contagious Christian|Religion is spelled 'D-O', because it consists of the things people do try to somehow gain God's forgiveness and favor. But the problem is that you never know when you've done enough. But thankfully, Christianity is spelled differently. It's spelled 'D-O-N-E', which means that what we could never for ourselves, Christ has already done for us. To become a real Christian is to humbly receive God's gift of forgiveness and to commit to following His leadership.
Felicity Brandon, Destination Anywhere|You yank my hair back even harder, creating a sudden hurt which nearlytopples me over the edge of the precipice.“Look at me whilst you beg me, little one…
Edmund Burke, Reflections on the Revolution in France|It is ordained in the eternal constitution of things, that men of intemperate minds cannot be free. Their passions forge their fetters.
Aristotle, The Nicomachean Ethics|Without friends, no one would want to live, even if he had all other goods.
Terry Pratchett, Soul Music|Big fat hairy monkey, hands a couple of octaves wide?
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|Expanding on the age-old system of learning while you sleep through audio recordings, NAPS uses the exact same method as you would use for listening to any audio whilst sleeping.
Shia LaBeouf|My mom grew up in the Soviet Bloc, and she was a Tiger Mom. We didn't get away with much.
Cindy Gerard, To the Brink|I guess the answer would be yes.""Got to love that word." He kissed her so sweetly then, it brought tears to her eyes. "Got it in you to say it again?"And then he did the unthinkable. He went down on one knee.
James Agate|I don't know very much but what I do know I know better than anybody, and I don't want to argue about it…My mind is not a bed to be made and re-made. 
Gyalwa Dokhampa, The Restful Mind|It is through the filter of our ego that we give meaning to everything we see, touch, hear, taste and feel.
Robert Aickman, Cold Hand in Mine: Strange Stories|This internal sea. The problem is that this beautiful ocean carries with it loads ay poisonous flotsam and jetsam... that poison is diluted by the sea, but once the ocean rolls out, it leaves the shite behind, inside ma body.
Sunday Adelaja|As believers, we each have a different essence of existence
Jon Porter|Every non-political human grouping of whatever kind, legal, social, religious, economic or other becomes at last political if it creates an opposition deep enough to range men against one another as enemies.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|When we confront with reality, we not only loose peace of mind , but creative power and vision to respond our life.
Nely Cab, Fruit of Misfortune|I want to hate you, to loathe you, to detest you, but for all my attempts, the need to touch you is ten times more powerful.
Justin Theroux|I just love the weather. I live on Miami Beach, which is all boutique hotels and cocktails. I do sometimes go along to smart parties in my white suit, but I wouldn't really recognise any famous people if they were there because I'm not very good at star-spotting.
Roman Payne|I will always know the glory of the beautiful and rare, as they will know security from labour and prayer. As they will hear the laughter of the children they gave life, I will know the torments of the song born under knife.
Benedict Cumberbatch|I had the privilege of being able to choose, or at least have the opportunity to work at, being anything but an actor.
Serena Williams|If a man achieves victory over this body, who in the world can exercise power over him? He who rules himself rules over the whole world.
K. Melissa Kennedy, The Innovation Revolution: Discover the Genius Hiding in Plain Sight|An innovative mind is never once bitten, twice shy.
Zohaib Naseer|Every idea is my last. I feel sure of it. So, I try to do the best with each as it comes and that's where my responsibility ends. But I just don't wait for ideas. I look for them. Constantly. And if I don't use the ideas that I find, they're going to quit showing up.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|You’re the mayfly,' he murmurs.	And then Evan Walker kisses me.	Holding my hand across his chest, his other hand sliding across my neck, his touch feathery soft, sending a shiver that travels down my spine into my legs, which are having a hard time keeping me upright. I can feel his heart slamming against my palm and I can smell his breath and feel the stubble on his upper lip, a sandpapery contrast to the softness of his lips, and Evan is looking at me and I’m looking back at him.
M. Scott Peck, The Road Less Traveled: A New Psychology of Love, Traditional Values, and Spiritual Growth|If an act is not one of work or courage, then it is not an act of love. There are no exceptions.
Thomas Dekooning, The Corsican Dove|He openned the door that he assumed was the garage only to find himself in the pantry.crap."Um . . . grabbing some Pop-Tarts for the road," Nick said, covering his mistake. Still, they both stared at him as if he'd escaped Arkham Asylum. Offering them a fake smile, he grabbed the pastries, crossed himself, and hoped he got the next door correct.Nope. Bathroom.With a pain-filled groan at his rampant stupidity, Nick pretended to use it before he tried again. At least there were only two more doors to go.Fifty-fifty chance.Thankfully, third time was the charm.
Book Editor Angelina|If you are going to write a book,Make sure it is going to be worth reading .
Biju Vasudevan, The Molecular Slaves|Love is like a prison..difficult to breakout,painful to get caught and easier to get in.
Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler|Reading," he says, "is always this: there is a thing that is there, a thing made of writing, a solid material object, which cannot be changed, and through this thing we measure ourselves against something else that is not present, something else that belongs to the immaterial, invisible world, because it can only be thought, imagined, or because it was once and is no longer, past, lost, unattainable, in the land of the dead....""Or that is not present because it does not yet exist, something desire, feared, possible or impossible," Ludmilla says. "Reading is going toward something that is about to be, and no one yet knows what it will be....
Wes Anderson|If I studied all my life, I couldn't think up half the number of funny things passed in one session of congress.
Lawrence M. Krauss, Fear of Physics: A Guide for the Perplexed|We all love a good story. We all love a tantalizing mystery. We all love the underdog pressing onward against seemingly insurmountable odds. We all, in one form or another, are trying to make sense of the world around us. And all of these elements lie at the core of modern physics. The story is among the grandest -- the unfolding of the entire universe; the mystery is among the toughest -- finding out how the cosmos came to be; the odds are among the most daunting -- bipeds, newly arrived by cosmic time scales trying to reveal the secrets of the ages; and the quest is among the deepest -- the search for fundamental laws to explain all we see and beyond, from the tiniest particles to the most distant galaxies.
Amanda Gray, Endless|I didn't ask if he meant his rescue or the deal with Stalker that involved kissing. I couldn't resist pushing, just a little. "So it won't bother you if I find someone else?"His jaw clenched, and I saw the muscle move before he got it under control. "I thought you said you'd fight for me.""And /you/ said it's too late." I offered him a faint smile along with his watch. "So it's a good thing I don't intend to listen to you.
C.S. Lewis|I have learned now that while those who speak about one's miseries usually hurt, those who keep silence hurt more.
Raphael Zernoff|When we become aware of feeling low it can be a reason to rejoice. Why would we be distressed knowing that some unconscious negative belief is trying to get our attention. Let it surface. When we see what it is, it can be transformed into understanding and love.oops... yet another fearful belief has been set free. Now we can enjoy ourselves eagerly anticipating yet another great self-rediscovery.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|The universe was exploding, each particle away from the next, hurtling us into dark and lonely space, eternally tearing us away from each other - child out of the womb, friend away from friend, moving from each other, each through his own pathway towards the goal-box of solitary death.
Mark Horton|The most unknown, unused and unrecognised tool of the human mind, is the recognition that attitude is always a choice.
David Mitchell, Black Swan Green|Why not fall in love with an artist? Otherwise there are no letters, pictures, paintings and songs for you when you wake up.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island|Words aren't made — they grow,' said Anne.
Celia Rivenbark, Bless Your Heart, Tramp: And Other Southern Endearments|She suggested we 'crouch' buck nekkid on the bed or a dresser and leap out at him from the shadows.Now, my husband can't see all that well in the dark. I think if he comes into a darkened bedroom and finds 140 pounds of cellulite hurtling through space at him, he's going to run like the devil.
Yukito Ayatsuji|Death is not friendly. It's dark, black where you look at it. You're all alone. But it's no different when you're alive, right? No matter how many relationships we seem to have, we're all alone. - Misaki Mei
Amanda Craig, A Vicious Circle|He had heard the voice of London that lives and breathes beneath the rumble of traffic, a voice like the continual high-pitched shriek you hear when you put your head beneath the waves of the sea. It is the sound of millions and millions of creatures living and struggling and dying and being born. It commands those who hear it to eat or be eaten..
Jeff VanVonderen, Families Where Grace Is in Place|Sometimes the best way we can serve God is by honouring and taking care of that which has already been give to us. This, is my case, is my children.
Armand Jean du Plessis Richelieu|He was, after all, just a man. And not merely a narrative.
Richard Adams, Watership Down|Like the pain of a bad wound, the effect of a deep shock takes some while to be felt. When a child is told, for the first time in his life, that a person he has known is dead, although he does not disbelieve it, he may well fail to comprehend it and later ask--perhaps more than once--where the dead person is and when he is coming back.
Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth|I was a watchful boy being raised by a father I didn’t admire. In a desperate way, I needed the guidance of someone who could show me another way of becoming a man. It was sometime during the year when I decided I would become the kind of man that Bill Dufford was born to be. I wanted to be the type of man that a whole town could respect and honor and fall in love with—the way Beaufort did when Bill Dufford came to town to teach and shape and turn its children into the best citizens they could be.
Emmanuelle de Maupassant, Cautionary Tales: Voices from the Edges|There are people who kill, and people who get killed.
Herman Melville|Is it not curious, that so vast a being as the whale should see the world through so small an eye, and hear the thunder through an ear which is smaller than a hare's? But if his eyes were broad as the lens of Herschel's great telescope; and his ears capacious as the porches of cathedrals; would that make him any longer of sight, or sharper of hearing? Not at all.-Why then do you try to 'enlarge' your mind? Subtilize it.
Chris Ayres, War Reporting for Cowards|The movies, I thought, have got the soundtrack to war all wrong. War isn't rock 'n' roll. It's got nothing to do with Jimi Hendrix or Richard Wagner. War is nursery rhymes and early Madonna tracks. War is the music from your childhood. Because war, when it's not making you kill or be killed, turns you into an infant. For the past eight days, I'd been living like a five-year-old — a nonexistence of daytime naps, mushy food, and lavatory breaks. My adult life was back in Los Angeles with my dirty dishes and credit card bills.
Thomas F. Madden, From Jesus to Christianity: A History of the Early Church|Augustine recast how people should view history, that history was not the story of the rise and fall of empires because those are human things. Those are the city of man. Rather, true history should be the history of salvation, of man moving toward God. It's a focus that takes the light off of this world and shines it much more brightly on the next world.
Agatha Christie, The Body in the Library|For if it's all the rest of us who are killed by the suicide, it's himself whom the murderer kills; only he has to do is over, and over, and over.
Criss Jami, Salomé: In Every Inch In Every Mile|Grudges are for those who insist that they are owed something; forgiveness, however, is for those who are substantial enough to move on.
Ta-Nahisi Coates|Social Darwinism had continued to flourish in German. Together with Mendelian genetics, it was widely thought to provide a scientific basis for the eugenic ‘Racial Hygiene’ movement.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If self-employment is the opposite of employed-by-other, than a job is outsourcing your freedom (time and talent) to a boss.
J.C. Patrick, The Reinvention of Janey|I'm overweight, despise change, and rarely, if ever, initiate anything. Unlike my friends, I’ve had no drama in my life which might qualify as box office material. If a little more drama came my way, however, I would probably need to purchase some courage in order to withstand it. Oh well, if a bit of change equals a bit of drama, I’m willing to risk it.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|We are currently facing many hurdles, BUT will never lose the sight of infinite hope.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|Either offend or represent, don’t be a spectator.
Monica Johnson|I chose 'No. 1 Ladies' Detective,' or I'll say it chose me, and it was an absolute blessing, for the experience of being in Africa for seven months and learning so many different things, from languages to foods to greetings. On so many levels, it was an incredible experience.
Skye Jethani|God is not looking for incredibly high notes, intricate riffs or award winning ad-libbing. God is looking at the heart.
Laurie Penny, Cybersexism: Sex, Gender and Power on the Internet|The fact that ‘attention seeking’ is still considered a slur says much about the role of women in public life, on every scale.
Louis Sachar, There's a Boy in the Girls' Bathroom|He understood it when other kids were mean to him. It didn't bother him. He simply hated them. As long as he hated them, it didn't matter what they thought of him.
Albert Einstein|Should the research worker of the future discover some means of releasing this [atomic] energy in a form which could be employed, the human race will have at its command powers beyond the dream of scientific fiction, but the remotest possibility must always be considered that the energy once liberated will be completely uncontrollable and by its intense violence detonate all neighbouring substances. In this event, the whole of the hydrogen on earth might be transformed at once and the success of the experiment published at large to the universe as a new star.
George Steiner|Given my age, I am pretty near the end, probably, of my career as a writer, a scholar, a teacher. And I wanted to speak of things I will not be able to do.
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom And Destiny|All that you areforever to Be,Is prior to...and just beyondInfinity.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|There is no light greater than truth, and it shines at the heart of all creation.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, The Dragon: Fifteen Stories|Now the night's breath responds to the sea, which I can scarcely hear from here, as it reminisces about its shipwrecks.
Jane Caro Catherine Fox|There is an old question, rarely voiced these days, but nevertheless running as an undercurrent beneath the squabbles and misunderstandings that occur in households, workplaces and universities on a daily basis. ‘What do women want?’ has been asked in a bewildered, almost exasperated, tone since women first began to say they wanted more. Yet the answer seems to us to be simple and entirely self-evident. Women want what all sentient human beings want. They want to develop their own talents and put them to good use, to earn and control their own money so they can be truly independent and make free choices. They want to gain status and respect as they prove to be worth of it. To love and to be loved as free and equal adults, to be allowed their human flaws and foibles and not to be unfairly judged for them, and to be forgiven when they fail, behave badly or have trouble coping. To be the subject and not the object. They want, in short, what men want. – pg. 237
Margaret Way, Hunt the Sun|I recognized the handwriting, and my heart gave a skip; when I opened it I got a turn, for it began, 'To my beloved Hector,' and I thought, by God she's cheating on me, and has sent me the wrong letter by mistake. But in the second line was a reference to Achilles, and another to Ajax, so I understood she was just addressing me in terms which she accounted fitting for a martial paladin; she knew no better. It was a common custom at that time, in the more romantic females, to see their soldier husbands and sweethearts as Greek heroes, instead of the whore-mongering, drunken clowns most of them were. However, the Greek heroes were probably no better, so it was not far off the mark.
Shawn Michaels|I went from living in the Dominican Republic - every day, my mom and I would cook, or we'd go hang out with the kids - to flying a private jet to Chicago with Zac Efron and Dennis Quaid. People had champagne, and they were going to these amazing restaurants. It was a culture shock. It's important, I think, to have that. To see both sides.
Bruce R. McConkie|The powers of the Atonement do not lie dormant until one sins and then suddenly spring forth to satisfy the needs of the repentant person. Rather, like the forces of gravity, they are everywhere present, exerting their unseen but powerful influence.
Amit Kalantri|Remember, before they promoted to the chair of CEO, they were the best employees of their companies.
Dale Carnegie, How to Win Friends and Influence People|To avoid criticism say nothing, do nothing, be nothing.
nick catricala|Just a child is free to wander in one's father's garden, discovering little or big things; it is left to the seeker to grow unto the Nature of the Absolute.
J.K. Rowling, Very Good Lives: The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination|Now you might think that I chose my second theme, the importance of imagination, because of the part it played in rebuilding my life, but that is not wholly so. Though I personally will defend the value of bedtime stories to my last gasp, I have learned to value imagination in a much broader sense. Imagination is not only the uniquely human capacity to envision that which is not, and therefore the fount of all invention and innovation. In its arguably most transformative and revelatory capacity, it is the power that enables us to empathise with humans whose experiences we have never shared.
Charlaine Harris, Dead and Gone|This was our language: half-truths, obvious lies, accusations neither one of us would ever make. It was a system eery bit as complicated as Morse code or the dancing of bees. Don't ask, don't tell, stay civil.
Edgar Allan Poe|I have been happy, though in a dream.I have been happy-and I love the theme:Dreams! in their vivid colouring of lifeAs in that fleeting, shadowy, misty strife
James Erich, Seidman|In Venice, things not always as they first appear. I contemplate this observation from my post on the aft deck of one of Master Fumagalli’s gondolas, taking in the panorama of bridges, domes, bell towers, and quaysides of my native city. I row into the neck of the Grand Canal, and, one by one, the reflection of each colorful façade appears, only to dissipate into wavering, shimmering shards under my oar.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Do you realize that all great literature — "Moby Dick," "Huckleberry Finn," "A Farewell to Arms," "The Scarlet Letter," "The Red Badge of Courage," "The Iliad and The Odyssey," "Crime and Punishment," the Bible, and "The Charge of the Light Brigade" — are all about what a bummer it is to be a ...human being?
Geoff Dyer|I really like even numbers, and I like heavily divisible numbers. Twelve is my lucky number - I just love how divisible it is. I don't like odd numbers, and I really don't like primes. When I turned 37, I put on a strong face, but I was not looking forward to 37. But 37 turned out to be a pretty amazing year.
Michele Ryan, Oracle's Vision|She fed off it. Taking all of their positive life forces into herself. She was nourished by it, basked in it, and knew she was loved.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, The Illusion of "Truth": The Real Jesus Behind the Grand Myth|While scholarly research provides extensive information, the real Jesus, the man who voiced various timeless insights on life, can only be revealed when life is understood better than the common mindset of our time allows.
B. F. Skinner|Professionalism is not sportsmanship. If you don't succeed, you won't be in your profession for long. In our society, it's not about good or bad. It's about who's on top.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Crescendo|Whoa, who peed in your Cheerios?
Bertrand Russell|We know very little, and yet it is astonishing that we know so much, and still more astonishing that so little knowledge can give us so much power.
Jamie Zeppa|There is a difference between arrival and entrance. Arrival is physical and happens all at once. The train pulls in, the plan touches down, you get out of the taxi with all your luggage. You can arrive a place and never really enter it; you get there, look around, take a few pictures, make a few notes, send postcards home. When you travel like this, you think you know where you are, but, in fact, you have never left home. Entering takes longer. You cross over, slowly, in bits and pieces. […] It is like awakening slowly, over a period of weeks. And then one morning, you open your eyes and you are finally here, really and truly here. You are just beginning to know where you are.
Ian Morris, Why the West Rules—for Now: The Patterns of History, and What They Reveal About the Future|We are not going to reduce energy capture unless catastrophe forces us to—which means that the only way to avoid running out of resources, poisoning the planet, or both, will be by tapping into renewable, clean power.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|All false religions cut away parts of God’s revelation, add ideas of their own, and come out with various viewpoints that differ from God’s revelation in the Bible.
Malcolm X|Rightful liberty is unobstructed action according to our will within limits drawn around us by the equal rights of others. I do not add 'within the limits of the law' because law is often but the tyrant's will, and always so when it violates the rights of the individual.
Michael Bassey Johnson|He had been the pastor of Tate's church since Tate's boys were in high school--probably over ten years now. Tate thought he was a fair man with a good heart. It helped that his sermons were interesting and not fire and brimstone like the guy they'd had before him. Tate understood too well the repercussions of his sin. He went to church to hear about hope, to be encouraged. That was a thing Mitch seemed naturally born to--encouraging others.
Robert Uttaro, To the Survivors: One Man's Journey as a Rape Crisis Counselor with True Stories of Sexual Violence|Always know there are friends somewhere rooting for you. There are people you don’t know, always praying for you and lifting you before God. - Jenee, from "To the Survivors".
Alfred Hermida, Tell Everyone: Why We Share and Why It Matters|You mean it's to be peace between you and Elizabeth until after the Tapestry?" cried Georgie, horrified. The prospect of a cessation of hostilities was appalling, for this warfare provided him with the excitement that no other occupation could hope to offer. "Isn't that a bit drastic?
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|You are doomed to a life that will repeat itself again and again, as do all lives—for lives are static things, readings of already written papers—but whereas some men are fortunate to repeat a good pattern, others have the opposite luck—and you can surely see by now that your life is doomed to this same humiliation, endlessly repeated.
حجة الإسلام أبي حامد محمد الغزالي|Mujahadah adalah kunci petunjuk, tidak ada kunci petunjuk selain mujahadah
H. P. Lovecraft|My inspiration comes from so many things, it is hard to give credit to one. I find music of all kinds to be a great inspiration. A melody or a lyric can fire my imagination. Exercise is another. Endorphins fuel my thoughts - I tend to work out scenes and dialogue when I am exercising. Reading is also a great inspiration.
Anthony Liccione|We hide our demons so good, that the angels we show, bare the shame on their faces.
Lois Greiman, Unscrewed|Life's funny. Sometimes it's your oyster, and sometimes you're it's bitch-slapped man-whore.
Hank Stram|Just like keeping a healthy diet is important to maintaining a healthy lifestyle, eating the right foods is just as important for getting the most out of your workout.
Paulo Coelho, Aleph|In magic - and in life - there is only the present moment, the now. You can't measure time the way you measure the distance between two points. 'Time' doesn't pass. We human beings have enormous difficulty in focusing on the present; we're always thinking about what we did, about how we could have done it better, about the consequences of our actions, and about why we didn't act as we should have. Or else we think about the future, about what we're going to do tomorrow, what precautions we should take, what dangers await us around the next corner, how to avoid what we don't want and how to get what we have always dreamed of.
Steven Biko|Entrepreneurs have a natural inclination to go it alone. While this do-it-yourself spirit can help you move forward, adding an element of collaboration into the mix can make you unstoppable.
Polly Shulman, The Grimm Legacy|I find it really offensive when people say that the emotional experiences of teenagers are less real or less important than those of adults. I am an adult, and I used to be a teenager, and so I can tell you with some authority that my feelings then were as real as my feelings are now.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|But this house felt strange. Dave asked what was going on, and John explained that the name on the eviction order belonged to the mother of several of the children. She had died two months earlier, and the children had simply gone on living in the house, by themselves. As the movers swept through the rooms, Gray Eyes took charge, giving orders to the other children; the youngest was a boy of about eight or nine. Upstairs, the movers found ratty mattresses on the floor and empty liquor bottles displayed like trophies. In the damp basement, clothes were flung everywhere. The house and the yard were littered with trash. “Disgusting,” Tim said to the roaches scaling the kitchen wall. As the landlord changed the locks with a power drill and the movers pushed the contents of the house onto the wet curb, the children began to run around and laugh. When the move was done, the crew gathered by the trucks, instinctively stomping the ground to shake loose any stowaway roaches. Those who smoked reached for their packs. They didn’t know where the children would go, and they didn’t ask.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|I'd waited so long for his kiss, and it was so much more, so much better than I had dared imagine. Golden sunshine burst behind my closed eyelids as I became a being entwined with the sun.His hands pulled me against his body and I melted into him, my limbs tingling and warm. Amon's mouth moved over mine, slowly, like he could make the kiss last forever.
Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom|And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
Michelle M. Pillow, The Jaded Hunter|We’re soldiers, Emily. If we’re not elders or council members then that’s all we are. We’re here to serve those above us. We’re novel worthy, day walking, blood sucking, tortured souls trapped in a body that can’t die for all eternity with no feelings, no emotions and no heart. We don’t get to feel love, passion or desire. We do as we’re told, for the good of the clan and because we’re told to do it. And we protect people. So whatever grand delusions you have about being some kind of wonderful child and the master’s favorite are just misguided attempts to feel human again. Get over it.
Pawan Mehra|She'd been conceived as a goddess of justice. But this wasn't just.It wasn't right.And her husband's wrongful death would not go unavenged.Kissing cold lips Bathymaas laid him on the ground and covered his body with her cloak.Artemis gasped and shrank away from her as she rose to her feet and turned towards Apollo and his mother.For this, there would be hell to pay.And hers would be the hand that gathered the payment.
George Sand, The Intimate Journal|Immodest creature, you do not want a woman who will accept your faults, you want the one who pretends you are faultless – one who will caress the hand that strikes her and kiss the lips that lie to
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Isabelle drifted over, Jace a pace behind her. She was wearing a long black dress with boots and an even longer cutaway coat of soft green velvet, the color of moss. "I can't believe you did it!" she exclaimed. "How did you get Magnus to let Jace leave?""Traded him for Alec," Clary said.Isabelle looked mildly alarmed. "Not permanently?""No," said Jace. "Just for a few hours. Unless I don't come back," he added thoughtfully. "In which case, maybe he does get to keep Alec. Think of it as a lease with an option to buy."Isabelle looked dubious. "Mom and Dad won't be pleased if they find out.""That you freed a possible criminal by trading away your brother to a warlock who looks like a gay Sonic the Hedgehog and dresses like the Child Catcher from Chitty Chitty Bang Bang?" Simon inquired. "No, probably not.
Abhijit Naskar, Love Sutra: The Neuroscientific Manual of Love|Biological instincts are the key to understanding how every single human being is wired. The marvelous interplay of various brain circuits creates our instinctual reality of the daily life. If you’re conscious about the fact that there lies a complex yet vividly beautiful brain circuit mechanism behind every single impulse of your daily emotions, then you can choose how to react upon each of those impulses. You can thus program your behavioral response in a certain situation.
Janet Skeslien Charles, Moonlight in Odessa|Odessans' worst fear is change, because what if we make a change and our situation gets worse?
Pyotr Kropotkin|Operating in the interstices of communist China society was at once exhilarating and uncertain. There were no rules. Or rather, there was only one rule: that nothing is allowed. But the corollary, which reveals the true genius of China’s love of the grey – in contrast to the black and white of the West – is that everything is possible. Nothing is allowed but everything is possible. It’s just a matter of finding the right way to explain what you’re doing.
Evan Bayh|For most of us, relationship with another is based on dependence, either economic or psychological. This dependence creates fear, breeds in us possessiveness, results in friction, suspicion, frustration.
Celia Rees, Witch Child|I looked into her eyes, and saw my own staring back, the same peculiar shade, pale grey, flecked with yellow, rimmed with black. Now I knew the nature of her debt. It had weighed on her conscience for fourteen years. I was looking into the eyes of mother and I knew that I would never see her again.
Paul Murray|None of it made any difference. The hollow feeling refused to go away. The next days were very hard. I found myself in the grip of a crippling ennui. I was back at square one, but I couldn’t bring myself to resume my job hunt; it was all I could do to drag myself from the bedroom floor to the sofa. With every passing day my financial affairs grew more ruinous, and it became harder and harder even to conceive of how I might dig myself out of the hole I was in—which only compounded my ennui, and my disinclination to do anything about it.
Nikki Rowe|Someone's opinion can be right on target, or it also could be cluttered with their doubts. Therefore, be careful, do not make someone else's opinion your law.
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|Miss Leefolt sigh, hang up the phone like she just don't know how her brain gone operate without Miss Hilly coming over to push the Think buttons.
Solomon Ortiz|I hate to generalize, but in general, both men and women suffer from ageism. Men much less because men gain power as they get older. Women lose power as they get older. Men are seen as gaining experience and being distinguished. Sons look forward to replacing their fathers.
Marty Rubin|There is no single thing... that is so cut and dried that one cannot attend to its secret whisper which says 'I am more than just my appearance'. If each object quivers with readiness to imply something other than itself, if each perception is a word in a poem dense with connotations, then the poet's selection of any given subject of speculation will become... a means of attuning himself to the rhythms and harmonies of reality at large. ... The notion of a network of correspondence is not an outmoded Romantic illusion: it represents a crucial intuition...
Tristan Taormino, The Ultimate Guide to Kink: BDSM, Role Play and the Erotic Edge|You so need a Daddy, little girl.
H.G. Wells, The Time Machine|James would only look for music composed and performed by humans. Nowadays people didn’t feel the need to learn to play musical instruments. And why would they, since the sounds they produced could be perfectly generated digitally. Human voices were sample recorded, then modified and remastered by artificial intelligence. Where did our creativity go?
Daphne Guinness|You always want to win. That is why you play tennis, because you love the sport and try to be the best you can at it.
William Faulkner, Light in August|Memory believes before knowing remembers. Believes longer than recollects, longer than knowing even wonders.
Kyra Lennon, Game On|This world tainted everything it touched, and nothing good was left—could be left – beneath its menacing gaze.
George Smoot|I want to climb up the blank blue dome as a man would storm the inside of a circus tent, wildly, dangling, and with a steel knife claw a rent in the top, peep, and, if I must, fall.
Jenna Evans Welch, Love & Gelato|You're baking?""Yes.""It's almost midnight.""I specialize in late-night kitchen disasters.
Helen Macdonald, H is for Hawk|I'm just scared I won't run as fast as I did my freshman year,' I admitted, choking back tears.Coach Woj looked at me for a moment, his eye gentle.'You don't have to.
Jack Kerouac, Maggie Cassidy|You can only look forward to a South Dakota winter if, as with childbirth, remodeling a house, or writing a novel, you're able to forget how bad it was the last time.
Steven Magee|I can't get why people are afraid of books or films which are horror. What's the scary of the film "Cube 1,2,3" - Yeah it was brutal I get scary, but after an hour I'm fine. I just continue to live my life. I check out "Saw", the most brutal film ever watched, yeah I could have some kind a bad thoughts and other stuff about the film. Like to think that this guy "Saw", is there with the bike, but after few days everything it went on the right path. I had chance to see what is the real face of the killers - "Saw" and what does goverment do "Cube"!GreenMile was a sad story, I still can't believe that Stephen King has written it!
Blaise Cendrars, Prose of the Trans-Siberian and of the Little Jeanne de France|Tell me, Blaise, are we very far from Montmartre?'WorriesForget your worriesAll the stations full of cracks tilted along the wayThe telegraph wires they hang fromThe grimacing poles that gesticulate and strangle themThe world stretches lengthens and folds in like an accordion tormented by a sadistic handIn the cracks of the sky the locomotives in angerFleeAnd in the holes,The whirling wheels the mouths the voicesAnd the dogs of misfortune that bark at our heelsThe demons are unleashedIron railsEverything is off-keyThe broun-roun-roun of the wheelsShocksBouncesWe are a storm under a deaf man's skull...'Tell me, Blaise, are we very far from Montmartre?'Hell yes, you're getting on my nerves you know very well we're far awayOverheated madness bellows in the locomotivePlague, cholera rise up like burning embers on our wayWe disappear in the war sucked into a tunnelHunger, the whore, clings to the stampeding cloudsAnd drops battle dung in piles of stinking corpsesDo like her, do your job'Tell me, Blaise, are we very far from Montmartre?
James Hillman, The Soul's Code: In Search of Character and Calling|...you find your genius by looking in the mirror of your life. Your visible image shows your inner truth, so when you're estimating others, what you see is what you get. It therefore becomes critically important to see generously, or you will get only what you see; to see sharply, so that you discern the mix of traits rather than a generalized lump; and to see deeply into dark shadows, or else you will be deceived.
Alexander Fleming|Man, when I'm riding with the helmet on, I'm invisible. And people just deal with me as the guy on the bike... it gives you a chance to read 'em.
J.C. Reed, Surrender Your Love|I hope you don't mind spending so much time with me," Jett said. "I promise to be good, and I won't be too hard on you." His tone oozed amusement as he added, "Unless you want me to.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Spiritually, we have wandered far from the faith of our fathers . . . no nation which relegates the Bible to the background, which disregards the love of God and flouts the claims of the Man of Galilee, can long survive.
RoAnna Sylver, Chameleon Moon|Everything in life, except her kids, made her impatient. She had tried to do a million things. She'd wanted to be a documentary filmmaker and then a painter and then a tiny-ceramic-figure maker. None of it panned out. She'd be full of enthusiasm at first, full of big ideas and energy and drive, but it would all gradually evaporate and disappear. She could never maintain the momentum or the concentration or the confidence she needed to get anything done.
Derrick A. Bell, Ethical Ambition: Living a Life of Meaning and Worth|However self-sufficient we may fancy ourselves, we exist only in relation -- to our friend, family, and life partners; to those we teach and mentor; to our co-workers, neighbors, strangers; and even to forces we cannot fully conceive of, let alone define. In many ways, we are our relationships.
Dave Wolverton, The Courtship of Princess Leia|There are no self-proclaimed villains, only regiments of self-proclaimed saints. Victorious historians rule where good or evil lies.
Sylvia Townsend Warner, Lolly Willowes|Who hasn't asked himself, am I a monster or is this what it means to be human?
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|What you have to decide... is how you want your life to be. If your forever was ending tomorrow, would this be how you'd want to have spent it? Listen, the truth is, nothing is guaranteed. You know that more than anybody. So dont be afraid. Be alive.
Samantha Sotto, Before Ever After|I'm sorry, but you just can't fit fabulous into a backpack.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, Fooled by Randomness: The Hidden Role of Chance in Life and in the Markets|If the past, by bringing surprises, did not resemble the past previous to it (what I call the past's past), then why should our future resemble our current past?
Debasish Mridha|The cure for everything, is not a medicine, but the pure kindness of acompassionate heart.
Morgan Matson, Since You've Been Gone|This is a difficult balance, telling the truth: how much to share, how much to keep, which truths will wound but not ruin, which will cut too deep to heal.
Grigoris Deoudis|Every moment is a crossroad in time. Consider that, as above so below and as inside so outside and live accordingly.
L.M. Montgomery|We are overhasty to speak as if God did not manifest himself by our silent feeling, and make his love felt through ours.
Max Brooks, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War|And Carolina will be cheering on the beautiful daughter of Magda and Shalom Singer, the new Lady America Singer!
Robert Sarah, The Power of Silence: Against the Dictatorship of Noise|For someone who is far from God, silence is a difficult confrontation with his own self and with the rather dismal realities that are at the bottom of our soul. Hence, man enters a mentality that resembles a denial of reality. He gets drunk on all sorts of noises so as to forget who he is. Postmodern man seeks to anesthetize his own atheism.
Summer Hines, Some Things Stay With You: A Windswept Wyoming Romance|The major religious fundamentalisms—Jewish, Christian, Muslim, and Hindu—certainly all demonstrate intense concern for and scrutiny of bodies, through dietary restrictions, corporeal rituals, sexual mandates and prohibitions, and even practices of corporeal mortification and abnegation. What primarily distinguishes fundamentalists from other religious practitioners, in fact, is the extreme importance they give to the body: what it does, what parts of it appear in public, what goes into and comes out of it. Even when fundamentalist norms require hiding a part of the body behind a veil, headscarf, or other articles of clothing, they are really signaling its extraordinary importance. Women’s bodies are obviously the object of the most obsessive scrutiny and regulation in religious fundamentalism, but no bodies are completely exempt from examination and control—men’s bodies, adolescents’ bodies, infants’ bodies, even the bodies of the dead. The fundamentalist body is powerful, explosive, precarious, and that is why it requires constant inspection and care…Nationalist fundamentalisms similarly concentrate on bodies through their attention to and care for the population. The nationalist policies deploy a wide range of techniques for corporeal health and welfare, analyzing birthrates and sanitation, nutrition and housing, disease control and reproductive practices. Bodies themselves constitute the nation, and thus the nation’s highest goal is their promotion and preservation. Like religious fundamentalisms, however, nationalisms, although their gaze seems to focus intently on bodies, really see them merely as an indication or symptom of the ultimate, transcendent object of national identity. With its moral face, nationalism looks past the bodies to see national character, whereas with its militarist face, it sees the sacrifice of bodies in battle as revealing the national spirit. The martyr or the patriotic soldier is thus for nationalism too the paradigmatic figure for how the body is made to disappear and leave behind only an index to a higher plane. Given this characteristic double relation to the body, it makes sense to consider white supremacy (and racism in general) a form of fundamentalism.
John Berger|Sustainability, ensuring the future of life on Earth, is an infinite game, the endless expression of generosity on behalf of all.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|For a little while, hope made a show of reviving-not with any reason to back it, but only because it is its nature to revive when the spring has not been taken out of it by age and familiarity with failure.
Thiruvalluvar, Thirukkural|He felt like a baked bean in a can, soaring through the air on a downward turn of a parabolic arc...
Robert Zoellick|I write every day weekdays for about 5 hours, mostly longhand on legal pads. It has gotten neither harder nor easier, sadly or happily.
T.H. White, The Once and Future King|There were thousands of brown books in leather bindings, some chained to the book-shelves and others propped against each other as if they had had too much to drink and did not really trust themselves. These gave out a smell of must and solid brownness which was most secure.
Julie Anne Long, How the Marquess Was Won|It’s just proper for old people to die. Otherwise, they’d go insane in a world too different from the one they knew.
Jimmy Buffett, A Salty Piece of Land|Nowadays, people resort to all kinds of activities in order to calm themselves after a stressful event: performing yoga poses in a sauna, leaping off bridges while tied to a bungee, killing imaginary zombies with imaginary weapons, and so forth. But in Miss Penelope Lumley's day, it was universally understood that there is nothing like a nice cup of tea to settle one's nerves in the aftermath of an adventure- a practice many would find well worth reviving.
Auliq Ice|To hold the power of affection and maintain the roots of love, you must stay trusted.
Philo of Alexandria|Learning is by nature curiosity... prying into everything, reluctant to leave anything, material or immaterial, unexplained.
J.E. Seanachaí|Without living, how can you know? Without knowing, how can you speak?
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Falkner|It contained a sad, but too common story of the hard-heartedness of the wealthy, and the misery endured by the children of the highborn. Blood is not water, it is said, but gold with them is dearer far than the ties of nature; to keep and augment their possessions being the aim and end of their lives, the existence, and, more especially, the happiness of their children, appears to them a consideration at once trivial and impertinent, when it would compete with family views and family greatness. To this common and and iniquitous feeling these luckless beings were sacrificed; they had endured the worst, and could be injured no more; but their orphan child was a living victim, less thought of than the progeny of the meanest animal which might serve to augment their possessions.Mrs. Baker felt some complacency on reading this letter; with the common English respect for wealth and rank, she was glad to find that her humble roof had sheltered a man who was the son — she did not exactly know of whom, but of somebody, who had younger sons and elder sons, and possessed, through wealth, the power of behaving frightfully ill to a vast number of persons.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|If we believe that god is the creator of evil, maybe there is evil also in heaven, if that is the case, we are not out of the woods yet
Gary   Hopkins|The more laws that are created, the closer we get to lawlessness.
C. JoyBell C.|I am a siren, and for my adoration of mankind, have been caught in fishing nets one time too many. And in those fishing nets I have learned too many unfavorable things about human intentions and the lack of trust and goodwill; I'm not going to allow myself to be caught, anymore. Sirens do well at singing the sirens' song and dragging vile people to their deaths, and for good reason!
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Seeking those elusive individuals is like mining for rare gems. It will take hard work, patience, and a persistent attitude. To find that rich seam of colourful stones, you will have to chip through dirt and rock. You will have to learn how to hold rubble in your hands and see the fortune inside.
Stanley Cavell, Pursuits of Happiness: The Hollywood Comedy of Remarriage|(Can human beings change? The humor, and the sadness, of remarriage comedies can be said to result from the fact that we have no good answer to that question.)
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|Just to be in love seemed the most blissful luxury I had ever known. The thought came to me that perhaps it is the loving that counts, not the being loved in return - that perhaps true loving can never know anything but true happiness.
pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You|Your salary is not love and your word is not love. Your clothes are not love and holding hands is not love. Sex is not love and a kiss is not love. Long letters are not love and a text is not love. Flowers are not love and a box of chocolates is not love. Sunsets are not love and photographs are not love. The stars are not love and a beach under the moonlight is not love. The smell of someone else on your pillow is not love and the feeling of their skin touching your skin is not love. Heart-shaped candy is not love and an overseas holiday is not love. The truth is not love and winning an argument is not love. Warm coffee isn't love and cheap cards bought from stores are not love. Tears are not love and laughter is not love. A head on a shoulder is not love and messages written at the front of books given as gifts are not love. Apathy is not love and numbness is not love. A pain in your chest is not love and clenching your fist is not love. Rain is not love.Only you. Only you, are love.
Marie Lu, Prodigy|You still belong on the other side of the looking glass. Someday, when you're ready to take the step over to our side, I'll come see you again. Live well, Daniel. Make that final step count.
Kristan Higgins, My One and Only|....And then I turned and saw a guy staring at me...."What are you looking at, idiot?" I asked, giving him the sneer that had served me so well."My future wife. The mother of my children.
Jay Cowan|My characters will happily march off a cliff if it is in them to do so, but may the gods help me if I write that the character is an alcoholic when they are not. They will fight me at every turn and it is their domain. A writer cannot win against a stubborn character.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|The whole function of the life of prayer is, then, to enlighten and strengthen our conscience so that it not only knows and perceives the outward, written precepts of the moral and divine laws, but above all lives God's law in concrete reality by perfect and continual union with His will.
Rahul Sinha|Successful people aren’t born that way. They usually work very hard, and that means constant effort – even if it’s not hard, it is steady. People born to wealth need to work to keep it. A radical shift means a thousand small changes, a few a day. Eventually you wake up……and you’re the person you wanted to be.
Knut Wicksell|The idealized market was supposed to deliver ‘friction free’ exchanges, in which the desires of consumers would be met directly, without the need for intervention or mediation by regulatory agencies. Yet the drive to assess the performance of workers and to measure forms of labor which, by their nature, are resistant to quantification, has inevitably required additional layers of management and bureaucracy. What we have is not a direct comparison of workers’ performance or output, but a comparison between the audited representation of that performance and output. Inevitably, a short-circuiting occurs, and work becomes geared towards the generation and massaging of representations rather than to the official goals of the work itself. Indeed, an anthropological study of local government in Britain argues that ‘More effort goes into ensuring that a local authority’s services are represented correctly than goes into actually improving those services’. This reversal of priorities is one of the hallmarks of a system which can be characterized without hyperbole as ‘market Stalinism’. What late capitalism repeats from Stalinism is just this valuing of symbols of achievement over actual achievement.[…]It would be a mistake to regard this market Stalinism as some deviation from the ‘true spirit’ of capitalism. On the contrary, it would be better to say that an essential dimension of Stalinism was inhibited by its association with a social project like socialism and can only emerge in a late capitalist culture in which images acquire an autonomous force. The way value is generated on the stock exchange depends of course less on what a company ‘really does’, and more on perceptions of, and beliefs about, its (future) performance. In capitalism, that is to say, all that is solid melts into PR, and late capitalism is defined at least as much by this ubiquitous tendency towards PR-production as it is by the imposition of market mechanisms.
Robert Graves|Yes, it made sense, and was so absurdly simple that it would take a genius to think of it. And, perhaps, someone who did not expect to do it himself.
Shay Dawkins, iSin: Upgrade To Life Version 2.0|No one is capable of loving and caring about YOU how you are capable of loving and caring about YOU. Thus, you must ‘First Love Yourself’ if you want to continuously become a better version of yourself.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Without work, time cannot be converted and it will waste away.
Bernard de Mandeville|I'm a peace-maker, I can fit into a lot of situations. I'm pretty easygoing. I have a lot of patience.
James Polshek|I don't think architecture should be considered as an art form in the first instance. Whenever I say that, it makes people really angry. But this is a very political profession in the Grecian sense. I believe there have to be reasons for every building, and that the ideas should not be self-referential.
Raphael Paolo Augustine Camañag|I once believed in faith - that if I patiently waited, something good will happen. But at the end of the chapter, I found myself devastated. Years have gone by and I'm back at chapter one again. I've tried several times already and ended up in the same ending. It was always a different title, same story; different choices made but ending up with the same plot and finale. I grew tired of this never ending maze, wandering endlessly and finally giving up faith.
Michelle Malkin|As the blessings of health and fortune have a beginning, so they must also find an end. Everything rises but to fall, and increases but to decay.
K.J. Kilton|Death reminds us that life is a temporary privilege, not an endless right.
Felix Dennis|I can plunk out enough chords to write a song, but I'm completely afraid to play guitar in front of other people. It's a fear of failure, I guess.
Anna Godbersen, Rumors|So full of artless jealousy is guilt,It spills itself in fearing to be spilt.
Richard Branson|All the possibilities of your human destiny are asleep in your soul. You are here to realize and honor these possibilities. When love comes in to your life, unrecognized dimensions of your destiny awaken and blossom and grow. Possibility is the secret heart of time.
Sophie Kinsella, The Undomestic Goddess|sometimes you don't need a goal in life, you don't need to know the big picture. you just need to know what you're going to do next!
Timothy Ferriss, The 4-Hour Workweek|The quickest way to run out of time is to think you have enough of it,
Jessi Kirby, Moonglass|Exposition is a mode of thought, a method of learning, and a means of expression. Almost all of the characteristics we associate with mature discourse were amplified by typography, which has the strongest possible bias toward exposition: a sophisticated ability to think conceptually, deductively and sequentially; a high valuation of reason and order; an abhorrence of contradiction; a large capacity for detachment and objectivity; and a tolerance for delayed response.
Gena Lee Nolin|I was discovered in Paris when I was there on a school trip at the age of 13. After that, my mom came in contact with Elite Amsterdam; then I started modeling.
George Orwell, Homage to Catalonia|As sometimes happens with men who wish to fight but do not or cannot, Reagan developed a romantic image of the military.
Jay-Z|I'm not a businessman, I'm a business, man!
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Almost all sadness comes from thinking about the past, and all worry from thinking about the future — present-mindedness is your only safe haven.
John F. Kennedy|It is not only the unit vote for the Presidency we are talking about, but a whole solar system of governmental power. If it is proposed to change the balance of power of one of the elements of the solar system, it is necessary to consider the others.
Cecelia Ahern, Love, Rosie|At first we had so much to catch up on we were talking a hundred words a second, barely even listening to the ends of one another's sentences before moving onto the next. And there was laughing. Lots of laughing. Then the laughing stopped and there was this silence. What the hell was it?It was like the world stopped turning in that instant. Like everyone around us had disappeared. Like everything at home was forgotten about. It was as if those few minutes on this world were created just for us and all we could do was look at each other. It was like he was seeing my face for the first time. He looked confused but kind of amused. Exactly how I felt. Because I was sitting on the grass with my best friend Alex, and that was my best friend Alex's face and nose and eyes and lips, but they seemed different. So I kissed him. I seized the moment and I kissed him,
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|The strongest people find the courage and caring to help others, even if they are going through their own storm.
Sunday Adelaja|God gave us His spirit, for us to have the power and authority to uproot lawlessness and establish God’s righteousness
Arthur C. Clarke|Do I really run like that?" (Kitty)"Yup," Martini confirmed. "Don't worry, I think it's sexy.""Thank God. I think I look like a cheetah on drugs.
Victor Shamas, The Way of Play: Reclaiming Divine Fun & Celebration|The source and essence of all creation can be found everywhere. It resides equally in you, in me, and in all things. True wisdom is the fullest understanding of this essence--an understanding that can happen only when there is no separation between the knower and the known.
Theodore Roosevelt|In my book, the media are a necessary evil: they live off the animal inside us, they bait the front pages with second-hand blood for the hyenas to snuffle up, but they come in useful enough that you want to stay on their good side.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Invention of Wings|If I say you are not free to associate with me, it also means I too am not free to associate with you. I might call you the slave but not less bound by the slavery I have created."- Prince Ikan
Kristen Crockett, The Gift of Past Relationships|If you stay in the company of anger, pain, or hurt, happiness will find someone else to visit.
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|Devotion to self is necessary. First, place the mask on yourself and breathe deeply. Then help the others. If you don’t save yourself, they will die.
Alicia Keys|The relationship with my people, the Nigerian people, is very good. My relationship with the rulers has always been problematic.
Harold Brodkey, This Wild Darkness: The Story of My Death|In a strange way, I envied the quality of Morrie's time even as I lamented its diminishing supply. Why did we bother with all the distractions we did?
Noam Chomsky|Because sanitation has so many effects across all aspects of development - it affects education, it affects health, it affects maternal mortality and infant mortality, it affects labor - it's all these things, so it becomes a political football. Nobody has full responsibility.
Vera Brittain|...if only the comfortable prosperity of the Victorian age hadn't lulled us into a false conviction of individual security and made us believe that what was going on outside our homes didn't matter to us, the Great War might never have happened.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|If no war in heaven, then defeat ain't misery.
Phillip Lopate, The Art of the Personal Essay: An Anthology from the Classical Era to the Present|Of all the ways of acquiring books, writing them oneself is regarded as the most praiseworthy method.— Walter Benjamin, "Unpacking My Library
Susan Barbara Apollon, Affirmations for Healing Mind, Body & Spirit|One of the highest emotions is that of Gratitude… Wherever you are, offer the expression of your awareness of your blessings and how grateful you are for them.
Jocelyn Gibb, Light on C. S. Lewis|What I think is true is that at a certain stage in his life, he deliberately ceased to take any interest in himself except for a kind of spiritual alumnus taking his moral finals...Self-knowledge for him had come to mean recognition of his own weakness and shortcomings and nothing more. Anything beyond that he sharply suspected, both in himself and in others, as a symptom of spiritual megalomania. At best, there was so much else, in letters and in life, that he found much more interesting than himself.
Audre Lorde, Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches|Some problems we share as women, some we do not. You hear your children will grow up to join the patriarchy and testify against you, we fear our children will be dragged from a car and shot down in the street, and you will turn your backs upon the reasons they are dying.
Vincent van Gogh, The Letters of Vincent van Gogh|The world concerns me only in so far as I owe it a certain debt and duty, so to speak, because I have walked this earth for 30 years, and out of gratitude would like to leave some memento in the form of drawings and paintings—not made to please this school or that, but to express a genuine human feeling.
Lauren Barnholdt, The Thing About the Truth|Not for the first time, I wonder what it would feel like that, to be so beautiful that you don't even realize people are watching you, to be so confident that you don't even have to worry about being nervous or feeling self-conscious. I've spent my whole life trying to pretend I'm that way. What would it be like to have it just come naturally?
bell hooks, Teaching to Transgress: Education as the Practice of Freedom|Many women do not join organized resis­tance against sexism precisely because sexism has not meant an absolute lack of choices. They may know they are discriminated against on the basis of sex, but they do not equate this with oppres­sion. Under capitalism, patriarchy is structured so that sexism restricts women's behavior in some realms even as freedom from limitations is allowed in other spheres. The absence of extreme re­strictions leads many women to ignore the areas in which they are exploited or discriminated against; it may even lead them to imagine that no women are oppressed.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|As of this writing, I am twenty-five years old. I have been alive for 307 months. Nine of those months were pretty terrible. But 298 of those months have been very good. I have been happy. I have been very blessed. Who knows how many more months I have to live? But even if I died tomorrow, nine out of 307 seems like pretty good odds.
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|From the girl who sat before me now...surged a fresh and physical life force. She was like a small animal that has popped into the world with the coming of spring. Her eyes moved like an independent organism with joy, laughter, anger, amazement, and despair. I hadn't seen a face so vivid and expressive in ages, and I enjoyed watching it live and move.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If God is your coach, you score the most amazing and unbelievable goals
Grace Sara, Awakening in the 21st Century: Surviving a Spiritually Dormant Society|However, one day, this shallow living will not be enough for you. You are gifted with a questioning mind that will marvel at the deepest parts of the world around you. It will crave divine understanding because you are part of the divine whole, and it is the nature of the soul to seek to return to its spiritual state.
Sheila M. Burke, Enriched Heart: The Tao of Balancing Your Big, Beautiful, Badass Soul|You know that you won’t remain Centered all the time, and it is a normal part of human life to drift left or right of Center sometimes.
Angela Parkhurst, Forget Me Not|Fairytales have rules. We may never understand them but they've been hammered into our heads since infancy. Eventually, even the rebels conform.
Jackson Pollock|For me it's important to be in balance. To not let fear get in the way of things, to not worry so much about protecting yourself all the time.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|Now anybody can be "kind." And everybody's supposed to be. Except that long ago it was something you were born into and couldn't help. Now it's just a faked-up attitude half the time, like teachers the first day of class.
John Steinbeck, Cannery Row|We were at that moment of drunkenness that the two of us had come to call the Golden Moment, when everything made sense. We always tried to stretch out that moment, and then inevitably one of us would confess, "I can't follow anymore, I think the Golden Moment's passed.
Erik Pevernagie|When free from the confines of our normal identity, we are able to look at life, and the often repetitive stories we tell about it, with fresh eyes. Come Monday morning, we may still clamber back into the monkey suits of our everyday roles—parent, spouse, employee, boss, neighbor—but, by then, we know they're just costumes with zippers.
Bret Easton Ellis, Imperial Bedrooms|The book was blunt and had an honesty about it, whereas the movie was just a beautiful lie.
Michael Pollan, In Defense of Food: An Eater's Manifesto|Elsewhere the paper notes that vegetarians and vegans (including athletes) 'meet and exceed requirements' for protein. And, to render the whole we-should-worry-about-getting-enough-protein-and-therefore-eat-meat idea even more useless, other data suggests that excess animal protein intake is linked with osteoporosis, kidney disease, calcium stones in the urinary tract, and some cancers. Despite some persistent confusion, it is clear that vegetarians and vegans tend to have more optimal protein consumption than omnivores. 
Michael S. Horton|If the focus of our testimony is our changed life, we as well as our hearers are bound to be disappointed.
Matthew Donnelly|If we view ourselves to achieve a great life and DESIRE to fulfill our visions then we will do nothing but act accordingly regardless of the setbacks we occur on the journey. "I am a unique individual who is on the journey for greatness and things will get in my way but I will figure out away around them or just go right through them with the conviction of my vision
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|The thrill of theft, of violence, the urge to live easy - is it worth it when we have undeniable proof, yes, yes, incontrovertible evidence that hell exists?
Heather Kehoe|A secret life taught me: it doesn't get easier, you become stronger.
Richard Paul Evans, The Mistletoe Promise|Actually, all fear is born of the imagination, which means the danger we fear doesn't need to be rational or even real to be potent. Like my fear of snakes. When I was eighteen I drove my car off the highway into a ditch because there was a snake on the road. It didn't matter that the snake couldn't have bitten me through the car. It didn't matter that the snake probably wasn't even poisonous or might have even already been dead. It didn't even matter than swerving off the road at fifty miles per hour posed a much greater danger than the snake I was frightened of. Fear doesn't listen to reason. It takes its own counsel.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|When you become healthy, courageous, and hopeful, following your conscience becomes much easier. When people are healthy, courageous, and hopeful, it's difficult to bend their mind and will. They will speak out what they believe, and stand up and do what is right even when it means a loss to them.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|So thoroughly and sincerely are we compelled to live, reverencing our life, and denying the possibility of change. This is the only way, we say; but there are as many ways as there can be drawn radii from one centre.
Jinnul Jr.|be careful with words you utter you might not swallow your own words, but you might bite your tongue as well..
Helen Harper, Slouch Witch|Perhpas if I call out to Rat he might hear," said the Mole to himself, but without much hope.Rat! Ratty! O Rat, please hear me!" he called out as loudly as he could, holding up his lantern as he did so, waving it about/ But the wind rushed and roared around him even more, and snatched his weak words away the moment they were they were uttered, and scattered them wildly and uselessly as if they were flakes of snow,Even worse, the light of the lantern began to gutter, and then, quiet suddenly, an extra strong gust of wind blew it out.Well then," said the daunted but resolute Mole, putting the spent lantern on the ground, "there's nothing else for it! Frozen rivers are dangerous thinngs, no doubt, but I must try to cross, despite the dangers."--The Willows in the Winter
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|Okay, so there’s just you. Your goals, your career, your crew, your prospects, and your God. All together, chillin’. Before the house, the apartment, the kids, the boyfriend, the wedding, the night you crossed over with your frat brothers, there’s that pivotal point of asking your heart, “Who am I, really? What do I really like? Do I want to change for someone else? Is my soul mate right now, somewhere, finishing this sentence and completing my thoughts?
Thomas Gilovich, How We Know What Isn't So: The Fallibility of Human Reason in Everyday Life|Many Christians never let the Bible get in the way of their believing, but depend on their logic, tradition, or experience to formulate beliefs.
Keith Sweat|The one who loves the least, controls the relationship.
Jerry Spinelli, Smiles to Go|If this was my forever, I didn't want to spend another second of it here.
Doris Grumbach, Fifty Days of Solitude|There was a closet somewhere inside me. Every day I went near that just to open the door and see all the masks of my face that I hid there.To select one which isn't me but still would look like me, which would hide me from the world in a better way. Day after day I stored so many masks in that closet that one day I searched for my real face in it and it wasn't there. I never understood whether I lost it or I forgot how it looked like, the more I searched the most lost I felt.
Rachel Van Dyken|I think is sad, how easily we throw around the word without actually understanding the sacrifice behind its meaning. Love in its definition isn't about a strong feeling towards someone, but action.
Martin Filler|The ultimate pleasure of architecture lies in the most forbidden parts of the architectural act, where limits are perverted and prohibitions are transgressed.
AainaA-Ridtz|Every form is an image. Every image is a name. Every name is an attribute, every attribute a verb. Every verb forms the sentence to be read on Judgement Day, from the very Qur’aanulQariim that is found within the breastplate of all that is ‘created’ in the form of humankind. Every object be it animated or non-animated is an image!!
Phil Volatile, Crushed Black Velvet|You are the writer, producer, and director of your own mind programs.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|We all live inside the terrible engine of authority, and it grinds and shrieks and burns so that no one will say: lines on maps are silly.
Janet Fitch, Paint it Black|Meredith's father, the composer, who shot himself in this house. Came all the way from Vienna to shoot himself in LA. Escaped the Nazis but not himself.
Alexandra Adornetto|They were inlove, but they hadn't been lovers; they were friends and yet also strangers for so many years
Sarah Swainson, To My Last Friend|To get here had been painful, but for once in my life I felt free.
Rosaria Champagne Butterfield|Take his name. Because I love him.Because when I look into his eyes, nothing else exists but him. Because even when I don’t look into his eyes, nothing else exists but him.--rachels thought
Paolo Bacigalupi, The Drowned Cities|But then, that was the problem with pretty toy stitches. When real life got hold of them, they always tore out.
Harold Bloom, The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages|Faith is the road, but communion with Jesus is the well from which the pilgrim drinks.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|Because you're my friend, wingnut.
Willie van Peer|Literature takes us away from our grey everyday experience, but brings us back enriched with new sensibilities.
Steven Hatfill|I salute all the nations of the Arab Spring and I salute the heroic people of Syria who are striving for freedom, democracy and reform.
William Gibson, Idoru|Sometimes a woman is afraid to be without security or without certainty, for even a short time. She has more excuses than dogs have hairs. She must just simply dive in and stand not knowing what will happen next.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are happy with your present time, you will look at your past with happy eyes even if you have had a sad past!
Stanley Kubrick|First time I looked at a Formula One car in person, I just stared at the cockpit, figuring I'd never get in there. The drivers wear the whole car like a tight-fitting suit.
David Blunkett|Given the scale of trauma caused by the genocide, Rwanda has indicated that however thin the hope of a community can be, a hero always emerges. Although no one can dare claim that it is now a perfect state, and that no more work is needed, Rwanda has risen from the ashes as a model or truth and reconciliation.
Peter Høeg, Smilla's Sense of Snow|Communication is not so much about what you say, as what you don't say.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|When reality and your dreams collide, typically it’s just your alarm clock going off.
Nabil N. Jamal|If after giving it all that you possibly can, you do lose to the competition, then they really deserve the win.
Shannon L. Alder|If you want to discover the true character of a person, you have only to observe what they are passionate about.
Kittredge Cherry, Womansword: What Japanese Words Say about Women|Psychologically, Japanese women depend largely on each other. In their sex-segregated society, they could be criticized for living in a female ghetto, and yet they have what some American feminists are trying to build, a ”women’s culture” with its own customs, values and even language.
Steven Magee|But if I want to murder somebody, will it really be the best plan to make sure I'm alone with him?'Lord Pooley's eyes recovered their frosty twinkle as he looked at the little clergyman. He only said: 'If you want to murder somebody, I should advise it.
Karen Blixen, Seven Gothic Tales|Madeline knew how that was. So many people had ideas of what you should and shouldn't do, but in the end you had to decide for yourself.
Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian|When it comes to death, we know that laughter and tears are pretty much the same thing.And so, laughing and crying, we said good-bye to my grandmother. And when we said goodbye to one grandmother, we said good-bye to all of them.Each funeral was a funeral for all of us.We lived and died together.All of us laughed when they lowered my grandmother into the ground.And all of us laughed when they covered her with dirt.And all of us laughed as we walked and drove and rode our way back to our lonely, lonely houses.
Nikki Rowe|I don't care to be someone's first love, I care to be their second or third; after every heartbreak they had experienced, I was worthy enough for them to move forward and this to me is greater than any first's of someone's heart.
Louise Penny, Bury Your Dead|He had his treasure, but finally all he wanted was his family. And peace.
Pablo Andrés Wunderlich Padilla|When man meets himself upon the reflexion of the mirror, it is always advisable to ask the question "Who are you?". If an unsatisfactory answer comes forth, then one must delve into the far reaches of Self and understand why he failed to answer this simple, yet transcending question.
Masashi Kishimoto|Now that we are cool, he said, and regret that we hurt each other, I am not sorry that it happened.
Sia|When I was 10, my parents really valued success in the arts, and I thought if I was a famous 'something artistic,' that they would love me more.
Raphael Saadiq|Suffering becomes beautiful when anyone bears great calamities with cheerfulness, not through insensibility but through greatness of mind.
William Ellery Channing|In the last analysis, what we are communicates far more eloquently than anything we say or do.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|11 Ways to Be More Engaged 1.	Care about others.2.	Be 100 percent in the moment. 3.	Keep focus on the person you are serving. 4.	Try to get involved, engaged, and interactive.5.	Show interest in what matters to other people by listening, acknowledging, and responding.6.	Arrive in the moment anticipating creating a valuable interaction for yourself and others.7.	Move towards the things that inspire you and provide a sense of joy and connection.8.	Reconnect with the essence of yourself and be grounded in that essential relationship.9.	Maintain eye contact and deliver the non-verbal cues that you are fully with the other person.10.	Limit distractions— close the door, silence your phone, hold calls, put tasks aside, etc.11.	Show up to the moment being your best and giving your best.
Rena Sofer|It's cool to have a well run, comfortable and inviting home.
William Deresiewicz, Excellent Sheep: The Miseducation of the American Elite and the Way to a Meaningful Life|But the compulsive overachievement of today's elite college students - the sense that they need to keep running as fast as they can - is not the only thing that keeps them from forming the deeper relationships that might relieve their anguish. Something more insidious is operating, too: a resistance to vulnerability, a fear of looking like the only one who isn't capable of handling the pressure. These are young people who have always succeeded at everything, in part by projecting the confidence that they always will. Now, as they get to college, the stakes are higher and the competition fiercer. Everybody thinks that they are the only one who's suffering, so nobody says anything, so everybody suffers. Everyone feels like a fraud; everybody thinks that everybody else is smarter than they are.
Anna Sullivan, Hideaway Cove|When I wake up on Sunday Mornings - late, you always let me sleep in - I come looking for you, and you're in the backyard with dirt on your knees and two little girls spinning around you in perfect orbit. And you put their hair in pigtails and you let them wear whatever madness they want, and Alice planted a fruit cocktail tree and Noomi ate a butterfly, and they look like me because they're round and golden, but they glow for you.
Walter Cronkite|We are not afraid to entrust the American people with unpleasant facts, foreign ideas, alien philosophies, and competitive values. For a nation that is afraid to let its people judge the truth and falsehood in an open market is a nation that is afraid of its pe
Patrick Mendis, Peaceful War: How the Chinese Dream and the American Destiny Create a New Pacific World Order|Above all, as a Hindu I belong to the only major religion in the world that does not claim to be the only true religion. I find it immensely congenial to be able to face my fellow human beings of other faiths without being burdened by the conviction that I am embarked upon a “true path” that they have missed.
James Clavell, Shōgun|The diseconomies of capitalism are treated as the public's responsibility. Corporate America skims the cream and leaves the bill for us to pay, then boasts about how productive and efficient it is and complains about our wasteful government.
Ellen J. Barrier|Those who were raised in poverty and have been successful to overcome the shame of it, understands the hardship of those who are left behind.
Jo-Ann Mapson, Solomon's Oak|Kindle, isn’t it?” the waitress asked. “I got one for Christmas, and I love it. I’m reading my way through all of Jodi Picoult’s books.” “Oh, probably not all of them,” Wesley said. “Huh? Why not?” “She’s probably got another one done already. That’s all I meant.” “And James Patterson’s probably written one since he got up this morning!” she said, and went off chortling.
Douglas Jerrod|Popular culture has made it okay to yell "I want a man!" from the rooftops, so why are we still embarrassed to say, "I want a best friend"?
Christopher L. Hayes, Twilight of the Elites: America After Meritocracy|I don't know about you, but I only have one life, and I don't want to spend it in a sewer of injustice.
Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ|Let all things be loved for the sake of Jesus, but Jesus for His own sake.
Clement of Rome, The First Epistle of Clement to the Corinthians|And we, too, being called by His will to Christ Jesus, are not justified by ourselves, nor by our own wisdom, or understanding or godliness, or works which we have wrought in holiness of heart; but by that faith through which, from the beginning, Almighty God has justified all men; to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.
E.R. Eddison, The Worm Ouroboros|Some people experience rare moments when everything they believe is challenged. Or at least shaken up. Those moments stay with them. Surprise, real surprise, is an exotic thing not soon forgotten.
Erich Fromm, The Sane Society|We... have created a greater material wealth than any other society in the history of the human race. Yet we have managed to kill off millions of our population in an arrangement which we call "war.
R. Murray Gilchrist, Terror by Gaslight: More Victorian Tales of Terror|trees [-] Inside their wooden samurai armor they are geisha beauties, each one a ‘person-of-the-arts,’ limbs dancing, arranging flowers, carrying the wind’s music, the calligraphy of their roots pure poetry, rhyming earth and berth.
T.C. Peterson|Even if you become the most perfect version of yourself, someone will find something negative to say.
Jodie Sweetin|Most important, I hope you grow into a woman who loves herself. It is not an easy thing, self-love. It takes a lot of practice and time. But as a woman who is learning how to get there herself, I hope I can give that gift to you as you grow.
Alex Kudera, Auggie's Revenge|My mother describes me as 'a real hero . . . just like your grandfather'. But I do not know what to do with this accolade for her son, other than let her have moment, or it helps her back here.
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|I still think that everyone's life, no matter how unremarkable, has a singular tragic encounter after which everything that really matters will happen. That moment is the catalyst - the first step in the equation. But knowing the first step will get you nowhere - it's what comes after that determines the result.
F. David Peat|But if the individual is to sacrifice a measure of personal liberty within the social contract, then individual rights must be guaranteed by law. Thus, it has been said that, in law, rights are the fence an individual erects around himself for protection against his neighbors.How absurd such a posture must seem from a worldview in which the individual emerges out of the society, rather than the other way around.
Joe Fassler|Diversity of opinion in religious belief and its mode is not incompatible with equal possession of the essentials of pure faith, nor at variance with the divine purpose. If an analogy exists between the growth we observe in the vegetable kingdom and that of the intellectual, we should expect to find the same variety in the expression of human belief that we seek in the development of tree and flower. Every tree is not an oak, nor every flower a rose, but each tree and flower is the expression in form and colour of its own inner life. In the same manner the mind was intended to be free to develop according to its own light, and any attempt to coerce it into a defined groove is an interference with the natural order of things. To condemn those who in matters of religion do not conform to our standards is, therefore, as unreasonable as to find fault with an oak tree because it is not an elm.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|You never knelt to get anywhere. You are where you are because you're fucking capable, and willing to risk everything to do right, and I'll never be half what you are even if I tried my whole life, and I was walking around thinking I was better than you, even half dead and no use to anyone, because my family is old, because I was born better.
Philip M. Rosenzweig, The Halo Effect: How Managers let Themselves be Deceived|A good strategy and solid play doesn't revolve around tricks. It doesn't revolve around surprises. It doesn't revolve around having hidden information. It revolves around very solid strong timing, and crisp execution.
Daniel   Stern, Swingland: Between the Sheets of the Secretive, Sometimes Messy, but Always Adventurous Swinging Lifestyle|I dozed, jolting occasionally at the driver's loud pronouncement of upcoming stops. At this early hour the bus hummed along quietly with few passengers, so the stops were infrequent. In the hazy surrealism of predawn, there really was not much to see--what I could make out was mainly countryside, though not what I would call quaint, and certainly no Shakespearean cottages or fairy folk peeping from the trees.
Nathan Deal|The difference must be distinguished between worship and respect. Islam orders you to obey and respect, as long as you are not worshiping anything other than God... Islam is a religion of peace. You don't attack. You explain.
Jen Hatmaker, 7: An Experimental Mutiny Against Excess|I marvel at how out of place simple, humble Jesus would be in today's American churches.
Sabaa Tahir, A Torch Against the Night|So long as you fight the darkness, you stand in the light.
Albert Camus|Anxious, inexperienced writers obey rules. Rebellious, unschooled writers break rules. Artists master the form.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|I acknowledge the challenge of believing in a supernatural divinity. After all, in the natural a rock is a rock; a desk is a desk; my skin is my skin. Or are they? That rock you pick up and feel on your skin and place on the desk is 99.9% empty space—between atoms; as is your skin and the desk. So, perhaps it is our perception of the natural or “real” world that needs tweaking, not the supernatural.
Ehsan Sehgal|If one suffers from the pain and the hardship, its friends feel empathy and sadness too. Whereas, its opponents celebrate and enjoy that.
Kaoru Kurimoto, The Battle of Nospherus|Weakness derives from the soul. Most everyone has one, which gives a woman like me leverage. Leverage to play people to my liking, and so I do.
Hossmith|If you can't be happy, Make someone else happy. :)
Dillinger Cobb|Whenever my mom talks too much, I say she has Pac-man of the mouth.
K. Abernathy Can You Action Past Your Devil's Advocate|To be undefeated, to primer is to learn the game for not just your talents but for the game itself.
Compton Gage|One land also shall ask another, and say, ‘Is righteousness that makes a man righteous gone through thee?’ And it shall say, ‘No.
Christopher Hitchens|My aim is not to be consistent with my previous statements on a given question, but to be consistent with truth as it may present itself to me at a given moment. The result has been that I have grown from truth to truth.
Charles Darwin|Whenever in future wars the battle is fought, armored troops will play the decisive role.
Louise Glück, Ararat|As I saw it, all my mother's life, my father held her down, like lead strapped to her ankles.She wasbuoyant by nature;she wanted to travel,go to the theater, go to museums.What he wantedwas to lie on the couchwith the Timesover his face,so that death, when it came,wouldn't seem a significant change.
Frank Beddor, Seeing Redd|If I lived by some code, my actions would become predictable. The enemy would take advantage of this and I’d be killed. An honorable death doesn’t exist. Death is death. But it’s funny that survival and revenge require the same thing: no honor codes, no supposed higher principles to aspire to, no mercy
Marissa Meyer, Scarlet|I don't like to think of it as 'stolen'. They have no proof that I didn't plan on giving it back.""You're kidding, right?"He shrugged. "You have no proof either."She squinted back at him. "Were you planning on giving it back?""Maybe."An orange light blinked on in the corner of Cinder's vision-her cyborg programming picking up on the lie.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|Can you drown in grief? She turned away sharply, angry with her own frailty. She had no time for the luxury of self-pity.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Queen|Oh, goodie," Puck said as I stepped forward. "I'm going to have a rash in the most uncomfortable places.
Michio Kaku|Go into the auto mechanic, you've got to know computers to be able to work on the cars.
Dianne Bright, Soul Reader|Their blissfully soft texture calmed me but alerted me at the same time. I couldn't explain the gentle spark of light that dripped off the edges. And of course, the aqua trim felt way too familiar.
Mary Wortley Montagu|Philosophy is the toil which can never tire persons engaged in it. All ways are strewn with roses, and the farther you go, the more enchanting objects appear before you and invite you on.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|If my name was Richard, I'd go by Richard or Rich...not Dick. Hell I'd even settle for being called Chard.
Alban Berg|If our music survives, which I have no doubt it will, then it will because it is good.
William Bernard Ullathorne| The least known among the virtues and also the most misunderstood is the virtue of humility. Yet, it is the very groundwork of Christianity. Humility is a grace of the soul that cannot be expressed in words and is only known by experience. It is an unspeakable treasure of God, and only can be called the gift of God. "Learn," He said, not from angels, not from men, not from books; but learn from My presence, light, and action within you, "that I am meek and humble of heart, and you shall find rest to your souls". 
Miguel Ruiz, The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom|I am awake, I see the sun. I am going to give my gratitude to the sun and to everything and everyone because I am still alive. One more day to be myself.
Li-Young Lee, The City in Which I Love You|but in the cityin which I love you,no one comes, no onemeets me in the brick clefts;in the wedged dark,no finger touches me secretly, no mouthtastes my flawless salt,no one wakens the honey in the cells, finds the hummingin the ribs, the rich business in the recesses;hulls clogged, I continue laden
Bob Dylan|Catholic schools prepare every student to meet the challenges of their future by developing their mind, yes, but also their body and their soul and spirit.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Do you, good people, believe that Adam and Eve were created in the Garden of Eden and that they were forbidden to eat from the tree of knowledge? I do. The church has always been afraid of that tree. It still is afraid of knowledge. Some of you say religion makes people happy. So does laughing gas. So does whiskey. I believe in the brain of man.
Deep Trivedi, The Pulse of Wisdom|What shall I take with me?Will I let nothing behind me over the earth?How shall my heart act?Is it that we come in vain to live,to sprout over the earth?Let us leave at least flowers,let us leave at least songs.
Chuck Palahniuk, Haunted|My gripe is not with lovers of the truth but with truth herself. What succor, what consolation is there in truth, compared to a story? What good is truth, at midnight, in the dark, when the wind is roaring like a bear in the chimney? When the lightning strikes shadows on the bedroom wall and the rain taps at the window with its long fingernails? No. When fear and cold make a statue of you in your bed, don't expect hard-boned and fleshless truth to come running to your aid. What you need are the plump comforts of a story. The soothing, rocking safety of a lie.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|Breckin, this is Holder. Holder is not my boyfriend, but if I catch him trying to break the record for best first kiss with another girl, then he'll soon be my not breathing non-boyfriend.
Joyce Carol Oates, Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang|So far away, but so beautiful. So powerful. I can always feel it tugging at me.
Sharon Kirstin, The Answers Within|Just like a flower, you are a creation of unique beauty from the one essence of life.
David E. Wilkins, The Legal Universe: Observations of the Foundations of American Law|While significant strides have been made in the pursuit of life expectancy, healthcare, educational opportunities, and constitutional protections for women, the Supreme Court, in particular, still wrestles with their status, as evidenced by their problems in pursuing equal opportunity in education and employment, reproductive freedom, the military, and violence against women.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|You have been told that, even like a chain, you are as weak as your weakest link.This is but half the truth.You are also as strong as your strongest link.To measure you by your smallest deed is to reckon the power of the oceanby the frailty of its foam.To judge you by your failures is to cast blame upon the seasons for their inconstancy.
Rachel Corrie|I got a number of very thoughtful responses to the email I sent out last night, most of which I don’t have time to respond to right now. Thanks everyone for the encouragement, questions, criticism. Daniel’s response was particularly inspiring to me and deserves to be shared. The resistance of Israeli Jewish people to the occupation and the enormous risk taken by those refusing to serve in the Israeli military offers an example, especially for those of us living in the United States, of how to behave when you discover that atrocities are being commited in your name. Thank you.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|what a life without a smile, so show some life smile
Rodney Brooks|What constrains or enables the capacity of human beings to work in groups is not so much the technology, but rather the capacity of the human brain to have and monitor social interactions.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|The better I get to know men, the more I find myself loving dogs.
Julie Ann Dawson|Then you have this other phenomena of the paranormal romance. It's all the benefits of being a vampire without the sacrifices. By the gods, Meyer's vampires walk around sparkling in the daylight and some are vegetarians. But this phenomenon is also tied to a lot of our communal fears. Fear of aging. Fear of fading youth. Fear of loneliness. But whereas the classic motifs are more concerned with confronting and overcoming our fears, the fears of the paranormal romance genre become twisted fantasies of denial. The idea of staying young, attractive and powerful for eternity feeds into the modern self-absorbed ethos.
A.J. Garces|As America slept, our constitutional quilt was slowly being unraveled by special interest... I hope you like the cold.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|The urge to change my mind and not go at all is enormous. I’m absolutely terrified to leave on that boat. But, if I don’t go, there’ll be one more broken person in this world who gave up a dream to sit in a chair, pick up the TV remote and shrink.
Scott Derrickson|Historically, science and society have gone separate ways, although society has provided the funds for science to grow, and in return, science has given society all the material things it enjoys.
J. C. Watts|You are that vast thing that you see far, far off with great telescopes.
Steven D. Woodhull|You've got a lot of choices. If getting out of bed in the morning is a chore and you're not smiling on a regular basis, try another choice.
Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us|Life is a funny thing. We only get so many years to live it, so we have to do everything we can to make sure those years are as full as they can be. We shouldn't waste time on things that might happen someday, or maybe even never.
Melody Beattie, The Language of Letting Go: Daily Meditations on Codependency|I used to spend so much time reacting and responding to everyone else that my life had no direction. Other people's lives, problems, and wants set the course for my life. Once I realized it was okay for me to think about and identify what I wanted, remarkable things began to take place in my life.
Seneca|The call of death is a call of love. Death can be sweet if we answer it in the affirmative, if we accept it as one of the great eternal forms of life and transformation.
Lance Conrad, The Price of Loyalty|Liberals want all people to have choices open to them - which does not mean that everyone HAS to choose things they don't want to or don't agree with. Quite frankly, I don't see why any sane human being would have a problem with that?
Brené Brown|I had a chance to lay it all out on the table, and I didn't. But that's the problem with shame. Shame doesn't like company. Shame's not something that likes to be shared.
H.g.|Emotions, moods, impulses, ebb and flow with the tide of my life. Tidal waves, at times, in a bipolar mind.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|Because I couldn't bear my burden and have come to throw it on another: you suffer too, and I shall feel better! And can you love such a mean wretch?
John A. Widtsoe, Rational Theology|Men, discouraged by their failure to accomplish exactly what they desire, often speak of their lives as purposeless, but it is idle talk, for, in fact, no intelligent life which concerns itself vigorously and properly with the things about it can be said to be purposeless. Such a life adheres, automatically, to the law of progression, and therefore moves toward a great destiny of supreme power and accompanying joys. The only purposeless life is the one that does not use its faculties. It matters little what tasks men perform in life, if only they do them well and will all their strength. In the eternal plan they are given progressive value. In an infinite universe, one cannot possibly learn all or do all, at once. A beginning must be made somewhere and corner by corner, department by department, space by space, all will be known and conquered. In the end, all must be explored, and whether one begins in the east or the west cannot matter much. The big concern is the extent to which a man offers himself, mind and body, to his worthwhile work. Upon that will growth depend.
Fidel Castro|We know that Diana Vishneva is a phenomenon of strength and style, and she certainly has earned the right to stretch her talents as best she can.
Jim Butcher, Proven Guilty|Children have their own kind of power. When you're teaching them, protecting them, you are more than you thought you could be. More understanding, more patient, more capable, more wise.
Jaron Lanier, You Are Not a Gadget|Everybody seemed to like Skype except him, Tony thought, closing his office door then settling in front of his screen. His dislike was both personal and professional. Everybody looked weird on Skype. Everyone, frankly, looked like a potential patient. There was something very unsettling about that fish-eyed stare. Even people he liked looked deranged. From a professional perspective, the trouble was you could never see enough of the person you were in conversation with to gauge their body language. They might be giving off all sort of signals you’d be aware of in what his boss had taken to calling “F2F encounters,” but the Skype interface could hide a multitude of clues.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|Now tequila may be the favored beverage of outlaws but that doesn't mean it gives them preferential treatment. In fact, tequila probably has betrayed as many outlaws as has the central nervous system and dissatisfied wives. Tequila, scorpion honey, harsh dew of the doglands, essence of Aztec, crema de cacti; tequila, oily and thermal like the sun in solution; tequila, liquid geometry of passion; Tequila, the buzzard god who copulates in midair with the ascending souls of dying virgins; tequila, firebug in the house of good taste; O tequila, savage water of sorcery, what confusion and mischief your sly, rebellious drops do generate!
Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer|Everything changes, but my love for you never will. I’ve fought myself on this too long and I can’t pretend anymore. I can’t feign that I don’t want to talk to you, to reach out and brush the hair out of your eyes, or wipe a tear off your cheek. I want to hold you, to tell you how much I love you, to kiss you without repercussions.” His voice grew softer, electricity sparking in the air. “I’ve loved you since I met you, Evangeline, and I will love you for all of eternity.
Ursula K. Le Guin|Women ought to have representatives, instead of being arbitrarily governed without any direct share allowed them in the deliberations of government.
Beth Revis|My heart will never forget what it’s like to fade in and out of time, to never know if one year or a thousand have passed by, to torture yourself with the idea of your soul trapped behind ice for all eternity.I know what torture there is behind ice.
Angelica Hopes|Obama's rhetorical overtures to democracy, it turned out, were just a decoy to conceal his unwavering determination to govern from the far left.
N.K. Jemisin, The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms|We can never be gods, after all--but we can become something less than human with frightening ease.
H. Rap Brown|As a poet and a teacher, I read all the time. I know I read slowly. I like reading, but I don't read any more than I have to.
Ashly Lorenzana|They say blood is thicker than water. It's also more treacherous, prone to betrayal, full of shit and quite honestly, I wouldn't put much weight into it at all.
Mark Gatiss, The Vesuvius Club|Well, what was I to do? For the well-bred gentleman there was clearly only one recourse. I fucked him.
Emily Thorne|In a race between danger and indecision, the difference between life and death comes down to confidence. Faith in our abilities, certainty in ourselves and the trust we put in others.
Laurie Helgoe|I shall suggest, on the contrary, that all communication relies, to a noticeable extent on evoking knowledge that we cannot tell, and that all our knowledge of mental processes, like feelings or conscious intellectual activities, is based on a knowledge which we cannot tell.
Sheila Applegate, Enchanted One: The Portal to Love|The world we live in might not be free from pain, but you have the ability to create for yourself a world free from struggle.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|Nice words and nice appearance doesn't conclude that someone is nice, i believe that the nicer you look, the more deceptive you appear.
C.S. Lewis, Till We Have Faces|Personally, I am always more impressed by simplicity, clarity; it is the mark of a writer who knows his subject well and is secure enough not to 'lay it on' in the telling. Aim for complexity of thought, not expression.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Dead anarchists make martyrs, you know, and keep living for centuries. But absent ones can be forgotten.
Marquis de Sade, Justine, or the Misfortunes of Virtue|It is only in the CREATION that all our ideas and conceptions of a word of God can unite. The Creation speaketh an universal language, independently of human speech or human language, multiplied and various as they be. It is an ever existing original, which every man can read. It cannot be forged; it cannot be counterfeited; it cannot be lost; it cannot be altered; it cannot be suppressed. It does not depend upon the will of man whether it shall be published or not; it publishes itself from one end of the earth to the other. It preaches to all nations and to all worlds; and this word of God reveals to man all that is necessary for man to know of God.Do we want to contemplate his power? We see it in the immensity of the creation. Do we want to contemplate his wisdom? We see it in the unchangeable order by which the incomprehensible Whole is governed. Do we want to contemplate his munificence? We see it in the abundance with which he fills the earth. Do we want to contemplate his mercy? We see it in his not withholding that abundance even from the unthankful. In fine, do we want to know what God is? Search not the book called the scripture, which any human hand might make, but the scripture called the Creation.
Mason Cooley|I prefer cats to people, for the most part. Most people aren't cute,& if they are cute they rapidly outgrow it
Jodi Picoult, Lone Wolf|The wolves knew when it was time to stop looking for what they'd lost, to focus instead on what was yet to come.
Sachin Kundalkar, Cobalt Blue|I became another man. I tried to reread the classics that had guided me in adolescence, and I could not bear them. I buried myself in the romantic writings I had repudiated when my mother tried to impose them on me with a heavy hand, and in them I became aware that the invincible power that has moved the world is unrequited, not happy love.
Sheila Jackson Lee|To plunder, to slaughter, to steal, these things they misname empire; and where they make a wilderness, they call it peace.
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|The elegant and beautiful Lotus flower must toil through the mud and mire of murky swamps and shadowy waters of darkness before it can finally bloom. Above the fray of struggle yet firmly rooted in rugged beginnings, it ultimately lies pristinely above the water, basking in the sun of triumph. So no matter what you’ve endured or where you come from...you are no different and no less beautiful. There is simply no greater beauty than when a flower blossoms despite its tough and humble beginnings. ~Jason Versey
Surgeo Bell|Quit hating and trying be like the next man. Get on your own grind & be better than the next man, whether you gotta hustle, work a job or whatever just do you.
Sunday Adelaja|It is hard to understand how a compassionate world order can include so many people afflicted by acute misery, persistent hunger and deprived and desperate lives, and why millions of innocent children have to die each year from lack of food or medical attention or social care. This issue, of course, is not new, and it has been a subject of some discussion among theologians. The argument that God has reasons to want us to deal with these matters ourselves has had considerable intellectual support. As a nonreligious person, I am not in a position to assess the theological merits of this argument. But I can appreciate the force of the claim that people themselves must have responsibility for the development and change of the world in which they live. One does not have to be either devout or non devout to accept this basic connection. As people who live-in a broad sense-together, we cannot escape the thought that the terrible occurrences that we see around us are quintessentially our problems. They are our responsibility-whether or not they are also anyone else's. As competent human beings, we cannot shirk the task of judging how things are and what needs to be done. As reflective creatures, we have the ability to contemplate the lives of others. Our sense of behavior may have caused (though that can be very important as well), but can also relate more generally to the miseries that we see around us and that lie within our power to help remedy. That responsibility is not, of course, the only consideration that can claim our attention, but to deny the relevance of that general claim would be to miss something central about our social existence. It is not so much a matter of having the exact rules about how precisely we ought to behave, as of recognizing the relevance of our shared humanity in making the choices we face.
Nicholas Sparks, The Best of Me|Marriage is a partnership, not a democracy.
Tegan Quin|The person you are (in total, at that moment in time) is what creates the story you're writing. It's infused in every piece of punctuation, in the plot, in the most minor character who crosses the page. It's all your voice.
Roselynn Cannes, Fallen|Many confuse things with their names. This is a mistake. A name is only a word and a word will never be the thing itself. And, yet, names – as words – have power, not inherently, but because we give it to them.
M. Leighton, Down to You|I have no clue. I have ovaries; therefore, I repel all things mechanical.
Sarah McLachlan|When people discuss the 1960s and the great Civil Rights Era, they often speak in romantic terms as if there wasn't immense work put in, and as if there wasn't immense sacrifice that took place. But none of those battles were easily fought and won; there were sustained movements behind them.
Flannery O'Connor, A Good Man is Hard to Find and Other Stories|She would've been a good woman," said The Misfit, "if it had been somebody there to shoot her every minute of her life.
Antony Beevor|In Republics, the great danger is, that the majority may not sufficiently respect the rights of the minority.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Storytellers think they're writing for the audience. They're writing, in a way, to hurt the audience.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Compatibility doesn't determine the fate of a marriage, how you deal with the incompatibilities, does.
Piers Anthony|People talk-- they sneer at escapism. Well, there are those of us who need it.
Joanne Harris, Five Quarters of the Orange|I know this world is far from perfect.I am not the type to mistake a streetlight for the moon.I know our wounds are deep as the Atlantic.But every ocean has a shorelineand every shoreline has a tidethat is constantly returningto wake the songbirds in our hands,to wake the music in our bones,to place one fearless kiss on the mouth of that new born riverthat has to run through the center of our heartsto find its way home.
Nicholas Carr, The Shallows: What the Internet is Doing to Our Brains|[Patricia Greenfield] concluded that “every medium develops some cognitive skills at the expense of others.” Our growing use of the Net and other screen-based technologies has led to the “widespread and sophisticated development of visual-spatial skills.” We can, for example, rotate objects in our minds better than we used to be able to. But our “new strengths in visual-spatial intelligence” go hand in hand with a weakening of our capacities for the kind of “deep processing” that underpins “mindful knowledge acquisition, inductive analysis, critical thinking, imagination, and reflection.
Jane Austen|Mr. ***** is blessed with such happy manners as may ensure his making friends -- whether he may be equally capable of retaining them, is less certain.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Voices of the Night|Life is real! Life is earnest!And the grave is not its goal;Dust thou are, to dust thou returnest,Was not spoken of the soul.
Ted Chiang, Stories of Your Life and Others|The paperweight was the room he was in, and the coral was Julia's life and his own, fixed in a sort of eternity at the heart of the crystal.
Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy, Out of Revolution: Autobiography of Western Man|And the great question for mankind is what is to be loved or hated next, whenever and old love or fear has lost its hold.
Eugene O'Neill, The Iceman Cometh|If you stand at the window where I stood, if you read the books that I read, if we can be with each other even just like that...then lets, count that as us being together. I'll miss you alot. I love you. I love you...
Brene Brown|Prior to email, our private correspondence was secured by a government institution called the postal service. Today, we trust AOL, Microsoft, Yahoo, Facebook, or Gmail with our private utterances.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Dragonswan|Be kind to dragons, for thou art crunchy when toasted and taste good with ketchup. (Sebastian)
Anton Chekhov, The Three Sisters|With total rapture and delight he talks about the birds which he can see from his prison window, and which he had never noticed before, when he was a minister. Now of course, after he's been released, he doesn't notice the birds anymore, just as beforehand. In the same way you won't notice Moscow, when you actually live there.
Tena Desae|Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.
Jennette McCurdy|It is very clear that voice communications is moving on to the Internet. In the end, the price that anyone can provide for voice transmission on the Net will trend toward zero.
Kathryn Loch, Sworn to Protect|Is talking the only thing you can do with your mouth?"Seven flicked a look up. "No.""Good.
John Piper, Spectacular Sins: And Their Global Purpose in the Glory of Christ|The Gospel is entirely objective. The Gospel is completely outside of ourselves. The Gospel is not about the change which needs to be made in us, and it does not take place within us. It was completed in Christ, quite apart from us, almost two thousand years ago. The Gospel is not dependent on man in any way. The Gospel is distorted when we turn people's eyes to what is to be accomplished in them. We were not and cannot be involved in any part of Christ's historical, finished, redemptive work. The sinner must be taught to look completely away from himself and trust only in Christ and His work of salvation.
CS Pacat|I hate it too,” Violet said, and Klaus looked at his older sister with relief. Sometimes, just saying that you hate something, and having someone agree with you, can make you feel better about a terrible situation.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|What?" Jace was still staring at her as if she'd told him she'd found one of the Silent Brothers doing nude cartwheels in the hallway.
Andrew Solomon|Thank God for modern medicine. It was not until 1905 that ergophobia (the morbid fear of returning to work) was first identified and reported in the British Medical Journal. As yet there is no known cure, but doctors have been working on it, and may get back to working on it sometime soon.
Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ|The cross, therefore, is always ready; it awaits you everywhere. No matter where you may go, you cannot escape it, for wherever you go you take yourself with you and shall always find yourself. Turn where you will—above, below, without, or within—you will find a cross in everything, and everywhere you must have patience if you would have peace within and merit an eternal crown.
Laverne Cox|I still remember asking my high school guidance teacher for permission to take a second year of algebra instead of a fifth year of Latin. She looked down her nose at me and sneered, 'What lady would take mathematics instead of Latin?'
Vivienne Ming|You really have to work hard and apply yourself and by applying yourself and working hard and being diligent, you can achieve success.
Criss Jami|I am not convinced within myself that to its core and as a whole, humanity has, as some like to assume, progressed a great deal over the millennia. Human technology? Of course. Human beings? Hardly.
Jane Gaskell, Strange Evil|I will either adamantly prioritize my agendas at the expense of the truth, or I will consistently bring my agendas into unrelenting obedience to the truth. And if for some reason you’re trying to determine who I truly am, the choice I make will tell you.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|For someone who needs refuge, a key is provided.
Ahmed Ali Anjum, Talking Pillow|I Tried, But What I Had with You I Couldn’t Have with Anyone Else.
Moshe Safdie|What you want is to rev up your metabolism so that you are burning fat and calories, not preserving fat and calories.
Matthew Gallaway, #Gods|Like God, art seemed to hover over us, perhaps benevolent, and often sublime, but constantly, maddeningly out of reach.
N.T. Wright|Unless a person can give reasons, there is, literally, no reason why anyone else should take that person seriously. But without reasons, all we are left with is emotional blackmail. We sometimes call it 'moral blackmail,' but it has nothing to do with morals, only with the implied juvenile threat of having a tantrum unless everyone else gives in.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Folly, like its consequences, is dreadful.Wisdom, like its rewards, is great.
Dinesh D'Souza, What's So Great About Christianity|The life of West, Nietzsche said, is based on Christianity. The values of the West are based on Christianity. Some of these values seem to have taken a life of their own, and this gives us the illusion that we can get rid of Christianity and keep the values. This, Nietzsche says, is an illusion...Remove the Christian foundation, and the values must go too.
Marcha A. Fox, A Dark of Endless Days|Good science fiction starts with a question "what if...?
Chomsky Noam|16 days of activism? I don't know about you folks, but I'm an activist every single day.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Advantage and Disadvantage of History for Life|It takes a huge amount of culture to normalize "crazy", and of course that's its main focus
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|Death pulls people from our spaces so often and we accept it as our final payment for having been here and having lived, however big or small. We don’t always have time to notice how things have changed in the absence of some of them. But then death pulls away someone we love, and we find that time. In here, we notice everything; growing grass and fingernails, and songs that end in a minor key. We are too sad to do anything else but watch a clock, applying seconds, minutes, and hours to the trauma and the lacerations. Time, the forever healer, they say. We find the time to wonder how everyone else is moving on, around our paralyzed selves. Ourselves unsure of roads and trees and birds and things. It all blurs and words aren’t words anymore. We find the time to attempt to figure a way to rethink everything we thought about this world and why we came to it.
Walter de la Mare, The Return|We are *all* we are, and all in a sense we care to dream we are. And for that matter, anything outlandish, bizarre, is a godsend in this rather stodgy life. It is after all just what the old boy said – it's only the impossible that's credible; whatever credible may mean...
Michael Bassey Johnson, Comfort|Though anger seems a pessimistic response to a situation, it is at root a symptom of hope: the hope that the world can be better than it is. The man who shouts every time he loses his house keys is betraying a beautiful but rash faith in a universe in which keys never go astray. The woman who grows furious every time a politician breaks an election promise reveals a precariously utopian belief that elections do not involve deceit.	The news shouldn’t eliminate angry responses; but it should help us to be angry for the right reasons, to the right degree, for the right length of time – and as part of a constructive project.	And whenever this isn’t possible, then the news should help us with mourning the twisted nature of man and reconciling us to the difficulty of being able to imagine perfection while still not managing to secure it – for a range of stupid but nevertheless unbudgeable reasons.
Susan C. Young|Have you ever made a commitment for which you felt conviction or passion at the time in which it was made, yet as time went by, you lost interest, lost passion, got distracted, or found something else which would result in a greater reward? If your commitments have wavered, recommit yourself to fulfill your promises and do the right thing.
Laura Sessions Stepp, Unhooked: How Young Women Pursue Sex, Delay Love, and Lose at Both|Sex isn't good unless it means something. It doesn't necessarily need to mean "love" and it doesn't necessarily need to happen in a relationship, but it does need to mean intimacy and connection...There exists a very fine line between being sexually liberated and being sexually used.
Richard Armour|Libraries are brothels for the mind. Which means that librarians are the madams, greeting punters, understanding their strange tastes and needs, and pimping their books.
Samuel Butler|The slave is doomed to worship time and fate and death, because they are greater than anything he finds in himself, and because all his thoughts are of things which they devour.
Emma Bull, Finder|If I dropped a tear upon your hand, may it wither it up! If I spoke a gentle word in your hearing, may it deafen you! If I touched you with my lips, may the touch be poison to you! A curse upon this roof that gave me shelter! Sorrow and shame upon your head! Ruin upon all belonging to you!
Malcolm X|While most activists could use a good dose of gentleness, I think most believers could use a good dose of holy anger.
Michael Card, A Fragile Stone: The Emotional Life of Simon Peter|There comes a moment in our lives when some of the pieces of the puzzle come together - where all our past experiences, both good and bad, are brought to bear in causing us to become who God intends us to be.
Alexa Riley, Forbidden Princess|Warning note:Do you really wonder if there’s a happily ever after? Because you know that’s kind of our thing, right? Look, he chases her, but it all works out. Also it’s really hot. Get it!
Richard Wright, The Outsider|If you've a notion of what man's heart is, wouldn't you say that maybe the whole effort of man on earth to build a civilization is simply man's frantic and frightened attempt to hide himself from himself? That there is a part of man that man wants to reject? That man wants to keep from knowing what he is? That he wants to protect himself from seeing that he is something awful? And that this 'awful' part of himself might not be as awful as he thinks, but he finds it too strange and he does not know what to do with it? We talk about what to do with the atom bomb...But man's heart, his spirit is the deadliest thing in creation. Are not all cultures and civilizations just screens which men have used to divide themselves, to put between that part of themselves which they are afraid of and that part of themselves which they wish, in their deep timidity, to try to preserve? Are not all of man's efforts at order an attempt to still man's fear of himself?
Charlie Pace|He thought each memory recalled must do some violence to its origins. As in a party game. Say the word and pass it on. So be sparing. What you alter in the remembering has yet a reality,known or not.
Becky Allen, Bound by Blood and Sand|Even though she was powerful enough to kill, she could also grow flowers.
Marla Sokoloff|My high school years were fun and frustrating, typical of the teen years. The most important accomplishment was meeting my wife, Ruth.
L. Joseph Shosty, Swallow the Evil|It had initially been thought that the zombie virus was an offshoot of Ebola. Many zombie-virus symptoms mimicked the terrible, hemorrhagic fever.
Kate  Collier|As a writer, I'm always at the mercy of my inspiration, my intuition, and my imagination.
P.G. Wodehouse|As for Gussie Finknottle, many an experienced undertaker would have been deceived by his appearance and started embalming on sight.
Alan G. Robinson, The Idea-Driven Organization: Unlocking the Power in Bottom-Up Ideas|Very few managers know how to effectively tap the biggest source of performance improvement available to them: namely, the creativity and knowledge of the people who work for them.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|I could never hurt him enough to make his betrayal stop hurting. And it hurts, in every part of my body.
Thomas Hardy, Under the Greenwood Tree|You are a child of the universe, no less than the trees and the stars. In the noisy confusion of life, keep peace in your soul.
Marion Zimmer Bradley, The Forest House| A life path may have strange twists and turnings, and we do not always end up where we intend to go....
Dakota Fanning|The hardest thing is at the end you have to say bye to all these people who you have worked with for so many months. It was really sad not to see them anymore. But you have the parties that you go to and you get to see them, like the premieres and the screenings.
Yōko Ogawa, Hotel Iris|I catch sight of Luis with one of my bandannas on his head and my gut tightens. I yank it off him. "Don't ever touch this, Luis.""Why not?" he asks, his deep brown eyes all innocent.To Luis, it's a bandanna. To me, it's a symbol of what is and will never be. How the hell am I supposed to explain it to an eleven-year-old kid? He knows what I am. It's no secret the bandanna has the Latino Blood colors on it. Payback and revenge got me in and now there's no way out. But I'll die before I let one of my brothers get sucked in.I ball the bandanna in my fist. "Luis, don't touch my shit. Especially my Blood stuff.""I like red and black."That's the last thing I need to hear. "If I ever catch you wearin' it again, you'll be sportin' black and blue," I tell him. "Got it, little brother?"He shrugs. "Yeah. I got it.
Karl Marx|We have an obligation and a responsibility to be investing in our students and our schools. We must make sure that people who have the grades, the desire and the will, but not the money, can still get the best education possible.
Allegra Goodman, The Cookbook Collector|Jack is somewhere in this city, right now. The thought was like passing by a house where someone was grilling in the back yard. You could smell it, but it wasn't yours, and you couldn't just barge into their home and demand a burger, no matter how your mouth watered.
Ken Wilson, A Letter to My Congregation: An evangelical pastor's path to embracing people who are gay, lesbian and transgender in the company of Jesus|It's not enough, and so limiting, to teach the simplistic value of a designer's material wear. Give children the gift of values that will last far beyond [a] fad's temporal popularity.
Kerrelyn Sparks, How to Marry a Millionaire Vampire|Look, Laszlo. I'll have the dentist with me, and I don't want to alarm her any more than necessary. So take Vanna out of the backseat and stick her in the trunk."Shanna halted. Her mouth dropped open. Her throat seized up, making it hard to breathe.I don't care how much crap you have in the trunk. We're not driving around with a naked body in the car."Oh no! She gasped for air. He was a hit man.
Michelle Pfeiffer|Hope is a feeling that life and work have meaning. You either have it or you don't, regardless of the state of the world that surrounds you.
Marc Newson|Jazz is smooth and cool. Jazz is rage. Jazz flows like water. Jazz never seems to begin or end. Jazz isn't methodical, but jazz isn't messy either. Jazz is a conversation, a give and take. Jazz is the connection and communication between musicians. Jazz is abandon.
Aisha Tyler|With the mining sites, I found a subject matter that carried forth my fascination with the undoing of the landscape, in terms of both its formal beauty and its environmental politics.
Harlem Dae, The Player|From the shoulders, slowly a pair of wings unfolded, wings made of rainbows, of light upon water, of poetry. Calvin fell to his knees. "No," Mrs. Whatsit said, though her voice was not Mrs. Whatsit's voice. "Not to me Calvin. Never to me. Stand up.
R.D. Shanks, A Reverie of Brothers|...all this convinced him that he had come to one of those revolting havens where pathetic depravity makes its abode, born of tawdry education and the terrible populousness of the capital. One of those havens where man blasphemously crushes and derides all the pure and holy that adorns life, where woman, the beauty of the world, the crown of creation, turns into some strange, ambiguous being, where, along with purity of soul, she loses everything feminine and repulsively adopts all the mannerisms and insolence of a man, and ceases to be that weak, that beautiful being so different from us.
Kate Avelynn, Flawed|He stabs his fingers through his drying hair and resumes his pacing. “You think I don’t know this went really fast? I didn’t plan for this to happen. Hell, I didn’t even know if you’d let me talk to you, much less be with you. But then you did and we did and…” He stops in the center of the room and stares at me, his shoulders sagging. “I figured out pretty quick that this is a forever thing for me. I think it has been from the very beginning.
Conn Iggulden, Genghis: Birth of an Empire|Courage cannot be left like bones in a bag. It must be brought out and shown the light again and again, growing stronger each time. If you think it will keep for the times you need it, you are wrong. It is like any other part of your strength. If you ignore it, the bag will be empty when you need it most.
Elizabeth Strout|Autism: The Happy Kingdom is an exceptional book full of fantasy and play. It provides us with a crucial message presented in such a sweet and magical way. You will fall in love with the King, Queen, Prince and Princess and be delighted to discover how adorable they are even if they have unusual behaviors. This story has been written to raise awareness about autism, however, it is a message that applies to everyone and should be read by all.
Courtney Schafer, The Tainted City|I didn't die, and that's the point. Doesn't matter how close you come if you walk away whole.
David W. Earle|This wonderful gray of acceptance resides between the extremes of black and white thinking; looking for serenity, explore the gray. Part of that acceptance is understanding that life is hard and involves life and death. Part of that acceptance is that I am responsible for my actions.
L.M. Montgomery, Emily of New Moon|Don't let yourself slip and get any perfect characters... keep them people, people, people, and don't let them get to be symbols.
Kelli Jae Baeli, Supernatural Hypocrisy: The Cognitive Dissonance of a God Cosmology|If I say I do not believe in faeries or elves or trolls, does this imply that I have a set of beliefs and a lifestyle that adheres to this lack of belief? NO, IT ONLY IMPLIES that I do not believe in faeries, elves and trolls. So one cannot extrapolate morality, philosophy, cosmology, character, political party, or any other thing of that sort from the mere lack of belief in one other thing.
Michelle Cuevas, Confessions of an Imaginary Friend|For every drop of water you waste, you must know that somewhere on earth someone is desperately looking for a drop of water!
Margaret Atwood, Good Bones|Actually, what does man live for?”“To think about it. Any other question?” “Yes. Why does he die just when he has done that and has become a bit more sensible?” “Some people die without having become more sensible.”“Don’t evade my question. And don’t start talking about the transmigration of souls.” “I’ll ask you something else first. Lions kill antelopes; spiders flies; foxes chickens; which is the only race in the world that wars on itself uninterruptedly, fighting and killing one another?” “Those are questions for children. The crown of creation, of course, the human being— who invented the words love, kindness, and mercy.” “Good. And who is the only being in Nature that is capable of committing suicide and does it?” “Again the human being— who invented eternity, God, and resurrection.”“Excellent,” Ravic said. “You see of how many contradictions we consist. And you want to know why we die?
|Understanding that quitting is never an option, leaves winning as the only option.
Allan McNish|In Copenhagen, there's a long-term commitment to creating a well-functioning pedestrian city where all forms of movement - pedestrian, bicycles, cars, public transportation - are accommodated with equal priority.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When I write I face my demons, and defeat them.
Amanda Filipacchi, Nude Men|I am a man without many pleasures in life, a man whose few pleasures are small, but a man whose small pleasures are very important to him. One of them is eating. One reading. Another reading while eating.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|Oh bless Speranza, for giving her son such a preposterous name as Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde.
Robert   Harris, The Fear Index|If you owe ten pounds to the Bank of England, you get thrown in jail, but if you owe a million pounds, they invite you to sit on the Board
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow|Hiram!' Shelton ran to Hi's side. 'Aren't you you bleeding? I thought she shot you!''Red wine. When I saw it running everywhere, I played dead.' He winced as Shelton poked his belly. 'But I'm not leaping off any more shelves. That was pretty stupid.
Natalie Brenner, This Undeserved Life: Uncovering The Gifts of Grief and The Fullness of Life|I wanted to forgive my mom and my dad so badly for the deep hurt they caused, the fear their broken marriage invoked in me, but I also didn’t want to pretend anymore. Pretending is exhausting.
Ryan North|To answer your question as honestly as I can, I've wanted since I was very little to not have to worry about money. I've never been poverty-level poor (I mean, there's been years where I've been officially beneath the poverty line, but that wasn't poverty: that was being a student and living the Student Lifestyle), but I've been in a place where you know you can't afford a better-quality food, where you can't do certain things because of money, and I'd prefer not to have those problems if I can. I sort of have troubles with money in general, with how it determines so much of our lives but with how we all try to ignore it, but I would like to be (and stay) in a place where I can pick up some new comics and games and not worry about how much they cost.This is terrible; you're asking me where I want to be in the future, what I want my life to be like, and the only thing I can tell you is "Man, all I know is I don't want to be POOR.
Ronald Rolheiser, The Holy Longing: The Search for a Christian Spirituality|Spirituality is about what we do about the fire inside of us, about how we channel our eros.
Laura Hillenbrand, Seabiscuit: An American Legend|He had no money and no home; he lived entirely on the road of the racing circuit, sleeping in empty stalls, carrying with him only a saddle, his rosary, and his books....The books were the closest thing he had to furniture, and he lived in them the way other men live in easy chairs.
M.H. Rakib, The Cavalier|Be in limits, life will never limit you.
Nikki Rowe|I think people give up, because it's the easy option, but my goodness; why would giving up be easy? Your living your life chasing anything to fill the void of what came about when you let go of everything that mattered? I'd rather fight like mad, for everything that will ever matter, because giving in to anything that doesn't will never cure the dream.
Mehmet Murat ildan|What is your big project in the New Year? You don’t have one? No dream, no reality! Get a big dream for yourself now to get a big reality tomorrow!
Stephen Curry|The relationship between parents and children, but especially between mothers and daughters, is tremendously powerful, scarcely to be comprehended in any rational way.
Eleanor Catton, The Rehearsal|it's back to school time. or as home-schoolers call it, stay-where-you-are time.
Yann Martel, Beatrice and Virgil|See you on the other side of the screen, if you make it, earnest cyberspace cadet.
Neil Peart|But think of the glory of the choice! That makes a man a man. A cat has no choice, a bee must make honey. There's no godliness there.
Robin Sacredfire|When Freemasons vainglory on their deeds during the French Revolution, they forget that many innocents paid with their own life for that, including pregnant women and children from the royal families, and those that have witness it didn't forget, and will likewise turn the karma back on them in the years to come, making their innocents pay for the guilty ones.
Aidan Chambers, Dying to Know You|Do I love you because you're beautiful, or are you beautiful because I love you? Am I making believe I see in you, a woman too perfect to be really true? Do I want you because you're wonderful, or are you wonderful because I want you? Are you the sweet invention of a lover's dream, or are you really as beautiful as you seem?
Bill Cosby, Himself|The captain of a ship can run a great ship, but he can't do anything about the tides.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|Dare to be among the greatest. Even if you did not get the best, you will be above the good.
Susan Griffin, Woman and Nature: The Roaring Inside Her|In the cage is the lion. She paces with her memories. Her body is a record of her past. As she moves back and forth, one may see it all: the lean frame, the muscular legs, the paw enclosing long sharp claws, the astonishing speed of her response. She was born in this garden. She has never in her life stretched those legs. Never darted farther than twenty yards at a time. Only once did she use her claws. Only once did she feel them sink into flesh. And it was her keeper's flesh. Her keeper whom she loves, who feeds her, who would never dream of harming her, who protects her. Who in his mercy forgave her mad attack, saying this was in her nature, to be cruel at a whim, to try to kill what she loves. He had come into her cage as he usually did early in the morning to change her water, always at the same time of day, in the same manner, speaking softly to her, careful to make no sudden movement, keeping his distance, when suddenly she sank down, deep down into herself, the way wild animals do before they spring, and then she had risen on all her strong legs, and swiped him in one long, powerful, graceful movement across the arm. How lucky for her he survived the blow. The keeper and his friends shot her with a gun to make her sleep. Through her half-open lids she knew they made movements around her. They fed her with tubes. They observed her. They wrote comments in notebooks. And finally they rendered a judgment. She was normal. She was a normal wild beast, whose power is dangerous, whose anger can kill, they had said. Be more careful of her, they advised. Allow her less excitement. Perhaps let her exercise more. She understood none of this. She understood only the look of fear in her keeper's eyes. And now she paces. Paces as if she were angry, as if she were on the edge of frenzy. The spectators imagine she is going through the movements of the hunt, or that she is readying her body for survival. But she knows no life outside the garden. She has no notion of anger over what she could have been, or might be. No idea of rebellion.It is only her body that knows of these things, moving her, daily, hourly, back and forth, back and forth, before the bars of her cage.
Noam Chomsky, Hegemony or Survival: America's Quest for Global Dominance|The missile crisis "was the most dangerous moment in human history," Arthur Schlesinger commented in October 2002 at a conference in Havana on the fortieth anniversary of the crisis, attended by a number of those who witnessed it from within as it unfolded. Desision-makers at the time undoubtedly understood that the fate of the world was in their hands. Nevertheless, attendees at the conference may have been shocked by some of the revelations. They were informed that in October 1962 the world was "one word away" from nuclear war. "A guy named Arkhipov saved the world," said Thomas Blanton of the National Security Archive in Washington, which helped organize the event. He was referring to Vasil Arkhipov, a Soviet submarine officer blocked an order to fire nuclear-armed toredoes in October 27, at the tensest moment of the crisis, when te submarines were under attack bu US destroyers, A devastating response would have been a near certainty, leading a major war. Pg 74, Penguin Publication
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|You have a unique gift to offer this world. Be true to yourself, be kind to yourself, read and learn about everything that interests you and keep away from people who bring you down. When you treat yourself kindly and respect the uniqueness of those around you, you will be giving this world an amazing gift... YOU!
source unknown|Guys are accessories, until one proves he's a necessity
Yemi Akinsiwaju|I am of the opinion that a tantric lifestyle can not only build successful individuals, but it has the potential to shape successful yet harmonious communities and even business enterprises.
Eileen Anglin|What is it that you want to do, or put out into this world that is greater than your fear?
Tracy March, Just Say Maybe|He held a beautiful bouquet of mixed wildflowers and offered them to her. "They missed you." He brushed a kiss on her lips. "Just like me.
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|People don’t realize, he said, how important it is to wake up every morning with a song in your heart.” J. Krishnamurti. “The song stands for a sense of joy in existence, a joy that is free of any good or bad choices.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Spiritual Girl's Guide to Dating: Your Enlightened Path to Love, Sex, & Soul Mates|Spiritual dating is a way to date and enjoy yourself that is emotionally safer, gentler, and infinitely more pleasurable than regular dating.
Todd Burpo, Heaven is for Real: A Little Boy's Astounding Story of His Trip to Heaven and Back|I don't like Paradise,As they probably don't have obsessions there.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When you succumb to cynicism, darkness, pessimism and sarcasm you are amplifying imbalance and negativity.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The humble sinner will sometimes be interpreted as one of the filthiest in the eyes of man yet immersed in the eyes of God, and this is due to the volition of honesty regarding his own corruption.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Pursuit of passion, dream of dreamers!
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Use the powerful tool of thought and develop your mindset to believing and knowing you can change anything to your favour; yes, you have God`s Word so fashion your thought according to God`s Word.
Robert Burns, The Complete Works Of Robert Burns|While Europe's eye is fix'd on mighty things,The fate of empires and the fall of kings;While quacks of State must each produce his plan,And even children lisp the Rights of Man;Amid this mighty fuss just let me mention,The Rights of Woman merit some attention.
David Sedaris, Barrel Fever: Stories and Essays|He saw it in her eyes. The anguish, the frustration. The terrible nothing that clawed inside and sought to smother her. She knew. It was there, inside. She had been br
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|Faith can be very very dangerous, and deliberately to implant it into the vulnerable mind of an innocent child is a grievous wrong.
Sheryl Sandberg|Just being nice is not a winning strategy. Nice sends a message that the woman is willing to sacrifice pay to be liked by others. This is why a woman needs to combine niceness with insistence, a style that Mary sue Coleman, president of the University of Michigan, calls "relentlessly pleasant." This method requires smiling frequently, expressing appreciation and concern, invoking common interests, emphasizing larger goals, and approaching the negotiation as solving a problem as opposed to taking a critical stance. Most negotiations involve drawn-out, successive moves, so women need to stay focused... and smile.No wonder women don't negotiate as much as men. It's like trying to cross a minefield backward in high heels. So what should we do? Should we play by the rules that others created? Should we figure out a way to put on a friendly expression while not being too nice, displaying the right levels of loyalty and using "we" language? I understand the paradox of advising women to change the world by adhering to biased rules and expectations. I know it is not a perfect answer but a means to a desirable end. It is also true, as any good negotiator knows, that having a better understanding of the other side leads to a superior outcome. So at the very least, women can enter these negotiations with the knowledge that showing concern for the common good, even as they negotiate for themselves, will strengthen their position.
Erich Maria Remarque|Where would the world be if we took every man to book? There were thousands of Kantoreks, all of whom were convinced that they were acting for the best- in a way that cost them nothing.
Wordions|People are looking for someone to listen to them. Someone willing to grant them time, to listen to their dramas and difficulties. This is what I call the “apostolate of the ear,” and it is important. Very important. I feel compelled to say to confessors: talk, listen with patience, and above all tell people that God loves them.
Maria V. Snyder, Poison Study|But you've slipped under my skin, invaded my blood and seized my heart.
Stefan Molyneux|For the most part, people strenuously resist any redefinition of morality, because it shakes them to the very core of their being to think that in pursuing virtue they may have been feeding vice, or in fighting vice they may have in fact been fighting virtue.
Peter Watson|The curious fact is that biology tells us nothing about desire. And, when you think about it, culture -- novels, movies, opera, and quite a lot of painting -- is about desire, how we manage desire, how we suffer from it, and how it brings us joy when we get things right. A story without desire -- and that means without the insistence of desire -- will be empty, dry, and more or less aimless. That is one reason we read novels, to see how people fall into awkward moral situations and then try to extricate themselves. This is why there is so much anguish in the world: frustrated desire is every bit as miserable as poverty, because desire is no respecter of one’s position in life: everyone goes through it.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|You might just be the craziest person I've ever know, but you're also the bravest. - Marcus
Richard Armour|Ironically, women who acquire power are more likely to be criticized for it than are the men who have always had it.
Michael Haneke|If you lose a man because you thought the best but were all wrong, then that's his fault. If you lose him because you thought the very worst and were wrong, then that's yours. And there's nothing so sad as missing out on love for lack of a little faith.
John Eldredge|Housing Works is the coolest thrift store in the world, because not only are they the best thrift store - they're not the most thrifty thrift store - but they have amazing stuff and all of their proceeds go directly to kids, mostly homeless kids, living with AIDS and HIV in New York, in the metropolitan area.
Ammar Moussa (عمار موسى), رحلة إلى ما وراء القمة|There is something that happens when you know that life is finite: a desire for greatness, for whatever fleeting moments of brilliance you can leave in the world after you're gone. And whether the end of your life is five years away or fifty, the fact that you just don't know is a great motivator for not waiting to begin that thing that could potentially be your legacy. Whether it's a work of art, or a scientific breakthrough, a good deed, or a child, leaving something of yourself for others to experience and remember is sometimes the greatest excuse to live a life that's more than just crossing the distance between birth and death.
John Pomfret|Ideology... is indispensable in any society if men are to be formed, transformed and equipped to respond to the demands of their conditions of existence.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you get for it, but what you become for it. Shake things up today! Be You...Be Free...Share.
Phoef Sutton, Fifteen Minutes to Live|I lean down so that my face is right in front of hers and whisper, ‘He doesn’t love you. I love you.
Voltaire|When good people in any country cease their vigilance and struggle, then evil men prevail.
Eileen P Carry|Negativity is like being stung constantly by a thousand bees. At first it’s really annoying, but after a few more stings it becomes toxic.
Ted Cruz|On the Left, the best and brightest go into politics - Barack Obama is the epitome of the perfect leftist. On the Right, the best and brightest go make money. Very few conservatives want to endure all the nonsense you have to put up with to run for office.
Vince Lombardi Jr.|A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worthwhile, it can be done.
Lionel Suggs|People enjoy the passion of delusions. However, the world is built on a basis that if you free yourself, you find yourself within another illusion. There is always a truth hidden within a truth. It is no different from illusions and deceptions of reality. The question then becomes -- how does one become truly free?
Mehmet Murat ildan|Does trying to understand the universe at all betray a lack of humility? I believe it is true that humility is the only just response in a confrontation with the universe, but not a humility that prevents us from seeking the nature of the universe we are admiring. If we seek that nature, then love can be informed by truth instead of being based on ignorance or self-deception. If a Creator God exists, would He or She or It or whatever the appropriate pronoun is, prefer a kind of sodden blockhead who worships while understanding nothing? Or would He prefer His votaries to admire the real universe in all its intricacy? I would suggest that science is, at least in part, informed worship.
Pearl S. Buck, The Eternal Wonder|Micro: Letters create words. Words create language. Language, we are told, permits knowledge & expression. Language is what we are. Are we jailed?
Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice|I was recently living more comfortably surrounded by secrets... Like dozens of luxurious satiny pillows, they were embracing me from all directions into safe lulling warmth, thus isolating me from the sharp dead-cold edges of the truth hiding behind their endearingly smooth textures and tender soothing colours.Secrets could be so irresistibly beautiful...
Tina Fey, Bossypants|I need a boy who thinks with his big head, not his little one. Since they do not exist, I have fashioned my own.
Abhishek Kumar Singh|ERIC: What are you always writin' in that book anyway?RODNEY: Poetry.TYRONE: Poetry?Rodney stops sketching and sentimentally flips through a few dozen pages of sketches and handwritten poems and notes.RODNEY: Poetry and pictures. Snapshots of our lives developed in the darkrooms of our souls."From CENTRAL PARK SONG -- a screenplay
August Strindberg|There is only one way to achieve happiness on this terrestrial ball, and that is to have either a clear conscience or none at all.
Liv Tyler|I need to take everything one step at a time. If I think about that too much, I'll miss this amazing experience.
Embee, Tess Embers|Are you okay?” someone asked.	“I’m fine,” I snapped, turning to face Jayden Griffin.	“I have to admit, you’re getting better at lying, Tess Embers,” he said quietly. “However, I know you’re not okay.
S.M Camacho|When God says hold up, wait, pray, it’s not your time yet, our entire bodies rebel, legs kicking and flailing like some overturned dung beetle certain that if we try hard enough we might be able to gain a little traction on our own
Anna Quindlen|It turned out that when my younger self thought of taking wing, she wanted only to let her spirit soar. Books are the plane, the train, and the road. They are the destination, and the journey. They are home.
Magnus Flyte, City of Dark Magic|Eleanor was all apologies, but Sarah enjoyed seeing a bit more of the Czech countryside. You probably couldn't say that you had really seen a country if all you had seen was a city or two. You had to see where the food was grown, what the riverbanks looked like, and what the highway manners of the inhabitants were.
Abdur-Rehman Qadeer|Lucas heard a strange sound, something he hadn’t heard in months. At first it didn’t seem real, it was something distant from the past. It was the first time in nearly a year he had heard himself laugh, and it momentarily stunned him
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals|...We find that the more a cultivated reason applies itself with deliberate purpose to the enjoyment of life and happiness, so much the more does the man fail of true satisfaction... even from the sciences... they find that they have, in fact, only brought more trouble on their shoulders rather than gained in happiness; and they end by envying rather than despising the more common stamp of men who keep closer to the guidance of mere instinct, and do not allow their reason much influence on their conduct... [T]here lies at the root of these judgments the idea that our existence has a different and far nobler end, for which, and not for happiness, reason is properly intended...
Stephen King|It is far better to grasp the universe as it really is than to persist in delusion, however satisfying and reassuring.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Learning voyage, the greatest adventure.
Deyth Banger|Sometimes, it will never make sense until you find the right path that makes sense to you and no one else.
Jennifer Faye, Snowbound with the Soldier|It’d been a long time since they’d been together, but as close as they were physically, they’d never been so far apart in every other way.
Jonathan Stroud, The Screaming Staircase|I wonder now how we got by when you weren't here.""I have no doubt the devastation was widespread, the suffering universal.""Indeed, it was the Dark Ages in the annals of Mrs. Dawlish's house. Ignorance was thick on the ground, and unenlkghtenment befogged all the windows.
Jason E. Hodges|...with a click, my novel would be born; it would come out into the light suddenly transformed from the hypothetical text composed in my imagination into finished, tangible thing with a real and independent existence. The moment of clicking on the print button always gave rise to strange and powerful ambivalence--a combination of self-satisfaction, gloom and anxiety. Self-satisfaction for having finished writing the book. Gloom because taking my leave of the characters has the same effect on me as when a group of friends have to depart. And anxiety, perhaps because I am on the verge of delivering up into other people's hands something that I treasure.
Nadège Richards|For something to be great, there has to be some kind of trial or some type of struggle that actually makes it special or valuable to you. Otherwise, anything could be easily taken for granted.
Vincent    Edwards|I have seen a lot of beautiful things in my time. I have seen the sun rise and set. I have seen the moon upon the waters reflecting it’s love. I have seen roses that’s beauty sat upon heaven’s doors. I have seen some of the most beautiful things in my life, and none of them can compare to the thought of you.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|He lifted his eyes. They were the color of the deepest heart of hurricane clouds, deeper blue than the sky behind him.
Ronald Reagan|If I get into a car on a circuit, I drive as fast as I can; that's it!
Suzette R. Hinton|By its definition, sound is interactive. It is you connecting with the frequency of something greater or richer through hearing. Likewise, when your sound goes out, you can no longer hear the sound of your voice. And if you cannot hear your voice, you don’t know who you are.
Elizabeth E. Castillo|If you have to ask yourself if it's love, it's not.
Dennis Merritt Jones, The Art of Being: 101 Ways to Practice Purpose in Your Life|In the history of history, there has never been someone with your particular genetic make-up or life experiences. This being the case, we have no reference points with which to compare ourselves, and therefore it is futile to attempt to measure yourself relative to others.
Jessie Burton, The Muse|A Depressive?' 'Smiles in ballrooms, weeps in bedrooms. Ill in her head.' Olive tapped her temple. 'And here.' She touched her heart.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|If all else perished, and he remained, I should still continue to be; and if all else remained, and he were annihilated, the universe would turn to a mighty stranger.
Isabelle Eberhardt, The Oblivion Seekers|But the vagrant owns the whole vast earth that ends only at the nonexistent horizon, and his empire is an intangible one, for his domination and enjoyment of it are things of the spirit.
Beth Moore, To Live Is Christ|He was the perfect soldier: he went where you sent him, and stayed where you put him, and had no idea of his own to keep him from doing exactly what you told him.
Diane Arbus|For me, the subject of the picture is always more important than the picture.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Knowledge is life. The more informed you are, the better you are in making the best decision.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|The practice of sympathetic joy is rooted in inner development. It’s not a matter of learning techniques to “make friends and influence people.” Instead, we build the foundations of our own happiness. When our own cup is full, we more easily share it with others.
T.L. Rese|And so Discovery drove on toward Saturn, as often as not pulsating with the cool music of the harpsichord, the frozen thoughts of a brain that had been dust for twice a hundred years.
Inez Kelley|Dear Aspiring Writer, you are not ready. Stop. Put that finished story away and start another one. In a month, go back and look at the first story. RE-EDIT it. Then send it to a person you respect in the field who will be hard on you. Pray for many many many red marks. Fix them. Then put it away for two weeks. Work on something else. Finally, edit one last time. Now you are ready to sub your first work.Criticism is hard to take at first. Trust me, I've been there. But learn to think of crit marks as a knife. Each one is designed to cut away the bad and leave a scar. Scars prove you've lived, learned and walked away a winner. Any writer who tells you they don't need edits is lying. I don't care if they have 100 books out. Edits make you grow and if you aren't growing as a writer, you are dead.
Anaïs Nin, A Literate Passion: Letters of Anaïs Nin  Henry Miller, 1932-1953|Before, as soon as I came home from all sorts of places I would sit down and write in my journal. Now I want to write you, talk with you... I love when you say all that happens is good, it is good. I say all that happens is wonderful. For me it is all symphonic, and I am so aroused by living - god, Henry, in you alone I have found the same swelling of enthusiasm, the same quick rising of the blood, the fullness... Before, I almost used to think there was something wrong. Everybody else seemed to have the brakes on... I never feel the brakes. I overflow. And when I feel your excitement about life flaring, next to mine, then it makes me dizzy.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Just as there are none good but God, and nothing good but goodness, so there are no loves but love its self, the very love; and that what I call the other unnatural loves, are not loves at all in their own right but become so only so far as they participate in the very love.
Debra Trueman, Back on Solid Ground|Don't ever cancel my call again! I told you I would talk to you, you should have waited..."Shit. Shit. Shit."Mr. Edge, it is 5pm, I assumed my working day was done and I cancelled the phone call by accident, this phone is new, still working it out" I made it up as I went along and was surprised by my ability to lie on my feet."Melissa, don't play stupid. Get your arse back here or I will hunt it down and drag it back" He ordered and made me hold my breath
Adlai E. Stevenson II|Of all the questions which can come before this nation, short of the actual preservation of its existence in a great war, there is none which compares in importance with the great central task of leaving this land even a better land for our descendants than it is for us.
Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World|If everyone could spend some time self analysing, spend some quiet time with nothing to do and nowhere to go, then without a doubt the world would be an infinitely better place to live and play. It would probably be the cause of the end of bullying, teen suicide, anxiety, depression, stress, and fear and the start of a more genuine and authentic world. I have found that my tranquillity and peacefulness grew significantly stronger as I began to live comfortably with my desires and cravings.
Fran Lebowitz|Among the many values in life, I appreciate freedom most.
Daniel Wallace|Lasting peace is only found through a lifesaving relationship wit Jesus Christ... knowing Christ means that all the world might be falling apart just outside your front door, maybe just inside it - yet that inner peace, that inner knowing, remains unshaken.
Anna Staniszewski, The Prank List|Pale, with dark hair, the one who is coming is melancholy, romantic. And I am arch and fluent and capricious; for he is melancholy, he is romantic. He is here.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Just as the bird needs wings to fly, a leader needs useful information to flow. Leaders learn.
Katie McGarry, Crash into You|She broke my heart. My mother broke my heart. If I love Rachel she’ll have more power than both of them combined because this overwhelming pulse in my body...this overwhelming need to protect her and hold her close...I nuzzle into her hair and close my eyes, inhaling the sweet scent of jasmine. I should let her go, let her go, just let her go. Walk away now. Hang on to what’s left of my s
Gudjon Bergmann, Empowerment Basics|For the first time ever, I was alone in a different country. I was nervous about how I was going to cope in this big bustling city and so I employed a technique which still serves me well today. I imagined myself as someone who relished new exciting opportunities, who was utterly unafraid and perpetually optimistic. It was a kind of reinvention. Everyone I met was new. These people didn't know me, there was no shared history, so I could be anything or anyone I wanted to be. My theory was that if I behaved like a confident, cheerful person, eventually I would buy it myself, and become that. I always had traces of strength somewhere inside me, it wasn't fake. It was just a way of summoning my courage to the fore and not letting any creeping self-doubt hinder my adventures. This method worked then, and it works now.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Jean-Jacques Rousseau defined civilization as when people build fences. A very perceptive observation. And it’s true—all civilization is the product of a fenced-in lack of freedom. The Australian Aborigines are the exception, though. They managed to maintain a fenceless civilization until the seventeenth century. They’re dyed-in-the-wool free. They go where they want, when they want, doing what they want. Their lives are a literal journey. Walkabout is a perfect metaphor for their lives. When the English came and built fences to pen in their cattle, the Aborigines couldn’t fathom it. And, ignorant to the end of the principle at work, they were classified as dangerous and antisocial and were driven away, to the outback. So I want you to be careful. The people who build high, strong fences are the ones who survive the best. You deny that reality only at the risk of being driven into the wilderness yourself.
Edward L. Glaeser, Triumph of the City: How Our Greatest Invention Makes Us Richer, Smarter, Greener, Healthier and Happier|Those who are not angry at the things they should be angry at are thought to be fools, and so are those who are not angry in the right way, at the right time, or with the right persons.
E.E.D. Horton, Conversations With A Pigeon|You may kill for yourselves, and your mates,and your cubs as they need, and you can;But kill not for pleasure of killing, andSEVEN TIMES NEVER KILL MAN.
Joshua Rosenthal, Integrative Nutrition: Feed Your Hunger for Health and Happiness|The concept of disease is fast replacing the concept of responsibility. With increasing zeal Americans use and interpret the assertion "I am sick" as equivalent to the assertion "I am not responsible": Smokers say they are not responsible for smoking, drinkers that they are not responsible for drinking, gamblers that they are not responsible for gambling, and mothers who murder their infants that they are not responsible for killing. To prove their point — and to capitalize on their self-destructive and destructive behavior — smokers, drinkers, gamblers, and insanity acquitees are suing tobacco companies, liquor companies, gambling casinos, and physicians.
Umberto Eco, How to Travel with a Salmon and Other Essays|To make them forget how bad human beings are, they were taught too insistently that bears are good. Instead of being told honestly what humans are and what bears are.
Mary Balogh, A Secret Affair|Why did people assume that the beautiful among them needed nothing but their beauty to bring them happiness? That behind the beauty there was nothing but an empty shell, insensitive shell?
Hilary Reyl, Lessons in French|You and I can handle certain pressures. We don't feel the need to exaggerate or indulge in, quote, unquote, stress. We're survivors. We have perspective. Remember that.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|The more we practice nonviolence in our words, thoughts and actions the more peaceful will be our inner state.
William Wordsworth|When I die, I want people to play my music, go wild and freak out and do anything they want to do.
Richard Brookhiser, Founders' Son: A Life of Abraham Lincoln|To use the past, he had to save it from aspects of itself.
Christine de Pizan, Ditié de Jehanne d'Arc|[W]hen someone finds himself quite unjustly attacked and hated on all sides, there is no need for such a person to feel dismayed by misfortune. See how Fortune, who has harmed many a one, is so inconstant, for God, Who opposes all wrong deeds, raises up those in whom hope dwells.
Bill Lawrence|How can God allow this to happen? How can our predecessors allow this to happen? How can YOU allow this to happen? We could all blame everyone else for the problems of the past that brought us the present, but that doesn't do us any good. The past has already been written, and there's nothing you can do about it. The only thing you can do is concentrate on making it a better place today. Be the present example by following your heart and not worrying what others are doing.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|You may fetter my leg, but Zeus himself cannot get the better of my free will.
Sophie Kinsella, Remember Me?|I'm Cinderella. No, I'm better than Cinderella, because she only got the prince, didn't she? I'm Cinderella with fab teeth and a shit-hot job.
Elon Musk|A failure is not always a mistake, it may simply be the best one can do under the circumstances. The real mistake is to stop trying.
Evan Thompson, Mind in Life: Biology, Phenomenology, and the Sciences of Mind|The cultural past is rigidly deterministic to the extent that the individual is unaware of it. An analogy, of course, is found in any psychoanalytic treatment: the patient is rigidly determined by past experiences and previously developed patterns to the extent that he is unaware of these experiences and patterns.
Flannery O'Connor, Wise Blood|Hazel Motes sat at a forward angel on the green plush train seat, looking one minute at the window as if he might want to jump out of it, and the next down the aisle at the other end of the car.
Samad Behrangi, The Little Black Fish|I might face death any minute now! But I should try not to put myself in harms' way as long as I can live. Of course it is not important if I die, because this is going to happen anyway. I know my purpose, my purpose is: How will my life or death impact the lives of others?
George Vecsey|The best solutions are often simple, yet unexpected.
Ira Glass|When government programs aren't working, those on the Left tend to support more funding, while those on the Right want to scrap them altogether. It is better to ask whether the problem is complexity and poor design. We can solve those problems - sometimes without spending a penny.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|The goal of any spiritual person is to strive towards attaining self-realization by living spontaneously in the present moment of physical reality, free from anxiety and distress, unencumbered by frivolous affections, and liberated from specious attachments.
Joseph Campbell|There is nothing wrong with America that faith, love of freedom, intelligence, and energy of her citizens cannot cure.
Kelly Easton, The Life History of a Star|The humiliation of growing up a Jew in the Soviet Union, of cleaning piss-stained bathrooms in the States, of worshiping a country that would collapse as simply and inelegantly as the one he had abandoned.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|When we say ‘Yes’ to something we are always saying‘No’ to something else. So in that way, we never ‘don’t do’ anything. We are just doing something else.
Osho, Awareness: The Key to Living in Balance|Mind is basically the beginning of madness. And if you are too much in it, it will drive you mad.Mind has no certainity about anything. If you are betweeen two polarities of the mind,in a limbo--always to do or not to do,you will go crazy. You are crazy! Before it happens,jump out and have a look from outside at the mind.Mind is basically indecisive and awareness is basically decisive.So any act of awareness is total,full without repentance.
Isiphile Petse|Education is a system designed to make you feel inferior, yet they encourage you to accept it in order to be superior
Samuel Johnson|Life is not long, and too much of it must not pass in idle deliberation how it shall be spent. 
Algernon Charles Swinburne|I'm a little skeptical about using the Constitution this way, but I also believe marriage is between a man and a woman and that the courts shouldn't legislate this matter.
Debasish Mridha|I don’t believe in miracles, but my life is an amazing example of a miracle.
Alan W. Watts, Does It Matter?|For our radically misnamed “materialistic” civilization must above all cultivate the love of material, of earth, air, and water, of mountains and forests, of excellent food and imaginative housing and clothing, and of cherishing our artfully erotic contacts between human bodies. Certainly, all these so–called “things” are as impermanent as ripples in water, but what life, what love, what energy is there in a perfectly pure abstraction or a totally solid and eternally indestructible rock?
Heather Dugan, Pickup In Aisle Twelve|He carried her over the Owl Creek mountain range without stopping,” he said, quietly this time. “He carried her until he reached one of the hot springs around what became Chapin, and then he walked into the water with her and held her there for three days. He had about given up when she opened her eyes and whispered his name.
Graham Austin-King, Fae - The Realm of Twilight|Can I help you?" he said, in a manner which indicated very clearly that not only did he not wish to help them, but also that he resented the implication that he ought to
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you don't truly believe in Jesus Christ, fear will be your worst enemy at the End of the Age. The gift of the Holy Spirit is the gift of no fear. John 14:1-4.
Clive Barker, Days of Magic, Nights of War|A sweet slip of a girl like you, why should you have to know anything about the sorrow of the world? You just believe me when I tell you... there's no way to live your life to the full and not have a reason to shed a tear now and again. It's not a bad feeling, child. That's what a lament does. It makes you feel happy to be sad, in a strange way. D'you see?
Giacomo Casanova, History of My Life, Volumes III & IV|...life makes ugly faces at us sometimes, I know.
Olusegun Obasanjo|We've sued out-of-state power plants that are polluting our air and led a coalition of attorneys general from Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, and Massachusetts against efforts in the U.S. House of Representatives to remove critical environmental regulations that protect New York communities from toxic pollution.
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|Wittgenstein once wrote that when the eye sees something beautiful, the hand wants to draw it. I wish I could draw you.
Elisabeth Elliot|Restlessness and impatience change nothing except our peace and joy. Peace does not dwell in outward things, but in the heart prepared to wait trustfully and quietly on Him who has all things safely in His hands.
Megan Abbott, Dare Me|The more I did it―the more it owned me. It made things matter. It put a spine into my spineless life and that spine spread, into backbone, ribs, collarbone, neck held high.It was something. Don't say it wasn't.
Paullina Simons, The Bronze Horseman|I love you breathlessly, my amazing man.
Lynsay Sands, Vampire, Interrupted|Okay," Christian said with a great show at maintaining his patience. "So you can't dance. But you could at least talk to the woman."Julius frowned and avoided his gaze. "I am talking.""You aren't," Christian insisted. "You haven't said more than a handful of words."Scowling, he admitted, "I'm practicing in my head."Christian blinked at this. "Practicing?""Well, you don't just blurt out the first thing that comes to mind," Julius said with exasperation. "I have to approach this carefully, so I'm practicing.""In your head?" Christian clarified."Yes." Julius nodded. "In my head.""Right....Good, good," he nodded, and then said "but you know what would be even better?"Julius raised his eyebrows with interest. "What?""Talking to her OUT LOUD!" Christian snapped. "Jesus Christ, Father, you're as old as the earth. You run a huge corporation, dealing with people-even women-day in day out. Surely you can string a couple of words together and manage a little conversation with the woman?
J.M. Stewart, Her Soldier's Touch|With a gentle touch, she brushed the hair off his forehead. "I was sort of hoping you'd be a little more relaxed today."He took her hand and kissed it."I'm very relaxed.""Finally?" She raised her eyebrows and snuggled closer."You feel a little stiff."And getting stiffer by the second. He had zero control around this woman. "We should probably do something about that.
Edward Said, Reflections on Exile and Other Essays|In freedom you form in utter disgrace,the bars of my prison this night.While you drift on currents of seraphim heights,it is I who deserve to take flight.
Ban Ki-moon|Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong.
Narissa Doumani, A Spacious Life: Memoir of a Meditator|We are all exist in an interconnected matrix of life, so the state of your mind and heart affects the whole.
Kathy Love, Wanting What You Get|Listen, I know everything you're saying is true. Ellie does need a good man. She needs someone steady. Someone who can offer her a life full of love and security.Unfortunately, she wants me.- Mason
Carolina De Robertis, Radical Hope: Letters of Love and Dissent in Dangerous Times|Colonial power, patriarchal power, capitalist power must always and everywhere be battled, because they never, ever quit. (Junot Diaz)
Nancy Mitford, The Blessing|A pair of young mothers now became the centre of interest. They had risen from their lying-in much sooner than the doctors would otherwise have allowed. (French doctors are always very good about recognizing the importance of social events, and certainly in this case had the patients been forbidden the ball the might easily have fretted themselves to death.) One came as the Duchesse de Berri with l’Enfant du Miracle, and the other as Madame de Montespan and the Duc du Maine. The two husbands, the ghost of the Duc de Berri, a dagger sticking out of his evening dress, and Louis XIV, were rather embarrassed really by the horrible screams of their so very young heirs, and hurried to the bar together. The noise was indeed terrific, and Albertine said crossly that had she been consulted she would, in this case, have permitted and even encouraged the substitution of dolls. The infants were then dumped down to cry themselves to sleep among the coats on her bed, whence they were presently collected by their mothers’ monthly nannies. Nobody thereafter could feel quite sure that the noble families of Bregendir and Belestat were not hopelessly and for ever interchanged. As their initials and coronets were, unfortunately, the same, and their baby linen came from the same shop, it was impossible to identify the children for certain. The mothers were sent for, but the pleasures of society rediscovered having greatly befogged their maternal instincts, they were obliged to admit they had no idea which was which. With a tremendous amount of guilty giggling they spun a coin for the prettier of the two babies and left it at that.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt, The Tiny Book of Tiny Stories, Vol. 1|If there is passion, let me feel its heat.I want my heart to beat fast,my breath raspy, my skin to burn.
Anna Quindlen|Every story has already been told. Once you've read Anna Karenina, Bleak House, The Sound and the Fury, To Kill a Mockingbird and A Wrinkle in Time, you understand that there is really no reason to ever write another novel. Except that each writer brings to the table, if she will let herself, something that no one else in the history of time has ever
Elizabeth Bishop, The Complete Poems 1927-1979|The color of the flower has faded, while I lost myself in idle thought in this long rain / 花の色は うつりにけりな いたづらに わが身世にふる ながめせし間に
David A. Karp, Voices from the Inside: Readings on the Experience of Mental Illness|All of us must do our best to live gracefully in the present moment. I now see depression as akin to being tied to a chair with restraints on my wrists. It took me a long time to realize that I only magnify my distress by struggling for freedom. My pain diminished when I gave up trying to escape completely from it. However, don't interpret my current approach to depression as utterly fatalistic. I do whatever I can to dull depression's pain, while premising my life on its continuing presence. The theologian and philosopher Thomas Moore puts it well with his distinction between cure and care. While cure implies the eradication of trouble, care "appreciates the mystery of human suffering and does not offer the illusion of a problem-free life.
Chris Rhyss Edwards, Good Reasons to Kill: an Anthology of Morality, Murder & Madness|On average, around 500,000 people die on the planet every year as a result of intentional violence and homicide. These acts span domestic violence, war, terrorism, infanticide, gang violence, honor killings and state executions. Many of these deaths pass relatively unnoticed while some attract attention.
Deepak Chopra, The Way of the Wizard: Twenty Spiritual Lessons for Creating the Life You Want|Wizards? Do you mean they do things a different way?""No, just the way we do,"Merlin replied.With a flick of his finger he lit the soggy heap of kindling that Arthur had gathered (...) A blaze leapt up on the instant. Merlin then opened his hands and produced some food out of thin air.
Heather O'Neill, The Girl Who Was Saturday Night|Oh, we had a lot of sex back then in Montreal; it wasn’t just me. Blame it on the cold. The roses in everyone’s cheeks made them seem way more appealing than they actually were. We confused the indoors with intimacy and electric heating with connection.
Eleanor Brown, The Weird Sisters|She never managed to find herself in these books no matter how hard she tried, exhuming traits from between the pages and donning them for an hour, a day, a week. We think in some ways, we have all done this our whole lives, searching for the book that will give us the keys to ourselves, let us into a wholly formed personality as though it were a furnished room to let. As though we could walk in and look around and say to the gray-haired landlady behind us, "We'll take it.
John Mellencamp|Men are fair, and they have learned not to personalize anger - they can disagree with you and argue to the bone, but afterward they still consider you a nice person with whom the underlying human relationship need not be altered.
E. M. Cioran|If each of us were to confess his most secret desire  the one that inspires all his plans  all his actions  he would say: "I want to be praised."
Aberjhani, Splendid Literarium: A Treasury of Stories, Aphorisms, Poems, and Essays|Humanity is not without answers or solutions regarding how to liberate itself from scenarios that invariably end with mass exterminations. Tools such as compassion, trust, empathy, love, and ethical discernment are already in our possession. The next sensible step would be to use them.
Tom Ellis|It's amazing how these little guys can say things that a mortal human could never get away with. There's some sort of unspoken license... when outlandish things come out of an inanimate object, somehow it equals humor.
Santosh Kalwar|It's not where you are from (basically it's not based upon tradition) that determines who you are. But, it's really based upon your personality on how people will view and treat you.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Whether it is big or small, the size of a poor man’s yard incessantly reminds him that he is poor.
Gideon Raff|If your parent is deployed and you are that young, you spend the whole time wondering where they are and waiting for them to come home. As time passes and the absence is longer and longer, you become more and more concerned - but you don't really have the words to express your concern. There's only this continued absence.
James Hillman|From the ruins, lonely and inexplicable as the sphinx, rose the Empire State Building. And just as it had been tradition of mine to climb to the Plaza roof to take leave of the beautiful city extending as far as the eyes could see, so now I went to the roof of that last and most magnificent of towers.Then I understood. Everything was explained. I had discovered the crowning error of the city. Its Pandora's box.Full of vaunting pride, the New Yorker had climbed here, and seen with dismay what he had never suspected. That the city was not the endless sucession of canyons that he had supposed, but that it had limits, fading out into the country on all sides into an expanse of green and blue. That alone was limitless. And with the awful realization that New York was a city after all and not a universe, the whole shining ediface that he had reared in his mind came crashing down.That was the gift of Alfred Smith to the citizens of New York.
Kevin Focke|When you aim for the stars even if you fail you’ll be a falling star, and that’s wish-fulfilling material.
Michael Chrobak, Foundations of Faith|I still don’t know where the river begins, or where it ends. I don’t know where it comes from, or where it goes. I don’t know what it looked like yesterday, or what it will look like tomorrow,”Father Dominic put forth.“How the heck am I supposed to see all that from here?” Thomas pleaded.Father Dominic smiled, his body shaking slightly as he silently laughed.“Exactly, Thomas. Exactly. Now, think of your life as this river. If I were to ask you to describe it to me, how much of your life would you be able to share?”This was a question Thomas had never thought about before. Considering his life like this felt strange, uncomfortable.“I guess I’d share just about as much. I’d only talk about the part I can see right now. I guess I’d only tell you about what I know,” Thomas offered.
Injap Sia, Life Principles|Don't be afraid if your idea is crazy, because good things come from crazy ideas. (p. 96)
Neel Burton, Heaven and Hell: The Psychology of the Emotions|True humility derives from a proper perspective of our human condition: one among billions on a small planet among billions, like a fungus on a tiny fragment of cheese. Of course, it is nearly impossible for human beings to remain this objective for very long, but truly humble people are nonetheless far more conscious of the insignificance of their true relations, an insignificance that verges on non-existence. A speck of dust does not think itself more superior or inferior than another, nor does it concern itself for what other specks of dust might or might not think. Enthralled by the miracle of existence, the truly humble person lives not for herself or her image, but for life itself, in a condition of pure peace and pleasure.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Rather than staying stuck in stress, unhappiness, or grief, use your experience to find gifts in the pain and grow.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|Every man wants to be appreciated, so do not just commend your secretary, commend your wife at home tooThe world judges people by money and status in the society, educational achievements, even racial background, this is unfortunate.
Annette Curtis Klause, The Silver Kiss|A kiss, when all is told, what is it? An oath taken a little closer, a promise more exact. A wish that longs to be confirmed, a rosy circle drawn around the verb 'to love'. A kiss is a secret which takes the lips for the ear, a moment of infinity humming like a bee, a communion tasting of flowers, a way of breathing in a little of the heart and tasting a little of the soul with the edge of the lips!
Marthe Jocelyn, Folly|He had a real mother, and a stepfather named Bart who Martin called Fart but only with his brothers and James
Kiera Cass, Happily Ever After|Every day you say something or do something that challenges me, changes me.
A.G. Howard, Unhinged|Shh." I squeeze his hand. His palm feels clammy. "We have to keep it down, okay? We don't want my dad coming in."He grits his teeth against more shivers. "Always knew I'd end up in your bed . . . and hear you say those words one day." He manages a smirk.Jeb snarls. "Unbelievable. Even when he's at death's door he's a tool." He arranges a pillow beneath Morpheus's neck. "Why don't you keep your mouth shut while we help you."Morpheus laughs weakly, his skin flashing with blue light. "What say Alyssa"--his breath rattles--"give my mouth something else to do?
Fakeer Ishavardas|Don’t worry, eventually everything falls into its rightful place.
Lisa  Jacobson., The Sunlit Zone|She loves dogs. And in time, who knows, maybe she would even have ended up loving the type of dogs who eat other small dogs for lunch.-- Leslie McNeill
Nancy Eileen Muleady-Mecham, Park Ranger Sequel: More True Stories From a Ranger's Career in America's National Parks|People have been driving off of the canyon for decades. I don't know of any that were accidental. One Ranger who worked here before I did told me that on several occasions, when cars drove off and folks died, they went down and collected the remains. But there were no helicopters strong enough and affordable enough to haul the cars out. He told me Rangers went down later and sprayed the cars with paint to help them blend in with the rocks.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|There is a simple path to follow, that appears only when you calm your mind.
Wendell Berry|The purpose of both, awareness and consciousness, is to lead us towards this path of Oneness.
Shahzaib Ansari|A mute mentor & blind noviceI grabbed your hand; made me wise..."-Shahzaib
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|In the game of life, we all receive a set of variables and limitations in the field of play. We can either focus on the lack thereof or empower ourselves to create better realities with the pieces we play the game with.
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|BewareAt war Or at peace,More people die Of unenlightened self-interestThan of any other disease
C.L. Wilson|She moves me not, or not removes at least affection's edge in me.
Jim Goldberg|I always want to be the best at what I do. That doesn't mean compared to other people, but just in what you do.
José Antonio Cotrina, La sombra de la luna|(...) La felicidad es tener un corazón capaz de amar. Es saber que has sido importante para alguien... Que de algún modo, en algún momento, has marcado la diferencia. Y la muerte no es nada en comparación con esos momentos.
May Sarton, The Fur Person|The Fur Person learned then and there that it is better to be a philosopher than to be a king and that, all things considered, wisdom was to be preferred to power.
Brandon Sanderson, The Alloy of Law|Religions, themselves, are (intellectual) blasphemies.
|If you want to know what a person is truly made of, don't rush to define them until you meet them and see the principles they live by.
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|I see what I did not see. I experience that which is outside my own experience. This is the magic of reading novels. This is the working out of the problem of illusion. I take a book off the shelf. I open it up and begin to read, and what I discover in its pages is real.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|If we admit that human life can be ruled by reason, then all possibility of life is destroyed.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I am conscious of the fact that the subject of hell is not a very pleasant one. It is very unpopular, controversial, and misunderstood . . .As a minister I must deal with it. I cannot ignore it.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Emily: Oh, Mama, look at me one minute as though you really saw me. Mama, fourteen years have gone by. I'm dead. You're a grandmother, Mama! Wally's dead, too. His appendix burst on a camping trip to North Conway. We felt just terrible about it - don't you remember? But, just for a moment now we're all together. Mama, just for a moment we're happy. Let's really look at one another!...I can't. I can't go on.It goes so fast. We don't have time to look at one another. I didn't realize. So all that was going on and we never noticed. Take me back -- up the hill -- to my grave. But first: Wait! One more look. Good-bye , Good-bye world. Good-bye, Grover's Corners....Mama and Papa. Good-bye to clocks ticking....and Mama's sunflowers. And food and coffee. And new ironed dresses and hot baths....and sleeping and waking up. Oh, earth,you are too wonderful for anybody to realize you. Do any human beings ever realize life while they live it--every,every minute?Stage Manager: No. (pause) The saints and poets, maybe they do some.Emily: I'm ready to go back.
Brandon Scott|Oh, here we go, firing questions right and left. I sort of missed that part. [Mina's most endearing trait?]
Hannah Brencher, If You Find This Letter: My Journey to Find Purpose Through Hundreds of Letters to Strangers|Fear and failure, they go hand in hand. They’re like dance partners with great rhythm.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|One of the gravestones in the cemetery near the earliest church has an anchor on it and an hourglass, and the words In Hope.In Hope. Why did they put that above a dead person? Was it the corpse hoping, or those still alive?
Raymond E. Feist, Prince of the Blood|But should you ever come to a time when you need to say something upon my behalf, say this, 'The last truth is that there is no magic.
Maxim Gorky|Five or six hundred heads cut off would have assured your repose, freedom and happiness.
Balroop Singh|Love makes things so easy. At the same time, it makes things very difficult. The meaning of love always remains to be the same. It just gets changed according to the perception of people in different gestures.
Vinnie Fisher|You are valuable, even in your imperfection.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Melancholy of Mechagirl|Memory is like that. It alters itself so that girlsare always trapped under the earth, waiting in the dark.
Longinus, On Great Writing|What then did those immortals see, the writers who aimed at all which is greatest and scorned the accuracy which lies in every detail? They saw many other things and they also saw this, that Nature determined man to be no low or ignoble animal; but introducing us into life and this entire universe as into some vast assemblage, to be spectators, in a sort, of her entirety, and most ardent competitors, did then implant in our souls an invincible and eternal love of that which is great and, by our own standard, more devine. Therefore it is, that for the speculation and thought which are within the scope of human endeavour not all the universe together is sufficient, our conceptions often pass beyond the bounds which limit it; and if a man were to look upon life all around, and see how in all things the extraordinary, the great, the beautiful stand supreme, he will at once know for what ends we have been born.
Jillian Cantor, Margot|And that is one of the worst things about this life. As a liar, a pretend person, you cannot really truly ever be someone's friend. My American life, it is lonely. Often, it is very, very lonely.
Joshua Harris|I grew up between the two world wars and received a rather solid general education, the kind middle class children enjoyed in a country whose educational system had its roots dating back to the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy.
James W. Bodden, The Red Light Princess|Men started praying to you, begging for a taste. That legend of yours spiraled out of control. You gave the people hope. They were told you were all they ever needed.
Michael Keaton|Every single art form is involved in film, in a way.
Toni Aleo, Overtime|I have salt and sugar at home, but I'm paying eighty bucks to have ya'll rub it on my feet. If I want to yell at my sister-in-law about that fact that I just found out I am pregnant, and how my boyfriend, the recovering alcoholic, is still fragile and I don't know if he'll make it, whether I'm going to miscarry like I did before, and a whole other list of shit, like, hell, I don't know, what I'm going to be when I grow up, then I will! And maybe, just maybe, for the eighty bucks you're charging me, I can yell a bit."The woman only blinked as Lacey snickered beside her. "Keep it down and congratulations.""Thanks, and I'll try," Kacey said as the woman walked away. She then turned to Lacey, who was fully laughing at this point. "Really> This is not funny.""Oh, I'm cracking up because if you're already this emotional and bitchy, God help us all once you reach the third Trimester.
Amit Ray|Compassion is like mother giving love to her children. Mother’s ways are higher than others, even when everyone rejects, mother accepts with her arms open and wide.
Steve Martin, An Object of Beauty|You want to know how I think art should be taught to children? Take them to a museum and say, 'This is art, and you can't do it.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Whatever your life's work is, do it well. A man should do his job so well that the living, the dead, and the unborn could do it no better.
Andrew Gross, Everything to Lose|All of life, Orhan realizes, is a story within a story; how we choose to listen and which words we choose to speak makes all the difference.
Walter Ralston Martin, The Kingdom of the Cults|Or he was simply pretending—like many drinkers, he liked to think each new day drew a line under the day before.
Beth Ramsay, #Networking is people looking for people looking for people|A few of the managers we spoke with for this book worried that the tour of duty framework might give employees "permission" to leave. But permission is not yours to give or to withhold, and believing you have that power is simply a self-deception that leads to a dishonest relationship with your employees. Employees don't need your permission to switch companies, and if you try to assert that right, they'll simply make their move behind your back.
Karen Robards|I grew up with three little brothers. Every Christmas, we'd have piles of toy trucks and Lincoln Logs and G.I. Joes under the tree. Those were for them. For me? My No. 1 favorite present of all time: books. Two or three tall stacks of wonderful stories that I could lose myself in for weeks.
|As long as you are still breathing, you definitely haven't reached your highest potential on earth. Always challenge yourself to do better.
Margaret Atwood, Surfacing|The sage does not become trapped in semantics, does not mistake map for territory, but rather "opens things up to the light of Heaven" by flowing with the words, by playing with the words. Once attuned to this flow, the sage need make no special effort to "illumine," for language does it by itself, spontaneously. Language spills over.
jaha Knight, Soulphisticated Ladies: Episode 1|When you ‘lie’ to me, you don’t ‘lie down’ or lay.Even after the game you still want to play.
Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton|I had three chairs in my house; one for solitude, two for friendship, three for society.
Maurice Sendak|Most actions derive not from your own initiative but from your family circumstances, your education, your calling, and so on. You must therefore give up a little time to performing actions which derive from yourself alone. They need not be important; quite insignificant actions fulfill the same purpose.
Frank O'Hara, Lunch Poems|Foul words is but foul wind, and foul wind is but foul breath, and foul breath is noisome; therefore I will depart unkissed.
Nicholas Sparks, Message in a Bottle|That initial anger she had felt turned to sadness, and now it had become something else, almost a dullness of sorts. Even though she was constantly in motion, it seemed as if nothing special ever happened to her anymore. Each day seemed exactly like the last, and she had trouble differentiating among them.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|Bongo and Shug seen what was going on and decided to smash holes all over the roof of the hall, just for something to do. Bongo was first on to the roof, where, unknown to him he was being filmed from a cell in the hall straight across from him, but Bongo didn’t give a fuck as he never even wore a mask to try and protect his face, he was in his element, so was Shug. And to their credit, they didn’t half wreck the roof of the hall.
Rosetta Bloom, Romance: Trysts No. 2 Nikki & Mike|What exactly are you doing?” I asked when he did another lap around my little living room.Connor stopped, glanced my way, and shook his head. “I’m thinking about how long it would take me to say goodnight to you if we were really dating.” Yeah. Eye roll.“Okay, got it.” I shoved him toward the door. “Out you go.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|When you see recurring problems, the methods you’ve used successfully in the past have to be reevaluated.
