Cristina García, Dreaming in Cuban|Santería was traditionally an unacknowledged and underappreciated aspect of what it meant to be Cuban. Yet the syncretism between the Yoruban religion that the slaves brought to the island and the Catholicism of their masters is, in my opinion, the underpinning of Cuban culture. Every artistic realm--music, theater, literature, etc.--owes a huge debt to santería and the slaves who practiced it and passed it on, largely secretively, for generations.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|A dungeon horrible, on all sides round, As one great furnace flamed; yet from those flames No light; but rather darkness visible Served only to discover sights of woe
Stockwell Day|Once the Supreme Court in 1973 decided that infanticide could be legal, it not only ended America's 'inalienable right to life,' it threw the Golden Rule right off the shores of this continent.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|In fact, the more each person can remove his or her ego from the discussion and focus on the subject matter, the more fruitful the conversation will be for all involved.
Edward de Bono|Either the car is stationary, or it's on the move.
Lacey Sturm|We should teach our kids that they're blessing and not a burden and that they're valuable beyond what they can imagine - in God's eyes, in the world's eyes - that they're purpose is so important to fulfill and it's gonna make a difference in the world. And they're the only ones that can make the difference that they can make, in the way that they can make it. That's why we all have different fingerprints. And I feel like the message is not clear enough. It's not clear because they go to school and they get challenged and they're bombarded with the idea that abortion is okay, that we can just go ahead and, you know, if we're not ready to have a kid we can just take care of that problem. But kids are not a problem, they're not a mistake, they're not a burden. They're blessing from God and that's what we don't understand. My mom was sixteen when she had me and we both almost died, I was a second kid, she had my brother when she was fifteen. And we both almost died and the doctors told her to abort me and I think that a lot of people gave her that advice. So when I grew up I think I had a sense of being a burden. And I think a lot of kids actually have that sense.
George Orwell, 1984|It was a vast, luminous dream in which his whole life seemed to stretch out before him like a landscape on a summer evening after rain
David Macaulay|What I remember most clearly is how it felt. I’d just finished painting a red fire engine-like the one I often walked past near my grandparents’ house. Suddenly the teachers, whose names I've long forgotten, closed in on my desk. They seemed unusually impressed, and my still dripping fire engine was immediately and ceremoniously pinned up. I don’t know what they might have said, but their unexpected attention and having something I’d made given a place of honor on the wall created an overwhelming and totally unfamiliar sense of pride inside me. I loved that feeling, and I wanted to feel it again and again. That desire, I suppose, was the beginning of my career. 	I have no idea where my fire engine painting ended up, but I never forgot the basic layout. Several decades later, it served as the inspiration for this sketch for an illustration in a book called Why the chicken crossed the Road.
Anthony Robbins|Live life fully while you're here. Experience everything. Take care of yourself and your friends. Have fun, be crazy, be weird. Go out and screw up! You're going to anyway, so you might as well enjoy the process. Take the opportunity to learn from your mistakes: find the cause of your problem and eliminate it. Don't try to be perfect; just be an excellent example of being human.
Dave Eggers, What Is the What|But everyone disappears, no matter who loves them.
Michael Scott, The Alchemyst|OK," Josh said evenly, "I've seen men made of mud, I guess I can accept spying rats. Do they talk?" he wondered aloud.Don't be ridiculous," Flamel snapped, "They're rats."Josh really didn't think it was a ridiculous suggestion.
Candis Terry, Sweetest Mistake|The multicolored kitten snuggled between her breasts.Lucky cat."I thought maybe something like....Sweetums.""What? That's a wussy name. She'd totally get her ass kicked by all the other neighborhood cats. You can't call her...that. See I can't even say it. It's too ridiculous."Abby chuckled, and the sound drifted over him like a warm breeze."I suppose you want me to call her Rowdy, or Bullet or Chainsaw," she said."Those aren't bad." He liked it when she teased him. "Maybe you could name her something like Flash, or Blaze, or Storm."Or maybe I could call her pooty pie.""Oh my God." He slapped his forehead. "You're killing me. You'd be better off sticking with Sweetums.""Ha!" She pointed her finger at him. "You said it." Before he could wrap his hand around that finger and pull her against him, he gave the kitten-who purred contentedly between Abby's breasts-a rub between the ears.Lucky damn cat.
W. Somerset Maugham, Catalina: A Romance|She wanted to tell him what happened wasn't really his fault, but she knew that wasn't the way this kind of guilt worked. Intellectually, he already knew that. It was his emotions that were tripping him up. The tangle of love and memory and what might have been.
Nobuhiro Watsuki|I remember as a child of eight being told by a young friend that I had killed Christ. That was news to me. It's a common experience for the Jewish young. Should later generations of Germans be burdened with the guilt arising from the profound inhumanity of their ancestors? Revenge may be sweet, but guilt is non-transferable. Still, hatreds survive with the persistence of cockroaches.
William Golding|Girls say to me, very reasonably, 'why isn't it a bunch of girls? Why did you write this about a bunch of boys?' Well, my reply is I was once a little boy - I have been a brother, a father, I am going to be a grandfather. I have never been a sister, or a mother, or a grandmother. That's one answer. Another answer is of course to say that if you - as it were - scaled down human beings, scaled down society, if you land with a group of little boys, they are more ike a scaled-down version of society than a group of little girls would be. Don't ask me why, and this is a terrible thing to say because I'm going to be chased from hell to breakfast by all the women who talk about equality - this is nothing to do with equality at all. I think women are foolish to pretend they are equal to men, they are far superior and always have been. But one thing you can't do with them is take a bunch of them and boil them down, so to speak, into a set of little girls who would then become a kind of image of civilisation, of society. The other thing is - why aren't they little boys AND little girls? Well, if they'd been little boys and little girls, we being who we are, sex would have raised its lovely head, and I didn't want this to be about sex. Sex is too trivial a thing to get in with a story like this, which was about the problem of evil and the problem of how people are to live together in a society, not just as lovers or man and wife.
M.F. Moonzajer|The Oracle pursued a logical course of confuting theism, and leaving 'a-theism' the negative result. It did not, in the absurd terms of common religious propaganda, 'deny the existence of God.' It affirmed that God was a term for an existence imagined by man in terms of his own personality and irreducible to any tenable definition. It did not even affirm that 'there are no Gods'; it insisted that the onus of proof as to any God lay with the theist, who could give none compatible with his definitions.
Harvey Mackay|I look at my father. He is one of my heroes. He is such an incredible, classy man. He was such a great father and such a great husband in so many ways, and we lived through some pretty tough times losing my mom. When I see all that he did, I think, 'Wow, that's a really wonderful man.'
Laini Taylor, Night of Cake & Puppets|When you do the math and examine how much energy is produced per atomic union, you find that fusing anything to iron’s twenty-six protons costs energy. That means post-ferric fusion* does an energy-hungry star no good. Iron is the final peal of a star’s natural life.
Osho|You exist in time, but you belong to eternity- You are a penetration of eternity into the world of time-You are deathless, living in a body of death- Your consciousness knows no death, no birth- It is only your body that is born and dies-But you are not aware of your consciousness-You are not conscious of your consciousness-And that is the whole art of meditation;Becoming conscious of consciousness itself.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|pause, ponder,consult, think through it well, understand the consequence, know the benefit and take a second look at it again for it takes a little mistake to cause a big had I know with a deep regret
Chris Carter, One by One|If you want to routinely break the law and get away with it, then a police officer would be a great career choice for you.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|When you dream, you activate the possibility of what some call impossible.
Shannon L. Alder|You can't expect someone to understand your journey, when they've hardly lived one of their own.
Émile Zola, L'Argent|At the street corner, a one-storey house built of freestone, but repulsively decrepit and filthy, seemed to command the entrance, like a gaol. And here, indeed, lived La Méchain, like a vigilant proprietess, ever on the watch, exploiting in person her little population of starving tenants.
Roy T. Bennett|Don't let the expectations and opinions of other people affect your decisions. It's your life, not theirs. Do what matters most to you; do what makes you feel alive and happy. Don't let the expectations and ideas of others limit who you are. If you let others tell you who you are, you are living their reality — not yours. There is more to life than pleasing people. There is much more to life than following others' prescribed path. There is so much more to life than what you experience right now. You need to decide who you are for yourself. Become a whole being. Adventure.
Ovadya ben Malka, A Damaged Mirror|Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Whatever you are physically, male or female, strong or weak, ill or healthy – all those things matter less than what your heart contains. If you have the soul of a warrior, you are a warrior. Whatever the color, the shape, the design of the shade that conceals it, the flame inside the lamp remains the same. You are that flame.
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|Throughout the empire, it was whispered that although the husband waded through mud, the wife walked upon water. She, it was said, was graced with a gentle touch which tamed the most vicious of men.
China Miéville, Railsea|Father may have been wanting in some things, but here he was masterful. Night upon night, I marveled at his power to hold listeners in rapt attention. He could tell a story with such detail, such flourish, that afterwards a man could swear it had been his own memory, and not a tale at all.
David Joseph Cribbin, Father Crow and Other Poems|I'm going to be frank, Max...""Of course. All cards on the table." But he gave me a poker smile.
Doutor Luis Alexandre Ribeiro Branco, My Simple Verses|His voice gave out and he made several wavy motions with his hand, indicative of the shape of a woman who would probably be unable to keep her balance.
Alahdal A. Hussein|I'm going to continue keeping an eye on him, Becca said. If he does anything shady, I'll report back. I swear I won't let anything bad happen to you if I can help it.  He nodded as he collected the copper box and began to follow after Barnabas. The feeling is entirely mutual, Becca Hatcher.
Joe Sacco, Journalism|If it’s true that nothing is more potent than an idea, then those who control the media can direct minds en masse.
George W. Bush|Our passionate preoccupation with the sky, the stars, and a God somewhere in outer space is a homing impulse. We are drawn back to where we came from.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|As death, when we come to consider it closely, is the true goal of our existence, I have formed during the last few years such close relationships with this best and truest friend of mankind that death's image is not only no longer terrifying to me, but is indeed very soothing and consoling.
Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World|We grow up in a world where satisfying our cravings seems to be the number one objective, every advertisement on television and the newspaper calls for one craving or another to be dealt with. When it comes to sex we are bombarded every which way, so much so, that we think solving our cravings is the only way and the right way.
Colleen Hoover, Never Never|Are you saying that it hurts to look at me?' 'I'm saying you're the first sunlight I've glimpsed in a long time,' he said.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Until you let go of that bitterness in your heart, it will find a comfortable place to destroy your dreams, your sight and most times, your sleep.
Philip K. Dick, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?|It isn't running away they're afraid of. We wouldn't get far. It's those other escapes, the ones you can open in yourself, given a cutting edge.
Lia Davis, Winter Eve|He hissed and rocked his hips into her. “You like to bite?”“I’m a cat, aren’t I?
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|It’s not a bad thing, if you’re responsible about it. Just don’t start having boyfriends. Wait until you’ve found your husband.” “And how am I supposed to find a husband if I can’t have a boyfriend until then?” I asked ironically.
Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming|Let me tell you, you either have chemistry or you don't, and you better have it, or it's like kissing some relative. But chemistry, listen to me, you got to be careful. Chemistry is like those perfume ads, the ones that look so interesting and mysterious but you dont even know at first what they're even selling. Or those menues without the prices. Mystery and intrigue are gonna cost you. Great looking might mean something ve-ry expensive, and I don't mean money. What I'm saying is, chemistry is a place to start, not an end point.
William Carmichael, The Missionary|Whichever group is in ascension at a given moment is, historically speaking, both unlikely to acknowledge the existence of abuses or bias, and also to justify the bias on any grounds they can - social, biological, what have you.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|I'm not stupid!" In Bean's experience, that was a sentence never uttered except to prove its own inaccuracy.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|You do know you could find yourself charged with being a dominant species while under the influence of impulse-driven consumerism, don't you?
Max Stirner, The Ego and Its Own|Our whole education system is calculated to produce *feelings* in us, impart them to us, instead of leaving their production to ourselves however they may turn out...Thus stuffed with imparted feelings, we appear before the bar of majority and are 'pronounced of age." Our equipment consists of "elevating feelings, lofty thoughts, inspiring maxims,eternal principles.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The First and Last Freedom|the brain does not own any direct copies of stuff in the world. There is no library of forms and ideas against which to compare the images of perception. Information is stored in a plastic way, allowing fantastic juxtapositions and leaps of imagination. Some chaos exists out there, and the brain seems to have more flexibility than classical physics in finding the order in it.
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Flashes of Thought|Integrity, by its definition, means adhering consistently to a strong, reliable code of ethics, whatever that code is.
D.H. Lawrence, The Virgin and the Gipsy|Darling, I'm so unutterably bored as to be a hazard
Amy E. Reichert, The Coincidence of Coconut Cake|And not wretched sausages half full of bread and soya bean either, but real meaty, spicy ones, fat and piping hot and burst and just the tiniest bit burnt.
Terry Pratchett, The Color of Magic|The gods have fled, I know. My sense is the gods have always been essentially absent. I do not believe human beings have played games or sports from the beginning merely to summon or to please or to appease the gods. If anthropologists and historians believe that, it is because they believe whatever they have been able to recover about what humankind told the gods humankind was doing. I believe we have played games, and watched games, to imitate the gods, to become godlike in our worship of eachother and, through those moments of transmutation, to know for an instant what the gods know.
Alan Moore|I just believe in the goodwill of people, the power of people to do something positive.
Thomas L. Friedman|In my world, you don’t get to call yourself “pro-life” and be against common-sense gun control — like banning public access to the kind of semiautomatic assault rifle, designed for warfare, that was used recently in a Colorado theater. You don’t get to call yourself “pro-life” and want to shut down the Environmental Protection Agency, which ensures clean air and clean water, prevents childhood asthma, preserves biodiversity and combats climate change that could disrupt every life on the planet. You don’t get to call yourself “pro-life” and oppose programs like Head Start that provide basic education, health and nutrition for the most disadvantaged children...The term “pro-life” should be a shorthand for respect for the sanctity of life. But I will not let that label apply to people for whom sanctity for life begins at conception and ends at birth. What about the rest of life? Respect for the sanctity of life, if you believe that it begins at conception, cannot end at birth.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Circus of the Damned|He was twenty. I remembered twenty. I'd known everything at twenty. It took me another year to realize I knew nothing. I was still hoping to learn something before I hit thirty, but I wasn't holding my breath.
Amy Poehler, Yes Please|Anxiety isn't an attack that explodes out of me; it's not a volcano that lies dormant until it's triggered by an earth-shattering event. It's a constant companion. Like a blow fly that gets into the house in the middle of summer, flying around and around. You can hear it buzzing, but you can't see it, can't capture it, can't let it out.
Marguerite Gardiner|Remember that it is not enough to abstain from lying by word of mouth; for the worst lies are often conveyed by a false look, smile, or act.
Orson Scott Card, Speaker for the Dead|I knew her so well that I loved her, or maybe I loved her so well that I knew her. I didn't want to fight her anymore. I wanted to quit. I wanted to go home. So I blew up her planet.
joseph ejiro|Yes beyonce, thank you very very much!!!Growing up wasn’t easy for me, even as a boy, then as a black boy, then it was even harder as a black boy who lives in Africa. You might think that white privilege is more prevalent in America but no, it is worse here in Africa were white people are literally worshiped as gods.While growing up as a boy in my teens, i had serious self esteem issues, i didn’t like the color of my skin, i didn’t like my hair, i didn’t like my butt, and i was a boy!!! can you believe it? in 2007 i even tried bleaching my skin, lucky for me i bought a fake bleaching cream, translation, it didn’t work. I dyed my hair blonde several times.But after a while i started to get my self esteem in place, the fact that i had so many white folks as friends at that time didn’t help, truth is most white people living here in Africa claim not to be racist but when you catch that stare, hear that comment, see the way they react, you can smell racism all over them. I can give you a simple example, I had a white friend years ago who was an exec at a big oil company here in Nigeria, I had just graduated and needed a job, I spoke to him about it and y’all wont believe what he suggested, well, he suggested I work as his steward.You see, a lot of Nigerians will jump at it, but i smelt racism all over that offer and i wasn’t gonna be a slave to a white man who still had slave-owner tendencies, he totally undermined my degree and felt i was better off as his “slave”.When Beyonce dropped ‘formation’ i was blown away, never before have i felt more proud to be black!!! and now her ‘lemonade’ album is here and it is everything the black community needs. Beyonce has ‘black’ going mainstream, her lemonade album has white girls wishing they were black, getting tans, dying their hair black, talking gangster etc. black is the new black.I really do appreciate what bey has done for the black race, now black men and women will walk the streets, heads held high in all their blackness and be proud!!! THANKS BEY!!!
A.J. Beirens, Gesels van een imaginaire god|It's time to demand that the faithful keep their personal choices, preferences and beliefs in irrational and sometimes dangerous things strictly private. Everyone is absolutely free to believe what they want, provided they do not harass others (or force, or kill them) .. But nobody has the right to insist on privileges simply because they are supporters of one or other of the world's many religions."From: "Gesels van een imaginaire god"('Scourges of an imaginary god')
Tom Robbins, Wild Ducks Flying Backward|Our great human adventure is the evolution of consciousness. We are in this life to enlarge the soul, liberate the spirit, and light up the brain.
Alice Fulton|It's just me throwing myself at you,romance as usual, us times us,not lust but moxibustion,a substance burning closeto the body as possiblewithout risk of immolation.
Iain H. Murray, The Invitation System|Only by a life of obedience to the voice of the Spirit, by a daily denying of self, by full dedication to Christ, and by constant fellowship with Him are we enabled to live a godly life and an influential life in this present ungodly world.
Atarah L. Poling, Hidden Light|Within my reflection I see tears, for what I see is the truth, are my greatest fears.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I’m a liar and a cheat and a coward, but I will never, ever, let a friend down. Unless of course not letting them down requires honesty, fair play, or bravery.
Karl Lagerfeld|When people want to be liked for what they did, they should stop.
Toni Blake, One Reckless Summer|That’s the really annoying thing about love. I probably would be happier if I didn’t know it, but once you do know it, once you feel those things for someone, you can’t make yourself really wish it away. It’s like wishing away . . . your soul.- Jenny
L.V. Lewis, Fifty Shades of Jungle Fever|I had never seen hair that purely black. It was glossy and slightly long, the ends drifting over his collar. That sexy length was the crowning touch of bad boy hotness over the successful businessman, like whipped cream topping on a hot fudge brownie sundae. As my mother would say, only rogues and raiders had hair like that." (Eva about Gideon)
Steven Magee|You know when 1 in 2 marriages ends in divorce, 1 in 42 boys have Autism, and safety complaints from the majority of whistle-blower's are not being upheld, that you are living in a seriously dysfunctional society.
Felix Clay|I was impressed with Jack [Kerouac]’s commitment to serious writing at the expense of everything else in his life. At a time when the middle class was burgeoning with new homes, two-tone American cars, and black-and-white TVs, when American happiness was defined by upwardly mobile consumerism, Kerouac etched a different existence and he wrote in an original language.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Monkeying around with other apes, a monkey was made - called, HUMAN. God is great!
Steve Karagiannis|Of course our most important role as a parent is to have our children know that they are loved and worthy. Even more importantly, it's to help them discover, and fan the flames of whatever it is that they are enthusiastic about!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In Christ alone there is deliverance from man’s tortured thoughts and freedom from the sordid habits which are destroying so many people. Why does the Bible so clearly denounce drunkenness? Because it is an enemy of human life. Anything that is against a person’s welfare, God is against.
Just B. Jordan, Never To Live|I don't have to stand and walk, I only have to open my eyes.
Tessa Dare, Romancing the Duke|Prithee," He protested, "if thou wouldst waiteth a goddamned second-
Bruce Feiler|I have lived under totalitarian Communism, so I prize freedom as much as anyone and have long fought for freedom of conscience and speech.
Richard Bandler|The greatest personal limitation is to be found not in the things you want to do and can't, but in the things you've never considered doing.
Yudhanjaya Wijeratne, Numbercaste|This is the Number. It is in the things we do, the people we meet, the ID cards that we carry. It's part of our identities, our credit cards, our social interactions. It takes our influences, our biases, morals, lifestyles and turns them into a massive alternate reality that no-one can escape from. It lives on our phones, in our televisions, in the cards we swipe to enter office. At its best, it’s an exact mirror of how human society actually works - all our greatness, all our petty shallowness, all our small talk and social contacts all codified and reduced and made plain. At its worst, it’s also exactly that. It’s how poor and rich and famous and desirable you are. It’s the backchannel given a name and dragged out into the limelight for everyone to see.
Plato, Republic: The Theatre of the Mind|In practice people who study philosophy too long become very odd birds, not to say thoroughly vicious; while even those who are the best of them are reduced by...[philosophy] to complete uselessness as members of society.
Joseph Addison|No further evidence is needed to show that 'mental illness' is not the name of a biological condition whose nature awaits to be elucidated, but is the name of a concept whose purpose is to obscure the obvious.
A.  Mani, Sun Stealer: Hidden Anomaly|Sometimes you need to fight your demons yet, sometimes you just need to embrace them.
Neal Shusterman, UnDivided|The accountant lingers at his children's doorway a moment more, listening to the easy rhythm of their breathing, and something cold moves through him, like the passage of a ghost - but he know that's not it. It's more like the portent of a future. A future that must never come to pass......and for the first time, he gives rise to a thought that is silently echoed in millions of homes that night. My God... what have we done?
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Percy, let me go" she croaked. "You can't pull me up."His face was white with effort. She could see in his eyes that he knew it was hopeless."Never," he said. He looked up at Nico, fifteen feet above. "The other side, Nico! We'll see you there. Understand?"Nico's eyes widened. "But-""Lead them!" Percy shouted. "Promise me!""I-I will."Below them, the voice laughed in the darkness. Sacrifices. Beautiful sacrifices to wake the goddess. Percy tightened his grip on Annabeth's wrist. His face was gaunt, scraped and bloody, his hair dusted with cobwebs, but when he locked eyes with her, she thought he had never looked more handsome."We're staying together," he promised. "You're not getting away from me. Never again."Only then did she understand what would happen. A one-way trip. A very hard fall."As long as we're together," she said.She heard Nico and Hazel still screaming for help. She saw sunlight far, far above- maybe the last sunlight she would ever see.Then Percy let go of his ledge, and together, holding hands, he and Annabeth fell into the endless darkness.
Melissa de la Cruz, Misguided Angel|Instead of fearing the future, I should live and enjoy the present, she told herself.
Eldridge Cleaver|Like most of those who study history, he (Napoleon III) learned from the mistakes of the past how to make new ones.
Orhan Pamuk|...the waiting was torture, the worst Ka had ever known. It was this pain, this deadly wait, he now remembered, that had made him afraid to fall in love.
Mark Twain|Politicians and diapers must be changed often, and for the same reason.
Kris Kidd, Split Lips: Stories About Love & Sex|There’s a weight in the room now, a remembrance of childhood. It sinks like a stone, or a heart, or my weight on a good day.
William  O'Brien, Peter, Enchantment and Stardust: The Poems|Devic MagicWoodland sprites, elves and nymphsWaltz in time take a glimpseFairies hide the forest witMushrooms fly, agarics hit
Isabella Rossellini|I got sick of trying everything. I tried every single thing imaginable - diet, exercise. I even bought a house on the health spa property, and I still gained weight.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|I prefer friends who walks with me in the shade - because friends, who constantly splendor in the glow of the flash of photographers, and sometimes accompany me - at every turn in times of success, this species of friends are suspect to me.
Wendy Vanderwal-Gritter, Generous Spaciousness: Responding to Gay Christians in the Church|The voice welling up out of this little man is terrific, Harry had noticed it at the house, but here, in the nearly empty church, echoing off the walnut knobs and memorial plaques and high arched rafters, beneath the tall central window of Jesus taking off into the sky with a pack of pastel apostles for a launching pad, the timbre is doubled, richer, with a rounded sorrowful something Rabbit hadn't noticed hitherto, gathering and pressing the straggle of guests into a congregation, subduing any fear that this ceremony might be a farce. Laugh at ministers all you want, they have the words we need to hear, the ones the dead have spoken.
Sarah Ockler, The Book of Broken Hearts|You ask me why I’m nice to you,” he said. “Why, why, why. But you don’t ask me stuff that matters. Who I am or where I been. What I see when I look at you. What I want.
Ellen G. White, Notebook leaflets|No matter how much individuals do through their own efforts, they cannot actively purify themselves enough to be disposed in the least degree for the divine union of the perfection of love. God must take over and purge them in that fire that is dark for them, as we will explain.
David Halberstam, The Coldest Winter: America and the Korean War|I believe that even 'returning-to-nature' and anti pollution activities, no matter how commendable, are not moving toward a genuine solution if they are carried out solely in reaction to the over development of the present age.
John Milton, Milton's Comus|Mortals that would follow me, Love virtue, she alone is free, She can teach ye how to climb Higher than the sphery chime; Or if virtue feeble were, Heaven itself would stoop to her.
Téa Obreht, The Tiger's Wife|- "I once knew a girl who loved tigers so much she almost became one herself.” Because I am little, and my love of tigers comes directly from him, I believe he is talking about me, offering me a fairy tale in which I can imagine myself—and will, for years and years.
Mario Vargas Llosa, The War of the End of the World|It isn't about being or not being dead, it's about what you leave behind
Wilhelm Röpke, The German Question|But to what end? Some... future revolution? It can never succeed.As Seneca warned Nero: No matter how many of us you kill, you will never kill your successor.
John  Adams, The Letters of John and Abigail Adams|The liberty of a democracy is not safe if the people tolerated the growth of private power to a point where it becomes stronger than the democratic state itself. That in its essence is fascism: ownership of government by an individual, by a group, or any controlling private power.
Allie Burke, Paper Souls|The sound of her phone shocked her out of the dark world that was currently playing in front of her eyes from the book in her lap. She wondered sometimes, why she bothered with books. If she wanted to hallucinate, all she had to do was get up in the morning.
Emily Carr|One thing I learned particularly at Yale was how to work with others. Having studied so long trying to master myself, the biggest challenge was learning about the other person's work.
Dalai Lama XIV|Do not anticipate trouble, or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight.
Edmund S. Morgan, American Heroes: Profiles of Men and Women Who Shaped Early America|The only way to make a library safe is to lock people out of it. As long as they are allowed to read the books 'any old time they have a mind to,' libraries will remain the nurseries of heresy and independence of thought. They will, in fact, preserve that freedom which is a far more important part of our lives than any ideology or orthodoxy, the freedom that dissolves orthodoxies and inspires solutions to the ever-changing challenges of the future. I hope that your library and mine will continue in this way to be dangerous for many years to come.
Peter Bunzl, Tales from the Blue Room: An Anthology of New Short Fiction|What had those vile creatures unleashed in me? What beast had they awakened? I think I vowed to kill the beast and bury it so deep in the abyss it would never again rear its ugly head. Part of me did make this promise. The other part embraced an unfolding of life’s inextinguishable flames and the mind’s unspoken bondage.As far as reinforcing the strength of my mind’s resolve, I supposed my body was a useless entity. Rather, it was this fancy thing I lived in—a mausoleum that beckoned the living, promising gratification, refuge, solace, peace, even immortality. It wasn’t me. It wasn’t mine. I realized then, it had never belonged to me. I could control what happened to it only if people were merciful. Watching Valentin was not merciful. It was a torturous joy.
Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting|They were ready to sell people a future in exchange for their past... They wanted to compel him to cast his life away and become a shadow, a man without past, an actor without a role, and turn even his castaway life, even the role the actor had abandoned, into a shadow. Having turned him into a shadow, they would let him live.
Kevin Keenoo|When they can't steal your success, they tarnish your character but at the end, they surrender to your strength.
Neal Stephenson, Snow Crash|Supposing that originally there was nothing but one creator, how could ordinary binary sexual relations come into being?
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|It’s okay to experience the flow of all emotions; however, if we get caught up in feeling pity for others and take on the responsibility of being their ‘savior’, we often take away their power to ‘save’ themselves. If I see someone as ‘messed up’ then I am projecting my ‘messed up’ vibration onto them, so I am unable to hold space. Yet, if I already view them as whole, well, and beautiful – then I am able to be a vibrational key (vessel of Spirit) that uplifts their energy so that it may come into alignment with being whole, well, and beautiful. It’s not that I do any of the healing; I’m simply a mirror reflecting acceptance and loving them for exactly who they are, right where they are. That is all that is ever truly asked of us, to accept and to love.
Haruki Murakami, Hear the Wind Sing|If teams had to name themselves honestly, they’d all be the Pimple-Faced Teenagers.
Monica Johnson|It's funny how we 'do' Christmas. Christmas is not something that we do, it is something that was done. It celebrates the long awaited arrival of the Messiah, Jesus Christ. We had nothing to do with it, but what we can do is praise God for the coming of the Lord, who washed away the sins of the world by dying on the cross.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Dangerous|So, Sheriff," she said. "How do you feel about a life of crime?
Twyla Tharp|He slept like an animal, well and lightly, faced in the opposite direction from that of a man; for a man going to sleep is about to escape into it while animals are prepared to escape out of it.
Valentina Tereshkova|Sites need to be able to interact in one single, universal space.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The fire in some people is burning and taking them places. Others have their fire dying slowly because their passion is dwindling. For some, the drive that kept them going is lost, and thus, has extinguished that fire that was once ablaze; they are now waiting for the next opportunity to ignite the fire in them one more time.Others are also at the point where the fire which was once in them has been totally quenched by a heavy rain rendering the source of fuel at their disposal void such that rekindling it becomes impossible.Remember, you are the problem and you are the solution to that problem whichever category you find yourself. Don't look anywhere else for answers as you are the answer to your problems. You ought to start to take steps to get back to the ladder where your flames of success will begin to rekindle. It's possible if only you believe.
Juliet Marillier, Daughter of the Forest|Three children lay on the rocks at the water's edge.A dark-haired girl, two boys, slightly older.This image is caught forever in my memory, like some fragile creature preserved in amber.
R.M. Engelhardt (TALON), The Resurrection Waltz Poems R.M. Engelhardt|Nations conquered and true love prevails, all encompassed in a poets tale.
Daniel Kahneman|Tonight we send a message to our party that here in Illinois, there will be a new generation of Republican leaders and we will fight to provide a better tomorrow for future generations. We've made clear the status quo is no longer acceptable.
Francois Rabelais|When you say a situation or a person is hopeless, you are slamming the door in the face of God.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|There are an incalculable number of things within me that I frantically wish to be emptied of, and despite my most earnest efforts to remove them, they remain. And it is Easter that reminds me that God empties out tombs.
Stephen King, Lisey's Story|Creating conflicts and killing each other to be in accord with our only Creator should be the definition of insanity.By promoting divisions and hostility among men, all monotheisms have proven that they are nothing but banal manners of clan formation.
John Delaney|I think it's a very valuable thing for a doctor to learn how to do research, to learn how to approach research, something there isn't time to teach them in medical school. They don't really learn how to approach a problem, and yet diagnosis is a problem; and I think that year spent in research is extremely valuable to them.
John Cameron Mitchell|It's cool when frat boys say, 'Yeah, 'Hedwig!' I'd like to see that same thing happen with 'Shortbus.'
Rachel Roy|I'm a big fan of small business ownership. I think it's the backbone of American innovation. But to be successful, you first have to have the courage to go for it.
Daya Kudari|When we say forever, we are talking about a desire.
Bill Konigsberg, Openly Straight|I frowned at him. "Isn't sarcasm the opiate of the masses?""You're thinking of religion," he replied. "Sarcasm is the Xanax of the morally bereft.
Sylvia Kristel|Lovers may be - and indeed generally are - enemies, but they never can be friends, because there must always be a spice of jealousy and a something of Self in all their speculations.
Marlene Dietrich|By burning Luther's books you may rid your bookshelves of him, but you will not rid men's minds of him.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|When you argue with verve in your saddlebags, you are extremely alive. That is why you yell and holler and shake your fist — could there be anything sweeter than convincing someone to see the world your way? What else is talking for, or jokes, or stories, or battles? The Loudest Magic, and how I loved it.
Van Wyck Brooks|The envious die not once, but as oft as the envied win applause.
Paulo Coelho|If you own a home with wheels on it and several cars without, you just might be a redneck.
H.A. Lamb|This book had two authors, and they were both the same person.
Ayn Rand|I feel blessed that I haven't seen or felt real pain to be immune to it. But I am dreading the time it comes. I feel blessed to have everything going fine. My parents' health is good, my brothers are well-settled, I have a great brother-in-law and my own career is doing fine. I hope and pray that I am fit and fine always.
Marty Rubin|What's foreign one can't always keep quite clear of,For good things, oft, are not so near;A German can't endure the French to see or hear of,Yet drinks their wines with hearty cheer.
Gabriel García Márquez, Cien años de soledad|Muchos años después, frente al pelotón de fusilamiento, el coronel Aureliano Buendía había de recordar aquella tarde remota en que su padre lo llevó a conocer el hielo. Macondo era entonces una aldea de 20 casas de barro y cañabrava construidas a la orilla de un río de aguas diáfanas que se precipitaban por un lecho de piedras pulidas, blancas y enormes como huevos prehistóricos. El mundo era tan reciente, que muchas cosas carecían de nombre, y para mencionarlas había que señalarlas con el dedo".
Stephen Richards, Crash n Carry: The True Story of Britain's Ramraiders|When writing feels like jumping a cliff, grab the nearest pen!
Seung Sahn, Dropping Ashes on the Buddha: The Teachings of Zen Master Seung Sahn|The love of nature is religion, and that religion is poetry; these three things are one thing. This is the unspoken creed of haiku poets.
Marc Marcel|I do not take advice from people who are 100 percent sure. I take advice from those that believe they are as close to sure as possible, but understand they could be completely wrong.
Michael Zadoorian, The Leisure Seeker|The last slide is Main Street at night, with the castle lit silver blue in the background. In the sky, fireworks are going off, cresting, cracking open the darkness, shooting long tendrils of colored light down to the buildings, way longer than I’ve ever seen for fireworks… I linger on this slide. I study that blue castle and those fireworks and realize that this is the image I’ve had in my head of Disneyland for all these years. Just like the beginning of the Wonderful World of Disney TV show. Maybe that’s why I wanted to head here this time. I know it’s ridiculous, but part of me wants to think that the world after this one could look like that.Like I said before, I stopped having notions about religion and heaven long ago—angels and harps and clouds and all that malarkey. Yet some silly, childish side of me still wants to believe in something like this. A gleaming world of energy and light, where nothing is quite the same color as it is on earth—everything bluer, greener, redder. Or maybe we just become the colors, that light spilling from the sky over the castle. Perhaps it would be somewhere we’ve already been, the place we were before we were born, so dying is simply a return. I guess is that were true then somehow we’d remember it. Maybe that’s what I’m doing with this whole trip—looking for somewhere that I remember, deep in some crevice of my soul. Who knows? Maybe Disneyland is heaven. Isn’t that the damnedest, craziest thing you’ve ever heard? Must be the dope talking.(pp.253-254)
Milan Kundera, Testaments Betrayed: An Essay in Nine Parts|No one cares about the artist Kafka, who troubles us with his puzzling aesthetic, because we'd rather have Kafka as the fusion of experience and work, the Kafka who had a difficult relationship with his father and didn't know how to deal with women.
Germany Kent|To everyone battling a difficulty or under attack right now, smile, keep your head up, keep moving and stay positive, you'll get through it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The higher power, mighty God!
Katherine Jenkins|I remember when the Atkins diet arrived; I lost 16 lb in the first month, but when I stopped, it all went back on again.
Rachel Caine, Bitter Blood|she had something I could not have, and so I resented her—but I realized the fault was mine and not hers.
Katie  Hafner, Mother Daughter Me|Doing a geographic” is a term alcoholics often use for acting on the impulse to start over by moving to a new town, or state, instead of making any internal changes. It’s the anywhere-but-here part of the disease that says, “Remove yourself from this, go someplace new, and everything will be better.” Two years into our Florida stint, my mother pulled a geographic as radical as the move from Rochester. The new plan was to head for California. She enrolled in the mathematics graduate program at the University of California’s shiny new campus in San Diego, and as soon as our elementary school let out for the summer, she put us into a new Buick station wagon – a gift from her parents – and drove us across the country. You’d think we’d have protested at yet another move. After all, having been duped before, we were in no position to believe that the next move would be any different. But I have no memory of being unhappy about the news. Because that’s what often happens when an alcoholic parent is doing a geographic. She pulls you in and, before you know it, you, too, believe in the promise of the new place.
Charles Dickens|What is he to learn? To imitate? Or to avoid? When your friends the bees worry themselves about their sovereign, and become perfectly distracted touching the slightest monarchical movement, are we men to learn the greatness of Tuft-hunting, or the littleness of the Court Circular? I am not clear, Mr. Boffin, but that the hive may be satirical.'At all events, they work,' said Mr. Boffin.Ye-es,' returned Eugene, disparagingly, 'they work; but don't you think they overdo it?
Sherman Austin|Technology ventures can succeed with very little investment, unlike many other industries. A lot of the big Internet players like Google or Yahoo were started by a couple of guys with computers. Microsoft was started in Bill Gates' garage.
Frank Sonnenberg, BookSmart: Hundreds of real-world lessons for success and happiness|Life is full of days and each day comes with its own happenstances; good and unbearable ones! Some days are remembered, for though such days come and go, they leave their memorable footprints on our minds; footprints of difficulties, footprints of sweetness and joy, footprints of regrets, and footprints worth pondering over and over! Until something happens to you in the day, you shall least remember that moment of time and day in your lifetime!
Laura     Miller, By Way of Accident|He is a true casualty of battle. There's not a physical scar, but look at the man's heart, and his head, and there are scars galore.
Stephen Kuusisto|We are writing in the age of stylish minimalism that in truth has become even more cautious because of word processing. Nowadays, creative writing students are underwriting rather than overdoing it.
Jim Butcher, Turn Coat|I should have known that if any girl was going to disobey an order, it would be you.
Aristotle|Little islands of human happiness, peace, and prosperity are so exceptional at this point in history that I'm not even sure we can draw lessons from them.
Paul de Musset|Know that there is often hidden in us a dormant poet, always young and alive.
Col. Robert G. Ingersoll|But the whole thing, after all, may be put very simply. I believe that it is better to tell the truth than to lie. I believe that it is better to be free than to be a slave. And I believe that it is better to know than be ignorant.
Dianna Hardy, The Spell of Summer|Then, things get hard, because once you know magic exists, you have to decide whether to be the bystander, or the magician … and we were all born to be magicians.
Elana Johnson, Elevated|I have to get off this elevator.I can't ride with him, Can't look at him, Can't be this close to him. Can't, Can't, can't.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|The grasping mind holds on to everything – beliefs, people, possessions – so that it seems as though there is hardly any room to breathe.
Edgar Lee Masters, Spoon River Anthology|O world, that's you!You are but a widened place in the riverWhere Life looks down and we rejoice for herMirrored in us, and so we dreamAnd turn away
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|This was something she would keep hidden within herself, maybe in place of the knot of pain and anger she had been carrying under her breastbone...a security blanket, an ace up her sleeve. She might never use it, but she would always feel its presence like a swelling secret stone, and that way when she let go of the rage, she would not feel nearly as empty.
Stephen Kinzer|Wal-Mart uses technology to increase sales volume, but the more it does so, the more it drives down profit margins - its own and everybody else's. The same logic does not appear to hold for Goldman Sachs.
Iva Ursano, The Shear Truth: 10 Things Your Hairstylist Really Wants You to Know.|People who want to sit around, star gaze and talk about their dreams are my favourite kind of people.
Larry Niven, Lucifer's Hammer|Spray a book with insect spray, drop it in a bag, add some mothballs and seal it. Put it in another bag and seal it. Another. The packages piled up on the floor, each a book sealed in four plastic envelopes.
Debasish Mridha|The universe is a mirror—if you smile at her, she smiles at you with joy.
Philip Womack|Perhaps this was part of growing older, to undergo hideous alterations in the deepest certainties, in love, in lovers, finally in one's self.
Alisa Hope Wagner, Eve of Awakening|When our pride usurps Truth, we walk on the shifting sands of relativism, an ego driven reality.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|Never hide your fear because it will become your own God, hidden inside you.
Sonja Lyubomirsky, The How of Happiness: A Scientific Approach to Getting the Life You Want|Charlie Brown: A penny! Rats! Why couldn't I have found a nickel? What good is a penny these days? Why do things like that always happen to me?! *walks off frustrated*Lucy: Gee, he found a penny! Why don't things like that ever happen to me?
Jon Courtenay Grimwood, Effendi|Unfortunately, since there was only one of him, most of his riches were wasted.
Celia McMahon, Skye|Every city, every town, hides beneath a certain amount of glamour that- either intentionally or not- can misdirect the eye or hide something worth finding. Learning to see through those glamours is part of the process of calling any place home.
Leslea Tash, Bird After Bird|His name feels like a secret, and now he's wearing it on his wrist. I want to know all about this girl who put it there. What she looks like. If she's got freckles, fair hair or dark, like his. If she's scrappy or etheral, funny or serious, scrape-kneed or ladylike. I know that she loves him, so I want to know everything else. But West doesn't want to share her with me. I shouldn't keep trying to scale these walls he puts up. I'm a terrible climber.
John Paul Warren|The sin and guilt of the human race was imputed to the spotless lamb of God, Jesus Christ when He became the sin offering for the world.
Sydney Smith|It's tough to stay married. My wife kisses the dog on the lips, yet she won't drink from my glass.
Shannon Celebi, Small Town Demons|You are going to die in front of dozens of witnesses, and none of them will do a thing to help you or avenge you. Because they know exactly what you know: The world is ending.
Kenneth Eade, Killer.com|And his computer's spell-check always forces him to capitalize the word "Internet". Come on; World War Two earned it's capitalization. The Internet just sucks human beings away from reality.
Richard Dawkins, The Selfish Gene|Consider again the mated pair with which we began the chapter. Both partners, as selfish machines, ‘want’ sons and daughters in equal numbers. To this extent they agree. Where they disagree is in who is going to bear the brunt of the cost of rearing each one of those children. Each individual wants as many surviving children as possible. The less he or she is obliged to invest in any one of those children, the more children he or she can have. The obvious way to achieve this desirable state of affairs is to induce your sexual partner to invest more than his or her fair share of resources in each child, leaving you free to have other children with other partners. This would be a desirable strategy for either sex, but it is more difficult for the female to achieve. Since she starts by investing more than the male, in the form of her large, food-rich egg, a mother is already at the moment of conception ‘committed’ to each child more deeply than the father is. She stands to lose more if the child dies than the father does. More to the point, she would have to invest more than the father in the future in order to bring a new substitute child up to the same level of development. If she tried the tactic of leaving the father holding the baby, while she went off with another male, the father might, at relatively small cost to himself, retaliate by abandoning the baby too. Therefore, at least in the early stages of child development, if any abandoning is going to be done, it is likely to be the father who abandons the mother rather than the other way around. Similarly, females can be expected to invest more in children than males, not only at the outset, but throughout development. So, in mammals for example, it is the female who incubates the foetus in her own body, the female who makes the milk to suckle it when it is born, the female who bears the brunt of the load of bringing it up and protecting it. The female sex is exploited, and the fundamental evolutionary basis for the exploitation is the fact that eggs are larger than sperms.
Camelia C.|When Eve upon the first of MenThe apple press’d with specious cant,Oh! what a thousand pities thenThat Adam was not adamant!
Dallin H. Oaks|We may have to struggle to achieve our goals, but our struggles may yield as much growth as our learning. The strengths we develop in overcoming challenges will be with us in the eternities to come.
Sachin Keely|Its not about the place we want to visit , its about with whom we visit.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|If you can’t trust yourself, love yourself and believe in your dreams, it makes it hard for anyone else to trust, love or believe in you.
Shawna Yang Ryan, Green Island|The words hurt my throat a little – probably because I was swallowing my pride, and it didn’t taste so great.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|The God I serve is able to save us both. To give us the winning lottery ticket so all our money problems will go away. To mend our broken hearts. To bring us close to those we love. He is able. He is able. He is able.But even if He doesn’t, do not bow to bitterness. Do not fall down onto your broken pieces and let them cut you to ribbons. Even if He doesn’t do all that He is able to do, all that we wish He would do, He is good.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Real loved one's aren't afraid, and will suggest to you, what's in your best interest because they wouldn't want too see you suffer the consequences of, sideways, emotional impulse(s). To see you crash and burn, time after time, is the gratification of 'yes folk' lurking in your corner. You may not agree, but always consider the voice(s) that have consistently kept it real.
Doug   Cooper, Outside In|Now I feel free, and hope is creeping back. Maybe because I'm paying attention to what I have rather than what's missing.
Saru Singhal, Rousing Cadence|Grass is always greener on your side, just switch places with your neighbor.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Emile or On Education|Her mind moved around and around the subject, moving with a kind of fuzzy firmness. With no coherent thought process, she arrived at a conviction - a habit with the basically insecure; an insecurity whose seeds are invariably planted earlier, in under or over-protectiveness, in a distrust in parental authority which becomes all authority. It can later, with maturity - a flexible concept - be laughed away, dispelled by determined clear thinking. Or it can be encouraged by self-abusive resentment and brooding self-pity. It can grow ever greater until the original authority becomes intolerable, and a change becomes imperative. Not to a radical one in thinking; that would be too troublesome, too painful. The change is simply to authority in another guise which, in time, and under any great stress, must be distrusted and resented even more than the first.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Ever After|Cookies, a dragon dog, and a sword: what every well-equipped little girl takes on a journey.
Marco Rubio|Whatsoever is, is in God, and without God nothing can be, or be conceived.
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.|For centuries, America has led the world on a long march toward freedom and democracy. Let's reclaim our clean energy leadership and lead the world toward clean energy independence.
Daniel Barenboim|When you learn about the teaching and the practice of another tradition, you always have a chance to understand your own teaching and practice.
Henry David Thoreau|Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel.
Elisabeth Elliot, The Mark of a Man|It would seem that unless we see through and beyond the physical, we shall not even see the physical as we ought to see it: as the very vehicle for the glory of God
Maximilien de Robespierre, Robespierre|With rope-ladders learned I to reach many a window, with nimble legs did I climb high masts: to sit on high masts of perception seemed to me no small bliss; To flicker like small flames on high masts: a small light, certainly, but a great comfort to cast-away sailors and shipwrecked ones!By diverse ways and wendings did I arrive at my truth; not by one ladder did I mount to the height where mine eye roveth into my remoteness. And unwillingly only did I ask my way - that was always counter to my taste! Rather did I question and test the ways themselves. A testing and a questioning hath been all my travelling: and verily, one must also learn to answer such questioning! That, however - is my taste: Neither a good nor a bad taste, but my taste, of which I have no longer either shame or secrecy."This is now my way - where is yours?" Thus did I answer those who asked me "the way." For "the way" - it doth not exist!
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|He still smiles all the time, but now his smiles look like they're made out of water, about to drip down his face.
Anthea Syrokou|Writing is a bittersweet addiction. The more it drains you; the more replenished you feel, and you crave it even more.
Jawaharlal Nehru|Hindu fundamentalism,” because Hinduism is a religion without fundamentals: no organized church, no compulsory beliefs or rites of worship, no single sacred book. The name itself denotes something less, and more, than a set of theological beliefs. In many languages — French and Persian amongst them — the word for “Indian” is “Hindu.” Originally “Hindu” simply meant the people beyond the river Sindhu, or Indus. But the Indus is now in Islamic Pakistan; and to make matters worse, the word “Hindu” did not exist in any Indian language till its use by foreigners gave Indians a term for self-definition.
Maria Montessori|We should all feel confident in our intelligence. By the way, intelligence to me isn't just being book-smart or having a college degree; it's trusting your gut instincts, being intuitive, thinking outside the box, and sometimes just realizing that things need to change and being smart enough to change it.
CrimethInc., Contradictionary|If you are a warrior, the nature and scale of your enemies will determine the nature and scale of your actions. In this sense, it is even more important to choose your enemies more wisely than your friends.
Ken Livingstone|I don't have to build up strength; I have been blessed with it. I do lift weights and train hard, but I am a very special individual - a very special man with very special talent and very special power. I can get any man - any man - out of there in a matter of seconds. That is the thing I love about myself.
Alex and Brett Harris|The idea that any art is achieved 'intuitively' is a dehumanization of the brains, effort, and the traditions of the artist, and a classification of said artist as subhuman. It is those supposed incapable of intelligence, training, or connection with a tradition who are described as working by instinct or intuition.
Jack Welch|Earn your success based on service to others, not at the expense of others.
Saurabh Sharma|The main thing is to stand up to the light, to joy (like our child) in the knowledge that I shall be extinguished in the light over gorse, asphalt, and sea, to stand up to time, or rather to eternity in the instant. To be eternal means to have existed.
Britney Spears|I like a bohemian floral dress, but then I'll throw on a leather jacket or a pair of lace-up boots to give it an edge. My mom is always trying to get me to wear really sweet clothes. Something pink. But that's not really my look.
Jane Wagner|People always ask me, 'Were you funny as a child?' Well, no, I was an accountant.
Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming|This is what I know. Don't settle for 40, 50, or even 80 percent. A relationship-it shouldn't be too small or too tight or even a little scratchy. It shouldn't take up space in your closet out of guilty conscience or convenience or a moment of desire. Do you hear me? It shold be perfect for you. It should be lasting. Wait. wait for 100 percent.
Robin James|Be Clever, Think Clever and Do Clever
Sidin Vadukut, The Sceptical Patriot: Exploring the Truths Behind the Zero and Other Indian Glories|Somehow, we’ve managed to create a social, cultural and political environment in which even our youngest citizens have been so deeply indoctrinated to hate. Who else, I wonder, have we indoctrinated them against? Little Muslim kids against Hindus? Little Hindu kids against Muslims? Little Dalits against all Yadavs?
Grace Willows|She was a ray of sunshine, a warm summer rain, a bright fire on a cold winter’s day, and now she could be dead because she had tried to save the man she loved.
Robert Harris|Money brings you security and choice. You can make decisions in a different way if you have a lot of money. But when you have nothing, you have a naivety, and a more fearless attitude because you have nothing to lose.
Seth Adam Smith, Rip Van Winkle and the Pumpkin Lantern|The pumpkin is a uniquely American plant, widely regarded as one of the most magical plants in all the world.
Patrick Chan|Perhaps the single most important element in mastering the techniques and tactics of racing is experience. But once you have the fundamentals, acquiring the experience is a matter of time.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable|I just want you to know that where ever life takes you, I'll always be happy for you as long as its something that makes you happy because that's all that really makes me happy. Why? I'm just listening to my heart and all it's telling me is to understand. Which in a way I can but then again I can't. I'm use to it all though because not everyone lives a fair life if you know what I mean.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|How are you, Rory?' [the Doctor] asked.I [Rory]... answered him. 'It's been odd being you.''Isn't it?' The Doctor's smile didn't quite reach his eyes.'How do you cope?''Ah...' The Doctor picked away at a scrap of loose paint on the door. 'Well, I just get as close as I can to a happy ending, then I shut the door behind me and move on.'I nodded.We shut the door behind us and moved on.
Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly|In Paris, where raillery is so quick to throw emotion out the window, silence, in a roomful of clever people after a story, is the most flattering of all marks of success
Bruce McGill|If I finance a bank and I know if the bank will get in trouble, I will be hit and I will lose money, I will put a price on that.
Haruki Murakami, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running|One by one, I'll face the tasks before me and complete them as best I can. Focusing on each stride forward, but at the same time taking a long-range view, scanning the scenery as far ahead as I can. I am, after all, a long distance runner.My time, the rank I attain, my outward appearance - all of these are secondary. For a runner like me, what's really important is reaching the goal I set myself, under my own power. I give it everything I have, endure what needs enduring, and am able, in my own way, to be satisfied. From out of the failures and joys I always try to come away having grasped a concrete lesson. (It's got to be concrete, no matter how small it is.) And I hope that, over time, as one race follows another, in the end I'll reach a place I'm content with. Or maybe just catch a glimpse of it.
Mark Twain|The mentality and behavior of drug addicts and alcoholics is wholly irrational until you understand that they are completely powerless over their addiction and unless they have structured help, they have no hope.
Yasmin Mogahed, Reclaim Your Heart: Personal Insights on Breaking Free from Life's Shackles|If given a choice between stoic justice and compassion, I choose compassion. And if given a choice between worldly leadership and heaven at my feet—I choose heaven.
Carla H. Krueger, From the Horse’s Mouth|Without pride, man becomes a parasite – and there are already too many parasites.
Francois-Henri Pinault|Football shape is one thing, and then 'futbol' shape is a completely other thing. It's a whole other level of fitness that you have to work to maintain.
SupaNova Slom, The Remedy: The Five-Week Power Plan to Detox Your System, Combat the Fat, and Rebuild Your Mind and Body|When bodies talk, a hand brushing across a face declares love the tongue never speaks. When bodies talk, eyes make promises and lips keep them in the silent transfer of vows of the heart. When bodies talk, a steady stare and firm glance becomes a rod of correction. When bodies talk, they speak to us all in quiet whispers, heart-to-heart, and soul-to-soul, in soundless conversations.
Colin Wilson|Knowing that it is the earth we tread, we learn to tread carefully, lest it be rent open. Realizing that it is the heavens that hang above us, we come to fear the echoing thunderbolt. The world demands that we battle with others for the sake of our own reputation, and so we undergo the sufferings bred of illusion. While we live in this world with its daily business, forced to walk the tightrope of profit and loss, true love is an empty thing, and the wealth before our eyes mere dust.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|Here is the test of wisdom, Wisdom is not finally tested in schools, Wisdom cannot be pass’d from one having it to another not having it, Wisdom is of the soul, is not susceptible of proof, is its own proof, Applies to all stages and objects and qualities and is content, Is the certainty of the reality and immortality of things, and the excellence of things; Something there is in the float of the sight of things that provokes it out of the soul.
Finn Jones|Society tends to pin women against each other, but we need to treat each other with kindness and compliment one another instead. Because women's voices are the strongest when they're together.
Jessie Burton, The Miniaturist|Because, Petronella - it's something in his soul. It's something in his soul and you can't get it out.
Rosario Dawson|Every one rushes elsewhere and into the future, because no one wants to face one's own inner self.
William Wordsworth|This is the way in which he (poet) did his work. He used to go out with a pencil and a tablet and note what struck him...and make a picture out of it...But Nature does not allow an inventory to be made of her charms! He should have left his pencil behind, and gone forth in a meditative spirit; and, on a later day, he should have embodied in verse not all that he had noted but what he best remembered of the scene; and he would have then presented us with its soul, and not with the mere visual aspect of it.
Sam Dogra, The Binding|It's been a while since I've had sex. I figured it was just like riding a bike, the only difference is that after a while, the bike doesn't turn you over and ride you.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|We only suffer when we falsely identify with the objects that arise in our awareness, rather than with the awareness itself—when we identify with our thoughts, with our emotions, our personal history, and the many stories we tell ourselves. When you reconnect to your source—the essence of your being, the pure and impartial witness—you become free from all of the troubles of the material world; free from the world of form. You no longer feel the desire to cling to forms or depend on them for your happiness. Instead, you are free to enjoy form, free to let form be, and free to allow all forms to come and go as they please. All forms are impermanent and changing, but your consciousness, being formless, is eternal, and exists regardless of the forms that it gives life to.
Emm Cole, Keeping Merminia|No. Your thoughts are what make you. But your body isn't a meaningless thing either. Call me strange, but I think only the person you love the most should see you like that. And not here--in an ugly, dirty place--when you haven't even thought about it.
Will Christopher Baer, Hell's Half Acre|The digital sunset always looks better than the real thing, always. Because a sunset generated by the basic package of yellow sun and blue sky is unreliable. Today it may be stunning, hypnotic. Tomorrow it may be lifeless and dull, a white sky scorched with yellow. Tomorrow the sky will be velvet.
Noel DeJesus|Everyday that I procrastinate, everyday that I sit stagnant in fear, everyday that I fail to better myself, someone else out there with the same goals and dreams as me is doing the exact opposite.
J.R.R. Tolkien|But have a care! It is a bitter blade, and steel serves only those that can wield it. It will cut your hand as willingly as aught else.
Jefferson Davis|People who look at my painting say that it makes them happy, like the feeling when you wake up in the morning. And happiness is the goal, isn't it?
Amish Tripathi, The Secret of the Nagas|Perhaps Fate laid out your life for you like a dress on a bed, and you could either wear it or go naked.
Robin Alexander, Just Jorie|...I’m insane, Jorie thought. She saw herself lying in a hospital bed, her wallet and valuables gone. When asked why she got into a car with a woman she didn’t know, her reply would land her in the psych ward. Well, you see, I have this fantasy lover because, frankly, they’re so much easier to deal with. She never makes a mess, loves my demonic cat, always says the right thing at the right time. I saw this woman, and she was my dream come to life, so I just had to get into the car with her because I’m an idiot...
Kit de Waal, My Name is Leon|We all believe we can choose our own path from among the many alternatives. But perhaps it’s more accurate to say that we make the choice unconsciously. I think I did – but now I knew it because now I was able to put it into words. But I don’t mean this in the fatalistic sense; we’re constantly making choices. With the breaths we take every day, with the expression in our eyes, with the daily actions we do over and over, we decide as though by instinct. And so some of us will inevitably find ourselves rolling around in a puddle on some roof in a strange place with a takeout katsudon in the middle of winter, looking up at the night sky, as if it were the most natural thing in the world.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|We are all wired with a natural propensity to learn, grow, and expand. Think of the positive things that make you happy, bring you joy, deepen your understanding, and make you feel wonderful. These things enlarge and grow with positive energy, don’t they? The opposite is true as well; negative things make us feel stressed, sad, angry, or overwhelmed. They leave us feeling depleted and contracted.
Mada Eliza Dalian|Usually, we believe that our pain is a misfortune that needs to be fixed, but in fact, all pain (physical, mental, and emotional) is a necessary step towards becoming conscious.
Stacey  Lee, Under a Painted Sky|What good's a black face if it means I'm just someone else's property? Why give me these arms and legs just to carry someone else's load, not my own?
Elie Wiesel|Most of these wild animals depart in autumn when the sun changes their behavior and they feel the urge to migrate or go off alone. While they are with us, however, they become characters in my books, articles, and stories.
Christian Louboutin|Enlightened leadership is spiritual if we understand spirituality not as some kind of religious dogma or ideology but as the domain of awareness where we experience values like truth, goodness, beauty, love and compassion, and also intuition, creativity, insight and focused attention.
Alyssa Day, Atlantis Unleashed|I don’t care about his quest for redemption. I don’t want him anywhere near Quinn,” Alaric snarled. “I will leave for St. Louis as soon as we adjourn this meeting.” 
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|There's a problem with the hierarchical orientation, though. When the numbers get too big, the thing breaks down. A pecking order can hold only so many chickens.
John Tottenham, The Inertia Variations|IMPROVIDENCEThe other lives I might have ledAll now might as well beDead. Survived by no one.Barren, without issue of any sort:This withered bud, failedIn art and love. With no time leftTo change my course. But time enoughfor infinite remorse.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|But I also knew that if he turned away from me at this moment, somehow I would survive that, and I would find a way to flourish like the yard that still bloomed and grew around my family home.I'm Sookie Stackhouse. I belong here.
Kasie West, By Your Side|Even though I knew this might end in heartbreak, that he might make my life scary and complicated and unpredictable, I knew I couldn't let him walk away. Because I knew he'd also make my life happy and comforting and full.
Dylan Moran|We often pretend to fear what we really despise, and more often despise what we really fear.
Richard Attenborough|There is a LIGHT in this world. A healing spirit more powerful than any darkness we may encounter. We sometime lose sight of this force when there is suffering, and too much pain. Then suddenly, the spirit will emerge through the lives of ordinary people who hear a call and answer in extraordinary ways.
Karlheinz Stockhausen|Obviously given good health, and a continuing audience and a record company that allows me to do music. So given those things yes, I'm introducing some new music that people haven't really heard me do in quite this fashion.
Nino Gruettke, BOTH of You: Behavior. Opinion. Thinking. Happiness - The more rational we are, the more emotional we can be.|The joy from eating does not come from the exclusivity of the food, but instead from the sensitivity that we eat it with.
Jenny Han, The Summer I Turned Pretty|Answer me, you who believe that animals are only machines. Has nature arranged for this animal to have all the machinery of feelings only in order for it not to have any at all?
Lauren Morrill, Being Sloane Jacobs|There is very hard bonding between Tears and Rain, often both falls together in Happiness and in Pain'' -Samar Sudha
Richard Rhodes|When in doubt, have a man come through the door with a gun in his hand.
Jagdish Joghee, In Love and Free: The tale of a woman caught between two men...|This is what it means to be human “in the image of God.” It means being free to make choices instead of doing whatever our instinctswould tell us to do. It means knowing that some choices are good, and others are bad, and it is our job to know the difference.
Delano Johnson, Rare Images of Love|Father", that sounds too dominant, too stern or Mufasa-like – he’s a coward, a low-budget, hand-fucking coward.
Ed Rendell|Our goal is not to crush the enemy at any price, but to make it realize that it is illegal to take up arms to overthrow a democratically elected government.
Christine Fonseca, Transcend|Ien stopped her voice with more kisses, more promises of a world filled with only them.
Michael Allan Scott|Be original, express who you were born to be and be happy in who you are.
Kendal Rob|The bacteriologist, often risking his life to find cures for lethal afflictions, was another kind of imperial hero, as brave in his way as the soldier-explorer.
Idries Shah, Reflections|The would-be students wish to transcend books.But, ask yourselves: if someone says that books do not contain wisdom, and yet he writes books; books do not contain Sufism, and yet he continues to publish books on Sufism, what is really happening? It really is your duty, and not mine, to ask and to find the answer to that question, if you are interested enough.
Farzana Zahid, The Prince and The Fairy|Rose, we are here today. Tomorrow we don’t know where life will take us to. So, as long as we have today in our hands, let’s not slip it from our hands. Let’s live it!
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|She settled into a sitting position, wincing. "Oh, my poor rear end. I hope you appreciate what I went through to get here."Alain watched her anxiously. "You have hurt your...""My butt. Yeah." She returned his gaze, puzzled. "I'll survive. Why are you blushing?""Blushing?" His face felt warm. What did that mean?"Yes." Mari laughed. Does talking about my butt embarrass you? I'm sorry. It's nothing special.""I..." His face felt even warmer. "I think it is.""You do, huh? Where have you been all my life?"This time he gave her a mystified look. "I sent almost all of it inside a Mage Guild Hall. The one in Ihris. You know this."Mari laughed again.
Felicity Brandon, The Abduction|I look at sex differently than most people. It’s an exchange, and it should be good for both parties. I don’t want you to spread your legs and let me have you because you want someone to hold you. If you want me to hold you, ask me. I want you to spread your legs because you can’t wait another single second for my cock. I want that pussy ripe and ready and weeping for a big dick to split it wide and have its way. I want your nipples to peak because I walk into a room and you remember every dirty thing I can do to them. I want you to want me. I can make you crave me. I don’t want some drive-by fucking that gets me off and I forget it five minutes later. I want to fuck all night long. I want to feel it all the next day because my cock got so used to being deep inside your body. If that’s what you want, then get dressed in the sexiest thing you own and agree that I’m the boss when it comes to sex.
Boris Kovalík|.Fire can heal. Somebody needs to see the light, somebody needs to feel the heat. Burn..
Winston Groom, Forrest Gump|I think that sitting there talking to Dan was a thing that had a great impression on my life. I know that being an idiot and all, I ain't supposed to have no philosophy of my own, but maybe it's just because nobody never too the time to talk to me about it. It was Dan's philosophy that everything that happen to us, or for that matter, to anything everywhere, is controlled by natural laws that govern the universe. His views were extremely complicated, but the gist of what he said begun to change my whole outlook on things.
Steve-O|Almost as soon as I went vegan, people started telling me that my skin looked great, and that I appeared younger, slimmer, and healthier. I'm convinced that of all the changes I've made to my lifestyle, it's the adoption of a vegan diet that has been best for me - physically, mentally, and certainly spiritually.
Tiffany Fulton, Starlight Gifts|And Phoebe and Sebastian went their separate ways, to the blacksmith shop and the library, after several backward glances that weren't coordinated enough to allow either to know that the other one was looking.
Lauren Hammond, Love Sucks|You, my dear, are a creature of the night, you are a vampire.
Daniel Wallace|There comes a moment in every life when the Universe presents you with an opportunity to rise to your potential.	An open door that only requires the heart to walk through, seize it and hang on.The choice is never simple. It’s never easy. It’s not supposed to be. But those who travel this path have always looked back and realizedthat the test was always about the heart. ...The rest is just practice.
Tony Kushner|Each letter has a shape, she told them, one shape in the world and no other, and it is your responsibility to make it perfect.
Peter James West, Information Cloud|From the dark forest that bordered the soft ploughed fields, came a low cry that did not belong to any animal. It was accompanied by the sound of branches bending and snapping, and the splintering of wood as trees were crushed or toppled onto their sides.
Miranda Neville, The Second Seduction of a Lady|On the whole she found erring children easier to deal with than their frantic parents, confirming her conclusion that marriage did strange things to the adult mind.
Barbara Burke, The Napkin The Melon  The Monkey: How to Be Happy and Successful by Simply Changing Your Mind|Civilization – and by this I do not mean talking cinemas and tinned food, nor even surgery and hygienic houses, but the whole moral and artistic organization of Europe – has not in itself the power of survival. It came into being through Christianity, and without it has no significance or power to command allegiance…That is the first discovery, that Christianity is essential to civilization and that it is in greater need of combative strength than it has been for centuries.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Fire In You|A fire only spreads away from it's source, it never returns.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|My prayer for you:Know the Lord in greater depth.Abide in the presence of God.Live under the shelter of most High,God.Remain under the shadow of God’s grace in Jesus Name.Amen.
Patti Smith|Although technology has enhanced our lives in many ways, it has also ensured the erosion of imagination.
Athol Fugard, Master Harold...and the boys|I am love, I am music, she thinks. Let’s dance.
Don Asher, Notes From A Battered Grand: A Memoir|The lower the class of the affair, the more likely the band will be invited to eat.
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals|...[N]ature generally in the distribution of her capacities has adapted the means to the end... [so nature's] true destination must be to produce a will, not merely good as a means to something else, but good in itself, for which reason was... imparted to us as a practical... absolutely necessary... faculty.
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|He had the face of one who walks in his sleep, and for a wild moment the idea came to me that perhaps he was not normal, not altogether sane. There were people who had trances, I had surely heard of them, and they followed strange laws of which we could know nothing, they obeyed the tangled orders of their own sub-conscious minds. Perhaps he was one of them, and here we were within six feet of death.
Gustave Flaubert|Papers ,Always Welcome you with an Emty space to full it ,they wont judge or Mind...
Ajit Kumar Jha, Siddhartha Smiles|Buddha also said that the Dharma, like a bird, needs two wings to fly, and that the wing that balances Wisdom is compassion.
Francis of Assisi|None of us is beyond the task of missions...The question is not whether or not we will be working to spread the gospel around the world, but what role we will play in this.
Conor Oberst|A heartsong doesn't have to be a song in your heart. It doesn't have to be talking about love and peace. It can just be your message. It can be your feeling. Some people might even call it a conscience, even though that's not really what it is. It's your message, what you feel like you need to do.
Matt Mullenweg|One thing about open source is that even the failures contribute to the next thing that comes up. Unlike a company that could spend a million dollars in two years and fail and there's nothing really to show for it, if you spend a million dollars on open source, you probably have something amazing that other people can build on.
Kitt Weagant, Each Day a New Beginning: Daily Meditations for Women|I'd chosen the regret I could live with best, that's all. I'd chosen the life I belonged to.
Frank Herbert, Dune Messiah|The bottom line remains the same: you’re either awake or you’re not.One day, there it is. Nothing. No more enemies, no more battles.
Naeem Khan|Of course, I did lots of what would be called graphic design now, what used to be called commercial art.
Katie McGarry, Pushing the Limits|We are all 'right' if we are being truly ourselves.... that is the best we can be in each moment, until we learn more...
Drew Magary, Someone Could Get Hurt: A Memoir of Twenty-First-Century Parenthood|We're constantly judging and grading other parents, just to make sure that they aren't any better than us. I'm as guilty as anyone. I see some lady hand her kid a Nintendo DS at the supermarket and I instantly downgrade that lady to Shitty Parent status. I feel pressure to live up to a parental ideal that no one probably has ever achieved. I feel pressure to raise a group of human beings that will help America kick the shit out of Finland and South Korea in the world math rankings. I feel pressure to shield my kids from the trillion pages of hentai donkey porn out there on the Internet. I feel pressure to make the insane amounts of money needed for a supposedly 'middle-class' upbringing for the kids, an upbringing that includes a house and college tuition and health care and so many other expenses that you have to be a multimillionaire to afford it. PRESSURE PRESSURE PRESSURE.
Albert Camus|There is but one truly serious philosophical problem and that is suicide. Judging whether life is or is not worth living amounts to answering the fundamental question of philosophy. All the rest — whether or not the world has three dimensions, whether the mind has nine or twelve categories — comes afterwards. These are games; one must first answer.
Winston Groom, Forrest Gump|I have suffered a loss, Forrest, far greater than my legs. It's my spirit, my soul, if you will. There is only a blank there now - medals where my soul used to be.
Wirt Gerrare, Gaslit Nightmares: Stories by Robert W. Chambers, Charles Dickens, Richard Marsh, and Others|Art, like Nature, has her monsters
Mirriam Neal, Paper Crowns|First the mania for confession,then the mania for clarity,issued from you, dark, hypocriticalsentiment! Let them nowcondemn my every passion, let themdrag me through the mud, call me twisted,foul pervert, dilettante, perjurer;you keep me apart, give me life’s assurance:I burn at the stake, play the card of fireand win: I win this small,vast possession, my infinite,miserable pitywhich makes even righteous anger my friend.And I can do this because I’ve endured you too long!
J.R.R. Tolkien|It is not the strength of the body that counts, but the strength of the spirit.
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|A psychiatrist does not want you to wake up. He tells you to dream some more, to find the pond and pour more tears into it. And really, he's just another bird drinking from your misery.
J.P. Roarke, From the Village of Lucca|When the weather's bad--it's raining, windy, cold--and you're just feeling miserable, put on your shoes, get yourself outside, and take a few steps. Then take a few more, and usually, by the time you reach the end of the block you'll develop a small rhythm, build a bit of momentum, and finally, begin to feel better.
Derek Thompson, Hit Makers: The Science of Popularity in an Age of Distraction|It may sound exaggerated to say that the clash of civilizations and cultures as what we're witnessing in Europe between muslims and christians is necessary, but the alternative, an extremely arrogant and suppressive Europe, would eventually self-destroy itself, as it nearly did several times in the past centuries. The forced discipline on Europeans is violent for the present generation, unaware of its moral weaknesses and delusional supremacy, but necessary for future generations, that need to witness a more peaceful world, one where racism doesn't dictate their opportunities in life. And that, at present moment, is still a dream in most European countries, that despite their history, show such a level of aggression and segregation, that make one of darker skin wonder if slavery has not yet ended.
Tom Chatfield|Artificial intelligence will reach human levels by around 2029. Follow that out further to, say, 2045, we will have multiplied the intelligence, the human biological machine intelligence of our civilization a billion-fold.
Mary Balogh, The Proposal|You are not by any manner of means the sort of woman I am in search of as a wife, and I am in a totally different universe from the husband you hope to find. But I feel a powerful urge to kiss you, for all that.
Joan of Arc|Do not worship me, I am not God. I'm only a man. I worship Jesus Christ.
Chris Prentiss, Zen and the Art of Happiness|If the feet of enlightenment moved, the great ocean would overflow; If that head bowed, it would look down upon the heavens.Such a body has no place to rest. . . .Let another continue this poem.
Dada Bhagwan|Understanding spirituality means that every day anger, pride, deceit and greed continue to decrease, will not increase.
Karl R. Popper, The Poverty of Historicism|We all have an unscientific weakness for being always in the right, and this weakness seems to be particularly common among professional and amateur politicians. But the only way to apply something like scientific method in politics is to proceed on the assumption that there can be no political move which has no drawbacks, no undesirable consequences. To look out for these mistakes, to find them, to bring them into the open, to analyse them, and to learn from them, this is what a scientific politician as well as a political scientist must do. Scientific method in politics means that the great art of convincing ourselves that we have not made any mistakes, of ignoring them, of hiding them, and of blaming others from them, is replaced by the greater art of accepting the responsibility for them, of trying to learn from them, and of applying this knowledge so that we may avoid them in future.
Ranata Suzuki|It’s painful, loving someone from afar.Watching them – from the outside.The once familiar elements of their life reduced to nothing more than occasional mentions in conversations and faces changing in photographs…..They exist to you now as nothing more than living proof that something can still hurt you … with no contact at all.
William Harvey|Doctrine once sown strikes deep its root, and respect for antiquity influences all men.
Reggie Joiner, The Think Orange: Imagine the Impact When Church and Family Collide...|Parents can tell but never teach, unless they practice what they preach.
Hedy Lamarr|I don't believe in life after death. But I do believe in some grinding destiny that watches over us on earth. If I didn't, the safety valve would give and the boiler would explode.
Martin Scorsese|I was born when he kissed me, I died when he left me, I lived a few weeks while he loved me
Sunday Adelaja|If God is so concerned about the state of truth in any society, I think that should begin to concern us as well.
Charles B. Rangel|May we think of freedom, not as the right to do as we please, but as the opportunity to do what is right.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|Don’t try and make me feel better, Alex. I hate you.”“I hate you, too.
Madison Thorne Grey, Sustenance|Me? With only one woman forever and ever, blah, blah, blah. I don't think so, brother. I am having too much fun with all the ladies in Johobin."-Madison Thorne Grey, Sustenance (Breccan)
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|I wonder at times if we're not all blind. It just seems there are an abundance of books unread, paint strokes not admired, and performances unattended. So much attention painstakingly sought and not given.
Tyler Posey|I've always remembered something Sanford Meisner, my acting teacher, told us. When you create a character, it's like making a chair, except instead of making someting out of wood, you make it out of yourself. That's the actor's craft - using yourself to create a character.
Helena Bonham Carter|In Sanskrit, there exists no word for ‘The Individual’ (L’Individu). En Grèce antique, il n’y avait aucun mot pour dire ‘Devoir’ (Duty). In French, the word for ‘Wife’ is the same as the word for ‘Woman.’ En anglais, nous n’avons aucun mot semblable à l’exquise ‘Jouissance!
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|I've come to believe that in everyone's life, there's one undeniable moment of change, a set of circumstances that suddenly alters everything.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|Eran gentes de vidas lentas, a las cuales no se les veía volverse viejas, ni enfermarse ni morir, sino que iban desvaneciéndose poco a poco en su tiempo, volviéndose recuerdos, brumas de otra época, hasta que los asimilaba el olvido.
Madeleine L'Engle|The author & the reader "know" each other: they meet on the bridge of words
Anamika Mishra, Too Hard To Handle|Sometimes it’s the complication, which just lies in our minds
John Dewey|For in spite of itself any movement that thinks and acts in terms of an ‘ism becomes so involved in reaction against other ‘isms that it is unwittingly controlled by them. For it then forms its principles by reaction against them instead of by a comprehensive, constructive survey of actual needs, problems, and possibilities.
|What else other than success can happen to anyone who refuses to stay down in the midst of any struggle, challenge or obstacle?
William Shakespeare, Richard III|For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith—and this not from yourselves, it is the gift of God — not by works, so that no one can boast.
Lee Ritenour|Architecture is not an inspirational business, it's a rational procedure to do sensible and hopefully beautiful things; that's all.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Why Polish the Gold?•	It builds your confidence when you realize that your words have power and can positively influence. •	As you seek to find the good in others, you will enjoy the ripple effect reminder for finding the good in yourself.•	It makes a great ice-breaker to begin a conversation.•	It helps you meet new people and make new friends.•	It strengthens your relationships and builds mutual admiration.•	It brings more happiness and joy into your life.•	A little praise goes a long way to make others happy.
Peter Singer, The Life You Can Save: Acting Now to End World Poverty|In the past 20 years alone, it adds up to more death than were caused by all the civil and international wars adn government repression of the entire twentieth century, the century of Hitler and Stalin. How much would we give to prevent those horrors? Yet how little are we doing to prevent today's even larger toll and all the misery that it involves? I believe that if you read this book to the end, and look honestly and carefully at our situation, assessing both the facts and the ethical arguments, you will agree that we must act.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|Whether or not you believe in God, He always believes in You!
Laird Barron, The Imago Sequence and Other Stories|Evil is nothing more than that, which was once divine, and has fallen into shit." Indrid Night - Through A Glass Darkly.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|We must desire to see people rising in life, rather than looking for ways to contribute to their fall.
Auliq Ice|Learn to struggle in all four seasons, for opportunity has no date or an exact time to find, you will only get what you need by trying everthing you know, without fear or shame.
Albert Einstein|Tintinnabulation is an area I sometimes wander into when I am searching for answers - in my life, my music, my work. In my dark hours, I have the certain feeling that everything outside this one thing has no meaning.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|What makes a person unique is their vision, their belief, their passion, and their flat out unwillingness to give up.
Josephine Myles, How to Train Your Dom in Five Easy Steps|My self-esteem is Teflon coated, baby.
Jeff Gordon|Like cars, every relationship requires a bit of an occasional service, and fine-tuning should be compulsory.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Because a door slammed shut, we assume that our dreams were slammed shut with it. Yet before we surrender to a closed door, it might be wise to take a moment and consider the fact that any dream is far too big not to have a couple of back doors.
Donnie Yen|Sydney in the 1960s wasn't the exuberant multicultural metropolis it is today. Out in the city's western reaches, days passed in a sun-struck stupor. In the evenings, families gathered on their verandas waiting for the 'southerly buster' - the thunderstorm that would break the heat and leave the air cool enough to allow sleep.
Marie Phillips, Gods Behaving Badly|I've never had sex. Never wanted to. Not with a man or a woman or an animal, though my family jokes about it. And I never will. The thought of it disgusts me.
Nityananda Das, Divine Union|When I moved, the broker had told me there was something good for the brain about living near the sea, something about ions. But I often felt like the water was insulting me, like, "I'm beautiful and endless—what are you doing with your life?
Douglas Wilson, Angels in the Architecture: A Protestant Vision for Middle Earth|Some will, some won't. Look for the ones who will.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Anyway, I'm glad you found her. (Calypso) You promised to find a way back to her, and I just wanted to say that if we do survive all this, I'll do anything to help you. Thats a promise I will keep.
Irvin D. Yalom, Love's Executioner and Other Tales of Psychotherapy|Some day soon, perhaps in forty years, there will be no one alive who has ever known me. That's when I will be truly dead - when I exist in no one's memory. I thought a lot about how someone very old is the last living individual to have known some person or cluster of people. When that person dies, the whole cluster dies,too, vanishes from the living memory. I wonder who that person will be for me. Whose death will make me truly dead?
Deyth Banger|You silly," said Abdul, "those clouds don' mean nothing. I see'd them plenty a'ready. It was jus' coincidence that they was in the sky before Koos an" Piet was drowned.""Yes," said Kielbiet, "it's nonsense. Have a drink. You'll go fish all right.
Lisa Graff|When you do choose to speak," she told me, "speak truths.
Rutledge Etheridge, Agent of Destruction|Sometimes life seems like a match between oneself and one's gaolors. The gaolers, of course, are one's mistakes; and the question is, who'll hold out longest? When I think of that, life instead of being too long, seems as short as a winter day....
Ellen Read, Love The Gift|No matter how many times I break...I will repair.No matter how many times I tear...I will sew." -From "Towards Peace in a More Natural Order
A.D. Aliwat, Alpha|Dogs are the only non-primate animal to look into man's eyes. My mother, behind my ears.
Nancy Farmer|Quests always have their ups and downs,' rumbled the giant. 'The point is never to give up, even if you're falling off a cliff. You never know what might happen on the way to the bottom.
Linda Fisher Thornton|When we ask people to live their lives through our models, we are potentially reducing life itself. How can we ever know what we might be losing?
Tia Mowry|Young people should travel, and they don't. You can't know if you don't go.
Scot McKnight, One.Life: Jesus Calls, We Follow|‎Those who aren't following Jesus aren't his followers. It's that simple. Followers follow, and those who don't follow aren't followers. To follow Jesus means to follow Jesus into a society where justice rules, where love shapes everything. To follow Jesus means to take up his dream and work for it.
Robert Frost|Some say the world will end in fire,Some say in ice.From what I've tasted of desire,I hold with those who favor fire. But if it had to perish twiceI think I know enough of hateTo say that for destruction iceIs also greatAnd would suffice.
Margaret Mead|If American women would increase their voting turnout by ten percent, I think we would see an end to all of the budget cuts in programs benefiting women and children.
Marie Lu, Prodigy|You threw everything away."I bring a hand up to touch her face,to wipe the rain from her eyelashes."Your entire life-your beliefs...Why would you do that for me?"June has never looked more beautiful than she does now,unadorned and honest,vulnerable yet invincible.When lightning streaks over the sky,her dark eyes shine like gold."Because you were right,"she whispers."About all of it.
Joel Salatin|For me, habit is just a synonym for death.
Witness Lee, The Heavenly Ministry of Christ|The priesthood of Christ is “not according to the law of a fleshy commandment, but according to the power of an indestructible life” (Heb. 7:16). Aaron was constituted high priest according to the powerless letter of the law, but Christ according to the powerful element of an indestructible life. Our High Priest is constituted of a life which nothing can conquer, but which rather conquers everything! It is a life which cannot be destroyed. A life which saves to the uttermost. The endless, eternal, divine, uncreated life. The resurrection life which has passed the test of death and Hades.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Have we ever thought to consider that the need to be loved grows because of its absence, but that love also grows because of its presence? And does this not speak to the power of love?
Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams|For the first time in his life, Mont Blanc for a moment looked to him what it was - a chaos of anarchic and purposeless forces - and he needed days of repose to see it clothe itself again with the illusions of his senses, the white purity of its snows, the splendor of its light, and the infinity of its heavenly peace. Nature was kind; Lake Geneva was beautiful beyond itself, and the Alps put on charms real as terrors.
Kendrick Lamar|We have lost our vision for the future. Before, we say, 'Nothing will be the same. Cars will fly, and we go to the end of the universe.' We have this kind of naive but exciting idea of the future. Now, the vision has been reduced to ways to select our garbage and how to survive global warming.
T.S. Eliot|Time for you and time for me,	And time yet for a hundred indecisions,	And for a hundred visions and revisions,	Before the taking of a toast and tea.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|Telling the truth may cause a few seconds of pain, but there's no medicine that can manage the pain of keeping lies.
Philip Rieff, The Triumph of the Therapeutic: Uses of Faith after Freud|He is Your Customer, the Reason behind Your Customs.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Sometimes, in a summer morning,having taken my accustomed bath, I sat in my sunny doorway from sunrisetill noon, rapt in a revery, amidst the pines and hickories and sumachs,in undisturbed solitude and stillness, while the birds sing around orflitted noiseless through the house, until by the sun falling in atmy west window, or the noise of some traveller's wagon on the distanthighway, I was reminded of the lapse of time. I grew in those seasonslike corn in the night, and they were far better than any work of thehands would have been. They were not time subtracted from my life, butso much over and above my usual allowance. I realized what the Orientalsmean by contemplation and the forsaking of works. For the most part, Iminded not how the hours went. The day advanced as if to light somework of mine; it was morning, and lo, now it is evening, and nothingmemorable is accomplished.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|This advice, although good, was totally inapplicable to my case.
Rick Riordan|Remind me again-why do you hate me so much?"I don't hate you."Could've fooled me."She folded her cap of invisibility. "Look...we're just not supposed to get along, okay? Our parents are rivals."Why?"She sighed. "How many reasons do you want? One time my mom caught Poseidon with his girlfriend in Athena's temple, which is hugely disrespectful. Another time, Athena and Poseidon competed to be the patron god for the city of Athens. Your dad created some stupid saltwater spring for his gift. My mom created the olive tree. The people saw that her gift was better, so they named the city after her."They must really like olives."Oh, forge
Tanya Masse|I wish to get you out of my veins, but you are my third skin; I can't rub you off.
Criss Jami, Healology|Inside of you is your love, not beside you. She is just there to remind you of where you placed her heart.
Nick Hornby, About a Boy|There were about seventy-nine squillion people in the world, and if you were very lucky, you would end up being loved by fifteen or twenty of them.
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Don't You Dare Read This, Mrs. Dunphrey|Growing up feels like your skin no longer fits. Like you just want to crawl out of that thinly stretched space and lay down in the grass and sob for hours. Instead, I am in a cafe eating lunch and trying not to scream. Looking around wondering if anyone else in this building is doing the same thing, wondering if they ever have and, if so, how they got through it. Maybe I would calm down if I just had the assurance that other people have looked in the mirror and no longer recognized themselves. Maybe if I could sit across the table from an elderly woman and have her tell me that she lived through days where the covers over her head felt even better than an embrace and weeks where she drank her tears to keep from wetting her shirt sleeves, but that those years shaped her into an iron skeleton with a tender heart. That “worth it” was an understatement. Maybe then I would feel okay.
William Faulkner, As I Lay Dying|402Emotional position is part of it, but as an individual you are not your emotions, neither are you your intellect. These are things that you have . They're not things that you are . Therefore you have to start to become aware of the different requirements that human beings have, the different areas that they like to be satisfied in. Which means becoming aware of yourself. I mean, as a writer you're gonna have to understand pretty much the whole universe. But the best place to start is by understanding the inner universe. The entire universe – for one thing – only exists in your perceptions. That's all you're gonna see of it. To all practical intents and purposes this is purely some kind of lightshow that's being put on in the kind of neurons in our brain. The whole of reality. So. To understand the universe there's worse advice than that which was carved above the shrine of the Delphi oracle. Where it just said: “Know thyself”. Understand yourself. Know thyself is a magical goal, but like I say to me there is very little difference between magic and creative art in any sense – the laws of one apply perfectly well to the other.
Ludivine Sagnier|Someone told me that when they go to Vermont, they feel like they're home. I'm that way at Saks.
Richard DuFour|the fundamental purpose of school is learning, not teaching.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Today is a new chapter in the story of your life. While you're holding the pen, what will you write? Now, is your time to shine! Will you continue holding the pen? Or, will you express yourself from deep within?
Søren Kierkegaard|I am looking for someone to share in an adventure that I am arranging, and it's very difficult to find anyone.' I should think so — in these parts! We are plain quiet folk and have no use for adventures. Nasty disturbing uncomfortable things! Make you late for dinner!
R.v.m.|I would rather live 10 years doing what I Love, than drag through Life 50 years, hating every day I Live.-RVM
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I recall the Scriptures into my mind, therefore, I have hope.
Saša Stanišić, How the Soldier Repairs the Gramophone|...someone ought to invent a tool, a kind of plane to shave the lies away from stories and deception away from memories. I'm a collector of shavings.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|Bodily agitation, then, is an enemy to the spirit. And by agitation I do not necessarily mean exercise or movement. There is all the difference in the world between agitation and work.Work occupies the body and the mind and is necessary for the health of the spirit. Work can help us to pray and be recollected if we work properly. Agitation, however, destroys the spiritual usefulness of work and even tends to frustrate its physical and social purpose. Agitation is the useless and ill-directed action of the body. It expresses the inner confusion of a soul without peace. Work brings peace to the soul that has a semblance of order and spiritual understanding. It helps the soul to focus upon its spiritual aims and to achieve them. But the whole reason for agitation is to hide the soul from itself, to camouflage its interior conflicts and their purposelessness, and to induce a false feeling that 'we are getting somewhere'.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|But there's something missing in them, even the nice ones. It's like they're permanently absent-minded, like that can't quite remember who they are.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|Everything I am longing for - peace of mind, contentment, grace, the inner awareness of my abundance - will surely be mine... when I am prepared to receive ALL with an open and Thankful heart.
C.S. Lewis, Till We Have Faces|And for all I can tell, the only difference is that what many see we call a real thing, and what only one sees we call a dream. But things that many see may have no taste or moment in them at all, and things that are shown only to one may be spears and water-spouts of truth from the very depth of truth.
Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace Who You Are|Faith is a place of mystery, where we find the courage to believe in what we cannot see and the strength to let go of our fear of uncertainty.
Peter Kreeft, Making Choices: Practical Wisdom for Everyday Moral Decisions|Honesty is a moral virtue, a matter of the will. Honesty means willing the truth with the whole of your heart. This demands sacrifice. We have little hope of attaining honesty unless we realize how demanding it is. It demands sacrifice of self-will, self-image, the desire to win, and the comfort of being right.The “honesty” often praised today is usually only emotional honesty with others, not intellectual honesty with one’s self; only “letting it all hang out,” not asking what is the real truth. Sometimes “honesty” is only a code word for shamelessness. Rarely does it mean the absolute, fanatical, selfless love of truth.
Temitope Owosela|Hope and faith goes hand-in-hand, because without hope there is no faith. The same goes with want and needs, without any wants, there no need to have a need
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Mind you, the effectiveness of one hunter’s gun does not determine the number of bush meats the other hunter will kill. You got to be yourself. Be you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When the fire is lighted within your soul, can't help it, but to burn.
Kayla Krantz, Alive at Sunset|The adjuration to be "normal" seems shockingly repellent to me; I see neither hope nor comfort in sinking to that low level. I think it is ignorance that makes people think of abnormality only with horror and allows them to remain undismayed at the proximity of "normal" to average and mediocre. For surely anyone who achieves anything is, a priori, abnormal.
Cybill Cain, Haunted|He was so big he made my sofa seem more like a loveseat. He was so at ease with himself and his body that I found it hard to reconcile him with the awkward teenager that had stolen my heart. He was so fucking beautiful, it took my breath away.
César Chávez|Nearly half of all associational memberships are church-religious context. Religious worshipers and people who say religion is very important to them are much more likely than other persons to visit friends, to entertain at home, to attend club meetings, and to belong to sports groups; professional and academic societies; school service groups; youth groups; service clubs; hobby or garden clubs; literary, art, discussion, and study groups; school fraternities and sororities; farm organization; political clubs; nationality groups; and other miscellaneous groups.
Kudrat Dutta Chaudhary, Laiza- Sometimes the end is only a Beginning|But whenever tragedy strikes, one is left either to die or with a plethora of ifs and buts to ponder over.
Robert Zaretsky, A Life Worth Living: Albert Camus and the Quest for Meaning|In every guilty man, there is an element of innocence. This is what makes any absolute condemnation revolting. We do not think enough about pain" Albert Camus
Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical|Only Jesus would be crazy enough to suggest that if you want to become the greatest, you should become the least. Only Jesus would declare God's blessing on the po0r rather than on the rich and would insist that it's not enough to just love your friends. I just began to wonder if anybody still believed Jesus meant those things he said.
Zoë S. Roy, Butterfly Tears|It's one thing to put on your nation's uniform to give your life for your country. But to dress up in black-market khakis and head into battle in a borrowed bush hat, armed only with a Nikon camera, 10 rolls of film and notebook, is definitely another thing.
Lemony Snicket, The Austere Academy|Mrs. Hanks taught that everybody’s bodies were exactly the same. She was ignorant and didn't think much about things, but she was teaching her students to be ignorant too. She was teaching them the wrong thing.
Emmet Fox|If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world.
Lewis Carroll|Then you should say what you mean," the March Hare went on. "I do," Alice hastily replied; "at least--at least I mean what I say--that's the same thing, you know." "Not the same thing a bit!" said the Hatter. "You might just as well say that "I see what I eat" is the same thing as "I eat what I see"!
TheWolfmyinnerSoul - Arven|If your dreams rely on how others deal with you, then you must change those patterns you have control over. The ones within yourself. Make sure you have thought things through and created alternative plans in case others do no react the way you hope they will. Rose colored glasses are great when used to change your view of the negativity around you. But they can be dangerous when you refuse to look at the negative patterns you yourself feed energy into.
Liza Minnelli|Dreaming or awake, we perceive only events that have meaning to us.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|It was one of those moments—which sometimes occur only at the interval of years—when a man's moral aspect is faithfully revealed to his mind's eye. Not improbably, he had never before viewed himself as he did now.
Edie Littlefield Sundby, The Mission Walker: I was given three months to live...|This story is not about avoiding death, but living life.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Truth in the human world, is constructed, defined and then reconstructed by the human self.
Richard Dawkins, The Blind Watchmaker: Why the Evidence of Evolution Reveals a Universe Without Design|...quantum problems unseat many classical ideas about matter, causality, and change that biologists use, and that disruption in turn entails radical revisions to the ideas about the mechanism in evolution, in ways we don't yet acknowledge.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|Honor is not in killing love. Rather, honor is in giving birth to love, in being the cupid in a love story.
Holly Hood, Prison of Paradise|You need to grow up, and realize what it is you need right now, and what you can live without.
Rachel Carson, Silent Spring|It must be noted that the non-aggression alone can never be the starting point in justifying moral behavior or serving as a fundamental principle of ethics. There must be a justification of the non-aggression principle before such a case can be made. The very implication of the term “principle” implies that non-aggression serves as the foundation for a system of ethics, which it cannot be. It is certainly not an axiom since it is not a self-evident truth.
Andrew Walls|Baseball is too much of a sport to be called a business, and too much of a business to be called a sport.
Ashley Graham|Don’t fall into the trap of sacrificing your self-esteem for affection and acceptance. No matter what your size, you are a sexy goddess. Remember that.
Authur Rubinstein|Happiness is when you are content with who you are, what you are, and where you are.
Brandi Salazar, Faerie Tales: The Misfortune of a Teenage Socialite|Will that be all?” I asked the pimply faced teen who ogled my exposed legs as if in heat. My pen tapped impatiently on the notepad while I waited for him to look up. Slowly his dull grey eyes roved over my body and a limp smile drew up his thin, crusted lips making him look more weasel than human. “Yep. That’d be it,” his cheerful, adolescent voice cracked.“Great,” I mumbled, walking back behind the counter.
Dana Frank, Local Girl Makes History: Exploring Northern California's Kitsch Monuments|If the story-tellers could ha' got decency and good morals from true stories, who'd have troubled to invent parables?
Brad Feld|Stress on fast growing companies comes from a lot of different places. The one that is often the largest, and creates the most second-order issues, is the composition of the leadership team. More specifically, it's specific people on the leadership who don't have the scale experience their role requires at a particular moment in time.
Phindiwe Nkosi, Behind the Hospital|Like my loved one, I am convinced that we all have critical conditions. Battles that we undertake behind the hospitals, in lonely alleys, secret locations and sometimes public places that are out of reach to those who seem to care.
Alexander McCall Smith, The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency|When he saw the vista of the street reflected in the mirror in which he was looking, he was terror stricken. He had the impression that the whole view had turned into eyes that reproached him.
Phillip Cary, Good News for Anxious Christians: Ten Practical Things You Don't Have to Do|I didn't respond to him. Couldn't speak at all. Couldn't look at his self-mutilation--not even the clean, bandaged version of it. Instead, I looked at my own rough, stained house painter's hand. They seemed more like puppets than hands. I had no feelings in it either.
Charles Stanley|We have peace with Israel. We're actually the last man standing. So there is going to be immense pressure and people asking, 'Why are we having this relationship when it's not benefiting anybody?' Obviously, my answer is you always benefit from peace.
peter irabor|Our Body function in unity,to get things done.The body of the world should learn from out body.
Dale Carnegie|Insomnia is a variant of Tourette's--the waking brain races, sampling the world after the world has turned away, touching it everywhere, refusing to settle, to join the collective nod. The insomniac brain is a sort of conspiracy theorist as well, believing too much in its own paranoiac importance--as though if it were to blink, then doze, the world might be overrun by some encroaching calamity, which its obsessive musings are somehow fending off.
Ryan Lilly, #Networking is people looking for people looking for people|A personal brand, once local and temporal, is now global and forever. That’s the blessing and the curse of the internet with regards to your reputation.
Edward Schillebeeckx, Jesus In Our Western Culture: Mysticism, Ethics And Politics|Although we cannot attain Jesus in his fullness unless at the same time we also take into account his unique relationship with God which has a special nature of its own, this does not of itself mean that Jesus' unique way of life is the only way to God. For even Jesus not only reveals God but also conceals him, since he appeared among us in non-godlike, creaturely humanity. As man he is a historical, contingent being who in no way can represent the full riches of God... unless one denies the reality of his real humanity (and that runs counter to the consensus of the church). So the gospel itself forbids us to speak of a Christian religious imperialism and exclusivism.
Robert Lynn Asprin, Little Myth Marker|They never let you live it down. One little mistake!"- Nero
Claudia Gray, Ten Thousand Skies Above You|In addition to my brother’s contribution on feminism, may I add that some women have hijacked the campaign and turned it on its head. Instead of the campaign being about unloading the wicked guns that have constantly harmed women in our society or stunted their growth, these charlatans have made it a case of wrestling the guns from the men and directing it to the men with a lethal intention. This cannot be the goal of feminism. Feminism must be about wrestling these guns from the hands of their damned wielders and unloading it for the peaceful co-existence of both sexes and the development and creation of a harmonious and evenly arranged world.
Alain de Botton, The News: A User's Manual|On account of its scale and complexity, the world will always outstrip the capacity of any single body to ask fertile questions of it.
J. Don Cook, Shooting from the Hip: Photographs and Essays|From books, I winnowed the glue that held together my psyche as it struggled to stay whole. It was from stories and myths that I learned to dream, to imagine a different life, to realize potentials and probabilities other than those of the painful, poverty-mired existence I found myself in as a child. With a book I could hide in a corner, safe from the heavy hand and belt of my stepfather, and for a while not worry about where our next meal would come from, or where we would be sleeping that night, or when my mother would break and have to be sent yet again to the mental institution. Books, for me, we tiny life rafts that I clung to desperately.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|There is something powerful in the whispering of obscenities, about those in power. There's something delightful about it, something naughty, secretive, forbidden, thrilling. It's like a spell, of sorts. It deflates them, reduces them to the common denominator where they can be dealt with.
Adrian Rogers|They only asked for punishments that fitted their crimes. Not ones that came like cupboards with built-in bedrooms. Not ones you spent your whole life in, wandering through its maze of shelves.
Lily Amis, Angel of Hope & Lily: Featuring Monsieur Jac Couture|Love is the most precious gift in life. Be grateful for all the love and support you get from your parents, your family and friends. Because nothing is as precious as receiving true and devoted love" - Monsieur Jac Couture
Ivan Turgenev, Fathers and Sons|I want everything or nothing. A life for a life, taking one and giving up another without hesitation and beyond recall. Or else better have nothing!
Melyssa Winchester, Holding on to Heaven|Because any guilt the sizeof a speck of dust, or shame,can crush even the best of men,in mountains of weight
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|Because just as all political and historical change sooner or later disappoints, so does adulthood. So does life. Sometimes I think the purpose of life is to reconcile us to its eventual loss by wearing us down, by proving, however long it takes, that life isn´t all it´s cracked up to be.
Paul Miller, A Praying Life|One uses power by grasping it lightly. To grasp too strongly is to be taken over by power, and thus to become its victim.
Laini Taylor, Days of Blood & Starlight|As long as you're alive, there's always a chance things will get better.
Richard N. Bolles, What Color Is Your Parachute? 2012: A Practical Manual for Job-Hunters and Career-Changers|Hope can give you wings, persistence, and energy. If you’re out of work, and want to stay upbeat, thengreet the sunrise, go for a walk, count your blessings, listen to beautiful music, drink more water thanusual, eat simpler, exercise more, laugh with your family and friends, watch cartoons, take naps in thedaytime if you can’t sleep well at night, but for heaven’s sakes, don’t obsess about depressing statistics.Just determine to find alternatives for everything you are doing about your job-hunt and your life. Youwant to be the exception to whatever the odds are, about anything. Hold on to Hope, and you can beatthose odds.
Elizabeth Wurtzel|But day after day of depression, the kind that doesn’t seem to merit carting me off to a hospital but allows me to sit here on this stoop in summer camp as if I were normal, day after day wearing down everybody who gets near me. My behavior seems, somehow, not acute enough for them to know what to do with me, though I’m just enough of a mess to be driving everyone around me crazy.
Debbie K. Lum, Plebeian Revealed|Welcome," the man said in utter contradiction to his urban street clothes. He eyed the vibrator in Cooper's hand but whatever his thoughts were on a guy wielding a vibrator, he kept to himself. "I'll get some candles.
David Arnold|We are, each of us, hopeless hopers.
Kat Yeh|If hunger could please God, millions hadn't starved to death.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|If you can choose your way into a cage, you can choose your way out.
Constance Zimmer|Thom Browne, Michael Bastian... all these people that I love, when I finally get to meet them, I'm like, 'You're a cool guy!'
Debasish Mridha|The power of attraction is the attractive power of thoughts, imaginations, and love.
Anthony Kiedis, Scar Tissue|I sucked that smoke in and made it part of me, joined mystically with the universe right at that point, said Yes to drugs forever just by the unique hit I got from that one packet of fags Andy liberated from his dad. It was a revelation, an epiphany; a sudden realisation that it was possible for matter - something there in front of you, in your hand, in your lungs, in your pocket - to take your brain apart and reassemble it in ways you hadn't thought of previously. This was better than religion, or this was what people meant by religion! The whole point was that this worked! People said Believe In God or Do Well At School or Buy This or Vote For Me or whatever, but nothing ever worked the way substances worked, nothing ever fucking delivered the way they did. They were truth. Everything else was falsehood.
Janet G Nestor|All things are a living message from creation to mankind; all things, even the smallest blade of grass or the smallest insect. Each carries its own message about life and has an understanding of its role and what it is to accomplish during its lifetime.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With self-confidence and self-commitment, you will realise your dream.
Lynne Truss|When you analyze happiness, it turns out that the way you spend your time is extremely important.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|But they told me a man should be faithful, and walk when not able, and fight till the end but I'm only Human.
Zachary Quinto|The land is ours. It's not European and we have taken it, we have given it to the rightful people... Those of white extraction who happen to be in the country and are farming are welcome to do so, but they must do so on the basis of equality.
Criss Jami|Heresy would like to think of itself as 'invented Truth'. But of course, all Reason and Logic would agree that no man can ever create Truth; he can only discover it. If heresy were ever at all beneficial, God would use it really to bring one right back to Truth, as countless 'inventions' have brought men to discovery.
Chris   Howard|In general, I would think that at present prose writers are much in advance of the poets. In the old days, I read more poetry than prose, but now it is in prose where you find things being put together well, where there is great ambition, and equal talent. Poets have gotten so careless, it is a disgrace. You can’t pick up a page. All the words slide off.
John Varvatos|You gotta have fun. Regardless of how you look at it, we're playing a game. It's a business, it's our job, but I don't think you can do well unless you're having fun.
John Lanchester, The Debt to Pleasure|In all memory there is a degree of fallenness; we are all exiles from our own pasts, just as, on looking up from a book, we discover anew our banishment from the bright worlds of imagination and fantasy. A cross-channel ferry, with its overfilled ashtrays and vomiting children, is as good a place as any to reflect on the angel who stands with a flaming sword in front of the gateway to all our yesterdays.
Kishore Bansal|She tried to think of the right thing to say - something that would make him leave her alone. If she said she could defend herself he'd want her to prove it. But if she said she couldn't defend herself, then he'd take her out there to learn. This is so messed up.
Chad Hurley|When I started running cross-country and track in high school, literally every race was a failure.
Sunday Adelaja|Worldly ease is a great foe to faith; it loosens the joints of holy valour, and snaps the sinews of sacred courage. The balloon never rises until the cords are cut; affliction doth this sharp service for believing souls.
Simon R. Green, Deathstalker Rebellion|What the hell are you doing here? You weren't on the guest list. Hell, you people aren't on anybody's guest list. If you turned up at a funeral, the corpse would walk out on you.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Emile or On Education|One of the cleverest and most insidious twists in the whole sorry tale is the way women are double bound by a gender-biased definition of professionalism and the threat of being labeled "whining.
Meredith Ann Pierce, The Son of Summer Stars|Flame is not the only fire.” Her tone turned almost stern. “You have brought your folk another spark far greater than any flame. You have opened their eyes to the world, Aljan, shown them lands and peoples formerly beyond their ken. You have whistled them out of their cramped, closed, inward-facing ring and led them into my Dance, the Great Circle and Cycle encompassing all. <…> Nay, flame has not been the greatest of my gifts to you. Knowledge, Aljan, that even now remakes the world. Knowledge is the fire.
Gouverneur Morris|They (the French) have taken genius instead of reason for their guide, adopted experiment instead of experience, and wander in the dark because they prefer lightning to light.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Being thankful for the things we take for granted, is worth taking pause to understand that they can be taken away within a moment.
Katee Robert, Meeting His Match|I love you, music man. You are my happily ever after.
Voltaire|It's a real lightning bolt, this Science of Phrenology. I've found out more in the last three days than I knew in my whole life before. Mrs. Guilbert has always been a nasty one, but now I know that she can't help it—she's got a big pit in her Benevolence spot. She fell in the quarry when she was a girl, and my guess is she cracked her Benevolence and was never the same since.
Mensah Oteh|Life is supposed to be exciting, so journey through each day collecting moments and celebrating the right ones.
Tony Curl|Where you are and what you have been through has you perfectly placed to move forward. Stronger, braver, wiser.
Courtney Milan|Jenny: You didn't leave?Gareth: Of course I left. I was hungry, and I couldn't find anything to eat. I bought a loaf and some cheese. And oranges. Wait. You mean you thought I had left. Without saying a word to you. Would I do that?(Jenny nodded)Gareth: Damn it. You know better than most I'm no good at these things but even I am not that bad. Really, Jenny. Why would you believe such a thing of me?Jenny: I don't know, Maybe because you once told me all you wanted from me was a good shag?Gareth: I said that? (he looked surprised, then contemplative. Then apparently, he remembered and winced) God. I said that? Why did you even touch me?
H. L. Mencken|To imagine is everything, to know is nothing at all.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|Elinor agreed to it all, for she did not think he deserved the compliment of rational opposition.
Robert Collier|Confidence is at the root of so many attractive qualities, a sense of humor, a sense of style, a willingness to be who you are no matter what anyone else might think or say and it's true, I do have a certain fondness for women that have dark hair.
Víctor del Árbol|Will you, then, never grow weary of being unjust?
Anton Szandor LaVey, The Secret Life of a Satanist: The Authorized Biography of Anton LaVey|As the war progresses, and as population increases to an even more intolerable level stretching resources to impossible lengths, the strong will begin fighting for their very survival. That’s what we’re seeing right now. Society will become more and more stratified into the people who aren’t buying the bullshit in society and those who blindly follow where they are led. Satanists, freethinkers, are a burgeoning minority cause. We have an illness that needs to be recognized just like alcoholism, handicaps, addictive behaviors and AIDS. We suffer from a disease called independence — a pathological aversion to regimentation and institutionalism — which prevents us from getting ‘regular’ jobs and living a ‘normal’ life.
Jayson Engay|The world may be against us, but this love we have is enough to put this world beneath us.
Robin Williams|Going to the woods is going home, for I suppose we came from the woods originally. But in some of nature's forests, the adventurous traveler seems a feeble, unwelcome creature; wild beasts and the weather trying to kill him, the rank, tangled vegetation, armed with spears and stinging needles, barring his way and making life a hard struggle.
G.E. Moore, Principia Ethica|...if good is defined as something else, it is then impossible either to prove that any other definition is wrong or even to deny such definition.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|Bad news, Harry. I've just been to see Professor McGonagall about the Firebolt. She – er, got a bit shirty with me. Told me I'd got my priorities wrong. Seemed to think I cared more about winning the Cup than I do about staying alive. Just because I told her I didn't care if it threw you off, as long as you caught the Snitch first.
IRVIN D.YALOM|Dying, however, is lonely, the loneliest event of life. Dying not only separates you from others but also exposes you to a second, even more frightening form of loneliness: separation from the world itself.
Sunday Adelaja|Discouragement leads away from the right path, and accomplishes the devil’s desire for destruction
Philip Roscoe|Rand had changed a number of laws in Tear, especially those that weighed heavily on the poor, but he had been unable to change everything. He had not even known how to begin. Lews Therin began to maunder on about taxes and money creating jobs, but he might as well have been spilling out words at random for all the sense he made.
Brynn Myers, The Life & Death of Jorja Graham|Do you have any idea how maddening it's been envisioning you in the lingerie that matches those shoes?"...	"Corbin, I'm serious."	"I'm sure you are but that is my final offer. Take it or leave it and if you chose the latter, I will let this home sit empty and fall into disrepair until you finally come around."	I closed my eyes and sighed, "That's really not fair."	"Anything is fair when I'm trying my level best to get you to fall in love with me...."	I kissed him gently on the lips and walked away from him but just as I reached the hall, I turned back to see him watching me. "Oh, and if we're NOT playing fair, then maybe you should know I'm not wearing any underwear.
Pedro Arrupe, Pedro Arrupe: Essential Writings|Teach me your way of looking at people:as you glanced at Peter after his denial,as you penetrated the heart of the rich young manand the hearts of your disciples.I would like to meet you as you really are,since your image changes those with whom you come into contact.Remember John the Baptist’s first meeting with you?And the centurion’s feeling of unworthiness?And the amazement of all those who saw miracles and other wonders?How you impressed your disciples,the rabble in the Garden of Olives,Pilate and his wifeand the centurion at the foot of the cross. . . .I would like to hear and be impressedby your manner of speaking,listening, for example, to your discourse in the synagogue in Capharnaumor the Sermon on the Mount where your audience felt you “taught as one who has authority.
Sandra Chami Kassis|In the dark , everything is scary
oliver mally|You wanted a peaceful, comfortable Christmas, with all reminders of poverty, injustice, or other people's griefs well out of sight, so as not to disturb your pleasure. That isn't what Christmas is about, Wallace. Christmas is about offering hope to all people, not just those like ourselves. Christmas is about everyone: rich or poor, friend or stranger. The moment you exclude anyone, you exclude yourself.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|...I will not allow books to prove any thing.""But how shall we prove any thing?""We never shall.
Edwidge Danticat, Breath, Eyes, Memory|They are the people of creation. Their maker…gives them the sky to carry because they are so strong. These people do not know who they are, but if you see a lot of trouble in your life, it is because you were chosen to carry part of the sky on your head.
Nicholas Hochstedler, War in October|Well old man, I guess freedom's a continuum.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|It’s fascinating. You know all these words, and they’re all English, but when you string them together into sentences, they just don’t make any sense.
Jim Carrey|I've come to accept that parts of life are constant, that just because something happens on two different days doesn't make it a goddamn miracle.
Hugo Hamilton, The Speckled People: A Memoir of a Half-Irish Childhood|Maybe your country is only a place you make up in your own mind. Something you dream about and sing about. Maybe it's not a place on the map at all, but just a story full of people you meet and places you visit, full of books and films you've been to. I'm not afraid of being homesick and having no language to live in. I don't have to be like anyone else. I'm walking on the wall and nobody can stop me.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|Every evening I sat on the music-stool and wrote down my day, and it was as if I, Anna, were nailing Anna to the page. Every day I shaped Anna, said: Today I got up at seven, cooked breakfast for Janet, sent her to school, etc. etc., and felt as if I had saved that day from chaos. Yet now I read those entries and feel nothing. I am increasingly afflicted by vertigo where words mean nothing. Words mean nothing. They have become, when I think, not the form into which experience is shaped, but a series of meaningless sounds, like nursery talk, and away to one side of experience. Or like the sound track of a film that has slipped its connection with the film. When I am thinking I have only to write a phrase like ‘I walked down the street’, or take a phrase from a newspaper, ‘economic measures which lead to the full use of …’ and immediately the words dissolve, and my minds starts spawning images which have nothing to do with the words, so that every word I see or hear seems like a small raft bobbing about on an enormous sea of images. So I can’t write any longer. Or only when I write fast, without looking back at what I have written. For if I look back, then the words swim and have no sense and I am conscious only of me, Anna, as a pulse in a great darkness, and the words that I, Anna, write down are nothing, or like the secretions of a caterpillar that are forced out in ribbons to harden in the air.
Lao Tzu|I am a leader by default, only because nature does not allow a vacuum.
James Fenton|Poetry, especially traditional Iranian poetry, is very good at looking at things from a number of different angles simultaneously.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In Christ Jesus, we are bound to be free.
Miranda Kerr|True health infuses positive energy in the mind, body and spirit; it is a main focus in my life.
Katie Reus, Chasing Danger|He was so damn sexy, with beautiful bronzed skin that showed off his Mediterranean heritage.
Avery Flynn, His Undercover Princess|With an embarrassingly little amount of effort on his part, he twisted the Glock out of her fingers and flung it across the drive..."Going so soon?" he asked."The company isn't to my liking.
Julia Gregson, East of the Sun|You're late.""Sorry. I was busy talking about my feelings and killing people.
Scott Hammerle, Lessons from the Castle: My Journey From Prince Charming to Executive Level Leader and How You Can Find The Legendary Leader Within|Sometimes servant leaders focus on the servitude part and forget the leader part. Great leadership isn't about abdication of power, it about the benevolent application of that power.
Hossmith|If you can't be happy, Make someone else happy! :)
Brian D. McLaren|Let tears gather in your eyes. You haven’t tears enough for what you’ve done to me. Six more mortal years, seven, eight…I might have had that shape!’ Her pointed finger flew at Madeleine, whose hands had risen to her face, whose eyes were clouded over. Her moan was almost Claudia’s name. But Claudia did not hear her. ‘Yes, that shape, I might have known what it was to walk at your side.
Haritha Velpureddy|Unknowns in life are adventures, avoid calling them fears.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|She logged in and read a few of her old posts, smiling at the issues she had raged about and shaking her head at how some of the rants now seemed pretentious and judgmental. She had grown so much without even realizing she had. Mythili typed out the draft, spicing it up subtly and after a last read, she published it. Admiring the brand new post on her main page, she realized she missed writing. She had barely written anything since her last by-line. Typing this out, she felt like she was back with a long-lost friend who understood her. It was like snuggling up in a warm blanket when a thunderstorm raged outside.
Michael Muhammad Knight|One could say that my view legitimately fuses the end-time messianic expectations of all three Abrahamic religions: Judaism, Islam, and Christianity!
Monica Johnson|Gerard and I pretty much share all parenting responsibilities, although I'm definitely the disciplinarian.
Camille Claudel|I have fallen into an abyss. I live in a world so curious, so strange. Of the dream that was my life, this is my nightmare.
N.D. Wilson, Notes From The Tilt-A-Whirl: Wide-Eyed Wonder in God's Spoken World|Earth stuff, Mars boy.
Soheir Khashoggi, Nadia's Song|I believe that, in this country, the press exerts a greater and a more pernicious influence than the church did in its worst period. We are not a religious people, but we are a nation of politicians.
Alexander Chee|Don't fret, boy. I'm not so foolish as to ridicule the myths and legends of other people. For countless generations, people, no matter where they're from, have been trying to understand this world of ours.
Lailah GiftyAkita|In all areas of your life, look for the multiplier opportunities where you can go a little further, push yourself a little harder, last a little longer, prepare a little better, and deliver a little bit more. Where can you do better and more than expected? When can you do the totally unexpected? Find as many opportunities for 'WOW,' and the level and speed of your accomplishments will astonish you... and everyone else around you.
Christian Lander, Stuff White People Like: A Definitive Guide to the Unique Taste of Millions|Oh my lovely princess,"Raoden whispered. "You probably mean well, but handing these people food is the worst thing you could do to them."-Brandon Sanderson(Elantris)
Bryant A. Loney|You do not need to be temperamental or upset to be a novelist. Don’t embrace the tortured artist rhetoric that any life difficulties might serve to benefit and enhance your writing. That’s damaging. Counterintuitive. Writing can be so incredibly lonely, and when you’re alone with your thoughts for long enough to produce a hundred thousand words of your own headspace, it can be scary. Suffering is not good for your art. Mental health care is. So talk to someone other than your future readers about the problems you are facing. Someone you know and trust. There is no shame in asking for help.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg|When they have discovered truth in nature they fling it into a book, where it is even worse hands.
Jim Elliot|Having to wake up at seven and go take the subway every morning, having to get over there with all these commuters and see every possible face of humanity and realizing that you're just the same as these other people is actually an amazingly positive thing.
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals|...[P]hysics... [is] the philosophy of nature, so far as it is based on empirical laws.
Jessica Lemmon, If You Dare|You’re killing me in this proper little suit,” he said, skating a heated look over her shirt. “My place or yours?” She swallowed thickly, the hand against his chest beginning to sweat. “I-I’m busy.” “You’re gonna be,” he said, smiling. “Need to know what bed you’re gonna be in, though. Bringing my A game.” “Don’t you think—?” “About you underneath me? Only every other minute. Now answer me, or else I’ll throw you on the nearest desk.” Heat burst onto her cheeks. He noticed. “Oh, really?” He smiled down at her.
Bear Grylls|The 'Bird's Nest' National Stadium, which I helped to conceive, is designed to embody the Olympic spirit of 'fair competition.' It tells people that freedom is possible but needs fairness, courage and strength.
Sunday Adelaja|It’s not enough to love your product. You have to love your customers, too, every single one—those who complain the most are the ones who control the keys to your survival.
Olga Núñez Miret, The Man Who Never Was|His eyes, green with yellow sparks, and with elongated pupils like a cat’s, made his grandmother gasp and say: ‘Jesus! He has the devil’s eyes!
R.J. Larson, King|I give you my word, Prophet, I'll heed the warning. Don't worry-it's only one day." "Yes, but this will be the longest separation we've faced since our wedding." Kien chuckled. "Poor love. Again, don't worry. I'll think of you every other instant." He sealed his pledge with kisses, coaxing Ela to set aside her fears and lose herself in his embrace.
Libba Bray, Rebel Angels|Enclose your heart in times of need with the steel of your determination and your strength. In doing this, all things will be bearable.
Pippa DaCosta, Darkest Before Dawn|But if you cross me again Akil, so-help-me, I’ll find a way to kill you this time.”His eyes lit up at the prospect, as though he’d accepted a challenge I didn’t even know I’d laid down. “I’d expect nothing less.” Demons; only they can get a cheap thrill from a death threat.
Paulo Coelho|Closing The CycleOne always has to know when a stage comes to an end. If we insist on staying longer than the necessary time, we lose the happiness and the meaning of the other stages we have to go through. Closing cycles, shutting doors, ending chapters - whatever name we give it, what matters is to leave in the past the moments of life that have finished.Did you lose your job? Has a loving relationship come to an end? Did you leave your parents' house? Gone to live abroad? Has a long-lasting friendship ended all of a sudden?You can spend a long time wondering why this has happened. You can tell yourself you won't take another step until you find out why certain things that were so important and so solid in your life have turned into dust, just like that. But such an attitude will be awfully stressing for everyone involved: your parents, your husband or wife, your friends, your children, your sister, everyone will be finishing chapters, turning over new leaves, getting on with life, and they will all feel bad seeing you at a standstill.None of us can be in the present and the past at the same time, not even when we try to understand the things that happen to us. What has passed will not return: we cannot for ever be children, late adolescents, sons that feel guilt or rancor towards our parents, lovers who day and night relive an affair with someone who has gone away and has not the least intention of coming back.Things pass, and the best we can do is to let them really go away. That is why it is so important (however painful it may be!) to destroy souvenirs, move, give lots of things away to orphanages, sell or donate the books you have at home. Everything in this visible world is a manifestation of the invisible world, of what is going on in our hearts - and getting rid of certain memories also means making some room for other memories to take their place.Let things go. Release them. Detach yourself from them. Nobody plays this life with marked cards, so sometimes we win and sometimes we lose. Do not expect anything in return, do not expect your efforts to be appreciated, your genius to be discovered, your love to be understood. Stop turning on your emotional television to watch the same program over and over again, the one that shows how much you suffered from a certain loss: that is only poisoning you, nothing else.Nothing is more dangerous than not accepting love relationships that are broken off, work that is promised but there is no starting date, decisions that are always put off waiting for the "ideal moment." Before a new chapter is begun, the old one has to be finished: tell yourself that what has passed will never come back. Remember that there was a time when you could live without that thing or that person - nothing is irreplaceable, a habit is not a need. This may sound so obvious, it may even be difficult, but it is very important.Closing cycles. Not because of pride, incapacity or arrogance, but simply because that no longer fits your life. Shut the door, change the record, clean the house, shake off the dust. Stop being who you were, and change into who you are.
Mao Zedong|War on the other hand is such a terrible thing, that no man, especially a Christian man, has the right to assume the responsibility of starting it.
Paolo Giordano|She cried aloud, with a great mourning cry for all that she had never known in this life, and the agony of a bereavement unguessed till this moment.
Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching|The secret to living a strong life is right in front of you, calling to you every day. It can be found in your emotional reaction to specific moments in your life.
Peter De Vries|There is a wonderful mythical law of nature that the three things we crave most in life -- happiness, freedom, and peace of mind -- are always attained by giving them to someone else.
Kevin Carey, The End of College: Creating the Future of Learning and the University of Everywhere|He gave her a smile that wasn’t really a smile at all. “Eh, it wouldn’t be so bad. I wouldn’t have to study for the SATs or get a summer job or figure out my major. I can drink Elderflower wine all day, dance all through the night, and sleep on a bower of roses.”Hazel made a face. “I’m pretty sure there are some colleges where you can do that. I bet there are some colleges where you can major in that.
Look Im A Cat|The Only Way You Can truly Know yourself, Is to Leave Your World And Experience Others.
Amity Shlaes|The name 'Seventh-day Adventist' carries the true features of our faith in front and will convict the inquiring mind. Like an arrow from the Lord's quiver, it will wound the transgressors of God's law, and will lead to repentance toward God, and faith in our Lord Jesus Christ.
Keiko Nobumoto|There was once a tiger-striped cat. This cat died a million deaths, and lived a million lives, and in those lives, various people owned him. None of those people he cared for. This cat was not afraid of death. One life, the cat became a stray cat, which meant it was free. And it met a white female cat. They became mates, and lived together. Time passed, the white cat passed away of old age. And the tiger- striped cat cried a million times. Eventually, the cat died again. But this time, it didn't come back to life.
Junot Diaz|As far back as the 1800s, people were moving to Florida to make their dreams come true.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar|You have to be able to center yourself, to let all of your emotions go. Don’t ever forget that you play with your soul as well as your body.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever holds the keys to house of knowledge, must open the door, for those who search for light of knowledge to enter.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|Hearing voices no one else can hear isn't a good sign, even in the wizarding world.
C. JoyBell C.|You can be the most beautiful person in the world and everybody sees light and rainbows when they look at you, but if you yourself don't know it, all of that doesn't even matter. Every second that you spend on doubting your worth, every moment that you use to criticize yourself; is a second of your life wasted, is a moment of your life thrown away. It's not like you have forever, so don't waste any of your seconds, don't throw even one of your moments away.
Gwen Hayes, So Over You|Maybe I grew up too fast, maybe that's my trouble. I feel so lost out here...hung up between two worlds; half-kid and half-adult, half-boy and half-girl. And sometimes it seems like I get the dirty side of both.
Bruce Lansky|Parenting: Nobody really wants the job, but everybody thinks they can do better.
Marty Rubin|There are 200,000 species of fly alone. So the void, the emptiness, must be in you.
Justin Kyle McFarlane Beau|The illusionists of quantity are performing sleights of hand wherever it concerns the topic of quality. A profession that went from being second in command under the throne, to outsourced to the cheapest external providers, is perhaps one of greatest conflicts of interest society faces today, not to mention the blatant disrespect of the people quality is intended for in the first place.Quality is about ascertaining the absolute best, for the sake of all involved. It therefore, is a lofty profession combining research, science, and morality to make the best judgements for today based on the history of the past in order to most adequately prepare for an ever oncoming future. Most importantly, quality removes personal preference that is not in the best interest of all people. Thus, anyone who would launch a war on quality can be considered an enemy of mankind, as they are would be purveyors of an ultimate breach of trust and security.Until the concept of quality is reinstituted as the governing advisor in all aspects of society, sychophants will chant "more" is "better". They will sell mediocrity at top dollar, and make top profits. Mediocrity should not be the accepted, celebrated standard, it should be the rudimentary blueprint for the greatest rollouts of progress ever marked in human history.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|A parabatai. Like he was. And Jace knew, too, what that faded rune meant: a parabatai whose other half was dead. He felt his sympathy leap toward Brother Zachariah, as he imagined himself without Alec, with only that faded rune to remind him where once he had been bonded to someone who knew all the best and worst parts of his soul.
Tom Robbins|Rules such as "Write what you know," and "Show, don't tell," while doubtlessly grounded in good sense, can be ignored with impunity by any novelist nimble enough to get away with it. There is, in fact, only one rule in writing fiction: Whatever works, works.
Akshay Dalvi|if you think she is amazing, you are the ordinary one ...
Dada Bhagwan|If one can exactly see the world ‘as it is’; if one can exactly see the ‘relative’ and the ‘real’, it is shukladhyan (contemplation as the Self, Pure Soul).
Vironika Tugaleva|Human beings are not separate from nature. We are nature. The beauty of the sunset is your own beauty. The power of the ocean is your power. We are inseparable from the beauty of the mountains, rivers, and forests that surround us. The more that you can allow your natural self to come out – to honour your natural beauty, your natural creativity, your natural thirst for leadership and compassion – the happier and healthier you’ll be.
David Drake, Patriots|History was a series of decisions about what to tell and a series of accidents about what survived after telling. Not truth, but a historian could search for truth, and the search was as worthy as any other human activity.
Eckhart Tolle|What will be left of all the fearing and wanting associated with your problematic life situation that every day takes up most of your attention? A dash, one or two inches long, between the date of birth and date of death on your gravestone.
Annemarie Schwarzenbach, All the Roads Are Open: The Afghan Journey|Perhaps my sense of reality is not very highly developed, perhaps I lack a sound and reassuring instinct for the solid facts of our earthly existence; I can’t always tell memories from dreams, and often I mistake dreams, coming to life again in colours, smells, sudden associations, with the eerie secret certainty of a past life from which time and space divide me no differently and no better than a light sleep in the early hours.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you don’t just want to live an ordinary life, then you will have to be intentional about converting all your time into that which you have been called to do.
Golda Meir|I believe that as women, we must commit ourselves to sustaining the progress made by our foremothers who fought so hard for women's equality and liberation.
Laurie R. King, The Beekeeper's Apprentice|Those who create are rare; those who cannot are numerous. Therefore, the latter are stronger.
James Chartrand|Would you have references?""I'm awfully sorry but I haven't. I just arrived in New York, and don't know a soul. Except you." I smiled but she didn't smile back. She stood hesitating, and I said, "It's true that I'm an escaped convict, an active counterfeiter, and occasional murderer. And I howl during the full of the moon. But I'm neat.
Owen   Jones|As Nobel laureate physicist Frank Wilczek has put it, "The answer to the ancient question, 'Why is there something rather than nothing?' would then be that 'nothing' is unstable." ... In short, the natural state of affairs is something rather than nothing. An empty universe requires supernatural intervention--not a full one. Only by the constant action of an agent outside the universe, such as God, could a state of nothingness be maintained. The fact that we have something is just what we would expect if there is no God.
Frank Chodorov|Voting, the be all and end all of modern democratic politicians, has become a farce, if indeed it was ever anything else. By voting, the people decide only which of the oligarchs preselected for them as viable candidates will wield the whip used to flog them and will command the legion of willing accomplices and anointed lickspittles who perpetrate the countless violations of the people’s natural rights. Meanwhile, the masters soothe the masses by assuring them night and day that they — the plundered and bullied multitudes who compose the electorate — are themselves the government.
Evangeline Walton, Witch House|Listen, child—if you’re at a party with a hundred people and one of them is the devil, he’ll be the last one you’d suspect.
Katie Kacvinsky, Still Point|Yes, he wanted to tell Krystof, it will hurt. Even if you don't get sick like them. It will hurt.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|Modern society is modern because of its mental cocktail of reasoning and compassion. Turn the compassion network in the brain off, and it will be a society of heartless robots. On the other hand, turn the reasoning network off, and it will be a society of dumb sentimental apes.
Debasish Mridha|The best journey of life that you can take is inside yourself to discover your new thoughts, new ideas, and new hopes.
Alan Watts|Then out spake brave Horatius  The captain of the gate: "To every man upon this earth Death cometh soon or late. And how can man die better Than facing fearful odds  For the ashes of his fathers And the temples of his gods?"
Abraham Lincoln|No, ancient astronauts did not build the pyramids - human beings built them, because they're clever and they work hard.
Baruch Spinoza, Ethics|There are normal times when it is wholly admirable to be steadfast, resolute, unconflicted, and therefore when integrity is unmistakenly a virtue. The person of integrity knows what to do, and does it. But as we have been exploring, there are also times when certainty and single-mindedness indicate something less admirable: a deafness to voices that should be heard or a blindness to aspects of a situation that need to be considered.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|But first you have to fight, to try other ways. If your life displeases you, my lad, try to change it. Don't give in to defeat so easily. Death is the only sure defeat. It is the end of everything.
Susan Howatch, Mystical Paths|The sad part was that everything I said was true but I was going about the healing in entirely the wrong way. As I was to be taught later, you can’t heal the sick by force-feeding them with ideas they’re not ready to accept; you can’t cure people by the simple imposition of your will. It’s the power of the Holy Spirit that heals, not the power of a would-be wonder-worker trying to play God.
Günter Grass|Now, through an act as simple as walking across a stage and collecting an empty plastic folder representing a degree, our stock had plummeted to nothing, the wretched leavings of some cosmic Ponzi scheme. A lifetime's worth of planning and training and delusion gone with the wind. Some of us were moving home to live free of charge in our parents' guest rooms, or if we were thin enough, heading west to try our luck in L.A.; others, to our collective horror, were being forced to work at actual jobs.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|in Detroit, in July of 1967, what happened was no less than a guerrilla uprising.The Second American Revolution.
Nancy Astor the Viscountess Astor|My vigour, vitality, and cheek repel me. I am the kind of woman I would run from.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Dark Bites|You look good as a Pirate." Erin"Ahoy, matey," he said, laying her back against the grass. "Me cap'n's ship needs a port." V' Aidan"Me cap'n's port needs a ship." Erin
Sunday Adelaja|Mary.” Turning at the soft sound of her name, she glanced behind herself. Then frowned. “Lassiter?” “I’m over here.” “Where?” She looked all around. “Why is your voice echoing?” “Chimney.” “What?” “I’m stuck in the fucking chimney.” She raced over to the fireplace and got on her hands and knees. Looking up into the dark flue, she shook her head. “Lass? What the hell are you doing up there?” His voice emanated from somewhere above her. “Don’t tell anyone, okay?” “What are you—” An arm came down. A very sooty arm that was encased in a red sleeve that had white trim. Or what had been white trim and which was now smudged with ash. “You’re stuck!” she exclaimed. “And thank God no one lit this fire!” “You’re telling me,” he muttered in his disembodied voice. “I had to blow out Fritz’s match like a hundred times before he gave up. Fuck, that sounds dirty. Anyway, just remind me never to try to be Santa for your kid, okay? I’m not doing this again, even for her.” Mary stretched a little farther in, but the logs on the hearth stopped her. “Lassiter. Why can’t you free yourself by dematerializing—” “I’m impaled on a hook that’s iron. I can’t go ghost. And will you just take this?” “Wha
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|That guys. Sideburns. You like him?"My back squirms. "You've asked me that before.""What I meant was," he says, flustered. "Your feelings haven't changed? Since you've been 
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|Magic is the art of thinking, not strength or language.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Memory, imagination, and passionately responding in accord with the deeply embedded impulse to act with decency are pliable mechanisms that we can employ to attain happiness.
Patrice Kindl|To become a filthy rich, first you need to be filthy.
Paul Reginald Siles|When you come to a fork in the road, be still, and see with your mind's eye. There you find the clarity you seek.
Janae Mitchell, For Always|I let ya in—into my life...my death...my heart." He reached up like he was going to touch my face. "And now I don't know how to get ya out.
Azim Premji|The way we finance homes in this country is slow, filled with middlemen, who run a nonstandardized evaluation process. This makes financing a home cumbersome and difficult.
Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood|We shouldn't have been so scornful; we should have had compassion. But compassion takes work, and we were young.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|We live in an age when the traditional great subjects - the human form, the landscape, even newer traditions such as abstract expressionism - are daily devalued by commercial art.
Truman Capote, Breakfast at Tiffany's|Good wombs have borne bad sons."-- (Miranda, I:2)
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger and Other Stories|There has never been a just [war], never an honorable one--on the part of the instigator of the war. I can see a million years ahead, and this rule will never change in so many as half a dozen instances. The loud little handful--as usual--will shout for the war. The pulpit will--warily and cautiously--object--at first; the great, big, dull bulk of the nation will rub its sleepy eyes and try to make out why there should be a war, and will say, earnestly and indignantly, 'It is unjust and dishonorable, and there is no necessity for it.' Then the handful will shout louder. A few fair men on the other side will argue and reason against the war with speech and pen, and at first will have a hearing and be applauded; but it will not last long; those others will outshout them, and presently the anti-war audiences will thin out and lose popularity. Before long you will see this curious thing: the speakers stoned from the platform, and free speech strangled by hordes of furious men who in their secret hearts are still at one with those stoned speakers--as earlier--but do not dare say so. And now the whole nation--pulpit and all--will take up the war-cry, and shout itself hoarse, and mob any honest man who ventures to open his mouth; and presently such mouths will cease to open. Next the statesmen will invent cheap lies, putting the blame upon the nation that is attacked, and every man will be glad of those conscience-soothing falsities, and will diligently study them, and refuse to examine any refutations of them; and thus he will by and by convince himself the war is just, and will thank God for the better sleep he enjoys after this process of grotesque self-deception.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Palm Sunday: An Autobiographical Collage|I think it can be tremendously refreshing if a creator of literature has something on his mind other than the history of literature so far. Literature should not disappear up its own asshole, so to speak.
Jennifer Worrell|Writing in a new style never hurt anybody. Upside: if it does, you can write about it!
Jean-Paul Sartre|Another random thing I do is the search for extraterrestrial intelligence, or SETI. And you may be familiar with the movie 'Contact,' which sort of popularized that. It turns out there are real people who go out and search for extraterrestrials in a very scientific way.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|If you put in the effort and focus towards a goal, you will get there quicker than most.
Beth Fantaskey, Jessica's Guide to Dating on the Dark Side|The anger welled inside me, with no where to go. I could feel it eating away at me. I knew if i didn't find a way to release it, it would destroy me.
J. Neven-Pugh, DragonTongue: Riddles Revealed|Don't get mad, William," he finally said, provoking the distraught to look up at him, "I know it's hard, an' unfair, but you can't let yourself become angry. You're too nice, - too good, - if you can't at least hope for a possibility, then what happiness can you expect to have? You have to hold on to it, or else you've got nothing..." (77)
Eliot Wigginton|I am convinced that we as adults must constantly cling to, affirm, and celebrate with our children those things we love, sunsets, laughter, the taste of a good meal, the warmth of a hickory fire shared by real friends, the joy of discovery and accomplishment, the constant surprises of life. 
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Maybe not here and now, but somewhere, someday.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|I never had any preference for her, any more than I have a preference for breathing.
Marvin Olasky|First, his job approval ratings have been trending down for many months, a trend that has accelerated in recent weeks as the war on terrorism has been supplanted in the public's mind by corporate scandals, stock market declines, and a growing sense of economic insecurity.
Diane Messidoro, How to Keep a Boy as a Pet|Oh.My. Every illegal swear word in the dictionary, God. What is it with older men? don't they ever look in the mirror?
C.S. Lewis, The Pilgrim's Regress|He put his ear to his own chest and listened to the heart. How could the pulse go on, beat after beat, for all of life? No machine could run that long without a stumble. Ask not if the beating cranks are going to jam, but when.
Carolyn Riker, Blue Clouds: A Collection of Soul’s Creative Intelligence|Rejection makes you uglier, acceptance makes you, all the more, good-looking!
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|Liberty is about being free and is granted by laws and conventions and government permissions. Freedom is about feeling free, and the only permission you need for that is your own.
Sanjida Kay, The Stolen Child|Where I’m taking you, no one will ever find us. We’ll have all the time in the world for you to grow to love me as much as I love you.
The Covert Comic|I'd rather have less time than I think, than less think than I have time.
Augusten Burroughs|I was alone, for twenty-five years. And I didn't give a shit, because I didn't know what I was missing. Then, this stubborn, beautiful fucking brunette came barreling into my life and shoved her way through all the shadows.
Charlotte Kasl, If the Buddha Dated: A Handbook for Finding Love on a Spiritual Path|He took his hand and something sparked in the handshake. It coursed up his arm and fluttered in his chest. He gritted his teeth as he tried to keep his face smooth, pleasant, while lightning struck his heart. Reiner looked straight into his eyes, and when Thierry returned his intense gaze, he was bewildered as to where and when he was.The breath he didn’t need to take caught in his dry throat. The lights around him seemed to dim, leaving only the two of them illuminated. His muddled mind tried to understand what was happening, but as he groped for answers he found nothing to hold. Like trying to catch water.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|The collaboration between secretaries of state, election officials and the voting system manufacturers on the matter of enforcing this black box proprietary code secrecy with election systems, is nothing less than the commoditization and monetization of American Democracy
L M Bryski|My ship had lost crew mates before, yet I sailed on.
Liam Neeson|I remember coming to New York in 1974 to do a play here called 'Equis.' And I remember the first morning getting up and walking around the streets, and I thought, 'I'm home.' I felt really at peace here.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|...if the content of your speech is not authentic, talking or texting on a device doesn't mean you're communicating with another person.
Ross I. Donaldson, The Lassa Ward: One Man's Fight Against One of the World's Deadliest Diseases|It was 1976.It was one of the darkest days of my life when that nurse, Mrs. Shimmer, pulled out a maxi pad that measured the width and depth of a mattress and showed us how to use it. It had a belt with it that looked like a slingshot that possessed the jaw-dropping potential to pop a man's head like a gourd. As she stretched the belt between the fingers of her two hands, Mrs. Shimmer told us becoming a woman was a magical and beautiful experience.I remember thinking to myself, You're damn right it had better be magic, because that's what it's going to take to get me to wear something like that, Tinkerbell! It looked like a saddle. Weighed as much as one, too. Some girls even cried.I didn't.I raised my hand."Mrs. Shimmer," I asked the cautiously, "so what kind of security napkins do boys wear when their flower pollinates? Does it have a belt, too?"The room got quiet except for a bubbling round of giggles."You haven't been paying attention, have you?" Mrs. Shimmer accused sharply. "Boys have stamens, and stamens do not require sanitary napkins. They require self control, but you'll learn that soon enough."I was certainly hoping my naughty bits (what Mrs. Shimmer explained to us was like the pistil of a flower) didn't get out of control, because I had no idea what to do if they did.
Mark Zero, The French Art of Revenge|This was a crime of passion, but unlike most crimes of passion, it had been meticulously and diabolically well-planned.
Epictetus|In the long run, every man will pay the penalty for his own misdeeds. The man who remembers this will be angry with no one, indignant with no one, revile no one, blame no one, offend no one, hate no one.
Josh Homme|In the event that everything goes wrong and I’m not here tomorrow, there’s not enough time to fuck around. Why make art? Because it beautifies the world. It’s above people. It’s idealistic. It’s something to strive for that is not the mundane. It gives people peace of mind. It’s something you reach for that you can barely tickle but not quite get a hold of. And this [outpouring] makes that idealistic beauty so bright that you’d have to be a bitter asshole to deny its existence.
Russell Means|During the Great Depression, African Americans were faced with problems that were not unlike those experienced by the most disadvantaged groups in society. The Great Depression had a leveling effect, and all groups really experienced hard times: poor whites, poor blacks.
Robin Rose Bennett, The Gift of Healing Herbs: Plant Medicines and Home Remedies for a Vibrantly Healthy Life|I would not be among you to-night (being awarded the 1964 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine) but for the mentors, colleagues and students who have guided and aided me throughout my scientific life. I wish I could name them all and tell you their contributions. More, however, than anyone else it was the late Rudolf Schoenheimer, a brilliant scholar and a man of infectious enthusiasm, who introduced me to the wonders of Biochemistry. Ever since, I have been happy to have chosen science as my career, and, to borrow a phrase of Jacques Barzun, have felt that 'Science is, in the best and strictest sense, glorious entertainment'.
William Shakespeare, Coriolanus|And it's what you never will write," said the Controller. "Because, if it were really like Othello nobody could understand it, however new it might be. And if were new, it couldn't possibly be like Othello.
Kurt Kawohl|Quotes By Transcendologist Kurt Kawohl 1941 - If the medieval practices and the medieval beliefs of Christianity, Judaism and Islam that are based on superstitions were eliminated, then we could start building a rational and logical belief system that is based on truth and an understanding of spirituality. This is the value of truthfulness and rationality.The goals of ALL religions are the same; a deserved, appropriate, just finale. God is the rational Purity that does not require servitude, ritualistic prayers or a forced slavery in order for the soul to be a part of that Purity for eternity. God is spiritual, the progressive and accumulative spiritual intelligence of all the righteous souls who have passed into the spiritual realm. God does not and never has meddled in the tangible universe. It is of no importance during our physical life whether God exists or not if one so chooses. Whether or not one believes in a spirit or God really makes no difference to God. Righteous living will determine the continuance and destiny of our spirit/soul. Abraham, Moses, Noah, Jesus, Muhammad, Buddha, Krishna, Bahá'u'lláh, Zoroaster, Ahmad, Nanak and many others of various faiths are believed to have achieved spiritual enlightenment by mastering the art of spiritual transcendence.  Everything in the universe follows the universal laws which separate the physical and the spiritual existence. Energy is power, vigor, liveliness, intensity. It is a measurable quantity, without reference to its nature or source. Energy, or life is a fundamental attribute and function of the universe. Our bodies build up and harness a minute amount of spiritual energy that is transferred into the spiritual dimension upon our death. Then this spiritual energy is limitless because it lacks resistance and this energy can assimilate as a unity or be separate and individual. It is this spiritual energy that is God. It is a composition of the spiritual intellect of the universe, of every soul that has passed from the physical universe into the spiritual universe. It can create a spiritual existence of beauty that is beyond the imagination…my spirit has experienced it.
Stephanie Witter, Six Years|You know,” she stammered, resenting the way her body reacted to his touch with fireworks and songbirds, “I kind of hate you sometimes.”“If that’s code for ‘I want to fuck you until I can’t walk straight’, then I kind of hate you, too.
Ophelia London, Crossing Abby Road|With the music of our singing in the background, I looked at the church candles and thought about the surreal connection between images and memory. The peaceful and joyous candles flickering there during the Christmas ceremony projected warmth, comfort, and familiarity – even though thy emitted the same kind of fiery energy as the flames caused by the war.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The extent of God’s grace always eclipses the extent of my grotesqueness. Therefore, I can never be bad enough for God to tell me that He’s had enough.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|The world has become jaded. Romance has died, some no longer believe in love, and because of this, they suffer.
George C. Marshall|Through mutual understanding, sincerity and goodwill, and with great wisdom and broad views, the leaders on both sides should jointly initiate new opportunities for peace, stability, cooperation and mutual benefit.
Israelmore Ayivor|With great abilities come great responsibilities; great power comes with great assignments.With great age comes great reasoning; great actions come great experience.With great battles come great victories; great trees come with great tap roots.However, if a little faith can move great mountains, what then will a great faith do? Mysterious things... I guess
Kelly DiPucchio, Zombie in Love|They were all looking at him with an unpronounceable hunger. Actually it was a lot like the faces you see in porn, but with less certainty of the course of action. It was as if they couldn't decide whether to fuck him first, and then eat him, or the other way around. Except that probably wouldn't work as well.
Evan Grinde, Chasing Oblivion|A lofty breeze rushed by, threatening to brush him over the ridge. He looked with hardened eyes off into the East as the first sign of the sun broke the horizon with a distinct flash. He didn’t flinch as the first rays of light shot at his eyes. He watched as the shadow of the valley gradually succumbed to the sweeping radiance of the long-awaited daylight. The dark of the night had had its turn. The morning sun had returned to once again claim its former glory.
Howard Pyle|Thus Arthur achieved the adventure of the sword that day and entered into his birthright of royalty. Wherefore, may God grant His Grace unto you all that ye too may likewise succeed in your undertakings. For any man may be a king in that life in which he is placed if so he may draw forth the sword of success from out of the iron of circumstance. Wherefore when your time of assay cometh, I do hope it may be with you as it was with Arthur that day, and that ye too may achieve success with entire satisfaction unto yourself and to your great glory and perfect happiness.
David J. Morris, The Evil Hours: A Biography of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder|Each of these patients counts on us to help them to the best of our abilities. We have an obligation to them. We shouldn’t turn our backs on them and give up. It’s not fair to them, nor is it fair to ourselves.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|WHO AM I?I have seven heavenly panelsLeading up to a pointed sphereI’m multidimensional like a crystalAnd my center is never clear.I’m an inventor and pioneer.A mentor to my peers.But I'm not as sound as my shell reveals,Because I’m tormented by my fears -That may appear to be groundedBut my insides are filled with tears.And the sadness is well-founded,From years and yearsOf traumatic experiencesCompoundedIn the most dementedAtmospheres.I talk but feel like nobody hears.Has reason disappeared?And, God, are you near?This is Giza’s 7th light forceAnd I'm asking you to interfere.I can no longer walk amongst the blind and deadWith open eyes and ears.I’m trying to maintain my sanityAnd to straighten up my veneerAs I roll amongst the growing calamitiesFlowing on Earth’s severely trashedFrontier.Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun (2010)
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|Playing is more than the act of judging the possibility of defeat or victory, playing is the probability of hope we will have victory.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Dreaming and becoming are completely separate parts of the process. However, they are both as important as each other. Never discount how powerful your dreams are. If you cannot visualise what it is you wish to become, then the brain doesn’t have the first clue how to get you there.
Steven Magee|Have you ever dreamed of something so wonderful, you woke up only to find yourself crying because you wanted to dream about it forever?
Pierce the Veil|If I were you I'd put that away. See you're just wasted and thinking about the past again, darling you'll be okay.
Kelly Link, Pretty Monsters: Stories|When his writing is going well, Gordon Strangle Mars likes to wake up at 6 a.m. and go out driving. He works out new plot lines about giant spiders and keeps an eye out for abandoned couches, which he wrestles into the back of his pickup truck. Then he writes for the rest of the day.
A.D. Posey|The more you read, the more you write, and the more you free yourself to do so, the better writer you will become.
Debasish Mridha|Black and white come together.Brown and blue come to gather.Boys and girls come with love.Straight and gay come as a dove.Jewish and Muslim, open your mind.Christian and Hindu, be very kind.Sikh and Buddist come with the sun.All children, let's have some fun.We are your children; we are the future.Let us love and trust each other.Let not the gun, let not the shored,But let peace and love win this world.
Malcolm X|Men do not shape destiny, Destiny produces the man for the hour.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|Though I have forgotten the reason, there is spread over everything a vague sense of wrongness, of something amiss. Like in those dreams where nothing terrible occurs—nothing that would sound even remarkable if you told it at breakfast-time—but the atmosphere, the taste, the whole thing is deadly. So with this.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|When you know your role in life, living makes sense because of clarity, and the loads become enjoyable to carry.
Richard Baxter|O blessed be the grace that makes advantages of my corruptions, even to contradict and kill themselves (648).
Toni Morrison|I want to feel what I feel. What's mine. Even if it's not happiness, whatever that means. Because you're all you've got.
Todd El Holley|People get so caught in how they don’t like one part of themselves; nose, thighs, tummy, whatever.Things like flour and baking powder go into cakes and those things are gross alone, but the cake is pretty damn delicious.
Gloria Anzaldua|If you do finish the book and are still scared of me and people of my ilk, then I recommend you schedule an appointment with a therapist. Either that, or try writing your own book
Ana Monnar|Daddy, are you going to yell at us some more today?'Neary gazed down into her clear, guileless eyes. That was how he looked to her---a yelling machine. And she was prepared to accept more yelling because she loved him.
Arundhati Roy, The Ministry of Utmost Happiness|Even in the most uneventful of our lives, we are called upon to choose our battles...
Wendell Phillips|I had no expectations about fatherhood, really, but it's definitely a journey I'm glad to be taking. Number one, it's a great learning experience. When my mother told me it's a 24/7 job, she wasn't kidding.
Ellie Goulding|We collectively have a special place in our heart for the manned space flight program - Apollo nostalgia is one element, but that is only part of it. American culture worships explorers - look at the fame of Lewis and Clark, for example. The American people want to think of themselves as supporting exploration.
André Gide, The Immoralist|A person only experiences the fathomlessly beautiful and mysterious particulars that constitute reality by giving up the distorting spectacles of our egotistical appetites and repulsive pretensions, shedding artificial attachments, living without grand illusions, and free of deceptive delusions.
Isaac D'Israeli|No, no, I was only funny on stage, really. I, I, think I was funny as a person toward my classmates when I was very young. You know, when I was a child, up to about the age of 12.
Patrick White, Voss|Voss could always, if necessary, fail to understand. But wounds will wince, especially in the salt air. He was smiling and screwing up his eyes at the great theatre of light and water. Some pitied him. Some despised him for his funny appearance of a foreigner. None, he realized with a tremor of anger, was conscious of his strength. Mediocre, animal men never do guess at the power of rock or fire, until the last moment before those elements reduce them to - nothing. This, the palest, the most transparent of words, yet comes closest to being complete.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Mockingbirds don’t do one thing but make music for us to enjoy. They don’t eat up people’s gardens, don’t nest in corncribs, they don’t do one thing but sing their hearts out for us. That’s why it’s a sin to kill a mockingbird.
Robert Rodriguez|In the business world, we can point to instances when a lack of integrity has bankrupted entire companies - in sectors as different as finance, telecommunications, manufacturing, and energy.
Kurt Sutter|To talk about balance, it's easier to talk about what's out of balance. And I think anytime that you have any disease, and disease meaning lack of ease, lack of flow... dis-ease. So any time there's disease, you're out of balance, whether it's jealousy, anger, greed, anxiety, fear.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|If you hear a different drummer, don’t march—dance!
Boulet|Oh deep winter snow, pale executioner, thou who delights in a slow, torturous death.
Martin Rees|The images of Earth's delicate biosphere, contrasting with the sterile moonscape where the astronauts left their footsteps, have become iconic for environmentalists: these may indeed be the Apollo programme's most enduring legacy.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Strikes|Curran looked back at me. "Why is it you always attract creeps?""You tell me." Ha! Walked right into that one, yes, he did.
Francis Mbasu|Rather than be fearful and sell out at the worst time or get greedy when the market is way up, investors should control their emotions and not only avoid panic, but embrace the market volatility for what it is: an opportunity and a gift. Suffocate the instincts that want to make you a bad investor and rather embrace the chaos that normally causes them to rise to the surface.
Srividya Srinivasan|How many people are watching a movie right now, or reading a book or listening to a song or looking into their life or dreaming with this profound, conscious or not, yearning more than anything for some kind of relationship somewhere with someone or something that would cause them to stagger in intimate rawness in friendship and love?
Janet O. Hagberg|A crisis can knock us off balance, making us afraid, vulnerable, and ripe for change. This also happens in our spiritual journey. We have a crisis in our faith that causes us to reconsider. It might frighten us, at least make us vulnerable. If we become bitter or too resistant, we can get very stuck. But if we let the change or crisis touch us, if we live with it and embrace it as difficult as that is, we are more likely to grow and to move eventually to another stage or spiral in our journey [of faith]. When we are most vulnerable, we have the best chance to learn and move along the way. In the midst of pain there is promise.
Emile Argand, Tectonics of Asia|How many times did the sun shine, how many times did the wind howl over the desolate tundras, over the bleak immensity of the Siberian taigas, over the brown deserts where the Earth’s salt shines, over the high peaks capped with silver, over the shivering jungles, over the undulating forests of the tropics! Day after day, through infinite time, the scenery has changed in imperceptible features. Let us smile at the illusion of eternity that appears in these things, and while so many temporary aspects fade away, let us listen to the ancient hymn, the spectacular song of the seas, that has saluted so many chains rising to the light.
Debasish Mridha|Before hurting others, feel the pain you will inflict on others.
Matthew Heines|I hear sweets help these kind of things, too…” -Jared“What kind of things is that?” -April“I don’t know.” He shrugs before adding, “Woman troubles, heartbreak, Twilight ending? Whatever bugs your mind.”-Jared
Naveen Jain|Our foremost priority is the removal of poverty, hunger and malnutrition, disease and illiteracy. All social welfare programmes must be implemented efficiently. Agencies involved in the delivery of services should have a strong sense of duty and work in a transparent, corruption-free, time-bound and accountable manner.
Social SEO|Presidential campaign observer Teddy White on the second Kennedy-Nixon debate in which the candidates spoke from separate television studios: "It was as if, separated by comments from his adversary, Richard Nixon was more at ease and could speak directly to the nation that lay between them.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|It amazes me what humans can do, even when streams are flowing down their faces and they stagger on, coughing and searching, and finding.
Charles Dickens|You wear a mask for so long, you forget who you were beneath it.
Dean Burnett, The Idiot Brain: A Neuroscientist Explains What Your Head Is Really Up To|The problem with radio frequency (RF) exposure is not the small amount of brain tumors, is it the large amount of subtle alterations in the brain that lead to attention, confusion, insomnia and fatigue problems.
Eraldo Banovac|And how funny, strange, that a thing can grow so powerful even when planted in the wrong place. Ideas too, I muttered. Ideas.
Salman Khan|I love card games, and I've always loved board games and stuff like that as a kid, and I think it's that part of your brain that's engaged in con movies. It's like this 'Who's outsmarting whom?'
Jonathan Franzen|If you choose to spend an hour every day tinkering with your Facebook profile, or if you don’t see any difference between reading Jane Austen on a Kindle and reading her on a printed page, or if you think Grand Theft Auto IV is the greatest Gesamtkunstwerk since Wagner, I’m very happy for you, as long as you keep it to yourself.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|I spoke a word in anger To one who was my friend, Like a knife it cut him deeply, A wound that was hard to mend. That word, so thoughtlessly uttered, I would we could both forget, But its echo lives and memory gives The recollection yet. How many hearts are broken, How many friends are lost By some unkind word spoken Before we count the cost! But a word or deed of kindness Will repay a hundredfold. For it echoes again in the hearts of men And carries a joy untold.
Rachel Naomi Remen, Kitchen Table Wisdom: Stories That Heal|Most of the things that give life its depth, meaning, and value are impervious to science.
Thomas Gilovich, How We Know What Isn't So: The Fallibility of Human Reason in Everyday Life|For desired conclusions, we ask ourselves, "Can I believe this?", but for unpalatable conclusions we ask, "Must I believe this?
Iain M. Banks, Transition|Lying here, during all this time after my own small fall, it has become my conviction that things mean pretty much what we want them to mean. We’ll pluck significance from the least consequential happenstance if it suits us and happily ignore the most flagrantly obvious symmetry between separate aspects of our lives if it threatens some cherished prejudice or cosily comforting belief; we are blindest to precisely whatever might be most illuminating.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|To a farmer dirt is not a waste, it is wealth.
Stephen Colbert|I believe art prefers rules. For some artists, the worst thing you can do is say 'Do whatever you want.' Such permission can be terrifying. I know it is for me. Often it's better if you impose rules or restrictions on a project. Requirements can force you to be creative in unusual ways.
Gia Coppola|Somehow, the French got this idea of the starving artist. Very romantic, except it's not so romantic for the starving artist.
Ori Hofmekler, The Warrior Diet|We may live without poetry, music, and art;	We may live without conscience, and live without heart;	We may live without friends; we may live without books;	But civilized man cannot live without cooks.	He may live without books,—what is knowledge but grieving?	 20He may live without hope,—what is hope but deceiving?	He may live without love,—what is passion but pining?	But where is the man that can live without dining?
Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!|I do not believe that to be religious in the best, authentic sense a man has to destroy his love life and mummify himself, body and soul.
Nomthandazo Tsembeni|You can have it all,Luxury and wealth,A lot of friends and a good health,And own everything on earth.However, if you have greed,Jealousy, bitter and want not to see anyone get ahead in life.A dumping site is better than you because not everything found on a dumping site has no value.Plastics can be recycled,And some goods are not too bad to be used again.
Michael Bassey Johnson, The Infinity Sign|Musicians do not get on stage without hearing the song singing inside of them. Poets do not write as if they are jotting down a sermon, they see everything in their subconscious before presenting it to the conscious, which they later turn to  readable materials. Artist do not draw and paint without painting in dream states, trance, or see an art form that others do not see. Being creative does not calls for being any supernatural entity, but in creating with the entities inside of you.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|When I tried this morning, after an hour or so of unhappy thinking, to dip back into my meditation, I took a new idea with me: compassion. I asked my heart if it could please infuse my soul with a more generous perspective on my mind's workings. Instead of thinking that I was a failure, could I perhaps accept that I am only a human being--and a normal one, at that?
Colleen McCullough, The Touch|He hadn't wooed her, but had simply claimed her. A gold mine ready to dig. There should have been a period of quiet dinners together, of flowers rather than diamonds, of kisses given after permission to kiss, of a slow awakening that predisposed her to greater intimacies. But no, not the great Alexander Kinross! He had met her, he had married her the next day, and climbed into her bed after one kiss in the church. There to prove himself an animal in her eyes. One mistake after another, that was the story of his relationship with Elizabeth. And Ruby had always meant more.
Dianne Duvall, Blade of Darkness|Stefan needed me. Ha! Stefan needed me, as what? His next meal?
Morgan Matson, Amy & Roger's Epic Detour|All I could determine was that it must have been a nice thing to see if it was a house you were thinking about moving into. But not so nice if it was the house you were moving out from. I could practically hear Mr Collins, who had taught my fifth-grade English class and was still the most intimidating teacher I'd ever had, yelling at me. "Amy Curry," I could still hear him intoning, "never end a sentence with a preposition!" Irked that after six hears he was still mentally correcting me, I told the Mr. Collins in my head to off fuck.
Jodi Picoult, Lone Wolf|Hope and reality lie in inverse proportions, inside the walls of a hospital... Doubt is like dye. Once is spreads into the fabric of excuses you've woven, you'll never get rid of the stain.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|Understanding a people's culture exposes their normalness without reducing their particularity...It renders them accessible: setting them in the frame of their own banalities, it dissolves their opacity.
C. JoyBell C.|Of people that hold an opinion that is popular and that makes them look good: I cannot take your opinions seriously. If you are of a persuasion that is popular and that makes you look like a better person, then you hold that persuasion as a result of no inner convictions of your own; rather, you hold that persuasion as a result of self-consciousness. It takes courage and inner strength to hold convictions that go against popular opinion and that go against what would make you feel accepted in the eyes of most. There are three levels to this sort of consciousness: the first level dictates that you are simply unaware and you go about with daily life with no presumptions, simply going with the flow of everything. The second level is the one that the current generation mostly belongs to: the level of those who believe themselves to be enlightened, awakened. This second level belongs to those who would call those belonging to the first level as "sheep". This second level belongs to those who would believe that there are only two levels: one belonging to sheep and another belonging to them. They are unaware of the third level. But the third level of consciousness is the level that belongs not to what those on the lesser level would call as "sheep" and also not belonging to the second level of those who believe themselves to be free thinkers. At this third level, are those who see plainly that the free thinkers of today are simply a different herd of sheep, who all hold a shared opinion of what it means to be a better person, what it means to be an enlightened individual, what it means to be free. They are the herd that believe themselves to be free. At least the first herd at the first level do not care to go about with such thoughts in their minds: they are the ones who care only of working honestly, living honestly, and doing good deeds. Those on the second level, however, upon believing themselves to be set free of former persuasions, are convinced of their mental and spiritual superiority. But, alas, such individuals would not dare hold any personal conviction if it meant they would be seen in an unfavourable light by their peers, friends, by the masses. Their inner compasses are controlled not by the image they wish to see in the mirror; rather, their inner compasses are controlled by the image they wish others to see when looking at them. Now, at the third level, nothing controls these minds except for the desire to see in the mirror what is true, what is pure, what is better; regardless if anybody else can see it or not. At the third level of consciousness, we find those who have transcended the pleasures provided by the feelings of other people's acceptance, praise, and opinion of them. To be good, and to believe good, not because it is popular, but because it is true and good. At the third level, we will find those whose inner compasses are controlled by their reflections in the mirror, not by their peers, their friends, or the masses.
Aniesha Brahma, The Secret Proposal|Tell you what, why don’t we go ask her brothers what they think of your claim?”“I’d rather beat you to a pulp.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|not one escaped to tell the fall of Alamo,The hundred & fifty are dumb yet at Alamo.
Thomas Jefferson|I sincerely believe that banking establishments are more dangerous than standing armies, and that the principle of spending money to be paid by posterity, under the name of funding, is but swindling futurity on a large scale.
Ellen DeGeneres|If intelligence is the triumph of life, the spoken word is the marvellous means by which this intelligence is manifested.
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|I had this whole plan when I graduated high school: I was going to go to college, date a few guys, and then meet THE guy at the end of my freshman year, maybe at the beginning of my sophomore year. We'd be engaged by graduation and married the next year. And then, after some traveling, we'd start our family. Four kids, three years apart. I wanted to be done by the time I was 35.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron King|Bravo," said Grimalkin, peering down from Cold Tom's chest. "The Winter prince and Oberon's jester agreeing on something. The world must be ending.
Doug TenNapel, Ghostopolis|When a man finds the one woman who is right, it scarcely matters what else is wrong.
Douglas Copeland|It often seems as though the silent, humble servant is secretly wiser and more discerning than the haughty master; yet through dutiful (and sometimes insecure) surrender he continues to serve and carry out petty orders in loyal acquiescence.
Chelsea Handler|This kind of mixing of ingredients happens all the time at fast-food places... You know when you order french fries and there's a rogue onion ring at the bottom. You know, at first you're alarmed but you eat it. It all comes from the same place! You just have to go for it.
Mike  Norton, White Mountain|Solitude is the soil in which genius is planted, creativity grows, and legends bloom; faith in oneself is the rain that cultivates a hero to endure the storm, and bare the genesis of a new world, a new forest.
Alexander Pope, The Temple of Fame|Endgame,” Sam muttered, not really expecting Caine to hear.“Yep,” Caine said. “That’s right. Endgame. The FAYZ barrier is coming down; at least that’s mybet. But there’s also a ninety percent chance you and me both end up dead. Ten percent chance weboth actually get out of here alive. In which case we end up sharing a cell somewhere.” He laughed.“Kind of unfair, really, what with me being evil and all, and you just so darned virtuous and heroic.
Cornelia Funke, Inkheart|I'm only a kind of book doctor. I can give books new bindings, rejuvenate them a little, stop the bookworms from eating them, and prevent them from losing their pages over the years like a man loses his hair. But inventing the stories in them, filling new, empty pages with right words-- I can't do that. That's a very different trade. A famous writer once wrote, 'An author can be seen as three things: a storyteller, a teacher, or magician-- but a magician, the enchanter, is in the ascendant.
Atul Gawande|Oliver Sacks remains my hero to this day. He was one of the first medical writers I read. The other was Lewis Thomas, who is no longer alive but is just heroic to me.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Erre es korakas, Blinky!" Dionysus cursed. "I will have your soul!
Sebastian Faulks|I don't know if there is a 'lack' of good black men. But when you haven't taken the time to get to know yourself, be OK with you, and articulate what it is you want in a relationship, then you can't possibly find that person for you because you don't even know what you're looking for.
Nikki Haley|Young people, some of whom are not born into the faith, are being fired up by preachers using basic Islamic scripture and mobilized to wage jihad by radical imams who represent themselves as legitimate Muslim clergymen.
Snoop Dogg|I think in London - and I don't wanna offend anybody in America, but this is a real statement - they still have the right approach to making music. In the U.S., people see it as a way to make money; they see it as a means to get out. It's a hustle, which is great - any way you can provide for your family that's legal is fantastic.
Debasish Mridha|All life is emptiness. Fill it with endless love, bliss, and kindness.
Deyth Banger|The Best films are a small amount, some films learn us things which we won't forget, others just show us one of the things which we already know others just lose our time. But which are the best? and Which you will choose?.. Are the best two questions you must ask yourself before you start watching a film!
Jasinda Wilder, Falling into You|I don't even know how long she sobs. Time ceases to pass, and she cries, cries, cries. Clutches me and makes these sounds of a soul being ripped in two, the grief so long denied taking its toll. Fermented grief is far more potent.
Cardinal Richelieu|Unless we can restore what George Orwell called patriotism as opposed to nationalism, we will see the rise of the far right, as is happening already in Europe.
T. S. Eliot|This is a fantastic time to be entering the business world, because business is going to change more in the next 10 years than it has in the last 50.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|MOTHER IS WATERI wish I couldShower your head with flowersAnd anoint your feet with my tears,For I know I have caused youSo much heartache, frustration and despair –Throughout my youthful years.I wish I could give youThe remainder of my lifeTo add to yours,Or simply eraseThe lines on your face,And mend all that has been torn.For next to God,You are the fireThat has given lightTo the flame in each of my eyes.You are the fountainThat nourished my growth,And from your chalice –Gave me life.Without the wetness of your love,The fragrance of your water,Or the trickling sounds ofYour voice,I shall always feelthirsty.
Vini Dubey|The future shines so bright, lets be the brick that paves the way to a positive future.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Your choices become your directions the moment you start to implement them. When you make choices and you don’t implement them, your choices may be the best ever, but the most useless.
Evy Michaels|BREAK THE RULESThey say you never get the second chance to make the first impression......I say you can make a second impression that will earn you that second chance.They say you are not capable....I say you can learn the capabilities to do the impossible.They say you are not worth it.....I say you are what they are worth and much more.They say you are just a dreamer.....I say dreams are the beginning of reality.They say stick to the status quo, that you can't break it......I say bend it!They say you are different.......I say different is the new cool and normal the new boring.They say a bad excuse is better than none.....I say try an apology, it actually works.They say blood is thicker than water....I say love is thicker than blood.They say boys will always be boys....I say they will have to become men at some point.They say you are a failure........I say failure is the beginning of successThey say do as I say, not as I do.....I say they should try silence, so that we don't have to watch what they do.They say think outside the box.....I say throw away the box and just think
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|Aleks opened his mouth to reassure his friend when heheard something that chilled him to the bone.“Aleksander Aaron Arkadion! What in the hell is wrong with you! Why are you dragging that mangledcorpse through town? You traumatized an entire first-grade class on a field trip to the town center,” Ma said,striding up to them pointing down to the body that Aleks still had a hold of.He looked down at the ankle he was holding.“Fuck my life.” Aleks looked behind his ma at the trail of blood heading back to the ice cream parlor.Liam laughed, his arms wrapped around his waist holding his sides.
Kapil Dev|I'm a pretty agile guy, especially being taller and having done martial arts from about the age of 13, but parkour is one of those sports that I wish I'd discovered sooner. When my nephew first showed me, I thought, 'Damn - I'm too old for this.'
Truman Capote|I do not regard advertising as entertainment or an art form, but as a medium of information.
Enrique Vila-Matas|Do you know why I believe in the novel? It’s a democratic shout. Anybody can write a great novel, one great novel, almost any amateur off the street. I believe this, George. Some nameless drudge, some desperado with barely a nurtured dream can sit down and find his voice and luck out and do it. Something so angelic it makes your jaw hang open. The spray of talent, the spray of ideas. One thing unlike another, one voice unlike the next. Ambiguities, contradictions, whispers, hints. And this is what you want to destroy.
Jesse Jackson|On every birthday, I ask my wife, 'What would you like this year?' and her instant reply is, 'Diamonds! Diamonds! Diamonds!' I'm always living in hope that one day she'll say she just wants me!
Debasish Mridha|Love all, trust all, and help all. Know that no one can hurt you without your permission.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|Many believe bliss and gratification to be synonyms, when in fact they are antonyms. Bliss is the nature of your most true Self and it is with you anytime you become still enough to listen. Gratification is what you seek to fill the imagined emptiness, and is generated by a false sense of self.
L.M. Browning, Seasons of Contemplation: A Book of Midnight Meditations|The purpose of a pilgrimage is about setting aside a long period of time in which the only focus is to be the matters of the soul. Many believe a pilgrimage is about going away but it isn’t; it is about coming home. Those who choose to go on pilgrimage have already ventured away from themselves; and now set out in a longing to journey back to who they are. Many a time we believe we must go away from all that is familiar if we are to focus on our inner well-being because we feel it is the only way to escape all that drains and distracts us, allowing us to turn inward and tend to what ails us. Yet we do not need to go to the edges of the earth to learn who we are, only the edges of ourself.
Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer|I read the title from the cover. ' 'The joy of... crap.' ' I read the rest of the full title of the thick, nondescript volume to myself and felt myself redden.Noah turned over on to his side and said with mock seriousness, 'I have never read 'The Joy Of Crap'. Sounds disgusting.' I blushed deeper. 'I have, however, read 'The Joy Of Sex.' ' He continued, a smile transforming his face. 'Not in a while, but I think it's one of those classics you can come back to again... and again.
Teri Anne Stanley, Drunk on You|She got me to crack open the window to my soul, and I really don't want to slam it down on her fingers just yet.
Donna Lynn Hope|To be with another in this [empathic] way means that for the time being, you lay aside your own views and values in order to enter another's world without prejudice. In some sense it means that you lay aside your self; this can only be done by persons who are secure enough in themselves that they know they will not get lost in what may turn out to be the strange or bizarre world of the other, and that they can comfortably return to their own world when they wish.Perhaps this description makes clear that being empathic is a complex, demanding, and strong - yet subtle and gentle - way of being.
Gyan Nagpal, Talent Economics: The Fine Line Between Winning and Losing the Global War for Talent|Most revolutions start small and simmer under the surface gathering strength, adding to an ideology, gaining favourable opinion- first as acredible alternative and then as the majority view
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|If you stay passionate and committed, mediocrity will never be eager to befriend you.
Corey Ann Haydu, The Careful Undressing of Love|If you love someone and they vanish, you are left nodding like a zombie and throwing teacups at a wall.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|Many have rehashed the great works of Plato, and coming forward to the 20th century even Napoleon Hill gave us rehashed woo-woo when he replicated Wallace D. Wattles.
John Irving, The Cider House Rules|Here is the trap you are in.... And it's not my trap—I haven't trapped you. Because abortions are illegal, women who need and want them have no choice in the matter, and you—because you know how to perform them—have no choice, either. What has been violated here is your freedom of choice, and every woman's freedom of choice, too. If abortion was legal, a woman would have a choice—and so would you. You could feel free not to do it because someone else would. But the way it is, you're trapped. Women are trapped. Women are victims, and so are you.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|The psychological components of war have not gone away—dominance, vengeance, callousness, tribalism, groupthink, self-deception
Martina Boone, Compulsion|But the people who mattered were the people you chose instead of the people who were yours by an accident of birth. Real family was heart as much as, if not more than, blood.
Laurie Garrett, Betrayal of Trust: The Collapse of Global Public Health|When we use these words and we talk about plants having a strategy to do this or wanting this or desiring this, we’re being metaphorical obviously. I mean, plants do not have consciousness. But, this is a fault of our own vocabulary. We don’t have a very good vocabulary to describe what others species do to us, because we think we’re the only species that really does anything.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|The great Sufi poet and philosopher Rumi once advised his students to write down the three things they most wanted in life. If any item on the list clashes with any other item, Rumi warned, you are destined for unhappiness. Better to live a life of single-pointed focus, he taught. But what about the benefits of living harmoniously among extremes? What if you could somehow create an expansive enough life that you could synchronize seemingly incongruous opposites into a worldview that excludes nothing?
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|I don't know what I'm doing in Santa Teresa," Amalfitano said to himself after he'd been living in the city for a week."Don't you? Don't you really?" he asked himself."Really I don't," he said to himself. And that was as eloquent as he could be.
Alexander the Great|Youths of the Pellaians and of the Macedonians and of the Hellenic Amphictiony and of the Lakedaimonians and of the Corinthians… and of all the Hellenic peoples, join your fellow-soldiers and entrust yourselves to me, so that we can move against the barbarians and liberate ourselves from the Persian bondage, for as Greeks we should not be slaves to barbarians.
Yo-Yo Ma|The myth of redemptive violence - Caesar, peace, and victory - is in people's bones so deeply, we aren't even aware of it. You crush the opposition; that's how we bring peace.
Donald Jeffries, The Unreals|I never tried to ingratiate myself with great writers. When a great writer has nothing to say, he does something else, like chopping firewood. A great writer doesn't try to find something to write about, he only writes when he has to. I was no great writer. I've always had the need to unload my thoughts, and so had to live with a kind of mental incontinence, but I've never felt forced to write a novel. Nor, for that matter, have I ever chopped firewood.
Fisher Amelie, Fury|My parents were just carried out of the building in the service elevator," he shouted at the cops. "They were vile, but they didn't deserve to be taken out with the trash!
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Harmony doesn’t come merely through tolerance. You don’t need to tolerate people from other cultural backgrounds. It is time you start loving them. Toleration may make you a decent person, but it is love that makes you a true human being. The greatest religion that you can ever have throughout your entire existence is love.
John A. Macdougall, Being Sober and Becoming Happy: The Best Ideas from the Director of Spiritual Guidance at Hazelden|Chronic pain patients like me are not the cause of the opioid crisis; only 22% of those who misuse opioids are prescribed them by a doctor, and only 13% of ER visits for opiate overdoses were chronic pain patients. Most chronic pain patients are rule-followers who just want to function.
Robert Bolt, A Man for All Seasons|Congratulations. You have met your conscience. In my experience, the world is divided between those who have one and those who don't. And the ones with one are divided into those who will act on their conscience and those who won't. Those who will are, I'm afraid, the smallest category. They will *jeito*. It's Brazilian Portuguese. It means to find a way to get something done, no matter what the obstacles.
Haruki Murakami|To say goodbye, is to die a little.To say good morning, is a hope for a new sunshine in a cloudy winter.
Tarif Naaz, Mayhem In Paradise|Advertisers as well as political leaders long ago found that it is easier to appeal to the people through the heart than through the mind. Programs built with an emotional people are sure to draw the largest audiences and the biggest response. Workers in the field of educational radio are loath to acknowledge this truism, maintaining that certain programs must be built to appeal to the intellect. Of course, they are right, but that is the minority appeal.
Ayn Rand|I love power. But it is as an artist that I love it. I love it as a musician loves his violin, to draw out its sounds and chords and harmonies.
|Discover your true passion in life. Turn it into a big dream. Promise yourself that quitting isn't an option, and then work tirelessly on it until its reality becomes your new present. There is truly more to life than just working for a paycheck.
Epicurus|Never say that I have taken it, only that I have given it back.
Mensah Oteh|Study yourself and develop your personal inspiration routine, applying it to your life every day to help you create the extraordinary life you deserve.
Sarah Black, The General and the Elephant Clock of Al-Jazari|You're the only kick-ass general I know who needs three gay boys to dress him, John.""But I only need one gay boy to undress me.
William Shakespeare|There's a trick to the Graceful Exit. It begins with the vision to recognize when a job, a life stage, a relationship is over - and to let go. It means leaving what's over without denying its value.
Kahlil Gibran|Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand.
Robert E. Hamm Jr., Continuous Improvement; Values, Assumptions, and Beliefs for Successful Implementation: It's All About the Culture|A value-added step in a process is defined by three characteristics. First, the step must be something that the customer is willing to pay for. Second, the step must directly change the form, fit, or function of something to produce a product or service. The final characteristic of a value-added step is that it is so important that it must be done right every time to successfully produce the intended product or service.
Daisaku Ikeda|Genius unrefined resembles a flash of lightning, but wisdom is like the sun.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Boldly and confidently, reach out to your dreams.
Asa Don Brown|Forgiveness is the ultimate liberator of our mind, body, and spirit.
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|The fruit of youth or of the grape, the transitory magic of the brief passage from darkness to darkness - the old illusion that truth and beauty were in some way entwined.
Kouhei Kadono, Boogiepop Returns: Vs. Imaginator Part 1|Possibility, or what we refer to as imagination, is 99% imitation. The real deal is only 1%. The problem is, this 1% is simultaneously referred to as Evil.
Eric Hoffer, The True Believer: Thoughts on the Nature of Mass Movements|My vanity suggested I should take offense, but the deeper part of me was relieved- relieved that he was noble enough to want to make such a sacrifice from his heart rather than from his desire to impress me.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|Will it be here that we shall find a place which will not elude us, or which if it remains does not exert on us a culpable attraction? Or must we, leaning over the deck and watching the shores glide by, move forever onward?
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Being a 'good' parent is more about the parent, and, less about the 'supposedly-could-have-been-bad' child.
Ajay Chaturvedi, Lost Wisdom of the Swastika: Turiya Tales|Farang, I'll bet you Wall Street against a Thai mango he'll be back, if for no other reason than to play the card of virile youth against Hudson's superior rank and thus restore his ego after that humiliating reprimand.
Raymond Carver, All of Us: The Collected Poems|Grief"Woke up early this morning and from my bedlooked far across the Strait to seea small boat moving through the choppy water,a single running light on. Rememberedmy friend who used to shouthis dead wife’s name from hilltopsaround Perugia. Who set a platefor her at his simple table long aftershe was gone. And opened the windowsso she could have fresh air. Such displayI found embarrassing. So did his otherfriends. I couldn’t see it.Not until this morning.
Kristin Cashore|My GOD is a consuming fire and He answers by FIRE! His fire surrounds me and burns inside of me. My faith has been tested in the fire. My faith in Him is unwavering, therefore I shall not be moved. I cannot fail because He will NEVER fail me.
|Before you cry and complain about your problems, be sure to show enough gratitude for your blessings in life.
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|The military do so love shiny new technology, there's always so many ways to abuse it.
Chris Anderson, The Long Tail: Why the Future of Business is Selling Less of More|What Vann-Adibe had discobered was that the aggregate market for niche music was huge, and effectively unbounded. He called this the '98 Percent Rule.' As he later put it to me, "In a wordl of almost zero packaging costs and instant access to almost all ocntent in this format, consumers exhibit consistent behavior: They look at almost everything. I believe that this requires major changes by the content producers - I'm just not sure what changes!"... Everywhere I went the story was the same: Hits are great, but niches are emerging as the big new market. The 98 Percent Rule turned out to be nearly universal. Apple said that every one of the then 1 million tracks on iTues had sold at least once (now its inventory is twice that). Netflix reckoned that 95% of its 25,000 DVDs (that's now 90,000) rented at least once a quarter. Amazon didn't give out an exact number, but independent academic research on its book sales suggested that 98 percent of its top 100,00 books sold at least once a quarter, too.
Gustave Flaubert|I am irritated by my own writing. I am like a violinist whose ear is true, but whose fingers refuse to reproduce precisely the sound he hears within.
Ralph Ellison, The Collected Essays|Because we want to know things, how the pieces fit. Talkers seduce, words direct us into corners. We want more than anything to grow and change. Brave new world.
Nico Di Angelo|With great power, comes a great need to nap.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|He liked the mere act of reading, the magic of turning scratches on a page into words inside his head.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If God permit you to fall, He will definitely stand by you to rise.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|You are what resides before, beyond and between what you think so do not be consumed by thought. It is only a fragment of your magic.
Stephanie Lahart|There’s a destructive power in unforgiveness and unforgiveness controls you in a negative way. It’s time to let it all go! You become strong when you genuinely forgive. You become empowered when you genuinely forgive. You gain back your inner peace when you genuinely forgive. You release stress, bitterness and anger when you genuinely forgive. But most importantly, you’re able to live your best life when you genuinely forgive. Give yourself permission to live life free of toxic thoughts, feelings, and energy. Forgive!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Vultures pick the meat clean off a bone. Guilt eats at the marrow, leaving a man hollow.
Robin Bielman, Risky Surrender|But this woman makes me want to do things I didn't think I was capable of. Her love for me makes me feel like I have no limitations, that I can do anything I set my mind to do because she believes in me with her whole heart.
Adelle Waldman, The Love Affairs of Nathaniel P.|When you're single, your weekend days are wide-open vistas that extend in every direction; in a relationship, they're like the sky over Manhattan: punctured, hemmed in, compressed.
Timothy J. Keller|Men, you'll never be a good groom to your wife unless you're first a good bride to Jesus.
Alan Siegel|Family law is institutionally anti-male. I've been lobbying MPs, and I'm not going to give up campaigning for equality until I get equality.
Maria McCann, As Meat Loves Salt|Whatever makes a man a beast also renders him pitiable. But it behoves us to be wary of these bestial men despite our compassion, for they frequently turn on their friends.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|Clearly she was expected to say something, but panic at having to speak stole the thoughts from her head.
Laurell K. Hamilton|You can not die of grief, though it feels as if you can. A heart does not actually break, though sometimes your chest aches as if it is breaking. Grief dims with time. It is the way of things. There comes a day when you smile again, and you feel like a traitor. How dare I feel happy. How dare I be glad in a world where my father is no more. And then you cry fresh tears, because you do not miss him as much as you once did, and giving up your grief is another kind of death.
Christine Feehan, Air Bound|Death gets a bad rap. People think that euthanasia is putting their pets “down” when it really is lifting us up. In the first moment, when we come back to earth, we remember the comfort of the Heaven we came from and this is why we cry when we are born. When we are born in Heaven we come in laughing not crying! In birth we have the passage and then the pain. In death we have the pain and then the passage.
Johnnie Dent Jr.|Success is personal ownership of the dream, and responsibility for its desired outcome.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|Hopis have lived in America longer than anyone. We wanted to explore the concept of Earthly visitation through the eyes of people who have also witnessed the rapid evolution of modern culture. For us, their beliefs ring true on so many levels. Hopi prophecy speaks to the destiny of man...in a universe where we are not alone.
Peter Morgan, Frost/Nixon|James Reston, Jr.: You know the first and greatest sin of the deception of television is that it simplifies; it diminishes, great complex ideas, stretches of time; whole careers become reduced to a single snapshot.
Sunday Adelaja|In life there will be so many pressing demands, and there will be a mass of pressure on you, but you must be so disciplined so that you can go through these things and come out victorious
Gary Weiss|I still have a photo on my wall of the greatest idol I will ever have in my life, and it's myself at eight. Because that's when the forces of imagination have the same value as the real world, when they're an instrument of survival: when my mother disappeared, and I imagined a mother. That was me at my best.
Sinéad Moriarty|I have been waiting for many lifetimes to recognize that I am worthy and in one brief conversation I learned that I am simply because I was born. Worthiness is not earned, it is given as a result of birth.
Paul Krugman|I think environmentalists do no service to their cause by taking fundamentalist stances. I am not defending corporate India's track record, but for many environmental problems, there are technological solutions.
Andrew Solomon, The Noonday Demon: An Atlas of Depression|The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality and my life, as I write this, is vital even when sad. I may wake up sometime next year without my mind again; it is not likely to stick around all the time. Meanwhile, however, I have discovered what I would have to call a soul, a part of myself I could never have imagined until one day, seven years ago, when hell came to pay me a surprise visit. It's a precious discovery.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|Evolution is adventitious and not foresighted. Only through the deaths of an immense number of slightly maladapted organisms are we, brains and all, here today.
Thomas Mann, Death in Venice and Other Tales|Innate in nearly every artistic nature is a wanton, treacherous penchant for accepting injustice when it creates beauty and showing sympathy for and paying homage to aristocratic privilege.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|All that existed was Jace; all she felt, hoped, breathed, wanted, and saw was Jace. Nothing else mattered.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Quran, like most other scriptures, is a book of most wonderful truth mixed with the most disgraceful superstitions of human nature.
John Keats|We are each of us angels with only one wing, and we can only fly by embracing one another.
Walt Whitman|Song of myselfA child said What is the grass? fetching it to me with full hands; How could I answer the child? I do not know what it is any more than he. I guess it must be the flag of my disposition, out of hopeful green stuff woven. Or I guess it is the handkerchief of the Lord, A scented gift and remembrancer designedly dropt, Bearing the owner's name someway in the corners, that we may see and remark, and say Whose? Or I guess the grass is itself a child, the produced babe of the vegetation.
Mark Doty|I know,” said Peter. “Perhaps better than anyone. But you can’t stay a child forever. To choose to speak into Echo’s Well is to choose illusion. To choose to avoid the responsibilities of being an adult. The real trick—the real choice—is to keep the best of the child you were, without forgetting when you grow up.“It is the best of both worlds, Jack. Being a child is to believe in magic everywhere…“…but even Peter Pan had to grow up one day.
Andrea Cremer, Rift|The path is here," he said quietly. "But you are free to walk it or choose another way.
Dejan Stojanovic|The wisdom of the Moon is greater than the wisdom of the Earth, because the Moon sees the universe closer than the Earth can see it!
Sudeb Gharami|Trust is the main part of any kind of love, if you lost it then you must be failed it.
Marshall McLuhan, Forward Through The Rearview Mirror: Reflections On And By Marshall Mc Luhan|I am resolutely opposed to all innovation, all change, but I am determined to understand what’s happening. Because I don’t choose just to sit and let the juggernaut roll over me. Many people seem to think that if you talk about something recent, you’re in favor of it. The exact opposite is true in my case. Anything I talk about is almost certainly something I’m resolutely against. And it seems to me the best way to oppose it is to understand it. And then you know where to turn off the buttons.
Samantha Morton|I learnt pity, sympathy, and what it was like to be at the other end of the stick. Such lessons can't be learnt in lecture halls.
Rachel Higginson, Every Wrong Reason|!I0m not blaming you," he stated firmly. "I'm just trying to think. God, Kate, there are times when I think you hate me. When I think you would do anything to get rid of me. And then... there's last night. And all of the other times like it. I have never been more alive than when I'm with you.
Smokey Robinson|And now, this is the sweetest and most glorious day that ever my eyes did see.
Epicurus|Death, therefore, the most awful of evils, is nothing to us, seeing that, when we are, death is not come, and, when death is come, we are not.
Ivan Alexander Pozo-Illas, The Wayfarer of the Soul|Wherever your love is, so is your heaven made manifest before your very eyes.
Mikel Jollet|All I can think is that it must be a kind of rebellion,To arm your fears like soldiers and slay them.
Steven Millhauser, Dangerous Laughter|It is worthy to note, that the early popularity of Washington was not the result of brilliant achievement nor signal success; on the contrary, it rose among trials and reverses, and may almost be said to have been the fruit of defeat.
Willard Libby|The trend of all knowledge at the present is to specialize, but archaeology has in it all the qualities that call for the wide view of the human race, of its growth from the savage to the civilized, which is seen in all stages of social and religious development.
Deyth Banger|Nice work," he said.I grinned."You look like hell, though," he noted."I doubt hell has this much Kool-Aid," I replied.
Dipak Mukhopadhyay, Rains of Gems|Money Value of Time" is more valuable than "Time Value of Money", you will know it by time.
E. Norman Torry|After all, when you come across the word prothalamium and find it means a preliminary nuptial song and a yaffle is a green woodpecker-well, I ask you! You cannot let matters rest there-or can you? Peradventure you will develop into lexicomaniacs.
Jim Butcher, Fool Moon|Because seeing someone’s heart ripped out, presumably for the first time, is something a person should accept naturally, like finding out there’s no Santa Clause.
Paolo Giordano, The Solitude of Prime Numbers|...finally her hands, so light, holding his head still and catching all his thoughts and imprisoning them there, in the space that no longer existed between them.
Marquis de Sade, Justine|‎"...θα πρέπει να αντιληφθείς, αγαπητή Τερέζα, ότι τα αντικείμενα δεν έχουν, κατά την άποψη μας, άλλη αξία από εκείνη που τους δίνει η φαντασία μας
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|A perverse nature can be stimulated by anything. Any book can be used as a pornographic instrument, even a great work of literature if the mind that so uses it is off-balance. I once found a small boy masturbating in the presence of the Victorian steel-engraving in a family Bible.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Put your seed in the soil, no matter the dormancy period, with faith, there shall surely be germination
Christina Grimmie|Whatever the medium, there is the difficulty, challenge, fascination and often productive clumsiness of learning a new method: the wonderful puzzles and problems of translating with new materials.
Jason Silva|I think making friends is not being afraid to look stupid, because everyone wants a friend who is willing to be stupid and fun. If you try and be too cool, it only works in high school. After that, being uncool is a very cool thing to do. So just have fun, and don't worry what other people think of you and people will want to be your friends.
Stephen Russell, Barefoot Doctor's Guide to the Tao: A Spiritual Handbook for the Urban Warrior|When you find yourself in one of those mystical/devotional frames of mind or in am emergency and you feel you want to pray, then pray. Don’t ever be ashamed to pray or feel prevented by thinking yourself unworthy in any way. Fact is whatever terrible thing you may have done, praying will always turn your energy around for the better.Pray to whomever, whatever, and whenever you choose. Pray to the mountain, pray to the ancestors, pray to the Earth, pray to the Tao (but it won’t listen!), pray to the Great Mother, pray to Jehovah, Allah, Buddha, Jesus, Lakshmi, Siva, pray to the Great Spirit, it makes no difference. Praying is merely a device for realigning the mind, energy, and passion of your local self with the mind, energy and passion of your universal self. When you pray, you are praying to the god or goddess within you. This has an effect on your energy field, which in turn translates into a positive charge that makes something good happen.
Barry Unsworth, Sacred Hunger|Money is sacred as everyone knows... So then must be the hunger for it and the means we use to obtain it. Once a man is in debt he becomes a flesh and blood form of money, a walking investment. You can do what you like with him, you can work him to death or you can sell him. This cannot be called cruelty or greed because we are seeking only to recover our investment and that is a sacred duty.
Laura Lee Gulledge, Page by Paige|Darian murdered them in cold blood. That’s a crime punishable with life in the Terrorscape, where you experience the worst nightmares imaginable.
Jim Corbett, The Man-Eating Leopard of Rudraprayag|No matter how often we fail in any endeavor, we never get used to the feeling of depression that assails us after each successive failure.
Thomas Carlyle, Sartor Resartus|Some comfort it would have been, could I, like a Faust, have fancied myself tempted and tormented of the Devil; for a Hell, as I imagine, without Life, though only Diabolic Life, were more frightful: but in our age of Downpulling and Disbelief, the very Devil has been pulled down, you cannot so much as believe in a Devil. To me the Universe was all void of Life, of Purpose, of Volition, even of Hostility: it was one huge, dead, immeasurable Steam-engine, rolling on, in its dead indifference, to grind me limb from limb.
Amanda Mackenzie Stuart|They took they hit the cobblestone streets to look at churches, with Isabella wearing suede Manolos. "She's breaking her legs and I tell her it's just ridiculous and that she had to get some proper shoes." She bought and put on a pair of espadrilles and promptly broke into tears. "I can't. I can't. Everytime I look down on my feet I feel so depressed." Roberts said, "Well, are you going to be depressed or are you going to have a broken ankle?" "I am going to have a broken ankle" she said and she threw the shoes away.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|...art had no moral responsibility. Art, he argued, should strive only to be a beautiful object entirely separate from its creator.
W.H. Davies, The Collected Poems of William H. Davies|What is this life if, full of care, We have no time to stand and stare?
David Justice|It's meant I will act like less of an asshole, but feel much more like one.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Instead of clinging to the only Lifeboat that can save, we have tossed overboard biblical truths in the name of [compromise], living on the edge of life, like the man who rides the parameter of a hurricane, daring it to sweep him away.
Arnold Bennett|Its language is a language which the soul alone understands, but which the soul can never translate. 
C.S. Lewis|The incalculable winds of fantasy and music and poetry, the mere face of a girl, the song of a bird, or the sight of a horizon, are always blowing evil’s whole structure away.
Carl Safina, The View from Lazy Point: A Natural Year in an Unnatural World|I'm no one... I don't want to be anyone. I stepped into singularity to exist within a void. I'm no one... However, I am becoming... Imagination. I am grabbing conception, and leaving humanity behind. Humans have lost their sight, and individuality makes people blind to the truth. It makes people believe that anything is possible. Only nothing is possible. But then again, my words are the words of no one.
Rollo May, The Meaning of Anxiety|in this type of anxiety neurosis the anxious attitude is so intimately a part of the individual's method of evaluating stimuli, of orienting herself or himself to every experience, that he or she cannot separate him-or herself enough from anxiety to comprehend the goal of avoidance of, or freedom from, anxiety. What Nancy sought was to be able to step cautiously from rock to rock without falling; the idea or possibility of not being on a precipice at all did not occur to her.
Josh Shipp, The Teen's Guide to World Domination: Advice on Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Awesomeness|You demand respect and you'll get it. First of all, you give respect.
N. Kazantzakis|A useful definition of liberty is obtained only by seeking the principle of liberty in the main business of human life, that is to say, in the process by which men educate their responses and learn to control their environment.
Anthony T. Hincks|I may be very poor, but I'm rich in so many other ways.
Christopher Pike, Black Blood|Lover," she whispers, and closes her eyes.It falls upon her.Love is like dying.
Allan Dare Pearce, Paris in April|He believed a man should never be sober but never be drunk. And he believed in watching out for family, even if you had to stay sober for a few hours; it was that important.
Emmeline Pankhurst, My Own Story|The militancy of men, through all the centuries, has drenched the world with blood, and for these deeds of horror and destruction men have been rewarded with monuments, with great songs and epics.
Eva Ibbotson, The Morning Gift|Live how you live, feel how you feel and fuck all the phonies in your way.
Donna Lynn Hope|There is enchantment in wondering...in seeing a beautiful portrait every now and then rather than an overabundance of the overexposed; I wanted the figure before me to remain a magnificent mystery, like any alluring woman is as the rarity of a thing is what makes it valuable, even an enigma, and when something or someone is that, they become captivating.
Soraya Diase Coffelt|My late husband and I started our sons off as readers at a very young age. Today, they are voracious readers.
Philip K. Dick|If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
George A. Romero|Thursday night football is here to stay. So we're looking at ways to make it safer. Now they're playing division games, so you limit travel. Now the question is, should you play Sunday night before a Thursday night?
Gabriel Mann|I've been more or less vegetarian for about 40 years. Health diet really helps. I do meditation every day, and either yoga or sport several times a week.
Rachel Vincent, Alpha|I want you. I want you so badly I can’t stand it. When you left, it felt like the world got darker. Like I couldn’t truly see anything. Couldn’t feel anything.
Isa Quintin, LadyKiller|Grace me dijo eso de que los abogados no saben de amor, menos uno de divorcios.
Rick Bragg, Ava's Man|It is true that almost everyone in the foothills farmed and hunted, so there were no breadlines, no men holding signs that begged for work and food, no children going door to door, as they did in Atlanta, asking for table scraps. Here, deep in the woods, was a different agony. Babies, the most tenuous, died from poor diet and simple things, like fevers and dehydration. In Georgia, one in seven babies died before their first birthday, and in Alabama it was worse.You could feed your family catfish and jack salmon, poke salad and possum, but medicine took cash money, and the poorest of the poor, blacks and whites, did not have it. Women, black and white, really did smother their babies to save them from slow death, to give a stronger, sounder child a little more, and stories of it swirled round and round until it became myth, because who can live with that much truth.
Murray Leinster, The Wailing Asteroid|We are all just humans trying to survive in this crazy world, in the spaces between birth and death.
Jonas Karlsson|He realized that, despite the dangers and alarms of the day, waiting was perhaps the worst thing of all.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz|I do not do free e-books. I occasionally like to eat that thing you people call "food".
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|I have done this—made the sad prince laugh. Made his grieving parents smile. None but me. Think you only kings have power? Stand on a stage and hold the hearts of men in your hands. Make them laugh with a gesture, cry with a word. Make them love you. And you will know what power is.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|Have you thought of an ending?""Yes, several, and all are dark and unpleasant.""Oh, that won't do! Books ought to have good endings. How would this do: and they all settled down and lived together happily ever after?""It will do well, if it ever came to that.""Ah! And where will they live? That's what I often wonder.
Jhumpa Lahiri, Unaccustomed Earth|But death, too, had the power to awe, she knew this now-that a human being could be alive for years and years, thinking and breathing and eating, full of a million worries and feelings and thoughts, taking up space in the world, and then, in an instant, become absent, invisible.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Belief in God puts our life on autopilot. We know that someone up there is watching us and is in control. Losing our faith puts off the autopilot, we have to run it manually, and check if everything is alright for ourselves. No wonder religion has a wide appeal; most of us are lazy and would like a supreme being to be in charge
Terry Pratchett, The Carpet People|You don't ask people with knives in their stomachs what would make them happy; happiness is no longer the point. It's all about survival; it's all about whether you pull the knife out and bleed to death or keep it in, in the hope that you might be lucky, and the knife has actually been staunching the blood. You want to know the conventional medical wisdom? The conventional medical wisdom is that you keep the knife in. Really.
David Hodgson, A Fractured Land: Tales of the Northern Realms|Elves are extremely long-lived -- the passing years are but a blink of an eye to them. What also sets them apart from us is the very narrow window during which they can procreate, and, as a natural consequence, their very low fertility. The Aen Seidhe believe this to be the main reason for their decline. As one of my elven friends put it, "Even though we fought like wolves, we lost to a race which fucks like rabbits.
Scott Stabile|I am continually coming back to the belief that I know nothing, or that there are much deeper places to go with what I think I know. It's liberating, actually. I don't think the biggest questions can be answered with any certainty. I'm becoming more and more peaceful not knowing.
Sofia Coppola|I had a teacher, he was 86 years old and his name was Luigi in New York City, and he said, 'Never stop moving. You get to reinvent yourself.' So you have to find ways to reinventing yourself. Especially today, because it's a whole different market - social media is so important.
Luffina Lourduraj|Fight your battles through prayer,And win your battles through faith.
Anamika Mishra|If you won’t trust yourself, nobody else will.
Allison Winn Scotch|I suppose you think you know what autumn looks like. Even if you live in the Los Angeles dreamed of by September’s schoolmates, you have surely seen postcards and photographs of the kind of autumn I mean. The trees go all red and blazing orange and gold, and wood fires burn at night so everything smells of crisp branches. The world rolls about delightedly in a heap of cider and candy and apples and pumpkins and cold stars rush by through wispy, ragged clouds, past a moon like a bony knee. You have, no doubt, experienced a Halloween or two.	Autumn in Fairyland is all that, of course. You would never feel cheated by the colors of a Fairyland Forest or the morbidity of a Fairyland moon. And the Halloween masks! Oh, how they glitter, how they curl, how their beaks and jaws hook and barb! But to wander through autumn in Fairyland is to look into a murky pool, seeing only a hazy reflection of the Autumn Provinces’ eternal fall. And human autumn is but a cast-off photograph of that reflecting pool, half burnt and drifting through the space between us and Fairyland.	And so I may tell you that the leaves began to turn red as September and her friends rushed through the suddenly cold air on their snorting, roaring high wheels, and you might believe me. But no red you have ever seen could touch the crimson bleed of the trees in that place. No oak gnarled and orange with October is half as bright as the boughs that bent over September’s head, dropping their hard, sweet acorns into her spinning spokes. But you must try as hard as you can. Squeeze your eyes closed, as tight as you can, and think of all your favorite autumns, crisp and perfect, all bound up together like a stack of cards. That is what it is like, the awful, wonderful brightness of Fairy colors. Try to smell the hard, pale wood sending up sharp, green smoke into the afternoon. To feel to mellow, golden sun on your skin, more gentle and cozier and more golden than even the light of your favorite reading nook at the close of the day.
Virginia Woolf, Three Guineas|No guinea of earned money should go to rebuilding the college on the old plan just as certainly none could be spent upon building a college upon a new plan: therefore the guinea should be earmarked "Rags. Petrol. Matches." And this note should be attached to it. "Take this guinea and with it burn the college to the ground. Set fire to the old hypocrisies. Let the light of the burning building scare the nightingales and incarnadine the willows. And let the daughters of educated men dance round the fire and heap armful upon armful of dead leaves upon the flames. And let their mothers lean from the upper windows and cry, "Let it blaze! Let it blaze! For we have done with this 'education!
Francine Prose, Reading Like a Writer: A Guide for People Who Love Books and for Those Who Want to Write Them|With so much reading ahead of you, the temptation might be to speed up. But in fact it’s essential to slow down and read every word. Because one important thing that can be learned by reading slowly is the seemingly obvious but oddly underappreciated fact that language is the medium we use in much the same way a composer uses notes, the way a painter uses paint. I realize it may seem obvious, but it’s surprising how easily we lose sight of the fact that words are the raw material out of which literature is crafted.
Suzanne Selfors, Coffeehouse Angel|Yeah, and so Max and Dylan are supposed to, like, go to Germany and have kids together," I heard Gazzy say. My eyes popped open and I bolted upright."What?" Fang said, his voice icy."Gazzy!" I yelled.Wide blue eyes looked at me in surprise, then back at Fang's stoic face. "Oh. Was I not supposed to say anything?" Gazzy asked.
Jay Woodman|I’ll listen if you want me to... But I think I should tell you now that nothing you can say will make any difference. If you don’t mind that, I don’t mind listening.
Douglas Booth|I think people get a sense of possibility when they're on a plane, even romantic possibility, wondering if the perfect person is going to sit down next to them or something.
Peter  Rogers, Straight A at Stanford and on to Harvard|The night before a biochemistry class, I read the lecture notes from last year. I look at the pictures in the book. I read some of the book.Now, I've got the general concept. Sure...There's a couple of details to fill in and a few things to memorize. but that's no big deal. I've got the big picture and that's all I need.Bring it on professor. I'm ready.That's right.The next day, I'm a goalie sitting in the front row.Nothin gets past me...My ability to comprehend a biochemistry lecture just went up from 30% to 95%.I went on to score 780 out of a possible 800 on the medical school biochemistry boards exam (USMLE 1). Given that the 99th percentile began around 690, this was one of the highest scores in the USA, perhaps the highest.
Amish Tripathi, The Oath of the Vayuputras|To believe in luck, you must believe that the universe is a roulette wheel and that instead of paying out to us what we have earned, it pays out only what it wishes. But it is not a spinning wheel of chance, it is a work of art, complete and framed by eternity.
Toni Morrison, The Bluest Eye|But to find out the truth about how dreams die, one should never take the word of the dreamer.
Kris Gopalakrishnan|My grandmother died in 1991 and I was born in '86. We only met once, but I didn't speak English and she didn't speak Spanish - so we had a communication problem.
Napoléon Bonaparte|A man’s greatness is neither determined by having great dreams nor by his determination to realize them; but by his contribution - however small may be - to the progression of the humanity, without forgetting other creatures as well!
Caitlín R. Kiernan, Threshold|Mati took in my expression, and a moment later I was in his arms. His kisses washed over me like floodwater over parched earth. I clutched him helplessly, tears falling down my face and mingling with his as he whispered my name.
Kenya Wright, Bad for You 2|The only time you've been under me is when I've been inside of you and even then, you're never truly under me. I always remain under you.
Michelangelo|I think there is no work of art which represents the spirit of a nation more surely than "Die Meister Singer" of Richard Wagner. Here is no plaything with local colour  but the raising to its highest power all that is best in the national consciousness of his country.
Sunday Adelaja|God has received us into His family, He is the possessor of everything
John R.W. Stott|Even when the odds are overwhelming, you can believe in God and His promises.
Krista Ritchie, Damaged Like Us|Charlie waves me on, then leans an elbow on his chair. Propping his head up with a finger by his te
Karen Joy Fowler, We Are All Completely Beside Ourselves|I didn't realize it until now, but I don't really know anything about them, or what kind of people they are, really. You can't see inside a person's heart.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Hound of the Baskervilles|The devil’s agents may be of flesh and blood, may they not?
Banana Yoshimoto, The Lake|A particular variety of loneliness, like peering deep into the darkness. It's only natural, when two separate universes touch.
John   Kramer, Blythe|In politics and passion, perception is reality.
Thomas Tusser|A Christmas candle is a lovely thing; It makes no noise at all, But softly gives itself away; While quite unselfish, it grows small.
Thomas Paine|Like most guys, I've always liked watches. I can always check the time on my phone, but having a watch is so much better.
Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies|The elevator shaft was a kind of heat sink. Hot food was cold by the time it arrived. Cold food got colder. No one knew what would happen to ice cream, but it would probably involve some rewriting of the laws of thermodynamics.
Dr. Seuss, Oh, The Places You'll Go!|You won't lag behind, because you'll have the speed. You'll pass the whole gang and you'll soon take the lead.Wherever you fly, you'll be best of the best.Wherever you go, you will top all the rest.Except when you don't.Because, sometimes, you won't.
Gift Gugu Mona|Every time you hurt my heart, you are actually making it stronger than before.
Jaye L. Knight, The King's Scrolls|It is not the fault of the stars that they shine brightly, but the fault of our eyes that they cannot handle light.
Craig Olson|We take a cavalier approach to Scripture at our own peril. If the scientific and historical accounts are true, then the commandments, promises and penalties are much more so. The Bible is not just a guideline. It is the authoritative Word of God. Disobeying it has consequences. Obeying it has rewards. Yet we fudge. We compromise. We rationalize. We trade away our spiritual integrity for man’s approval and as we do, we gradually erode our ability to distinguish right from wrong, to see our own failings, and to turn back in repentance to God. We simply have no idea how this cavalier attitude towards God’s Word taints our witness and hinders the kingdom of God.
U.G. Krishnamurti, No Way Out: Dialogues with Krishnamurti|Nature is interested in only two things—to survive and to reproduce one like itself. Anything you superimpose on that, all the cultural input, is responsible for the boredom of man. So we have varieties of religious experience. You are not satisfied with your own religious teachings or games; so you bring in others from India, Asia or China. They become interesting because they are something new. You pick up a new language and try to speak it and use it to feel more important. But basically, it is the same thing.
Sheryl Sandberg|Feedback is an opinion, grounded in observations and experiences, which allows us to know what impression we make on others.
Dana Marton, Deathwish|I'm a patient man, but I'm not going to wait endlessly."	"But...," She stammered.	"But what?"	"It's so fast."	He growled. "When I went slow, you wanted fast. Now I'm going fast, you want slow. Luanne Mayfair, are you trying to drive me crazy on purpose, or is it just a lucky side benefit as far as you're concerned?
Anton Chekhov|In displaying the psychology of your characters, minute particulars are essential. God save us from vague generalizations!", May 10, 1886)
Kate Pearce, The Maverick Cowboy|He stood in the open door, hands planted on the roof of the Suburban. "I've never had a woman tell me I gave her nightmares before, but plenty have told me I played a prominent role in their dreams.
George Orwell, 1984|And what, brothers, I had to escape into sleep from then was the horrible and wrong feeling that it was better to get the hit than give it. If that veck had stayed I might even have like presented the other cheek.
Michael Crichton, Travels|I believe the experiences reported in this book are reproducible by anyone who wishes to try. I went to Africa. You can go to Africa. You may have trouble arranging the time or the money, but everybody has trouble arranging something. I believe you can travel anywhere if you want to badly enough.And I believe the same is true of inner travel. You don't have to take my word about chakras or healing energy or auras. You can find about them for yourself if you want to. Don't take my word for it. Be as skeptical as you like.Find out for yourself.
Sharon Salzberg, Love Your Enemies: How to Break the Anger Habit & Be a Whole Lot Happier|But I will tell you in all honesty that there is no Deity or Messiah, no Jesus or Muhammad, no angel or mythical spirit who can save you. Not even Buddha can save you, even if he or any of the other spirits wished it with all of their might, for your only salvation, if there is any, lies within you and you alone. Each of us has the potential for good as well as evil; it is whatever circumstances we find ourselves in and what choices we make in life which really takes us down one or the other path.
Edith Wharton, The Age of Innocence|If everyone realized the value of life, the world would be peaceful. The meaning of these words, "Do unto others as you would have them, do unto you," would be understood: It would be practiced.
Dada Bhagwan|Everything that is experienced through the five senses is all ‘discharge’. It is due to one’s merit karmas that everything works according to one’s wishes, but he claims, ‘I did it’ and when one faces losses, he will say, ‘God did it’ or ‘my horoscope is unfavorable’.
Megan Devine, It's Ok That You're Not Ok: Meeting Grief and Loss in a Culture That Doesn't Understand|The reality of grief is far different from what others see from the outside. There is pain in this world that you can't be cheered out of. You don't need solutions. You don't need to move on from your grief. You need someone to see your grief, to acknowledge it. You need someone to hold your hands while you stand there in blinking horror, staring at the hole that was your life. Some things cannot be fixed. They can only be carried.
Walter Scott, Ivanhoe|I have to get stronger, harder, and faster. The only way to get hard enough to walk the Apocalypse Road is in the crucible of battle.
Gustave Flaubert, Memoirs of a Madman|If there is on earth, and among all these things of nothing, a belief worthy of adoration, if there is anything holy, pure and sublime, anything answering that immoderate desire for the infinite and the vague that we call the soul, it is art.
Michael  White|Everyone else was trying to make things more complicated and Cronkite, typically, was trying to make them more simple.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, Mine the Harvest|The mind, at length bereftOf thinking and its pain,Will soon disperse again,And nothing will remain:No, not a thing be left.Only the ardent eye,Only the listening earCan say, "The thrush was here!"Can say, "His song was clear!"Can live, before it die.
American Psychiatric Association, Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders DSM-IV|Dissociation is characterized by a disruption of usually integrated functions of memory, consciousness, identity, or perception of the environment.
C.S.  James, Blue Ice|Ben & Jerry's Lifestyle: Lots of options, exciting flavors and never repeating a scoop.
Blaise Cendrars, Moravagine|At this stage of the game, I don’t have the time for patience and tolerance. Ten years ago, even five years ago, I would have listened to people ask their questions, explained to them, mollified them. No more. That time is past. Now, as Norman Mailer said in Naked and the Dead, ‘I hate everything which is not in myself.’ If it doesn’t have a direct bearing on what I’m advocating, if it doesn’t augment or stimulate my life and thinking, I don’t want to hear it. It has to add something to my life. There’s no more time for explaining and being ecumenical anymore. No more time. That’s a characteristic I share with the new generation of Satanists, which might best be termed, and has labeled itself in many ways, an ‘Apocalypse culture.’ Not that they believe in the biblical Apocalypse—the ultimate war between good and evil. Quite the contrary. But that there is an urgency, a need to get on with things and stop wailing and if it ends tomorrow, at least we’ll know we’ve lived today. It’s a ‘fiddle while Rome burns’ philosophy. It’s the Satanic philosophy. If the generation born in the 50’s grew up in the shadow of The Bomb and had to assimilate the possibility of imminent self destruction of the entire planet at any time, those born in the 60’s have had to reconcile the inevitability of our own destruction, not through the bomb but through mindless, uncontrolled overpopulation. And somehow resolve in themselves, looking at what history has taught us, that no amount of yelling, protesting, placard waving, marching, wailing—or even more constructive avenues like running for government office or trying to write books to wake people up—is going to do a damn bit of good. The majority of humans have an inborn death wish—they want to destroy themselves and everything beautiful. To finally realize that we’re living in a world after the zenith of creativity, and that we can see so clearly the mechanics of our own destruction, is a terrible realization. Most people can’t face it. They’d rather retreat to the comfort of New Age mysticism. That’s all right. All we want, those few of us who have the strength to realize what’s going on, is the freedom to create and entertain and share with each other, to preserve and cherish what we can while we can, and to build our own little citadels away from the insensitivity of the rest of the world.
Benjamin Franklin|We sing inspirational songs, songs of praise and worship, and about how good and how big God is. We are magnifying the Lord.
Kate Atkinson, Behind the Scenes at the Museum|Patricia embraces me on the station platform. 'The past is what you leave behind in life, Ruby,' she says with the smile of a reincarnated lama. 'Nonsense, Patricia,' I tell her as I climb on board my train. 'The past's what you take with you.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|He loved Shevek, but he could not show him what freedom is, that recognition of each person's solitude which alone transcends it.
David Hewson, Macbeth|Hairspray and blusher, eyelash curlers, eye-shadow palettes the size of tea-trays. Even before they left school it was as if they were already rehearsing for some witless kind of womanhood.
Tracie Miles, Stressed-Less Living: Finding God's Peace in Your Chaotic World|My stress resulted from not knowing God, not trusting him with my whole heart, seeking peace and purpose from the world instead of from him, and from being so afraid of change that I would rather suffer than obey.
Tamora Pierce|For throughout history, the synthesizing impulse has proved a powerful even world-changing, tool for understanding the universe, capable of penetrating the intricate,contradictory web of surface phenomena to reveal the universal,unified cosmos beneath--that fundamental,unchanging phenomenon we call truth.
Francis Bacon|The inquiry of truth, which is the love-making, or the wooing of it, the knowledge of truth, which is the presence of it, and the belief of truth, which is the enjoying of it, is the sovereign good of human nature.
Jo Nesbø, Phantom|Are you dying?"Cato lit his cigarette. "It's not acute, perhaps, but we're all dying, Harry.
Richelle Mead, The Golden Lily|Adrian, I'm on a date. Why are you here? On my car?
Mira Lyn Kelly, Waking Up Married|We will do anything to get away from our own pain. We will change our lives, rip people out, swallow a bottle of life-ending pills. When we hurt more than we can bear, when our lives get that dark, it's shocking what we will do to protect ourselves.
Nick Harkaway, Tigerman|Every culture has its distinctive and normal system of government. Yours is democracy, moderated by corruption. Ours is totalitarianism, moderated by assassination.
A.D. Posey|You are happy and kind; therefore, you are successful.
Nikki Sixx|I just think if I can go from being a homeless kid with a dream of being in the biggest band in the world and making that happen, I can do a lot of other cool stuff, too.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|All this ferment was public, we might almost say tranquil.The imminent insurrection gathered its storm calmly in the face of the government. No singularity was lacking in this crisis, still subterranean, but already perceptible. The middle class talked quietly with workingmen about the preparations. They would say, "How is the uprising coming along?" in the same tone in which they would have said, " How's your wife?
Ntambara Sylvestre Owen Berbason|People of this era are just like a butterfly that is controlled by candles' light where it follows the light in darkness without knowing where it is going to be destined similar to the people, they just insist on believing things that cannot be physically proven instead of doing what can make them to develop and successful, they just waste their time on beliefs (religious).
Reinhold Niebuhr|Goodness, armed with power, is corrupted; and pure love without power is destroyed.
Solange nicole|Encourage don't belittle, embrace their individuality. And show them that no matter what they will always have value if they stay true to themselves.
Vera Nazarian|The other day, when I was deciding where to place a mountain range, how to make a river's flow detour around underground stalactite caves, and what precise color to give the sky at sunset, I realized I was God... or an artist and a writer.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|If you want the people to understand you, invite them to your life and let them see the world from your window!
Ken Poirot|Creativity is like the ocean: sometimes it is an unstoppable wave bursting forth, crashing onto the shore, and overwhelmingly flowing with no hope of restraint; other times it is completely still, lingering aimlessly and endlessly, seemingly devoid of any inspiration.
Frida Giannini|I had one of those defining moments in the fourth grade when my teacher said the story I wrote was the best in the class, and therefore I would be going Young Authors Conference where I'd get to hang out with authors all day.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Today, we have many ways of defining success in life. Some define it as being a sports hero, others as being wealthy, others as being popular and well liked, and still others as being happy. How does God define success? He defines it as being spiritually mature!
Joey W. Hill, Worth the Wait|God, he was going to destroy her. But maybe for the first time in her life, she’d found a man worth shattering for.
Michael McCaul|In the Steven F. Austin Colony, which was the first colony, Texans first established a provisional government in 1835 with the intention of writing a declaration of independence soon after.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Something amazing happens when the rest of the world is sleeping. I am glued to my chair. I forget that I ever wanted to do anything but write. The crowded city, the crowded apartment, and the crowded calendar suddenly seem spacious. Three or four hours pass in a moment; I have no idea what time it is, because I never check the clock. If I chose to listen, I could hear the swish of taxis bound for downtown bars or the soft saxophone riffs that drift from a neighbor's window, but nothing gets through. I am suspended in a sensory deprivation tank, and the very lack of sensation is delicious.
Daisy Goodwin, The American Heiress|Perhaps she would never really know him. A year and a half ago that though would have been unbearable to her, but now she had learnt to live with uncertainty, even to love it.
John Green|Like, in general I think people have very complicated reasons for wanting things, and we often have no idea whether we’re actually motivated by altruism or a desire to hook up or a search for answers or what. I always get annoyed when in books or movies characters want clear things for clear reasons, because my experience of humanness is that I always want messy things for messy reasons.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|I am going to sit here in the river. If you go home to sleep, I will sleep in front of your house. And if you go away, I will follow you--until you tell me to go away. Then I'll leave. But I have to love you for the rest of my life..
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|When your breath is slow and deep, your mind calm, raise your hands and focus on your palms. You will feel the subtle energy that connects body and mind: LifeParticles.
Philip Johnson|What can we gain by sailing to the moon if we are not able to cross the abyss that separates us from ourselves? This is the most important of all voyages of discovery, and without it, all the rest are not only useless, but disastrous.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|If you experience any emotion like frustration, hesitation or anger, while planning your dream life , means you need to clear some mental blocks.
David Davis, Librarian's Night Before Christmas|They spent pork-barrel money like a tidal-wave sea, but no funds trickled down far enough to reach me. Our books numbered few and were falling apart, and I sat mending pages with a crestfallen heart.
Ibrahim Babangida|Although... the Chief Magistrate must almost of necessity be chosen by a party and stand pledged to its principles and measures, yet in his official action he should not be the President of a party only, but of the whole people of the United States.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Just beyond the ticket booth Father had painted on a wall in bright red letters the question: DO YOU KNOW WHICH IS THE MOST DANGEROUS ANIMAL IN THE ZOO? An arrow pointed to a small curtain. There were so many eager, curious hands that pulled at the curtain that we had to replace it regularly. Behind it was a mirror. 
Celine Dion|I'm about caring, I'm about people, and I'm about entertaining people. I'm a family man. A husband. A father. I've been a lot of other things over the years, which we don't really want to talk about.
Eliot Spitzer|There is something sad about malevolence, to be wicked. I have always tried to make that come across in the villains I have played.
Luther Standing Bear, My Indian Boyhood|Remember, the opposite of bravery is not cowardice, but conformity.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|...often, stepping outside your comfort zone is not careless irresponsibility, but a necessary act of obedience.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Sometimes the fact that you can't sense God isn't an indication that He is not there. It is just an indication that you are hanging out in the wrong place.The cave is not a physical location, it is a state of mind.
Kathryn Davis, Duplex|That’s why we all hate ’em, he thought. Those expressionless eyes watch us, those big faces turn to follow us, and doesn’t it just look as if they’re making notes and taking names? If you heard that one had bashed in someone’s head over in Quirm or somewhere, wouldn’t you just love to believe it? A voice inside, a voice which generally came to him only in the quiet hours of the night or, in the old days, half-way down a whiskey bottle, added: Given how we use them, maybe we’re scared because we know we deserve it…
Elizabeth Kolbert, The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History|Evolution is no longer just a theory; it has been proven true beyond a reasonable doubt. The problem is, even people who believe evolution is true disassociate themselves from the process. They somehow skipped all the lower forms of animal life and just started out at the top of the evolutionary ladder.The evidence says we evolved as life evolved.Human beings did not just appear at the top of the evolutionary ladder to reap the benefits of those millions of years of evolution without having to live through it.In other words, you were those other animals. Someone had to be them.You had to be lower animals to be a human now. You lived as all the different animals in your evolutionary line. You lived through millions of years, and millions of lives and deaths to get to where you are now. That's what Darwin's book means.
Stephen King, The Stand|Every man or woman who loves Him, they hate Him too, because He's a hard God, a jealous God.
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|WILDE: Oh — Bosie! (He weeps.) I have to go back to him, you know. Robbie will be furious but it can't be helped. The betrayal of one's friends is a bagatelle in the stakes of love, but the betrayal of oneself is a lifelong regret. Bosie is what became of me. He is spoiled, vindictive, utterly selfish and not very talented, but these are merely the facts. The truth is he was Hyacinth when Apollo loved him, he is ivory and gold, from his red rose-leaf lips comes music that fills me with joy, he is the only one who understands me. 'Even as a teething child throbs with ferment, so does the soul of him who gazes upon the boy's beauty; he can neither sleep at night nor keep still by day,' and a lot more besides, but before Plato could describe love, the loved one had to be invented. We would never love anybody if we could see past our invention. Bosie is my creation, my poem. In the mirror of invention, love discovered itself. Then we saw what we had made — the piece of ice in the fist you cannot hold or let go. (He weeps.)
Paul Graham|We have three centers: the emotional center, the intellectual center, and the physical body center. Each one of them has its own intelligence. How much better would we be if all three were working in unison?
Lauren Oliver, Liesl & Po|The marquis de Carabas was not a good man, and he knew himself well enough to be perfectly certain that he was not a brave man. He had long since decided that the world, Above or Below, was a place that wished to be deceived, and, to this end, he had named himself from a lie in a fairy tale, and created himself--his clothes, his manner, his carriage--as a grand joke.There was a dull pain in his wrists and his feet, and he was finding it harder and harder to breathe. There was nothing more to be gained by feigning unconsciousness, and he raised his head, as best he could, and spat a gob of scarlet blood into Mr. Vandemar's face.It was a brave thing to do, he thought. And a stupid one. Perhaps they would have let him die quietly, if he had not done that. Now, he had no doubt, they would hurt him more. And perhaps his death would come the quicker for it.
Randall Jarrell, The Complete Poems|Are there any capitalist cats?" Nakata asked
Renee Ahdieh, The Wrath and the Dawn|The tears and the pain all but blinding her, she forced open her eyes one more time, to a curtain of dark hair; to a waterfall of black ink spilling across the last page of her life. No. I’m not nothing. I was loved.
Henry Louis Gates|A rescue mission doesn't involve going in and just taking a child and leaving. You can't just choose any child at random. Every kid has a case that is based on that child's original family. So, we made it over to a village, found the child; we were interacting with the child.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|Who is a magician? The one who says, "I bring nonliving people to life.
Orson Scott Card, The Lost Gate|Wear none of thine own Chains; but keep free, whilst thou art free.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|The world is like a brute beast, you teach it how it should behave towards you
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Life of the Beloved: Spiritual Living in a Secular World|Aren't you, like me, hoping that some person, thing, or event will come along to give you that final feeling of inner well-being you desire? Don't you often hope: 'May this book, idea, course, trip, job, country or relationship fulfill my deepest desire.' But as long as you are waiting for that mysterious moment you will go on running helter-skelter, always anxious and restless, always lustful and angry, never fully satisfied. You know that this is the compulsiveness that keeps us going and busy, but at the same time makes us wonder whether we are getting anywhere in the long run. This is the way to spiritual exhaustion and burn-out. This is the way to spiritual death.
Anne Rice, The Wolf Gift|I thought you could build a story that would function as a machine or else a complex of machines, each one moving separately, yet part of a process that ultimately would produce an emotion or a sequence of emotions. You could swap out parts, replace them if they got too old. And this time you would build in some redundancy, if only just to handle the stress.One question was: Would the engine still work if you were aware of it, or if you were told how it actually functioned? Maybe this was one of the crucial differences between a story and a machine.
Tom Freston|You should carefully study the Art of Reasoning, as it is what most people are very deficient in, and I know few things more disagreeable than to argue, or even converse with a man who has no idea of inductive and deductive philosophy.
Gayle Forman, I Was Here|... And what am I to do?""Well, that depends. Do you like the girl?""Like her? I don't know. How do you know if...?""It's very simple. Do you look at her furtively and feel like biting her?""Biting her?""On her backside, for example.
Kat Kaelin|I replayed the moment I first saw him at the picnic throughout our years together. As corny as it may sound, from the first glance we shared near the cake stand at the picnic, the two of us remained connected like the icing on one of those made from scratch cakes...
Julia Gregson, East of the Sun|One of the the things she most liked about the city -apart from all its obvious attractions, the theatre, the galleries, the exhilarating walks by the river- was that so few people ever asked you personal questions.
André Gide, The Immoralist|Do you know why our poetry today and especially our philosophy are such dead issues? Because they've cut themselves off from life. Now, Greece idealized on life's own level: an artist's life was already a poetic achievement; a philosopher's life was an enactment of his philosophy; and when they were a part of life that way, instead of ignoring each other, philosophy could nourish poetry, poetry express philosophy, and together achieve an admirable persuasiveness. Today beauty no longer acts; and action no longer bothers about being beautiful; and wisdom operates on the sidelines.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Christian should stand out like a sparkling diamond against a rough background. He should be more wholesome than anyone else. He should be poised, cultured, courteous, gracious, but firm in the things that he does and does not do. He should laugh and be radiant, but he should refuse to allow the world to pull him down to its level.
Nicolas Chamfort|All that I've learned, I've forgotten. The little that I still know, I've guessed.
Washington Irving, The Legend of Sleepy Hollow|To look upon its grass grown yard, where the sunbeams seem to sleep so quietly, one would think that there at least the dead might rest in peace.
Susan Anton|Generally, when a record label suggests album ideas for you, you smile politely, and then proceed to shoot it down, because it's never what you as an artist feel is right for you.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Man wants to live, but it is useless to hope that this desire will dictate all his actions.
Peter Trachtenberg, Another Insane Devotion: On The Love of Cats and Persons|Why should I be frightened of dying? I did not know what death truly was; no one did. Who had made dying a bad word? Yes, it was universally considered awful—unwanted, painful, feared—because when it happened it stopped us from moving and being, and we interpreted that as if something had ended. But what if it were actually a beautiful experience? What if, with death, something actually began instead?
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|God is my strength and my defense. When I am weak, he makes me strong. When I am broken, he makes me whole.
Vivek Shanbhag, Ghachar Ghochar|Amma and Malati called her a beggar, a whore, and it was clear from the disbelief on her face that she had never been spoken to in such manner. [....] On that day I became convinced that it is the words of women that deeply wound other women.
Debasish Mridha|We are young, life is vivacious, life is fun, let's enjoy it, at the beach with loving sun.
Roland Smith, Storm Runners|This is Simba," Nicole said, pointing to the lion. "Is he dangerous?" Asked Chase."Not really. He mauled a trainer, but nothing much.
Chelsea Ballinger, Rise Of The True Immortal|You drank my blood." With one arched brow, Rachel seared Rees with her stare."Yes, but only because he commanded it.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|She was dry. She was lying on something soft. She was wrapped in quilts. There was a star of light drifting above her, and a smell like a herb garden. Taggle was a long warmth stretched out at one side, his chin in her hand, his tail curled over her neck. She thought they might be in heaven.Taggle farted.Plain Kate coughed and sneezed. And then she really was awake.
Betsy Cornwell, Tides|Beware the soft-spoken when secrets are kept, for they hear what the thunderers do not.
Drew Houston|Life is a roller coaster. There are ups; there are downs. There are hills; there are valleys, peaks, and so on.
John Maynard Keynes|It is difficult to put words to the smell of decomposing human. It is dense and cloying, sweet but not flower-sweet. Halfway between rotting fruit and rotting meat.
C.S. Lewis|Can a mortal ask questions which God finds unanswerable? Quite easily, I should think. All nonsense questions are unanswerable.
Compton Gage|Faith is the substance of things hoped for, evidence of things not seen.
Joyce Meyer, Living Beyond Your Feelings: Controlling Emotions So They Don't Control You|If you want to give the devil a nervous breakdown, just get up every day and see how much good you can do.
Laura Kreitzer, Abyss|The woman turns away; one wing blackens like an onyx gem while the other glows white like a bright spotlight. She flies into the sky, leaving the crowd staring in astonishment. Angels fly away in two directions. Half make a black storm of moving, twisting shapes. The other half forms a white-as-snow moving cloud. The ranks are divided.
Evelyn Waugh|When I was a boy, I used to wake up thinking that the world was ending.
Cecelia Ahern, Thanks for the Memories|A veil hangs between the two opposites, a mere slip of a thing that is transparent to warn us or comfort us. You hate now but look through this veil and see the possibility of love; you're sad now but look through to the other side and see happiness. Absolute composure to a complete mess - it happens so quickly, all in the blink of an eye.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|The biggest, toughest competition in the future will be the battle for your time and attention. Your one thing — your call to adventure — is your best tool in that battle.
Karpov Kinrade, Seduced: Rose's Story|What kind of a day was it? A day like all others, that alters and illuminates our times. And you were there.
Linda M. Williams|July 15, 1991Nita: My mother was a paragon of our neighborhood, People always come up to us with hugs, saying "You have the most wonderful mother." l'd think. “Don't you see what's going on in this house?” To this day, if somehow even in jest raises their hand to me, I will do this (raises hands to protect face and cowers) I cringe. Then they look at me like, what's your probem? You don't get that from a great childhood.
Liezi, Lieh-tzu: A Taoist Guide to Practical Living|There was a man whose only son died of a sudden illness. He did not mourn for his son, nor was he sad about it. His friends were curious about his behavior, so they asked him, "Your only son is dead. You should be heartbroken. Why do you act as if nothing had happened?"The man replied, "Before my son came, I had no son. I was certainly not heartbroken back then. Now I have no son. Why should I be heartbroken now?
Sue Grafton, B is for Burglar|Meg invited me to come again, but I always had reasons why I couldn't: my schedule was busy, bus fare wasn't cheap. Both of which were true, even if they weren't the truth.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The New Year is a painting not yet painted; a path not yet stepped on; a wing not yet taken off! Things haven’t happened as yet! Before the clock strikes twelve, remember that you are blessed with the ability to reshape your life!
Norm Dicks|Sometimes I see myself fine, sometimes I need a witness. And I like the whole truth, but there are nights I only need forgiveness.
Carl G. Jung|The unconscious no sooner touches us than we are it―we become unconscious of ourselves. That is the age-old danger, instinctively known and feared by primitive man, who himself stands so very close to this pleroma. His consciousness is still uncertain, wobbling on its feet. It is still childish, having just emerged from the primal waters. A wave of the unconscious may easily roll over it, and then he forgets who he was and does things that are strange to him. Hence primitives are afraid of uncontrolled emotions, because consciousness breaks down under them and gives way to possession. All man's strivings have therefore been directed towards the consolidation of consciousness. This was the purpose of rite and dogma; they were dams and walls to keep back the dangers of the unconscious, the "perils of the soul." Primitive rites consist accordingly in the exorcising of spirits, the lifting of spells, the averting of the evil omen, propitiation, purification, and the production by sympathetic magic of helpful occurrences."―from_Archetypes of the Collective Unconscious_
Samuel Butler|What I claim is to live to the full the contradiction of my time, which may well make sarcasm the condition of truth.
P.A. Minyard, The Beloved|Love isn't something you take from one to give to another. Love is to be shared among all; the more people we have in our family, the more love there will be to share.
Jennifer Saunders|I'm mad about gardening. I have an allotment on the other side of Hampstead Heath, and I keep three hens in my garden.
Ella Fox, Broken Hart|Being in a relationship doesn’t mean that you never get aroused by anything else ever again. It just means that you don’t act on it. I think it’s healthy to maintain the ability to be aroused in other situations. Relationships shouldn’t be a prison.You’d have gotten hard before, and you should now. As long as you know that the only person you’re going to be sliding your big hard cock in to, we’re fine. There really is a happy medium between the craziness of your parents with their compulsion to continue having sex with anyone they wanted, and couples who expect one another to be perfect at all times with the idea that no feelings of sexuality outside of the relationship are acceptable. Both of those types of relationships would never work for me. What’s perfect for me is that we stay ourselves, and make each other truly happy
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There is no short cut to success, but there are guidelines to success!
Umberto Eco, Numero zero|I'd lost all faith in everything, except for the certainty that there's always someone behind our backs waiting to deceive us.
Anne Holm, I Am David|Despite our earnest efforts, we couldn't climb all the way up to God. So what did God do? In an amazing act of condescension, on Good Friday, God climbed down to us, became one with us. The story of divine condescension begins on Christmas and ends on Good Friday. We thought, if there is to be business between us and God, we must somehow get up to God. Then God came down, down to the level of the cross, all the way down to the depths of hell. He who knew not sin took on our sin so that we might be free of it. God still stoops, in your life and mine, condescends. “Are you able to drink the cup that I am to drink?” he asked his disciples, before his way up Golgotha. Our answer is an obvious, “No!” His cup is not only the cup of crucifixion and death, it is the bloody, bloody cup that one must drink if one is going to get mixed up in us. Any God who would wander into the human condition, any God who has this thirst to pursue us, had better not be too put off by pain, for that's the way we tend to treat our saviors. Any God who tries to love us had better be ready to die for it. As Chesterton writes, “Any man who preaches real love is bound to beget hate … Real love has always ended in bloodshed.
Tim Roth|And I think it's a prudent, responsible way, given the scale of the emergency, the scale of the damage still facing America, that we finance these additional support for the unemployed as well as the support for small business. We think there's a good case for doing it now. We want to do it in an overall fiscally responsible way.
Amit Kalantri|If your expenditure brings you poverty, then you may call yourself a poor but the world will call you a fool.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|A written word is the choicest of relics. It is something at once more intimate with us and more universal than any other work of art. It is the work of art nearest to life itself. It may be translated into every language, and not only be read but actually breathed from all human lips; -- not be represented on canvas or in marble only, but be carved out of the breath of life itself.
Alexander the Great|You drift through life and let things happen to you, or go by design and say, 'This is what I'm intended to do.'
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|You throw a stone into a deep pond. Splash. The sound is big, and it reverberates throughout the surrounding area. What comes out of the pond after that? All we can do is stare at the pond, holding our breath.
Jim Butcher, Ghost Story|Epic sex?" I sputtered. "By what standards, precisely, is sex judged to be epic?""And tons and tons of mortal simps like you used as pawns." Bob sighed happily, ignoring my question. "There are no words. It was like the Lord of the Rings and All My Children made a baby with the Macho Man Randy Savage and a Whac-A-Mole machine.
Hans Urs von Balthasar, Unless You Become Like This Child|Only the Christian religion, which in its essence is communicated by the eternal child of God, keeps alive in its believers the lifelong awareness of their being children, and therefore of having to ask and give thanks for things.
Leonardo da Vinci|Life and death are one thread, the same line viewed from different sides.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|The New testament commanded to love each other, pray for each other, encourage each other, admonish each other, greet each other, serve each other, teach each other, accept each other, honor each other, bear each other's burdens, forgive each other, submit to each other, be devoted each other, and many other mutual tasks. This is biblical membership!
Swapna Rajput|The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. — Victor Hugo
André Aciman, Call Me by Your Name|I think if you like somebody you have to tell them. It might be embarrassing to say it, but you will never regret stepping up. I know from personal experience, however, that you should not keep telling a girl that you like her after she tells you she isn't into it. You should not keep riding your bike by her house either.
Terry Tempest Williams|I do not write every day. I write to the questions and issues before me. I write to deadlines. I write out of my passions. And I write to make peace with my own contradictory nature. For me, writing is a spiritual practice. A small bowl of water sits on my desk, a reminder that even if nothing is happening on the page, something is happening in the room--evaporation. And I always light a candle when I begin to write, a reminder that I have now entered another realm, call it the realm of the Spirit. I am mindful that when one writes, one leaves this world and enters another. My books are collages made from journals, research, and personal experience. I love the images rendered in journal entries, the immediacy that is captured on the page, the handwritten notes. I love the depth of ideas and perspective that research brings to a story, be it biological or anthropological studies or the insights brought to the page by the scholarly work of art historians.When I go into a library, I feel like I am a sleuth looking to solve a mystery. I am completely inspired by the pursuit of knowledge through various references. I read newpapers voraciously. I love what newspapers say about contemporary culture. And then you go back to your own perceptions, your own words, and weigh them against all you have brought together. I am interested in the kaleidoscope of ideas, how you bring many strands of thought into a book and weave them together as one piece of coherent fabric, while at the same time trying to create beautiful language in the service of the story. This is the blood work of the writer.Writing is also about a life engaged. And so, for me, community work, working in the schools or with grassroots conservation organizations is another critical component of my life as a writer. I cannot separate the writing life from a spiritual life, from a life as a teacher or activist or my life intertwined with family and the responsibilities we carry within our own homes. Writing is daring to feel what nurtures and breaks our hearts. Bearing witness is its own form of advocacy. It is a dance with pain and beauty.
Daniel Mackler, Toward truth: A psychological guide to enlightenment|When enough insane people scream in harmony that they really are healthy, they can actually start to believe themselves. Or put even more simply: people with overlapping delusions get along wonderfully.
E.M. Forster, Where Angels Fear to Tread|Miss Abbott, don't worry over me. Some people are born not to do things. I'm one of them.
