Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|They slow your brain down," he said, clutching an orange bottle of pills. "They iron out all the wrinkles...Maybe all the bad stuff happens in the wrinkles, but all the good stuff does, too..."They break your brain like a horse, so it takes all your orders. I need a break that can break away, you know? I need to think. If I can't think, who am I?
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|Love has no demand of us but to keep practicing, to do the next hard thing. Love says, Come dear. Take the next step.
S.A.R.K.|Initially, I feel expansive when I try something new, and then contract as soon as I encounter difficulty or the unknown. I am learning to experiment with my tolerance of difficulty and the not knowing, in order to go further with my creative dreams.Whenever I experience contraction, I explore it by asking, "Where did I stop and why?" Building a creative dream life is not just about achieving, succeeding, or "meeting goals." It is also about floundering, stumbling, tripping and failing. 
Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species|When I view all beings not as special creations, but as the lineal descendants of some few beings which lived long before the first bed of the Silurian system was deposited, they seem to me to become ennobled.
Paul Bloom|We're not teaching our students the importance of relationships with other people: how you work with them, what the relational pathology consists of, how you examine your own conscience, how you examine the inner world, how you examine your dreams.
Mark Zuckerberg|Either you think, or else others have to think for you and take power from you, pervert and discipline your natural tastes, civilize and sterilize you.
Debasish Mridha|I don’t own anything, but I have everything.
Mignon McLaughlin|I like playing tennis. I've always enjoyed the process of being a tennis player; I'm just not sure that I enjoyed the travel at the end, and my body didn't recover from the day-to-day grind.
|If you have a friend who is always jealous of other people's success, then waste no time in separating yourself from that person, because when your own success comes, you would become their biggest enemy.
Bob Hudson|I haven't been wrong since 1961, when I thought I made a mistake.
Mark Beauregard, The Whale: A Love Story|And just as the same town, when looked at from different sides, appears quite different and is, as it were, multiplied in perspective, so also it happens that because of the infinite number of simple substances, it is as if there were as many different universes, which are however but different perspective representations of a single universe form the different point of view of each monad.
Donna Lynn Hope|Affliction equips the suffering to empathize with others in anguish and not only does it strengthen them, it enables them to be consoling comforters in a world full of hurt.
Louisa May Alcott|A good man often appears gauche simply because he does not take advantage of the myriad mean little chances of making himself look stylish. Preferring truth to form, he is not constantly at work upon the facade of his appearance.
Claire North, The Sudden Appearance of Hope|Perfection isn't something that we can see and it isn't something that we can touch, but it exists here on Earth.It resides in each and everyone of us within our hearts.It's called LOVE!
Ella Frank, Exquisite|That's a movie quote, right? You know, if you do that with books, people think you're intelligent."Sophie lowered her chin. "If this is your pathetic attempt to seduce me again, you're falling miserably." "I don't seduce woman." Phin shoved back his chair and stood up. "They fall into my open arms.""Clumsy of them.
Jerzy Kosinski|What was any art but a mould in which to imprison for a moment the shining elusive element which is life itself - life hurrying past us and running away, too strong to stop, too sweet to lose.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|There is no conflict, and no call for sacrifice, and no man is a threat to the aims of another—if men understand that reality is an absolute not to be faked, that lies do not work, that the unearned cannot be had, that the undeserved cannot be given, that the destruction of a value which is, will not bring value to that which isn’t.
Johanna Carroll, My Greatest Love, My Greatest Sorrow|Words of sorrow in head, painting love faith and trust pitch black; aching breaking cutting heart, blood-red!
Marcus Garvey|Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight.
Sue Saliba, Alaska|and it was the pretending that might explain how she could smile so brightly while her mind felt nothing - as if, at these times, there existed a disconnection between outer and inner, a shutting off, and the key to her happiness lay in warding off pain, or dodging it, or pushing it into the shape of something else - like shame or anger or even hope.
Stanley Hauerwas, Hannah's Child: A Theologian's Memoir|Theology sits rouged at the window and courts philosophy's favor, offering to sell her charms to it.
Stephen Crane, Maggie: A Girl of the Streets & Other Stories|But as the girl timidly accosted him, he gave a convulsive movement and saved hisrespectability by a vigorous side-step. He did not risk it to save a soul. For how was he toknow that there was a soul before him that needed saving?
Beatrice Wood|I feel so fortunate to have been able to work so much, particularly in the horror-thriller genre, but I would love to be able to do something perhaps a little more dramatic or even a romantic comedy.
David SterlingA. Sterling|Seriously, when you see a new book fresh on the stand and in big letters it says “A Million Copies Sold,” did you ever wonder who bought them?
Sarah Hyland|What gay culture is before it is anything else, before it is a culture of desire or a culture of subversion or a culture of pain, is a culture of friendship.
Michael Robbins|Something must bevery wrong,' it said,and I agreed,although it turned outthe author meant that 'no theoryof physics should produceinfinities with impunity.'I’d point out that every theoryof the heartproduces infinitieswith impunityif I were the kind of jerkwho uses the heartto mean the humantendency to makeothers sufferjust because wehate to sufferalone. I’m sorryI brought a fitted sheetto the beach. I’m sorry I’m selfish and determinedto make the worstof everything. I’msorry language is a ship that goes downwhile you’re building it.The Hesychasts of Byzantiumstripped their prayersof words. It’s been triedwith poems too. But insofaras I am a disappointment to myself and others, it seems fittingto set up shop in almost and not quite and that’s not what I meant. I draw the line at the heart,though, with itsinfinities.
Albert Einstein|We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Loni Love|I threw my son, Brandon, a rave for his birthday and I fully set it up like a crazy rave with lights and sound, me and my partner DJ'd - I got Mix Master Mike from the Beastie Boys to come DJ for a bit.
Orson Welles|…I keep looking for one more teacher, only to find that fish learn from the water and birds learn from the sky.” (p.275)
Karen Kingsbury, The Chance|Forgiveness makes you feel better. As soon as you forgive, you're free.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|To respect someone means to treat their ideas, personal space, belongings, and needs as equal in importance to your own, while to honor someone means to treat all those things as more important than your own.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|PROPOSE DAY POEM:Austerity..If.. I were to define..it’s you.. yoo hoo!-Happiness is what.. that makes me feel divine.. smiling you.. yoo hoo!!-What rose is in flowers..What moon is in stars..That you are to me..You and I will be we..You’re my life.. I.. I..You’re my life.. I.. I..I love you.. yoo hooI love you.. yoo hoo-O girl, O girl, O.. O.. girl.. you be mine..I love you.. I love you.. I love you.. yoo hoo.. You be my.. Valentine.-Just be mine.. I love you..O O Valentine!!!
Taslima Nasrin|For years, I had a top secret clearance and never left Russia. Just once did I go to Bulgaria with my wife for a holiday at the Golden Sands resort, but I could not mention my real name. I was allowed to travel abroad only in the early 1990s.
Awdhesh Singh, The Secret Red Book of Leadership|Those who are blindly led, blindly follow.
Jack Abramoff|I did this within a philosophical framework, and a moral and legal framework. And I have been turned into a cartoon of the greatest villain in the history of lobbying.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|So, preferring death to capture, I accomplished the most astonishing deeds, and which, more then once, showed me that the too great care we take of our bodies is the only obstacle to the sucess of those projects which require rapid decision, and vigorous and determined execution. In reality, when you have once devoted your life to your enterprises, you are no longer the equal of other men, or, rather, other men are no longer your equals, and whosoever has taken this resolution, feels his strength and resources doubled.
Tamara Stamenkovic|There is something way more bigger than just being a writer. Being a writer doesn’t mean you just write about things because you want that. It means that you are capable to feel this world and every emotion deepest than you can, and you’re just sharing that with people all around the world. It means that there is something common between infinity and writing. Writing makes me feel immortal. You just can’t stop, cause there are endless words inside of you…
Bill Watterson, The Complete Calvin and Hobbes|I wish I had more friends, but people are such jerks. If you can just get most people to leave you alone, you're doing good. If you can find even one person you really like, you're lucky. And if that person can also stand you, you're really lucky.
Laura     Miller, My Butterfly|All writers are manipulative liars." Jack O. Savage, The Poet
Neil Gaiman, Odd and the Frost Giants|There was a filmy veil of soft dull mist obscuring, but not hiding, all objects, giving them a lilac hue, for the sun had not yet fully set; a robin was singing ... The leaves were more gorgeous than ever; the first touch of frost would lay them all low to the ground. Already one or two kept constantly floating down, amber and golden in the low slanting sun-rays.
Karen DeCrow|All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
Yann Martel, The High Mountains of Portugal|A chill swept through the air, the sort of graveyard kiss promising bad news to follow.
Stephanie Bond, Whole Lotta Trouble|She had her own barometer for knowing when a man was getting too close: as soon as he felt comfortable enough to help himself to something in her refrigerator, he was history....Filching leftover was simply too domestic for her to stomach. A man might as well say, "I'm hungry and I'm taking your food, woman." First he'd be foraging for food in the fridge, next he'd be expecting her to cook for him, replace buttons on his shirt, and give up her job to have babies that looked like him.
Sontag, Susan|Perhaps the only people with the right to look at images of suffering of this extreme order are those who could do something to alleviate it— say, the surgeons at the military hospital where the photograph was taken—or those who could learn from it. The rest of us are voyeurs, whether or not we mean to be.
Morgan Chalfant, Ghosts of Glory|It's a strange experience, dying. People talk about how it creeps over you like a warm blanket. That's not true. It starts out warm, but then it hits you like a bucket of icy water after stepping out of a sweat lodge. Then it's all black like a void. I would know. I died and lived to tell about it.
Edgar Allan Poe|Quaff, oh quaff this kind nepenthe, and forget this lost Lenore!
John Paul Warren|I sometimes wonder if God calls us into the church because it represents not the people of God at their best but us at our worst. I wonder if he calls us to become embedded in this wretched institution precisely because it is wretched. And calls us to be a part of it not to reform it or save it or control it in any way, but to simply love it.
Anthony Marra, A Constellation of Vital Phenomena|We wear clothes, and speak, and create civilizations, and believe we are more than wolves. But inside us there is a word we cannot pronounce and that is who we are.
Carl Sagan|There are some laws that are coded into the very nature of the universe, and one is: There Is Never Enough Shelf Space.
Ayn Rand, The Virtue of Selfishness: A New Concept of Egoism|The man who does not value himself, cannot value anything or anyone.
Robyn Silverman, Good Girls Don't Get Fat: How Weight Obsession Is Messing Up Our Girls and How We Can Help Them Thrive Despite It|Fat-bashing in all its varied forms–criticism, exclusion, shaming, fat talk, self-deprecation, jokes, gossip, bullying–is one of the last acceptable forms of prejudice. From a very young age, before they can walk away or defend themselves, women are taught that they are how they look, not what they do or what they know. (1)
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|...and as she was crossing to the day-nursery he added thoughtlessly, 'And shut that window. I feel a draught.' 'O George, never ask me to do that. The window must always be left open for them, always, always.
Charles Bukowski, Ham on Rye|A library after closing is a lonely place. It is heart-poundingly silent, and the rows of shelves create an almost unfathomable number of dark and creepy corners.
Daniel Radcliffe|My dad believes in God, I think. I'm not sure if my mom does. I don't.
José Eduardo Agualusa, A General Theory of Oblivion|I have understood over these last years that in order to believe in God, it is essential to have trust in humanity. There is no God without humanity. I continue not to believe, neither in God, nor in humanity.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|I have a distinct air of myself standing amidst such a crowd of people. My eyes set above, looking at the tall building if it bespeaks a promising note. I don’t know how fair is life, All I know is I have a plan to alter the face of it, the way I choose. A purpose, a driving motive, and an obsession.
Michelle M. Pillow, The Perfect Prince|Apparently, the princes had found the only four women in the universes who didn’t dream of being royal, rich and adored by their husbands.
Richard Lange|I like the way we talk to each other. It feels honest. It was different with Manuel. One of us always had to win. Husbands and wives do that, worry more about being right than being truthful.
E.E. Cummings, Complete Poems, 1913-1962|a pretty girl, who naked isis worth a million statues
Dylan Thomas|An alcoholic is someone you don't like, who drinks as much as you do.
Wendell Berry, The Collected Poems, 1957-1982|Through my history's despiteand ruin, I have cometo its remainder, and herehave made the beginningof a farm intended to becomemy art of being here.By it I would instructmy wants: they should belongto each other and to this place.Until my song comes hereto learn its words, my artis but the hope of song.(Part 2 from History is Clearing, p 174)
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|Three ThingsThree things cannot be retrieved:The arrow once sped from the bowThe word spoken in hasteThe missed opportunity.(Ali the Lion, Caliph of Islam, son-in-law of Mohammed the Prophet),
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|the strength of open, unregulated information-sharing platforms is their responsiveness, not their insight or depth
Kate DiCamillo, Because of Winn-Dixie|Dear God, thank you for warm summer nights and candlelight and good food. But thank you most of all for friends. We appreciate the complicated and wonderful gifts you give us in each other. And we appreciate the task you put down before us, of loving each other the best we can, even as you love us. We pray in Christ's name, Amen.
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|You trusted me enough to jump off the wall, and I caught you.
Christi Barth, Love on the Boardwalk|He was a beautiful pagan god with the voice of a serial killer, but that didn’t make him any less god like. It just meant rather than dying in some dank basement or isolated cabin, I’d die bound on an altar as part of some gruesome sacrificial rite. Exsanguinating while he stood over my naked body with my blood dripping from an obsidian blade...Angelina Martin
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|As architect of your reality, you have the power to create it as you choose.
Alivia Anders, Obumbrate|Why didn't you let me die? You could have finally been free.""I gave up trying to imagine a world without you." - Essallie & Kayden
Derek Landy, Last Stand of Dead Men|Try - Takes the infinitive: "try to mend it," not "try and mend it." Students of the language will argue that 'try and' has won through and become idiom. Indeed it has, and it is relaxed and acceptable. But 'try to' is precise, and when you are writing formal prose, try and write 'try to.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|And the Great Adventure - the real life equivalent of all the adventure stories they'd devoured as boys - consisted of crouching in a dugout, waiting to be killed. The war that had promised so much in the way of 'manly' activity had actually delivered 'feminine' passivity, and on a scale that their mothers and sisters had hardly known. No wonder they broke down.
Steve Fossett|Watching baseball under the lights is like observing dogs indoors, at a pedigree show. In both instances, the environment is too controlled to suit the species.
Sanhita Baruah|You are the prisoner, the prison and the prison keeper. Only you hold the key to your freedom.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Father, I know you will hear me, I will speak.
Leigh Bardugo|Sometimes when we find love we pretend it away, or ignore it, or tell ourselves we're imagining it. Because it's the most painful kind of hope there is. By indifference . By death.
Guy Clark|All these years the people said 'He’s acting like a kid.' He did not know he could not fly, so he did. Well he’s one of those that knows that life is just a leap of faith. So spread your arms, hold your breath and always trust your cape.
Jonathan Martin, How to Survive a Shipwreck: Help Is on the Way and Love Is Already Here|This fits the pattern of how God responds to human suffering: We come looking for answers; God sends a hot meal through a warm body. WE come looking for reasons for our hunger; God sends provision to feed us. We come looking for a sermon that will explain the complexity of the cosmos to us and satiate our desire for understanding; Christ responds with, "This is my body, given for you; this is my blood, shed for you."People try to offer us an explanation; God offers us a Eucharist.
R.S. Belcher, The Six-Gun Tarot|On my solemn oath, Edmund, I'd gladly face not having an acre of land to call my own, nor a penny in the bank, I'd be willing to have no home but the poorhouse in my old age, if I could look back now on having been the fine artist I might have been.
William Shakespeare, Troilus and Cressida|He eats nothing but doves, love, and that breeds hot blood, and hot blood beget hot thoughts, and hot thoughts beget hot deeds, and hot deeds is love.
Sunday Adelaja|You Are Hard-Wired For The Kingdom Of Love, Peace And Unity
O Anna Niemus|The problem, however, is that I have yet to meet anyone, materialist or otherwise, who was able to dispense with value judgements. On the contrary, the literature of materialism is peculiarly marked by its wholesale profusion of denunciations of all sorts. Starting with Marx and Nietzsche, materialists have never been able to refrain from passing continuous moral judgement on all and sundry, which their whole philosophy might be expected to discourage them from doing.
John Zakour, The Flaxen Femme Fatale|Thing is, I am not a big fan of hovers. I firmly believe that if man was meant to fly we’d have feathers, rubber bones, or better insurance coverage.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Minerva, kindly go to Hagrid's house, where you will find a large black dog sitting in the pumpkin patch. Take the dog to my office, tell him I will be with him shortly, then come back here.
Siddhartha Mukherjee, The Gene: An Intimate History|If the history of the last century taught us the dangers of empowering governments to determine genetic “fitness” (i.e., which person fits within the triangle, and who lives outside it), then the question that confronts our current era is what happens when this power devolves to the individual. It is a question that requires us to balance the desires of the individual— to carve out a life of happiness and achievement, without undue suffering— with the desires of a society that, in the short term, may be interested only in driving down the burden of disease and the expense of disability. And operating silently in the background is a third set of actors: our genes themselves, which reproduce and create new variants oblivious of our desires and compulsions— but, either directly or indirectly, acutely or obliquely, influence our desires and compulsions. Speaking at the Sorbonne in 1975, the cultural historian Michel Foucault once proposed that “a technology of abnormal individuals appears precisely when a regular network of knowledge and power has been established.” Foucault was thinking about a “regular network” of humans. But it could just as easily be a network of genes.
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|Storyboarded by the West Coast’s finest, the ceiling celebrated the exploits of that most durable of action heroes—God.
Aysha Taryam|Having to explain to a child of today, who has learned to swipe before they can speak, that certain aspects of a person’s life must remain private for the preservation of one’s sanity is almost frivolous.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Sometimes you need to let people do things for you, accept the gifts they have to offer, graciously accept it. It is a gift, Bridget, not a debt to be repaid.
C.S. Lewis|Failures, repeated failures, are finger posts on the road to achievement. One fails forward towards success.
Werley Nortreus|When your girlfriend broke your heart, don't even say a word, just smile because she gives you the opportunity to find someone better than her.
Jon Stewart|If the events of September 11, 2001, have proven anything, it's that the terrorists can attack us, but they can't take away what makes us American -- our freedom, our liberty, our civil rights. No, only Attorney General John Ashcroft can do that.
Radhe Maa|Live a virtuous life, help everyone and spread joy wherever you go.
Rachel Lehmann-Haupt, In Her Own Sweet Time: Egg Freezing and the New Frontiers of Family|In the agricultural age, women conceived younger and had many more children because children were economic assets as workers on the farm. In the postindustrial age, children are emotional assets but economic liabilities, costing both a middle-class husband and wife or a single parent over $10,000 a year.
Philip Yancey, The Bible Jesus Read|Sing to me," she said. "That would be valiant, to raise your voice in this dark, lonely place, and it will be useful as well. Sing to me, sing loudly-drown out my dreams, keep me from remembering whatever wants me to remember it. Sing to me, my lord prince, if it please you. It may not seem a hero's task, but I would be glad of it.
Ken Follett|No press conference announcing a last film. I'd just steal away. Best way because, if by chance after two or three years something interesting comes up, I would not - like Sinatra - have to say: 'Well, I've thought it over and decided to come back.'
Victor Gischler, The Deputy|I can't afford to say yes to all my staff's desires, but one thing is certain – I can't afford the outrageous cost of not listening to their requests.
Dada Bhagwan|How can one become free from the mind? If he lives as if he is dead, then he can become free from his mind.
Ogwo David Emenike|See your hard times through the spectacles of your experiences. They, too, shall pass away.
|The idea of never settling for less, surely doesn't suggest not acknowledging and celebrating every accomplished step that leads to where you desire to be in the future.
Jane McGonigal|For me, there is only love and fear.
Israelmore Ayivor|As long as the constitution of my country is not amended to cut down the sizes of the dreams of its citizens, I have the freedom to dream extra largest dreams. I am even dreaming over-size dreams now.
Cinda Williams Chima, The Sorcerer Heir|I tell lies somewhere else, but not here, not in front of myself.
Anatole France, The Garden of Epicurus|So little I know in my innocence. Ideals, like pebbles in a stream wash away, wash away. Life makes no sense.
Jennifer Dukes Lee, The Happiness Dare: Pursuing Your Heart's Deepest, Holiest, and Most Vulnerable Desire|In God, happiness and purposeful work are a package deal.
Katherine Givens, In Her Dreams|I hate McDonald's. I don't want to order my dinner by yelling into a clown's mouth. If I want my face in a clown's mouth, I'll tongue kiss Glenn Beck.
Francesca Lia Block, Wasteland|Nightingale"Did I wound you, mutilate. Take away your voice. Did I cut something from you. Leave you locked in silence?This is what you do: you sing. Every part of you. Your locks of hair sing, your eyes, your hands, your smile. If I listen closely I can even hear your blood.Was I the one that took that away?Go down to the water where we used to swim. Stand under the sky at dawn when the sky is streaked with blood. Open your mouth and shout our secret to the waves. The ocean will be your voice. You won't have to carry anything alone. Little Sister, my Spring, April. Little nightingale. Sant at the edge of the water. Your voice will come back to you. Maybe. If I am silent.
Tessa Emily Hall, Purple Moon|Hiding a wound can cause a serious infection without healing. It has to be exposed and washed. Sure, the cleansing may cause pain at first—but, in the end, it brings healing, as well as relief.
Marion Cotillard|I haven't had an orthodox career, and I've wanted more than anything to have your respect. The first time I didn't feel it, but this time I feel it, and I can't deny the fact that you like me, right now, you like me!
Frances Perkins|The problem is when you are writing something in retrospective, it needs a lot of courage not to change, or you will forget a certain reality, and you will just take in consideration your view today.
Sophia Loren|You've done it before and you can do it now. See the positive possibilities. Redirect the substantial energy of your frustration and turn it into positive, effective, unstoppable determination.
Rod Serling, Requiem for a Heavyweight and Other Plays - Tragedy in a Temporary Town, The White Cane and The Elevator|he's not a piece of meat you can job off the market by the pound. because, if you do,maish, if you do, you'll rot in hell.
Jim Butcher, Dead Beat|Like I said, magic comes from life, and especially from emotions. They're a source of the same intangible energy that everyone can feel when an autumn moon rises and fills you with a sudden sense of bone-deep excitement, or when the first warm breeze of spring rushes past your face, full of the scents of life, and drowns you in a sudden flood of unreasoning joy. The passion of mighty music that brings tears to your eyes, and the raw, bubbling, infectious laughter of small children at play, the bellowing power of a stadium full of football fans shouting "Hey!" in time to that damned song—they're all charged with magic.My magic comes from the same places. And maybe from darker places than that. Fear is an emotion, too. So is rage. So is lust. And madness. I'm not a particularly good person. I'm no Charles Manson or anything, but I'm not going to be up for canonization either. Though in the past, I think maybe I was a better person than I am today. In the past I hadn't seen so many people hurt and killed and terrorized by the same kind of power that damn well should have been making the world a nicer place, or at the least staying the hell away from it. I hadn't made so many mistakes back then, so many shortsighted decisions, some of which had cost people their lives. I had been sure of myself. I had been whole.
Kristen Luciani|Josh squeezed her arm. “I’ll behave,” he murmured. “For now.”	She’s going to pickle your cucumbers.”	“He has more than one?” Natalie whispered.	“That’s between me and Kimmie,” Josh replied.
Gustave Flaubert, A Simple Heart|I wish you did return my regard," he said. "More than I have ever wished anything in my life! Perhaps you may yet learn to do so: I should warn you that I don't easily despair!
Ellen J. Barrier, How to Trust God When All Other Resources Have Failed|I believe that parents who love their children do everything for them with love, even discipline.
Christopher  Rice|Good horror offers a sense of an upended, lawless world and that’s appealing to anyone who grew up feeling like an outsider.
Albert Schweitzer|You have to respect who the character is. It has its own internal truth, and you can't betray that. And if you don't betray that, it will not betray you.
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|To hate the hate was just more hate; to reject the rejection was just more rejection; to judge the judging, just more judging.
Liam Neeson|Every article on these islands has an almost personal character, which gives this simple life, where all art is unknown, something of the artistic beauty of medieval life.
Laurell K. Hamilton, The Laughing Corpse|Honestly, if you were any slower, you’d be going backward.
Millicent Garrett Fawcett, Women's Suffrage: A Short History of a Great Movement|However benevolent men may be in their intentions, they cannot know what women want and what suits the necessities of women's lives as well as women know these things themselves.
Philip Pullman|I feel with some passion that what we truly are is private, and almost infinitely complex, and ambiguous, and both external and internal, and double- or triple- or multiply natured, and largely mysterious even to ourselves; and furthermore that what we are is only part of us, because identity, unlike "identity", must include what we do. And I think that to find oneself and every aspect of this complexity reduced in the public mind to one property that apparently subsumes all the rest ("gay", "black", "Muslim", whatever) is to be the victim of a piece of extraordinary intellectual vulgarity.
Michael R. French, Once Upon a Lie|If you are loved, that is all you need.
|Let's not deceive ourselves by always praying to God to help us succeed in life, but then turn around and starve our dreams from actions; yet expecting God to perform some miracles in our lives.
Thomas Lux|There’s plenty of room for strangeness, mystery, originality, wildness, etc. in poems that also invite the reader into the human and alive center about which the poem circles.
Cathleen Falsani, Sin Boldly: A Field Guide for Grace|When Annunziata said she loved me or any of her thousands of other friends and beloveds, she was really saying, at least in my mind, “God loves you.” To quote the singer/songwriter James Taylor, she showered the people she loved with love, always showing the way that she felt without holding back. Even as her body could barely contain her soul any longer, she'd open wide the gates of herself with a smile, that giggle, her twinkling eyes, and she'd let the supernatural love flow through her. Walking out of the chapel after her funeral, a woman I'd never seen before stopped me and said, “You're Cathleen, aren't you?” “Yes,” I croaked, tears rolling off my nose as I fingered the prayer card with Annunziata's picture on it. Slipping an arm around my shoulders, the woman explained that she was one of Annunziata's former students and said, “She loved you so much.” I know.
Mercy Cortez, Never Ever After|Believing in nothing except the truth of Montgomery, who for all his faults was as steady as the sea, as honest as the sun. My eyes watered with unexpected tears, and I kissed him harder, desperately. It wasn't a happy ending.
Mette Ivie Harrison, The Princess and the Hound|My dad was always snoozing on the couch, like Dagwood Bumstead. He was a lazy motherfucker. God bless him. He was always working on some kind of get-rich-quick scheme. This is what my dad was like: I'd say, Hey, Dad, we studied penguins today in school. He'd say, Yeah? I'm a penguin fucker from way back. Dad, I saw a giraffe at the zoo today. Yeah? I'm a giraffe fucker from way back. That's my dad. My dad was a giraffe fucker.
Neil Gaiman, The Sandman: Book of Dreams|Look, that's why there's rules, understand? So that you think before you break 'em.
Ray Bradbury|If you want to write, if you want to create, you must be the most sublime fool that God ever turned out and sent rambling. You must write every single day of your life. You must read dreadful dumb books and glorious books, and let them wrestle in beautiful fights inside your head, vulgar one moment, brilliant the next. You must lurk in libraries and climb the stacks like ladders to sniff books like perfumes and wear books like hats upon your crazy heads. I wish you a wrestling match with your Creative Muse that will last a lifetime. I wish craziness and foolishness and madness upon you. May you live with hysteria, and out of it make fine stories — science fiction or otherwise. Which finally means, may you be in love every day for the next 20,000 days. And out of that love, remake a world.
R.D. Laing, The Divided Self: An Existential Study in Sanity and Madness|The term schizoid refers to an individual the totality of whose experience is split in two main ways: in the first place, there is a rent in his relation with his world and, in the second, there is a disruption of his relation with himself. Such a person is not able to experience himself 'together with' others or 'at home in' the world, but, on the contrary, he experiences himself in despairing aloneness and isolation; moreover, he does not experience himself as a complete person but rather as 'split' in various ways, perhaps as a mind more or less tenuously linked to a body, as two or more selves, and so on.
Mary Douglas|As with anything creative, change is inevitable.
Adam Rex, The True Meaning of Smekday|I spy, with my little eye, something that starts with ... G.""Sausages.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Hoover Dam," Thalia said. "It's huge."We stood at the river's edge, looking up at a curve of concrete that loomed between the cliffs. People were walking along the top of the dam. They were so tiny they looked like fleas.The naiads had left with a lot of grumbling—not in words I could understand, but it was obvious they hated this dam blocking up their nice river. Our canoes floated back downstream, swirling in the wake from the dam's discharge vents."Seven hundred feet tall," I said. "Built in the 1930s.""Five million cubic acres of water," Thalia said.Graver sighed. "Largest construction project in the United States."Zoe stared at us. "How do you know all that?""Annabeth," I said. "She liked architecture.""She was nuts about monuments," Thalia said."Spouted facts all the time." Grover sniffled. "So annoying.""I wish she were here," I said.
Sir Fazle Hasan Abed|The innovation indicators vary depending on who is doing the measuring, and how they are measuring. It’s contextual.
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|The velvet tapestry of the night curved from horizon to horizon, flecked with thousands of tiny stars. There seemed all the more of them, for as well as filling the sky, they shimmered in an elegant ballet on the waves, the sea itself giving them life.
Robert S. Mulliken|A principle is not merely a fundamental truth, but principles must serve as the very first source of every decision we make along the road to success.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|The purpose of meditation practice is not enlightenment; it is to pay attention even at unextraordinary times, to be of present, nothing-but-the-present, to bear this mindfulness of now into each event of ordinary life.
Emery Allen|Not everything is supposed to become something beautiful and long-lasting. Sometimes people come into your life to show you what is right and what is wrong, to show you who you can be, to teach you to love yourself, to make you feel better for a little while, or to just be someone to walk with at night and spill your life to. Not everyone is going to stay forever, and we still have to keep on going and thank them for what they’ve given us.
Thomas Love Peacock|On the top of Cadair Idris,I felt how happy a man might bewith a little money and a sane intellect,and reflected with astonishment and pityon the madness of the multitude.
Mira Grant, Deadline|A tomb is a vault, a vault is a home,” Mr. Sadlot said casually sniffing the flower in his lapel. “That’s where the deceased chose to reside and that is where he will be placed.” Kekaju and the Hidden Swamp
Vasily Grossman|There are one or two people - I’m not talking about family, about Zhenya or your mother - whom a pariah can trust. He can contact these people without first waiting for a sign.
M.R. Carey, Fellside|IF [GOD] HAS SPOKEN, WHY IS THE UNIVERSE NOT CONVINCED?
John Lydon|Your conscious brain cannot multitask. If I'm speaking to you and checking my I-Phone at the same time, I'm doing neither. This is why our society is frazzled; this misconception that we can consciously do more than one thing at a time effectively.
Gena Showalter, Dark Taste of Rapture|Problem was, he couldn’t masturbate his sexual desires away because he’d fry off his cock." Hector
Mark Twain|Now, then, that is the tale. Some of it is true.
Aveline Valen|Do you know what I remember? When [my father] read to me. Stupid things, dragons and heroes. He wouldn’t turn a page until I reached over and took his hand. That big man made every step of the story my choice. I loved that. He died of the wasting, in a Denerim ward. Those last weeks I read to him. I had to take his hand to turn the pages. And I couldn’t tell if he was too weak, or if it was the old game…No one tells you how to mourn. And when someone says, “move on”, you take their hand and say “my choice.
Lance Armstrong, It's Not About the Bike: My Journey Back to Life|I asked myself what I believed. I had never prayed a lot. I hoped hard, wished hard, but I didn't pray. I had developed a certain distrust of organised religion growing up, but I felt I had the capacity to be a spiritual person, and to hold some fervent beliefs. Quite simply, I believed I had a responsibility to be a good person, and that meant fair, honest, hardworking and honorable. If I did that, if I was good to my family, true to my friends, if I gave back to my community or to some cause, if I wasn't a liar, a cheat, or a thief, then I believed that should be enough. At the end of the day, if there was indeed some Body or presence standing there to judge me, I hoped I would be judged on whether I had lived a true life, not on whether I believed in a certain book, or whether I'd been baptised.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|In Swann's mind, however, these words, meeting no opposition, settled and hardened until they assumed the indestructibility of a truth so indubitable that, if some friend happened to tell him that he had come by the same train and had not seen Odette, Swann would have been convinced that it was his friend who had made a mistake as to the day or hour, since his version did not agree with the words uttered by Odette. These words had never appeared to him false except when, before hearing them, he had suspected that they were going to be. For him to believe that she was lying, and anticipatory suspicion was indispensable.
Mary Oliver, Swan: Poems and Prose Poems|On the beach, at dawn:Four small stones clearlyHugging each other.How many kinds of loveMight there be in the world,And how many formations might they makeAnd who am I everTo imagine I could knowSuch a marvelous business?When the sun brokeIt poured willingly its lightOver the stonesThat did not move, not at all,Just as, to its always generous term,It shed its light on me,My own body that loves, Equally, to hug another body.
Jack Kerouac|Because I am Beat, I believe in Beatitude and that God so loved the world He gave His only begotten Son to it.
Robert Downey, Jr.|Motherhood is priced Of God, at price no man may dare To lessen or misunderstand.
Samuel Beckett, Molloy|[Y]ou cannot mention everything in its proper place, you must choose, between the things not worth mentioning and those and those even less so.
Drishti Bablani|Never Kill your What Ifs,But first be Grateful for What Is.
Sharon E. Rainey, The Best Part of My Day Healing Journal|Forgiveness enables me to walk away from that pain, the loneliness and suffering.
Solange nicole|It doesn't matter where your journey begins, so long as you begin it...
Sunday Adelaja|When a goal is badly stated or it does not exist at all, our sub- conscious will automatically conceive it as unreachable, as impossible as to find a solution for something that does not exist
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If we are to have our prayers answered, we must give God the glory.
Evelyn Waugh|It may seem contradictory, but in the languid tropics one spends more time contemplating those great good things of sound and sight and smell.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|We don't punish the ones who fail. They just-don't go on,
|When you frequently invest your time and energy in your own business, the need to mind other people's business would become a stranger in your thoughts.
Friedrich Engels, The Origin of the Family, Private Property and the State|The word Familia did not originally signify the ideal of our modern philistine, which is a compound of sentimentality and domestic discord. Among the Romans, in the beginning, it did not even refer to the married couple and their children, but to the slaves alone. Famulus means a household slave and familia signifies the totality of slaves belonging to one individual. The expression was invented by the romans to describe a new social organism, the head of which had under him wife and children and a number of slaves, under Roman paternal power, with power of life and death over them all.
Giorgio Moroder|There is the moral spectrum in 'Fargo,' and you see it in other Coen brothers movies, where you have a very good character on one end and a very bad character on the other.
Cristina Rayne, Claimed by the Elven King: Part One|The minority (the considered one percent of the one percent of the one percent of the one percent of humanity…) that has “worked hard” its way to obscene riches and power depriving human beings of vital necessities like water and food is a part of us, not an alien enemy.They are not the devil, nor satan.Just men (like us)Men who are taught what they know (like us)What to think (like us)Men who are lied to (like us)Manipulated (like us)Processed (like us)Indoctrinated (…. ..)
Dianne Sylvan, Queen of Shadows|faith gaped at him"how the hell did you do this?" He looked at her as if she'd asked the dumbest question in history. "I'm brilliant.
Rebecca Romijn|The universe works in crazy ways. Your good luck will come in waves, and so does your bad, so you have to take the good with the bad and press forward.
Zechariah Barrett, Project Ordine|Why did it have to be such a shameful secret? Hadnâ€™t I been potty-trained and taught to chew with my mouth closed? So what was the freaking big deal about having sex? Wasnâ€™t it essential to the survival of our darn, hypocritical species?
Simon S. Tam, Music Business Hacks|The mystical perception (which is only “mystical” if reality is limited to what can be measured by the intellect and senses) is remarkably consistent in all ages and all places. All phenomena are processes, connections, all is in flux…have the mind screens knocked away to see there is no real edge to anything, that in the endless interpenetration of the universe, a molecular flow, a cosmic energy shimmers in all stone and steel as well as flesh…
Robert Baden-Powell|Truly, it is in darkness that one finds the light, so when we are in sorrow, then this light is nearest of all to us.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|As pathetic as it was, she'd rather hold on to the possibility of something perfect than be hit with the reality of nothing much.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|By reading, we will know the minds of great soul.
Conrad Wolfram|I think I was lucky to come of age in a place and time - the American South in the 1960s and '70s - when the machine hadn't completely taken over life. The natural world was still the world, and machines - TV, telephone, cars - were still more or less ancillary, and computers were unheard of in everyday life.
James C. Dobson|Third, it is helpful to seek advice from those who are spiritually mature and solid in their faith. A godly counselor or pastor can assist you in avoiding the common mistakes that confuse many young people.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Hate may have its hour, but love will have its day.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Ayn Rand's 'philosophy' is nearly perfect in its immorality, which makes the size of her audience all the more ominous and symptomatic as we enter a curious new phase in our society.... To justify and extol human greed and egotism is to my mind not only immoral, but evil.
Stephen King, The Wind Through the Keyhole|In the end, the wind takes everything, doesn't it? And why not? Why other? If the sweetness of our lives did not depart, there would be no sweetness at all.
Thomas Pynchon|I'm like my cat. I run around in circles in my apartment, because the big bad outside is just too big. And scary. And outside. How do stray cats deal with all the stress of having no protection from all the air that’s going on around there, without anyone to guide and control it into timidity?
Winston S. Churchill, The World Crisis, 1911-1918|All the horrors of all the ages were brought together, and not only armies but whole populations were thrust into the midst of them. The mighty educated States involved conceived-not without reason-that their very existence was at stake. Neither peoples nor rulers drew the line at any deed which they thought could help them win. Germany, having let Hell loose, kept well in the van of terror; but she was followed step by step by the desperate and ultimately avenging nations she had assailed. Every outrage against humanity or international law was repaid by reprisals-often of a greater scale and of longer duration. No truce or parley mitigated the strife of the armies. The wounded died between the lines: the dead mouldered into the soil. Merchant ships and neutral ships and hospital ships were sunk on the seas and all on board left to their fate, or killed as they swam. Every effort was made to starve whole nations into submission without regard to age or sex. Cities and monuments were smashed by artillery. Bombs from the air were cast down indiscriminately. Poison gas in many forms stifled or seared the soldiers. Liquid fire was projected upon their bodies. Men fell from the air in flames, or were smothered often slowly in the dark recesses of the sea. The fighting strength of armies was limited only by the manhood of their countries. Europe and large parts of Asia and Africa became one vast battlefield on which after years of struggle not armies but nations broke and ran. When all was over, Torture and Cannibalism were the only expedients that the civilized, scientific, Christian States had been able to deny themselves: and they were of doubtful utility.
Haruki Murakami, A Walk to Kobe|There is one thing I can say for certain: the older a person gets, the lonelier he becomes. It's true for everyone. But maybe that isn't wrong. What I mean is, in a sense our lives are nothing more than a series of stages to help us get used to loneliness. That being the case, there's no reason to complain. And besides who would be complaint to anyway? (A Walk To Kobe, Granta 124: Travel)
Mary McCarthy, A Bolt from the Blue and Other Essays|They are beautiful, heart-rendingly beautiful, those wilds, with a quality of wide-eyed, unsung, innocent surrender that my lacquered, toy-bright Swiss villages and exhaustively lauded Alps no longer possess. Innumerable lovers have clipped and kissed on the trim turf of old-world mountainsides, on the innerspring moss, by a handy, hygienic rill, on rustic benches under the initialed oaks, and in so many cabanes in so so many beech forests. But in the Wilds of America the open-air lover will not find it easy to indulge in the most ancient of all crimes and pastimes. Poisonous plants burn his sweetheart's buttocks, nameless insects sting his; sharp items of the forest floor prick his knees, insects hers; and all around there abides a sustained rustle of potential snakes--que dis-je,of semi-extinct dragons!--while the crablike seeds of ferocious flowers cling, in a hideous green crust, to gartered black sock and sloppy white sock alike.
Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient|You built your walls too, she tells him. So I have my wall. She says it glittering in a beauty he cannot stand. She with her beautiful clothes with her pale face that laughs at everyone who smiles at her...
Rand Olson, Children of Promise: The Ultimate Guide to Raising Healthy Kids|We usually need to have pain, trial or challenge to be motivated to learn or change. Learning in the midst of ease and prosperity comes from the pure inner soul’s inspired desire for improvement.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|It was as if - this something I thought of only later, of course - she were gently peeling back one layer after another that covered a person's heart, a very sensual feeling.
John Piper, The Pleasures of God: Meditations on God's Delight in Being God|In all of knowable reality, God is unique. He is knowable not like the multiplication table or the table of elements; he alone is knowable as the one totally in control of being known. He is not at the disposal of the human mind. He is known when he wills to be known. Yet he is known in and through created reality, which is known naturally. Therefore the glory of God is exalted most not when we know God apart from observation and reading and study, but when we know God as a result of his free and gracious self-revelation in and through our earnest observation of and meditation on his work and Word in history.
Emily Lloyd-Jones, The Hearts We Sold|Standing on the edge of that darkness, she felt the stirrings of reckless want. A wild sort of bravery beat within her, taking up the hollow space in her chest where a heart should have resided.
Anne Tyler, Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant|Necessary features of the human mind impose structure upon our experiences. Language acts as a gatekeeper for the mind. We learn and embark on personal transformation by formulating, revising, and refining our conception of the world each time that we encounter new facts, experiences, ideas, and viewpoints. To understand the world a person must employ reason and organize their episodic personal experiences into a system of narrative thought. The language that we employ to internalize our personal experiences constructs our mental system, and our mental thoughts in turn regulate us. We become of a personification of our language, as expressed in narrative stories of the self.
Sylvia Clare, Trusting Your Intuition: Rediscover Your True Self to Achieve a Richer, More Rewarding Life|Intuition means exactly what it sounds like, in-tuition! An inner tutor or teaching and learning mechanism that takes us forward daily. It is a resource that, where recognized, has infinite potential.
Shūsaku Endō, Wonderful Fool|How selfish soever man may be supposed, there are evidently some principles in his nature, which interest him in the fortune of others, and render their happiness necessary to him, though he derives nothing from it, except the pleasure of seeing it.
Stanisław Lem|There were so many things a tree could do: add color, provide shade, drop fruit, or become a children's playground, a whole sky universe to climb and hang from; an architecture of food and pleasure, that was a tree.
Orison Swett Marden|I'm actually an evangelical atheist, but there is something I recognise about religion: that it gives people a chance to surrender.
B.C. Morin, Mark of the Princess|All these girls swooning over hunky vampires, what they really want is to give away their freedom, to be controlled and told what to do and not have to think -- and never die, of course. It's sick is what it is. I don't want to be a forever-young living corpse.
Mary Virginia Provines, Bright Heritage|There is a somewhat time-worn joke about people taking up library work because they like to read : the joke consisting of the fact that librarians have so little time to read. But, I tell you, those who do not, and there are some, are in the wrong profession.
John Green|Well, everyone has a friend who holds a very special place in his life. Talking about men…a friend whom you love unconditionally and selflessly.....a friend who knows every secret of your life and who is always the first person whom you want to call when you are in some mess…a friend who tells you exactly what you want to hear. Ena was such a friend to me. My best friend – if that defines the zenith of good friendship. I would rather say, there is no definition of friendship that we shared with each other, the more I explain it, the more complicated it becomes to recite the aspects of our relationship.She was that closer a friend to me, who knew all the nitty-gritties of my life…from every girl who ever came into my life, to passwords of my email accounts or public profiles. Absolutely everything! She was the only girl on earth I trusted blindly and cared for, truly and unconditionally. She was the only girl who could actually make me dance to her beats. We shared that deeper relationship with each other.
John Galsworthy, The Forsyte Saga|Youth is the only thing worth having. When I find that I am growing old, I shall kill myself.
Abhijit Naskar|We don't have the luxury to say that, there is no hope for reform in Islam, because by saying this, we would be disavowing the entire peace-loving Muslim population of the world. We cannot leave our Muslim sisters and brothers behind to be oppressed by their own priestly tyrants, while the rest of the world keeps progressing with an open mind. The entire civilized society of the world, must put their heart and soul to get Islam liberated from the shackles of fundamentalism. Conscience must triumph over orthodox barbarianism, otherwise there would be no hope for the progress and wellbeing of humanity as a truly wise species.
Ciaran Hinds|You label somebody 'New Age,' and that's automatic mockery: 'She cannot possibly be a serious thinker.'
Slash|Now we Democrats believe that America is still the country of fair play, that we can come out of a small town or a poor neighborhood and have the same chance as anyone else, and it doesn't matter whether we are black or Hispanic, or disabled or women.
Quetzal|They’ve gave me many names,I’ve wore many masks and sat on their altars, They’ve called me Hitler, and Muhammad Ali,They’ve crucify me,And forced me to be like them, They resuscitated me, They forced me to live.I am God, and the Devil,The looser and the champion,I created all you see,I am God, and Muhammad AliI’m the one creating time, and eternity,I am God, I am Hitler,I am the king and the slave,I am life and death, and Muhammad Ali
Kate Rooper, Jane Unwrapped|Ari's words felt like drops of sunlight upon my skin, and my frame was burning with longing.
Neil Gaiman, Neverwhere|The abbot cleared his throat. "You are all very stupid people," he told them graciously, "and you do not know anything at all.
Sunday Adelaja|It isn't the evil and indecent who are flung down into the depths, no! Oh, no! The evil and decisive fling down those who are moral, honest and noble but maladroit, hesitant and full of scruples.
Michael Salter, Organised Sexual Abuse|Many ritually abusive cults deliberately divide the personality system down the middle of the head, making sure that there is no communication between the two sides. “Left side" parts might be instructed to speak to no one other than the perpetrators.
hlbalcomb|Life’s heartbeat...the soul seeds of opportunity" by Cinderella in Focus
Frank Gaffney|Hamas, also elected to governmental leadership in Palestine, includes the jihadists, people who have declared war on the United States of America and its ally, Israel.
Wilkie Collins, My Miscellanies|The dull people decided years and years ago, as everyone knows, that novel-writing was the lowest species of literary exertion, and that novel reading was a dangerous luxury and an utter waste of time.
Linda Evangelista|China's republican politics is like a child who just started schooling. He must have a good teacher and be surrounded by good friends. By the same token, the Chinese people, new to the republican politics, must be educated properly. The revolutionary government should be the people's tutor to impart advanced awareness and experience.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|Horizons, cheap whisky straight from the bottleand your hands in mine.
Cordelia Fine, Delusions of Gender: How Our Minds, Society, and Neurosexism Create Difference|blatant, intentional discrimination against women is far from being something merely to be read about in history books.
Auliq-Ice|I doubt I'm any wiser than I was five hundred years back. I'm older. I've been up, and been down, and been up again. Have I learned aught? I've learned from my mistakes, but I've had more time to commit more mistakes.
J. Grant Howard, Balancing Life's Demands: A New Perspective on Priorities|This is a hard chapter for me to write. I am as uninvolved in biblical citizenship as other Christians. Involvement means front-line duty. Front-line duty means you get shot at. When it comes to getting shot at, I am your basic, Christian coward. I don't like to fight. I don't like to get hit. I don't like to get hurt. I know that as long as I am uninformed and uninvolved, I am safe. I don't have to suffer. Then I read 1 Peter. It tells me that a Spirit-filled, Word-orientated saint will be on the front lines, doing what is right, and suffering. It is hard for me to read and think and discuss in the realm of politics. There are other things I would rather do. It is hard for me to take a firm, intelligent stand on a political issue. It is even harder for me to make it public, and defend it, and have it criticized and ridiculed. In the area of government my comfort zone is way behind the front lines. How about yours? Maybe what we both need to do is volunteer for some front line duty while we are still allowed to carry weapons.
Rainer Maria Rilke, The Best of Rilke: 72 Form-true Verse Translations with Facing Originals, Commentary and Compact Biography|How they are all about, these gentlemenIn chamberlains' apparel, stocked and laced,Like night around their order's star and gemAnd growing ever darker, stony-faced,And these, their ladies, fragile, wan, but proppedHigh by their bodice, one hand loosely dropped,Small like its collar, on the toy King-Charles:How they surround each one of these who stoppedTo read and contemplate the objects d'art,Of which some pieces still are theirs, not ours.Whit exquisite decorum they allow usA life of whose dimensions we seem sureAnd which they cannot grasp. They were aliveTo bloom, that is be fair; we, to mature,That is to be of darkness and to strive.
Ira Sachs|A word carries far, very far, deals destruction through time as the bullets go flying through space.
Alanea Alder, My Guardian|This first time , my Sprite friend went for help, then Aiden went all shifter Hulk version and Loki'd the feral's ass. Whap, whap
Nas|Networking is all about connecting with people. But then again, isn't that what life is about? The more time you can find to get out of the office and build true friendships, the farther your startup will go. Entrepreneurs need to remember to spend as much time working on their business as they do in their business.
Deena Metzger|Understanding the Way of Story as a sacred pattern and a living event. Story can reveal a spiritual path and or the way to healing. Stories become the foundation of health, peacebuilding and vision. Learning to listen, to recognize, to understand and attend the teachings and revelations of the Stories we have been given to live guides us toward the 5th world. Our individual stories, when carefully attended, can reveal each person’s particular path of healing and transformation. Even illness is a story that can lead us to our own and to community healing. Learning to recognize the Story that we or another is living can be a worthy life work.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Many Christians would prefer to hear “What a great guy” from the crowd rather than “Well done, good and faithful servant” from the Master [Matthew 25:23].
Ben Greenman, What He's Poised to Do: Stories|I felt lonely, and in full possession of my loneliness. It was the first time I had owned anything of value.
Mark Andrus|I can tell you I love you as many times as you can stand to hear it, but all it does is remind us that love is not enough. Not even close.
Alan Sillitoe, Saturday Night and Sunday Morning|Well, it's a good life and a good world, all said and done, if you don't weaken.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|I need it! I need it! It's a royal heirloom!""Adrian?""What are you doing here?""Looking for you. Come on, we need to go. I'll drive you home.""No, I can't. Not until we get it. He stole it!
Jennifer Crusie|Heartache often drives us to consume things we wouldn't otherwise, such as an entire pint of Caramel Pecan Perfection high-fat ice cream, covered in ganache, the crack cocaine of frozed dairy. Twelve hundred calories per pint, six hundred and eighty of which are fat calories, but is only dulls the pain for the moment, there's that carb fog while you're standing at the sink shoving it in your face, and then it's over and you feel...used. Like a cheap pickup the Dove people seduced and abandoned in your kitchen, leaving you with sticky hands and an empty cup and a still-broken heart, except now you're mad at Dove, too.
Deborah Day|Connection is life; disconnection, death.
Fela Durotoye|The word on the street was that I had two options when it came to caring for my future baby: I could either eat, sleep, drink, bathe, walk, and work with my baby permanently affixed to my body until the two of us meld into one, or I could leave my baby out naked on a cold millstone to cry, refusing to hold or feed her until the schedule allowed. Apparently, there was no in between.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|I tell you, stupidity, self-protective stupidity, is the fundamental sin. No man alive has a right to contentment. No man alive has a right to mental rest. No man has any right to be as stupid as educated, Liberal men have been about that foolish affair at Geneva. Men who have any leisure, any gifts, any resources, have no right to stifle their consciences with that degree of imposture.
Nyogen Senzaki|Once Seung Sahn Soen-sa and a student of his attended a talk at a Zen center in California. The Dharma teacher spoke about Bodhidharma. After the talk, someone asked him "What's the difference between Bodhidharma's sitting in Sorim for nine years and your sitting here now?"The Dharma teacher said, "About five thousand miles."The questioner said, "Is that all?"The Dharma teacher said, "Give or take a few miles."Later on, Soen-sa asked his student, "What do you think of these answers?""Not bad, not good. But the dog runs after the bone.""How would you answer?""I'd say, 'Why do you make a difference?' "Soen-sa said, "Not bad. Now you ask me.""What's the difference between Bodhidharma's sitting in Sorim for nine years and your sitting here now?""Don't you know?""I'm listening.""Bodhidharma sat in Sorim for nine years. I am sitting here now."The student smiled.
Bill Bryson, The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way|They had nothing in common but the English language, and tried by its help to express what neither of them understood.
Harlan Coben, Don't Let Go|There are various theories about why the years seem to pass faster as you get older. The most popular is also the most obvious. As you get older, each year is a smaller percentage of your life. If you are ten years old, a year is ten percent. If you are fifty years old, a year is two percent. But she read a theory that spurned that explanation. The theory states that time passes faster when we are in a set routine, when we aren't learning anything new, when we stay stuck in a life pattern. They key to making time slow down is to have new experiences. You may joke that the week you went on vacation flew by far too quickly, but if you stop and think about it, that week actually seemed to last much longer than one involving the drudgery of your day job. You are complaining about it going away so fast because you loved it, not because it felt as though time was passing faster. If you want to slow down time, this theory holds: If you want to make the days last, do something different. Travel to exotic locales. Take a class.
Juliet Marillier, Daughter of the Forest|All that he had of her was his memory, where he held every moment, every single moment that she had been his. That was all he had, to keep out the loneliness.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Defined in psychological terms, a fanatic is a man who consciously overcompensates a secret doubt.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|All the sounds of man, the bleating of sheep, the cries of birds, the hum of insects, the stir that makes the background of our lives - all that was over.
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?|The fact is, it is selfish for a church to not want to grow. A church that says, “We’ve got enough people, we’ve got a nice fellowship. Our church is just the right size. We just need to focus on the members we already have.” That church is, in reality, actually saying, “The rest of the world can go to hell. We don’t care.
Marie Lu, Prodigy|Well enough,” I reply. “Remember, you’re drunk. And happy. You’re supposed to be lusting over your escort. Try smiling a little more.” like I’m lusting? This is me, lusting.” His lashes flutter at me. better.
R.M. Ford|Why would they lie to us?”“Because deep down, we're all afraid of having peace. Because deep down we know we're all poisoned. We're more afraid of ourselves than we are of others. In that thinking, we deny ourselves the very power that we could have. In that thinking, we put liars on pedestals. Then, when the time is right they proclaim their lies as truth and revel in it as if they did something truly righteous and people will fall to their knees because we never learn if our mistakes are never admitted and cataloged. What better way to destroy a person than to make them realize that everything they ever believed was wrong?
Chuck Palahniuk, Lullaby|The voice says, maybe you don't go to hell for the things you do. Maybe you go to hell for the things you don't do. The things you don't finish.
Anne McCaffrey, Acorna: The Unicorn Girl|all the time complaining at me that she could have had a career dancing topless at the Orbital Grill and Rendezvous Parlor. Her and her perky breasts. Yasmin, I told her, all the girls have perky breasts in zero-g, you were nothing special, you’re lucky a good man took you away from all that.
Howard Schultz, Pour Your Heart Into It: How Starbucks Built a Company One Cup at a Time|But such occasions of excellence became less and less frequent. As her technique became sounder, [her] sincerity became less necessary.
Robert Zaretsky, The Philosophers' Quarrel: Rousseau, Hume, and the Limits of Human Understanding|Because I’m a cat. A big one, the Panther of Rough Storms, in fact. But still a cat. If there’s a saucer of milk to spill, I’d rather spill it than let it lie. If my mistress grows absent-minded and leaves a ball of yarn about, I’ll bat it between my paws, and unravel it. Because it’s fun. Because it’s what cats do best.
Gift Gugu Mona|Sometimes you should ask yourself if the world would be a better place without your existence, then you would know if you are on the right path or not.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|We have artists with no scientific knowledge and scientists with noartistic knowledge and both with no spiritual sense of gravity at all,and the result is not just bad, it is ghastly.
David Servant, Forever Rich|Compared to the rest of the world, it's like we're living in Disneyland.
Miranda Kerr|When you die, others who think they know you, will concoct things about you... Better pick up a pen and write it yourself, for you know yourself best.
Abraham H. Maslow|If I were dropped out of a plane into the ocean and told the nearest land was a thousand miles away, I'd still swim. And I'd despise the one who gave up.
Franz Kafka, The Trial|We are usually on bended knee before laws or angrily reacting against them, both immature responses.
Bryanna Reid, Tight embrace of the Oak tree: Full version|If you fear the man who takes care of you, no one has ever loved you truly.
Mercedes Lackey, The Snow Queen|(From the Author Note at the beginning of the book.) Dorothy L. Sayers used to say that mystery stories were the only moral fiction of the modern world--because in a mystery, you were guaranteed to see that the bad got punished, the good got rewarded and in the end all was made 
Edith Hamilton|Humanity cannot lift itself by its own bootstraps; there is no such thing as spontaneous generation; life does not come from crystals; poetry does not come from donkeys; international peace does not come from wars; social justice does not come from selfishness. With all our knowledge of chemistry we cannot make a human life in our laboratories because we lack the unifying, vivifying principal of a soul which comes only from God. Life is not a push from below; it is a gift from above. It is not the result of the necessary ascent of man but the loving descent of God.
Hermann Hesse|Every age, every culture, every custom and tradition has its own character, its own weakness and its own strength, its beauties and ugliness; accepts certain sufferings as matters of course, puts up patiently with certain evils. Human life is reduced to real suffering, real hell, only when two ages, two cultures and religions overlap. A man of the Classical Age who had to live in medieval times would suffocate miserably just as a savage does in the midst of our civilization. Now there are times when a whole generation is caught in this way between two ages, two modes of life, with the consequence that it loses all power to understand itself and has no standard, no security, no simple acquiescence. Naturally, everyone does not feel this equally strongly. A nature such as Nietzsche’s had to suffer our present ills more than a generation in advance. What he had to go through alone and misunderstood, thousands suffer today.
Gareth Reynolds|All hail, Queen Shit-of-Liesville!
Francesca Lia Block, Witch Baby|Witch Baby wanted to ask Ping how to find her Jah-Love angel. She knew Raphael was not him, even though Raphael had the right eyes and smile and name. She knew how he looked--the angel in her dream--but she didn't know how to find him. Should she roller-skate through the streets in the evenings when the streetlights flicker on? Should she stow away to Jamaica on a cruise ship and search for him in the rain forests and along the beaches? Would he come to her? Was he waiting, dreaming of her in the same way she waited and dreamed?
Katy Tackes, Each Time She Wakes|Seek Truth, for it is your destiny!
Hal Borland|The sun, too, shines into cesspools and is not polluted.
Georgette Heyer, Frederica|How great is the love of God! He loved me long before I knew His name. He wooed me, chased me, enthralled me, and captured my heart. He didn’t prove His love at a candlelight dinner. There were no long-stemmed roses, but there were thorns. Yes, there were thorns.
Cornelia Funke, Inkheart|Books are like flypaper, memories cling to the printed pages better than anything else.
Adriana Trigiani, Rococo|I was surrounded by hundreds of drowned children, heads in the water, their little feet in the air.All the little duckies, with their heads in the waterHeads in the water.It was my punishment. Honor lost. Everything lost.Shame is a hunter.My shame was all around me now.
Rick Riordan|Can you surf really well, then?"I looked at Grover, who was trying hard not to laugh."Jeez, Nico," I said. "I've never really tried."He went on asking questions. Did I fight a lot with Thalia, since she was a daughter of Zeus? (I didn't answer that one.) If Annabeth's mother was Athena, the goddess of wisdom, then why didn't Annabeth know better than to fall off a cliff? (I tried not to strangle Nico for asking that one.) Was Annabeth my girlfriend? (At this point, I was ready to stick the kid in a meat-flavored sack and throw him to the wolves.)
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Hope is an act of faith. Great faith, great hope.
Jim Harrison|Everybody interprets things differently with their own perception, and I want poetry to pull out of them their own feelings.
Anne Rice|I glanced at George half naked in his towel, then at Barkley, completely naked in his . . . nothing. A vampire and a werewolf. I shook my head. It was obvious. I was having one of my Anita Blake dreams again. 
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|Apes have a wide variety of sexual arrangements. That means, by the way, that there is no such thing as an “ape legacy” that humans are doomed to live by.
Pooja Bhatia|Love is kind, Love endures, Love is the machine fueled by hate, We love our race; we kill in the name of it, We destroy lives, and we raise our flag high, so others can see what we can do,We proclaim our race, and our creed, We love our God, and we kill in his name, Hallowed be the name of love, We love our woman and the choice to murder life,We Love; and the fruits of Love are here for us to see,Love came to show us hell,Love came to give us choice, Love’s the machine, and its fuel is hateBlessed be the name of love, the force behind our pride, Love, the flag displayed up high, to show others love is on our side,Love gave us Choice, murder of fetuses,Love your race,hang them if not like you, slaved them, torture them, Murder in the name of Love!“Love and do what you will” (St. Augustine)
Tonny K. Brown|Others may take away your means of support, they may take away your opportunity to grow and may even cause you to doubt your self-worth. But only you can give away your dignity, only you can give away your voice to proclaim who you really are, and only you can give away those pieces of your soul that make you human and determine your character.
Freda Utley, Lost Illusion|Why is it that we who have enjoyed the human free­doms which our forefathers fought so hard to win and to bequeath to us, do not, with the example of Russia before us, realize the horrors of life without freedom? Why is it that we cannot understand that there is no such thing as embracing Communism as an experiment? It is a one-way street, ending in a cul de sac of secret police terror, firing squads for the intellectuals and leaders and concentration camps and slave labor for the masses. There is no turning back; there is no escape.
Octavia Spencer|What patients seek is not scientific knowledge that doctors hide, but existential authenticity each person must find on her own... the angst of facing mortality has no remedy in probability.
Rachel  Harris, You're Still the One|In the end, everything happens for a reason. Paths are meant to be crossed for a higher purpose than what we realize at the moment. Life for everyone goes on. This is just a fork in the road that has taken me for a slight detour. Tomorrow I’ll pick up a new map and set my sights on a new direction.
Jeff Dunham|I've worked a lot in comedy. As much as I love playing dramatic roles, it's always nice to be able to have some humor around when working.
Dada Bhagwan|If you experience bliss of the Self (samadhi) amidst complete problematic stage, then know that you have met a “Gnani Purush” [the enlightened one]!
Linda Howard, White Lies|She glanced at her watch. He'd been massaging his legs for half an hour. "I think that's enough," she said firmly. "Don't you want to go back to bed?"	He straightened up in the wheelchair and his teeth flashed in a grin. "Baby, I'm so tired of that bed, the only way you could get me back in it would be if you crawled in there with me.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|There are five people you meet in heaven. Each of us was in your life for a reason. You may not have known the reason at the time, and that is what heaven is for. For understanding your life on earth. This is the greatest gift God can give you: to understand what happened in your life. To have it explained. It is the peace you have been searching for.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|We haven’t talked since the café, and he’s dead wrong if he thinks I’m caving. I don’t care how many wicked smiles he flashes in my direction or how many times he “mistakenly” brushes his hand against my cheek or thigh. He can make my head spin and my blood run hot, but I’m strong enough to resist his every temptation.
Lawana Dinkins, Burgundy & Brown's,The Executives, Her Knight In All Of His Honor|I tilt my head slightly to one side, taking in her blue sleeveless dress which ends a few inches above her knees. She looks exquisite. Definitely perfect for dessert.“I know what I want to eat and it’s not lemon cake.” I say thickly.Heat flares up in her eyes and I know the cake has been forgotten.She wants to be dessert.
Todd Russell, Mental Shrillness|He didn't know which he preferred: the Red, with its fatalistic and pious acceptance of all futures, or the Misery, acknowledging that the more you attracted notice, the worse God dealt with you.
Samuel Ullman|In youth, the days are short and the years are long. In old age, the years are short and days long.
Christina Engela, Dead Man's Hammer|I am repeating... It's not a drill,... It's real....
M.white|Never PreparedAnd when you thinkThat you have foundYour feet planted firmlyAnd your heart soundThat is when the momentYou trip, Fall,And hit the ground.
Guy Gavriel Kay|Setting proper expectations from the moment you meet a potential client will reduce stress and enable all parties to work together, rather than struggling contentiously through the process.
Louis MacNeice|It's interesting how pain can change a person, eh? How it makes a man abandon his pride and forsake himself.
Onyi Anyado|Innovation, reinventing the invention
Ronald Reagan, The Quest for Peace, the Cause of Freedom|Regimes planted by bayonets do not take root... Our military strength is a prerequisite to peace, but let it be clear we maintain this strength in the hope it will never be used, for the ultimate determinant in the struggle that's now going on in the world will not be bombs and rockets but a test of wills and ideas, a trial of spiritual resolve, the values we hold, the beliefs we cherish, the ideals to which we are dedicated.
Tom Holland|Achievement was worth of praise and honor, but excessive achievement was pernicious and a threat to the state. However great a citizen might become, however great he might wish to become, the truest greatness of all still belonged to the Roman Republic itself
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you response to every demand, you will be in despair.
Jason M. Brooks, Wild Space: Onslaught|Surprised huh, thought you had me back in prison didn’t you? To answer your question what keeps me alive is my drive, my drive to kill you! I have nothing, but hate for you and your family. It will be my pleasure taking you out. I don’t care about power, plutonium or even being rich. None of that matters to me. I only care about taking you out. Even if I die I want to be the one who is called the killer of Angel Medina! There’s no where for you to go. Now we will truly see who is better! Come on put up you hands and prepare for your final battle of your life! - Orlando from Framed: The Second Book of the Thousand Years War
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|Anger ignites fires or do fires ignite anger? Did the dispossessed, their rage burning within them for years, finally strike a match to enlighten an oblivious region of their dissatisfaction? Or were the fires the primary cause of the dissatisfaction, inciting through its searing heat, the fury which is colouring the country a bright crimson, as its people imitating the violence of the flames spill the blood of thousands?
Richard Siken|p.s.: I know you're rolling your eyes right now, but I don't care. Honestly, it's always kind of been a turn on.
Christopher Hitchens|Since I speak and write about this a good deal, I am often asked at public meetings, in what sometimes seems to me a rather prurient way, whether I myself or my family have 'ever been threatened' by jihadists. My answer is that yes, I have, and so has everyone else in the audience, if they have paid enough attention to the relevant bin-Ladenist broadcasts to notice the fact.
Adam Silvera, History Is All You Left Me|But hey, if there’s one bright side to your dying, it’s that you aren’t around to tell me things I don’t like hearing. I’m sorry. That was a dickhead thing to say. I need a condom for my mouth.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|You've to stand up for yourself. If you don't, no one else will.
Nedzad N. Alihodzic|Have you lost your damn mind? Running like that?” He spoke in Spanish. “You’re pushing me over the edge, Antonio.” She pitched her voice so low he could barely hear. “Bringing me to this place, hanging the possibility of my father out in front of me. You are driving me to do crazy things.”“Kiss me,” he whispered into her ear.“Now you’ve lost your mind.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Grace of God, power of God.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|At the crossroad, may God point the straight path for your journey.
Lev S. Vygotsky, Mind in Society: Development of Higher Psychological Processes|By giving our students practice in talking with others, we give them frames for thinking on their own.
Angela Davis|True education is concerned not only with practical goals but also with values. Our aims assure us of our material life, our values make possible our spiritual life.
Marc Allen, The Millionaire Course: A Visionary Plan for Creating the Life of Your Dreams|Care for your infant business or career as you would care for your infant child - with loving attention, with no expectation of any reward, being in the moment with it, accepting it as is, watching it grow, enjoying every step of the way.
Grégoire Delacourt, La liste de mes envies|Yes, I do think that not everything from the past is outmoded. Giving yourself a chance to possess something very good, taking your time, that's important. Yes, I think everything goes by too fast these days. We talk too fast. We think too fast -- if we think at all, that is! We send e-mails and texts without reading them through, we lose the elegance of proper spelling, politeness, the sense of things. I've seen children publish pictures of themselves vomiting on Facebook. No, no, i'm not against progress; I'm just afraid it will isolate people even more.
Sunday Adelaja|When a child is immersed in a certain environment, his thinking is formed by roles models of behavior demonstrated by parents in the family who have had a great influence on the formation of thinking of the child
Ursula K. Le Guin|As the night air started to creep in, he lifted her in his arms and walked the back way to their home on campus. He spent the evening digging her grave, not even caring who came his way. He didn’t care whether he lived or died, now that he had lost his only love. Mike glanced into her face one more time, and then covered her with dirt. “We bury our own. We take care of the ones we love.” He spoke softly, then placed a flower on her grave and made his way back to their dorm room.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|When you are fired because of laziness, dare to fire back with the spirit of enthusiasm. Rise up at the same time and at the same place that you have fallen. You can’t give up!
William Wordsworth|When from our better selves we have too longBeen parted by the hurrying world, and droop,Sick of its business, of its pleasures tired,How gracious, how benign, is Solitude
Jack Kerouac, The Dharma Bums|As we draw on the grace of God He increases voluntary poverty all along the line. Always give the best you have got every time; never think about who you are giving it to; let other people take it or leave it as they choose. Pour out the best you have, and always be poor. Never reserve anything; never be diplomatic and careful about the treasure God gives.
Haruki Murakami|I’ve said for years — ever since I figured out how to write Goblin Hero — that it’s important to give yourself permission to write crap. Perfection is the destroyer of art. It’s paralyzing. Art, whether it’s writing or painting or anything else, requires risk. And risk means you’re going to make mistakes. Sometimes you’re going to fail.
Will McIntosh, Love Minus Eighty|We run through the remnants of our pain, and more importantly, we run for our present and for our future.Together we kick heartbreak's ass.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible says a great deal about entire families coming to Christ. Rahab the harlot . . . the Philippian jailer . . . and Cornelius, the Roman centurion. That could be true in your family too. You may be the one who could lead your family to Christ.
Bob   Anderson, Mastering Leadership: An Integrated Framework for Breakthrough Performance and Extraordinary Business Results|When direction and meaning are confined to Executive Leadership, value is minimized.
Ann M. Martin, A Corner of the Universe|A woman who goes around wearing a knife is obviously looking for trouble." She reached deep into her pocket and brought out a long, slender piece of metal, glittering all along one edge. "However a woman who carries a knife is ready for trouble. Generally speaking, it's easier to appear harmless. It's less trouble all around.
Ortega y Gasset|Historical knowledge is a technique of the first order to preserve and continue a civilisation already advanced. Not that it affords positive solutions to the new aspect of vital conditions- life is always different from what it was- but that it prevents us committing the ingenuous mistakes of other times. But if, in addition to being old and, therefore, beginning to find life difficult, you have lost the memory of the past, and do not profit by experience, then everything turns to disadvantage. Well, it is my belief that this is the situation of Europe. The most "cultured" people to-day are suffering from incredible ignorance of history.
The Blood Brothers, The House on Creep Street|In supernatural horror stories, however, magical thinking is a completely different matter. Those characters contending with what seems to be the work of magic will deny till the very last moment that anything magical is going on. They will invoke reason and evidence and eek out corroborations for the cause of their problems. But readers of these stories are rarely, if ever, on the side of these characters. They desperately want to believe that there is indeed something magical going on and they are primed to accept it whenever it occurs. Some readers especially enjoy a story with bad magic, as it assures them that magic is confined to fiction and will not leak into their real lives. This is the most perverse form of magical thinking and the one least likely to be recognized as such.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|Chris Hedges said that Michael Jackson's memorial service was a variety show with a coffin, that MJ transformed himself through surgery and perhaps female hormones from a brown-skinned African American male to a chalk-faced androgynous ghoul with no clear sexual identity.
Taylor Swift|I haven't had that one great love, which is good. I don't want that to be in the past, I want it to be in the future.
|Success is what happens when you have given your dreams all that you think that you have in you, but still persist in giving them some more.
C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory|Never, in peace or war, commit your virtue or your happiness to the future.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|You, whom I have always loved and never found, you whom I expected to see at the end of the rails beyond the horizon—
Moctezuma Johnson|A bunch of Latinas at Pitzer College decided to let white girls know that they shouldn’t wear hoops anymore, because that’s appropriating a style.... I’ve never worn hoop earrings for the purpose of “feeling ethnic,” nor have I ever associated hoop earrings with a certain culture. They’ve always been an accessory I like. It’s really as simple as that....I can’t wear hoops because I didn’t “create the culture as a coping mechanism for marginalization”? I can’t wear hoops because I’m not a feminist? I can’t wear hoops because some Latinas can’t afford it? I can’t wear hoops because I refuse to buy into your hypersensitive BS?....Does anyone else realize how completely ridiculous that sounds?
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Fresh, solid ideas feel like gifts to writers, therefore every morning is Christmas.
Changdictator|Forgetting: that, too, was the heart's slow way of healing, but it could only be done alone. Love and loss turns us into the most solitary of creatures, their mysteries can never entirely be shared.
George Eliot|There is no feeling, except the extremes of fear and grief, that does not find relief in music.
Jill Shalvis, Smart and Sexy|Hey,” Shayne said through the door. “You going to stay in there all night, because we’re getting tired of trying to eavesdrop from out here. Can’t hear a damn thing.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Since most of us are just trying to figure it all out, why not be kind and considerate while on the journey?
Rebecca James, Beautiful Malice|Katherine,” he says when we finish. We’re breathing each other’s air and lying side by side, our noses almost touching.“Mick,” I say.“I love your name. It suits you perfectly. Katherine. Katherine. Katherine and Mick.”And when he says my name like that, right next to his, everything is different. I’ve never really liked being called Katherine—all this time, despite what I’ve said, I’ve desperately missed being called Katie. I’ve missed being Katie.But I’m no longer Katie, I’m Katherine—and tonight, for the first time ever, I don’t want to be anyone else.
Lord Byron|If I am a legend, then why am I so lonely?
Paula Hawkins, The Girl on the Train|I'm well aware that there is no job more important than that of raising a child, but the problem is that it isn't valued.
John Ciardi|Say what you will, 'tis better to be left than never to have been loved.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|When he touches me, the sky and the earth switch places.
John Gay|Love seeketh not itself to please, nor for itself hath any care, but for another gives its ease, and builds a Heaven in Hell's despair.
Nate Berkus|Anytime I feel lost, I pull out a map and stare. I stare until I have reminded myself that life is a giant adventure, so much to do, to see.
Charles Robert Maturin, Melmoth the Wanderer|Just when she was about to reemerge from the depths of her sorrows, someone shook her again. This wasn't the jolt that usually awakens the senses. This was what it takes to finally rise over all that is petty about this world. Jealousy, insecurity and of course, betrayal. Awakening the senses was meant for another day, another time.
Rebecca McNutt|Science is not a democracy. Therefore to try to pass of global warming as real just because "98% of scientists say they agree" makes no sense at all. If 98% of psychiatrists said that all mentally ill people needed lobotomized, does that make it true? If 98% of your friends jumped off a building, would you jump, too?
Max Weber, From Max Weber: Essays in Sociology|technologies come and go. Economic structures evolve and change. Society adjusts. But democratic basics persist in spite of the Tofflers, Gingrich and the chorus of corporate voices.(III - From Corporatism to Democracy)
Daniel Stashower|I'm not issuing some naïve plea for civility or bipartisanship here, or pretending that the opposing sides in this fight are intellectually equal. We have irreconcilable visions of the kind of country we want this to be: some of us would just like to live in Canada with better weather; others want something more like Iran with Jesus. My cruelest hope for the Tea Party is that one of their candidates wins the nomination for the presidency and they implode of their hubristic stupidity. But at least when I hear about them now, instead of reflexively picturing some braying ignoramus like Michele Bachmann, I try to remember that Matt [a friend of the Author's, ed] is out in that crowd somewhere, too. God agreed to spare Sodom if ten good men could be found within its walls (Abraham had to haggle him down from fifty). He ended up napalming those perverts anyway but the basic principle of sparing the sinner for the sake of the righteous, or the shithead for the sake of the basically okay, remains sound.
J. Christopher Herold, The Age of Napoleon|His [Pitt's] successor as prime minister was Mr. Addington, who was a friend of Mr. Pitt, just as Mr. Pitt was a friend of Mr. Addington; but their respective friends were each other's enemies. Mr. Fox, who was Mr. Pitt's enemy (although many of his friends were Mr. Pitt's friends), had always stood uncompromisingly for peace with France and held dangerously liberal opinions; nevertheless, in 1804, Mr. Fox and Mr. Pitt got together to overthrow Mr. Pitt's friend Mr. Addington, who was pushing the war effort with insufficient vigor.
Khadija Rupa, Unexpressed Feelings|Where the cheerful childrenof unwritten poems,play all around,you will find me there.
Deyth Banger|Here is one fact to blow your mind, the fact it's "to blow your Mind"...
Alice Waters|Milan, for me, is a city of discovery. You can find some amazing gardens behind some great houses; I also love finding beautiful galleries and incredible shops, but you have to explore. And the food is amazing.
John Fowles, The Magus|He had the charm of all people who believe implicitly in themselves, that of integration.
A.D. Posey|Once you are at the point where you can call yourself a writer, there’s no turning back.
William Ellery Channing|To live content with small means; to seek elegance rather than luxury, and refinement rather than fashion; to be worthy, not respectable, and wealthy, not, rich; to listen to stars and birds, babes and sages, with open heart; to study hard; to think quietly, act frankly, talk gently, await occasions, hurry never; in a word, to let the spiritual, unbidden and unconscious, grow up through the common. this is my symphony.
J. Aaron Gruben, King: A Christian's Call to Imitate Christ's Kingship|The Bible is the great treasure for the curious sinner, fresh water for thirsty painting soul, the revealed truth for the true seeker or worship per,the unrevealed truth for the wrong seekers, a guide to the blind and eternal food for the hungry soul.
Robert Kiyosaki|My parents survived the Great Depression and brought me up to live within my means, save some for tomorrow, share and don't be greedy, work hard for the necessities in life knowing that money does not make you better or more important than anyone else. So, extravagance has been bred out of my DNA.
Sasha Mizaree|It was one of those days when I was thinking too much, too fast. Only it was more like the thoughts had a mind of their own and going all by themselves at a hundred miles a second, and I was just sitting back, feeling the growing paranoia inside of me.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|You can and should stand up for who you are and what you represent, without fear or prejudice. You take the promises you have made to yourself and to others very seriously.
Anne Carson|The story concerns the reason why we love to fall in love. Beauty spins and the mind moves. To catch beauty would be to understand how the impertinent stability in vertigo is possible. But no, delight need not reach so far. To be running breathlessly, but not yet arrived, is itself delightful, a suspended moment of living hope.
Thomas Sowell|'I don't need brains,' says the billionaire contemptuously. 'I'm brainy enough myself!' The broker cries out in desperation, 'What, in heaven's name, do you want?' 'Goodness,' is the answer.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|It is necessity and not pleasure that compels us. [Italian: Necessita c'induce, e non diletto.]
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|I loved those eyes , even though they never saw my pain ,I loved those ears , even though they heard my stories
Lita Burke, Ephraim's Curious Device|It is meant to be survival of the fittest, not survival of the most floral.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Most new ideas come to us not through pure logic, but through a fusion of memory and imagination. If new ideas were purely a product of rationality, other people would quickly grasp and embrace novel solutions. People’s lack of imagination prevents them from comprehending the significance of an innovative idea.
Jessica Hagy, How to Be Interesting: An Instruction Manual|Maybe your past isn't perfect. Maybe it was brutal. Maybe you were brutal. Maybe you've got more scars than you thought one skin could hold. You can't linger on those thoughts. You will drown in them. After all, it's only an interesting backstory if you can get past it.
Herman Melville|There she stood, hiding; the mother without child, the voiceless woman full of anger. Her smoked nails hammered her evaporated heart snivelling in the grotty kitchen of disaster. Her face, depleted, cauterised. Her eyes wheezed shame at what she knew would happen to her daughter, again and all over again.
Teddy Thompson|They say you don't want to meet your heroes, but those two guys, you do want to meet them, because they do not disappoint. Walken has this amazing sense of humor, and Pacino is like just a sweetheart of a guy.
Henry Rollins|I used to love to draw. I didn't want to go to art class because I felt that would be too corny when I was young, but architectural drafting was the cool thing to do because there was more precision. It taught me a lot about building and structures and doorways and frames and windowsills.
Marcel Proust|We have nothing to fear and a great deal to learn from trees, that vigorours and pacific tribe which without stint produces strengthening essences for us, soothing balms, and in whose gracious company we spend so many cool, silent, and intimate hours.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|A loon thought he was Frank Sinatra and every time Frank came on TV or radio the loon would go mad, impostor!
Leland Ryken, Redeeming the Time: A Christian Approach to Work and Leisure|We are perishing for lack of wonder, not for lack of wonders.
James Corden|When I'm in the city, I like to go to different events and get introduced to different people. That's what New York is all about. There is great diversity, and there are people from all over the world who have done amazing things. That's my favorite thing to do: meet new people.
Alesandro Bariko|I never even heard her voice."And after a while:"It is a strange grief."Softly:"To die of nostalgia for something you never lived.
Erich Fromm, Escape from Freedom|The analysis of the psychological motivations behind certain doctrines or ideas can never be a substitute for a rational judgement of the validity of the doctrine and of the values which it implies, although such analysis may lead to a better understanding of the real meaning of a doctrine and thereby influence one's value judgement.
Henry R. Luce|Advertising is a business of words, but advertising agencies are infested with men and women who cannot write. They cannot write advertisements, and they cannot write plans. They are helpless as deaf mutes on the stage of the Metropolitan Opera.
Maud Hart Lovelace, Betsy-Tacy and Tib|Summer was here again. Summer, summer, summer. I loved and hated summers. Summers had a logic all their own and they always brought something out in me. Summer was supposed to be about freedom and youth and no school and possibilities and adventure and exploration. Summer was a book of hope. That's why I loved and hated summers. Because they made me want to believe.
Voltaire, Candide: or, Optimism|Life is only precious because it ends, kid.
Emily Greene Balch|If one of us, any of us, any American is traveling in a town somewhere in America and a medical crisis hits them, for someone who is diabetic or perhaps has heart disease or some other problems, where do we get the records to determine what to do?
Madeleine L'Engle, The Joys of Love|Sorry. I get attacks of quotitis every once in a while. It's a very rare disease with no cure. It usually attacks older people, and here i am afflicted with it at my tender age.
Faith Sullivan, Heartbeat|Give me a chance, Gracie. I’m not a monster. I’m not going to hurt you. All I want to do is to make you scream with pleasure. To know each and every inch of your body. I will make you forget the pain you’ve been through and create beautiful memories for you with me.” - Luke Bryce, Be Mine
Ian McEwan, The Child in Time|For children, childhood is timeless. It is always the present. Everything is in the present tense. Of course, they have memories. Of course, time shifts a little for them and Christmas comes round in the end. But they don’t feel it. Today is what they feel, and when they say ‘When I grow up,’ there is always an edge of disbelief—how could they ever be other than what they are?
Rachel Stevens|No one can avoid aging, but aging productively is something else.
Emilio Segrè, From X Rays To Quarks: Modern Physicists And Their Discoveries|The bridge between the electron and the other elementary particles is provided by the fine structure constant, a ~ 1/137, as manifested in the factor-of-137 spacings between the classical electron radius, electron Compton radius, and Bohr orbit radius. ... An a-quantized mass-generation grid extends accurately from the electron all the way to the top quark t, and leads to a corresponding a-quantized particle lifetime grid.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|A true democratic society is supposed to serve its people, not big businesses. The welfare of its citizens, not corporate pockets. But when you have corporations buying the seats of our political leaders, who do you think they will serve?
John Ortberg Jr., Everybody's Normal Till You Get to Know Them|Pretty quickly, I stopped seeing the company as an engine of community. Instead, I saw it as a mythmaker offering only an illusion of belonging and meeting its customers' desire for connections in form, maybe, but surely not in substance. Once I came to this conclusion, I started to dig deeper into the company's other promises--great working conditions, musical discovery, fair treatment of farmer, and concern for the environment. Every time I went excavating, the stories turned out to be more complex, more heavily edited, and more ambiguous than I had first thought. Each time, it became clear that Starbucks fulfilled its many promises only in the thinnest, most transitory of ways and that people's desires went largely unfulfilled.
Soar, Yours, poetically: Special Deluxe Edition of Selected Poems and Quotes|There are things we do that the human mind doesn't understand, yet the same things are meant for the heart to fully comprehend.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Embracing personal vulnerability is required if you wish to work, play and succeed in the future.
Nicki Elson, Divine Temptation|I pulled him in and kissed back, and he threw his hands through my hair, his tongue licking hard over mine, picked me up by my thighs and wrapped them around him, he had a leather couch in his office and he threw me onto it, he quickly yanked his tie off and ripped his shirt off. I lay on the sofa looking over his sculpted chest, his deep pecks his hard abs, he came at me and grabbed my hair, he pulled it back exposing my throat, he kissed from my jaw down to my collarbone.
Katlyn Charlesworth, A Thousand Deaths|Jennings is too tough and honest a writer to let anyone off her moral hook, even her hero.
Mel Gibson|I've never treated anyone badly or in a discriminatory way based on their gender, race, religion or sexuality - period.
Howard Zinn|Mistaken ideas always end in bloodshed, but in every case it is someone else's blood. This is why our thinkers feel free to say just about anything.
Ayn Rand|The Devil can quote scripture, after all. And monsters can say "please" and "thank you" same as any mother's son.
Daily Word, Healing Thoughts|[Charlie is dying:]After what seemed a long while, but hadn’t been, Marsh gave Paulette’s hand a warm and caring squeeze. “They’re here for him,” she said.But their heavenly visitors didn’t take him right away. They had to make room for the chaos of modern medical urgencies. To get out of the way of well-trained professionals who had dedicated their lives to holding back Heaven.Choppers are just as noisy and turbulent as we imagine them to be. One tore in over the hills and shattered every bit of peace Charlie otherwise could have lost himself into.In an instant the Med-Evac team was all over him. In the midst of that blatant orchestrated chaos Paulette fought to find her peace, and to hold him inside it.“Hang on, buddy,” techs kept telling him. “Don’t go leaving us now. You just hang in there.”But they didn’t understand, Paulette thought. It was his time.The chopper made a horrible racket carrying him off. Marsh, Paulette, and Ailana held their peace as its winds whipped their world into a froth.Harve’s face twisted with something that might conceivably have been rage.Then, all of a sudden, the birds sang, as though someone had given them a cue. “So that’s what it’s like,” Marsha said, very softly.“The afterlife.“My God, it’s so beautiful.
Leslie Morgan Steiner, Crazy Love|If there is one thing the psychic taught me, it's that people and events are rarely who and what we think they are. They are more meaningful, more worth our attention-part of some finely choreographed, eternal dance that we would be wise to bow down before in gratitude and humility.
Ahmed Mostafa|Everything has a price. The price, however, isn't always money.
Daniel H. Pink|I like motivational books, because I like the go-getting American spirit - your destiny is in your own hands, life is what you make it, don't accept your limitations, jump before you're pushed, leap before you look.
Dilip Chitre|Chakravyuh mein ghusne se pehle,Before entering the circle of deceit,kaun tha mein aur kaisa tha,	who I was, and what I was,yeh mujhe yaad hi na rahega.	I would not remember.Chakravyuh mein ghusne ke baad,	After entering the circle of deceit,mere aur chakravyuh ke beech,	(there was) between me and the circle,sirf ek jaanleva nikat’ta thi,	only a deathly intimacyiska mujhe pata hi na chalega.	that I never realised.
John Coltrane|To any artist, worthy of the name, all in nature is beautiful, because his eyes, fearlessly accepting all exterior truth, read there, as in an open book, all the inner truth.
David Mitchell|I let myself flop - so gently, so slowly - into my one real chair and tried to make myself understand that I was on the doorstep of the universe.
Kristen Ashley, Rock Chick Regret|It was a night of early spring,The winter-sleep was scarcely broken;Around us shadows and the windListened for what was never spoken.Though half a score of years are gone,Spring comes as sharply now as then—But if we had it all to doIt would be done the same again.It was a spring that never came;But we have lived enough to knowThat what we never have, remains;It is the things we have that go.
Egor Kraft|Imagine you saw a colour in your dream, which you have never seen before. It doesn't consist of any colours or shades that you know. Trying to describe that colour would be as difficult as trying to belive that there is enough love & compassion in the world so every human can feel happiness.
Angel Ramon Medina, Revenge of the Gloobas: The Third Book of the Thousand Years War Series|A star never lets anything dull its sparkle, not even darkness.
Michael Rittenhouse, Sex: What Your Parents Didn't Tell You|How can I help this son of mine see when I can't see? The parent must always self-parent first, self-preach before child-teach, because who can bring peace unless they've held their own peace?
Leon Krier|Modernist architecture and town planning is inimical to human beings... based on the Darwinian concept that evolution is open ended, that there must always be something new and better.
Geoffrey Reiter|The best books — like the best music or television or movies or comics or video games — can challenge us and force us to think or perceive aspects of life that we may prefer to avoid. In a sense, they threaten us.
Ren Ng|For a lot of people, one of the reasons they don't like to work for founders of startups is that they can be sensitive and protective around what they've built. You have an emotional attachment to the early marketing and technology materials, and you don't want to hear that anything's wrong with them.
Catullus, I Hate and I Love|Be Vast, Solitary, Down to Earth and Firm
Robin Sacredfire|Instead of saying "men" or "friends" or "country", you should notice "who", "who are they" and "where". As you develop this skill (the 3rd eye vision is what I'm talking about here), you will be able to redirect your decisions beyond the illusion of appearancesAnd then you reach your destination much faster.
Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose|I would’ve loved to return to me home of Ireland, but Joshua never made the bloody pikes he was flogged for.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|I value my ownindependence so highly that I can fancy no degradation greater than thatof having another man perpetually directing and advising and lecturingme, or even planning too closely in any way about my actions. He mightbe the wisest of men, or the most powerful--I should equally rebel andresent his interference...
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Throw your hands and pull up those in the valley do the hill. However, press your feet on the ground so hard that you don’t fall into the same valley together. Some people’s helping hands became their grave digging tools!
Jim C. Hines|Your religious beliefs are your business. They are not and should not be the basis for law. If you use them as justification to discriminate against others, don’t be upset when others decide you’re an asshole."]
Huston Smith|Death is present every day in our lives. It's not that I take pleasure in the morbid fascination of it, but it is a fact of life.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Without the harmonious electrochemical activity of all the brain structure, the very thing which we call "mind", would suddenly disappear from the face of earth.
pleasefindthis, Intentional Dissonance|You must remember this feeling, Jon.The feeling of being happy. It doesn't happen often but when it does, you must grab it with both hands and hold it close. Let it overwhelm you. Don'tover analyse any emotion. But remember it. Always remember it.
Tim O'Reilly|With love, you should go ahead and take the risk of getting hurt because love is an amazing feeling.
George Bernard Shaw|Being famous is wicked, but being normal is better.
Thomas Jefferson, Democracy in America|The executive power in our government is not the only, perhaps not even the principal, object of my solicitude. The tyranny of the legislature is really the danger most to be feared, and will continue to be so for many years to come. The tyranny of the executive power will come in its turn, but at a more distant period.
Israelmore Ayivor, Michelangelo | Beethoven | Shakespeare: 15 Things Common to Great Achievers|Power is defined as an ability to do qualitative work with a quantitative passion, backed by a compelling conviction, directed by a propelling purpose, fulfilling a divine destiny. That is power!
Katie MacAlister, The Importance of Being Alice|The thought struck me, as I went about my daily ablutions, that Elliot had awfully nice hair for a man who’d take someone else’s ticket. It wasn’t long, but had a small curl to it that made you think about running your fingers through it. “Not that I have any intention of doing so ,” I told my reflection in the steam mirror. “Even if I was looking for a man, and I’m certainly not that stupid, he would be off the table. He’s friend to a rat bastard.” It was just a shame, too. How many bona fide lords does a girl meet? And how many of them have BBC voices, and nice faces, and curly hair that looks soft and silky and utterly gropeworthy?
Hazel Butler, Chasing Azrael|If Alice had a post-engagement policy, it was to pass.
Dennis Cooper, Try|Murder was deeply human. A person was killed and a person killed. And what powered the final thrust wasn't a whim, wasn't an event. It was an emotion. Something once healthy and human had become wretched and bloated and finally buried. But not put to rest. It lay there, often for decades, feeding on itself, growing and gnawing, grim and full of grievance. Until it finally broke free of all human restraint. Not conscience, not fear, not social convention could contain it. When that happened, all hell broke loose. And a man became a monster.
Marco Rubio|Every nation has to either be with us, or against us. Those who harbor terrorists, or who finance them, are going to pay a price.
Richard Adams, Watership Down|Some people discard their childhood like an old hat. They forget about it like a phone number that's no longer valid. They used to be kids, then they became adults - but what are they now?Only those who grow up but continue to be children are humans.
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|Anytime you think you hate somebody, what you do is pray for them. Try it, you’ll see.
Rita Dove|I think the novel is not so much a literary genre, but a literary space, like a sea that is filled by many rivers. The novel receives streams of science, philosophy, poetry and contains all of these; it's not simply telling a story.
Ryszard Kapuściński, Travels with Herodotus|Such people, while useful, even agreeable, to others, are, if truth be told, frequently unhappy–lonely in fact. Yes, they seek out others, and it may even seem to them that in a certain country or city they have managed to find true kinship and fellowship, having come to know and learn about a people; but they wake up one day and suddenly feel that nothing actually binds them to these people, that they can leave here at once. They realize that another country, some other people, have now beguiled them, and that yesterday’s most riveting event now pales and loses all meaning and significance. For all intents and purposes, they do not grow attached to anything, do not put down deep roots. Their empathy is sincere, but superficial. If asked which of the countries they have visited they like best, they are embarrassed–they do not know how to answer. Which one? In a certain sense–all of them. There is something compelling about each. To which country would they like to return once more? Again, embarrassment–they had never asked themselves such a question. The one certainty is that they would like to be back on the road, going somewhere. To be on their way again–that is the dream.
Charles Kingsley|Some say that the age of chivalry is past, that the spirit of romance is dead. The age of chivalry is never past, so long as there is a wrong left unredressed on earth.
Terry Pratchett|The first question they ask is: "Why was he eternally surprised?"And they were told: "Wen considered the nature of time and understood the universe is, instant by instant, re-created anew. Therefore, he understood, there is, in truth, no Past, only a memory of the Past. Blink your eyes, and the world you see next did not exist when you closed them. Therefore, he said, the only appropriate state of mind is surprise. The only appropriate state of heart is joy. The sky you see now, you have never seen before. The perfect moment is now. Be glad of it.
Idries Shah, Seeker After Truth|If you seek small things to do, and do them well, great things will seek you, and demand to be performed.
Denise Flaim, Rescue Ink: How Ten Guys Saved Countless Dogs and Cats, Twelve Horses, Five Pigs, One Duck,and a Few Turtles|Throughout time, we, as cats, have been worshipped by lower beings such as humans. Nothing has changed.
Francis Bacon|God has, in fact, written two books, not just one. Of course, we are all familiar with the first book he wrote, namely Scripture. But he has written a second book called creation.
J.H. Glaze|Writing is not about the voices in your head, but the voices that make the great leap to the page.
Richard Rodgers, Rodgers & Hammerstein's Cinderella|Do I love you because you're beautiful, or are you beautiful because I love you?
Shirley Corder, Strength Renewed: Meditations for Your Journey through Breast Cancer|There's only one way to become an eagle, and that's to be born an eagle.
Natasha Tsakos|The heavens and the earth are around us that it may be possible for us to speak of the unseen by the seen, for the outermost husk of creation has correspondence with the deepest things of the Creator.  He is not a God that hides himself, but a God who made all that he might reveal himself.
Liu Cixin, Death's End|Civilization was like a mad dash that lasted fie thousand years. Progress begot more progress; countless miracles gave birth to more miracles; humankind seemed to possess the power of gods; but in the end, the real power was wielded by time.
Lia Xi|But I broke your heart,” she whispers. I shrug and kiss her again. “You break it, you buy it.
MaryJanice Davidson|I really admire medical people. They have a great sense of humour, and they just have to get on with it.
William Crawford Gorgas, Sanitation in Panama|Fortunately for the cause of science and of humanity, we had as Governor-General of Cuba at that time General Leonard Wood, of the United States Army. General Wood had been educated as a physician, and had a very proper idea of the great advantages which would accrue to the world if we could establish the fact that yellow fever was conveyed by the mosquito, and his medical training made him a very competent judge as to the steps necessary to establish such fact. General Wood during the whole course of the investigations took the greatest interest in the experiments, and assisted the Board in every way he could.
Sarah Addison Allen|The sky is deep, the sky is dark. The light of the stars is o damn stark/When I look up, I fill with fear, if all we have is what lies here, this lonely world, this troubled place, then cold dead stars and empty space...Well, I see no reason to persevere, no reason to laugh or shed a tear, no reason to sleep and none to wake/ No promises to keep and none to make. And so at night I still raise my eyes tos tudy the clear but mysterious skies that arch avove us, cold as stone. Are you there God? Are we alone?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Sacred-soul, sacred life.
Robin Bielman, Wild About Her Wingman|Little girl, little boyIf love has a wayFill their fields with laughterAnd scatter the sun on their dayAnd if it should happen to rainMake their raindrops kissesStraight from heaven aboveThat touch their hands and facesAnd that fill them with loveAnd make the moon reflect their smilesAnd their stars plentyAnd, above all, keep them togetherAnd hold them as you mayForever and everUntil their last day.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Have you fallen into the world’s trap, following its self-indulgent goals and driven by its self-centered motives? It can happen without you even being aware of it. Make sure Christ is first in your life, and make it your goal to live according to His Word.
Hubert Martin|With ravenous passion and reckless ambition he forged his thoughts into words, obsessed with the notion that dying would not be the last thing he would do.
John Rucyahana, The Bishop of Rwanda: Finding Forgiveness Amidst a Pile of Bones|We are preaching hope, standing on the bones of the past.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Me Before Them|The basis of love that most people share is the intimacy they developed with their partners, the intensity of their attraction, or the similarity of their thought patterns,
Amish Tripathi, Scion of Ikshvaku|The Naga laughed softly, 'There's a thin line that separates courage from stupidity.''And that line is only visible in retrospect, my friend. If I'm successful, people will call me brave. If I fail, I will be called foolish. Let ,me do what I think is right. I'll leave the verdict to the future.
Charlotte Eriksson|Do not write. I am sad, and want my light put out.Summers in your absence are as dark as a room.I have closed my arms again. They must do without.To knock at my heart is like knocking at a tomb. Do not write!Do not write. Let us learn to die, as best we may.Did I love you? Ask God. Ask yourself. Do you know?To hear that you love me, when you are far away,Is like hearing from heaven and never to go. Do not write!Do not write. I fear you. I fear to remember,For memory holds the voice I have often heard.To the one who cannot drink, do not show water,The beloved one's picture in the handwritten word. Do not write!Do not write those gentle words that I dare not see,It seems that your voice is spreading them on my heart,Across your smile, on fire, they appear to me,It seems that a kiss is printing them on my heart. Do not write!
Tessa Gratton, The Lost Sun|it's like kissing a boy, finally, a boy
A.W. Tozer, The Knowledge of the Holy|So, were every man on earth to become atheist, it could not affect God in any way. He is what He is in Himself without regard to any other. To believe in Him adds nothing to His perfections; to doubt Him takes nothing away.Almighty God, just because He is almighty, needs no support. The picture of a nervous, ingratiating God fawning over men to win their favor is not a pleasant one; yet if we look at the popular conception of God, that is precisely what we see. Twentieth century Christianity has put God on charity. So lofty is our opinion of ourselves that we find it quite easy, not to say enjoyable, to believe that we are necessary to God. But the truth is that God is not greater for our being, nor would He be less if we did not exist.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|The boys just wanted to light the oven, but they ended up burning down the whole business and the family home. The children were saved, but the Ole Kirk Kristiansen's future looked bleak.Ole Kirk was a religious man; his optimism and sense of humour were well-known far beyond the local boundaries. Where others would have folded their hands in their laps and accepted their fate, he did not give up. With the courage born of desperation, he rebuilt his business on a larger and more expensive scale than it had been previously - and more so than he could afford: Many rooms had to be sublet, and the Kristiansens themselves only used a small part of the building. Apprentices were no longer paid, but received board and lodging instead. Life continued, somehow.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A paradox of life; be it good or bad, joy or sorrow, comfort or discomfort, appointment or disappointment, encouragement or discouragement, deception or loyalty, faithfulness or unfaithfulness, a good day or a bad day, things in life never remains static. Things keep moving and things keep changing. Seconds keep galloping, minutes keep changing into hours and hours keep turning into days. Free your mind from such things which are capable of crippling it from thinking distinctively. Notwithstanding the situation, keep moving to the purposeful land.
Hanna Rosin|The truth is I'm not really interested in travel writing as it's generally conceived, and even less so in female travel writing.
Louis XIV|For me, it is essential to have the inner peace and serenity of prayer in order to listen to the silence of God, which speaks to us, in our personal life and the history of our times, of the power of love.
James Wallace, Hard Drive: Bill Gates and the Making of the Microsoft Empire|Take it easy when you are busy! It shall never be easy but, take it easy!
Aaron Sorkin, The Newsroom Script Episode 1|Kids can and will thrive in the right conditions, but it all seems to start with the teachers, and giving those teachers the resources to teach- and not just to test.
Peter Stanyer, The Complete Book of Drawing Techniques: A Complete Guide for the Artist|You say great artists sell their souls for their art?""Maybe," she ventured."That's true, I suppose. If you're doing it right, anyway. I've probably sold mine. Jack's certainly sold his. And you, I imagine.""I have not!" she said, anger showing clear in her eyes. "Not literally," he said hastily. "But we give up being a person to be an artist, don't we?
David Thewlis|The cycle of life is death, decomposition and regeneration, and a person who wants to stop killing animals is actually anti-life because it's only in death that life can be regenerated.
Emi Iyalla, Skills That Pay The Bills|Aside from the straightforwardly visible curriculum, there is the hidden curriculum. This exists in the wider set of beliefs and values pupils acquire because of the way that a school is run and its teaching organized. It is about the behaviour of the teachers, the textbooks chosen, the school rules.
Neil Postman, The End of Education: Redefining the Value of School|The scientific method," Thomas Henry Huxley once wrote, "is nothing but the normal working of the human mind." That is to say, when the mind is working; that is to say further, when it is engaged in corrrecting its mistakes.Taking this point of view, we may conclude that science is not physics, biology, or chemistry--is not even a "subject"--but a moral imperative drawn from a larger narrative whose purpose is to give perspective, balance, and humility to learning.
Veronica Blade, From Fame to Shame|Yet the organic label itself—like every other such label in the supermarket—is really just an imperfect substitute for direct observation of how a food is produced, a concession to the reality that most people in an industrial society haven’t the time or the inclination to follow their food back to the farm, a farm which today is apt to be, on average, fifteen hundred miles away.
Genereux Philip|Trust the vibes you get, energy doesn’t lie.
M.V. Carey|I don’t shy from writing about incredibly unpleasant, distressing things. And I get a kick out of it I confess. I like doing that.
Logan Kain, The Dead Will Rise First|The best reason for committing loathsome and detestable acts--and let's face it, I am considered something of an expert in this field--is purely for their own sake. Monetary gain is all very well, but it dilutes the taste of wickedness to a lower level that is obtainable by anyone with an overdeveloped sense of avarice. True and baseless evil is as rare as the purest good--and we all know how rare that is...
Drea Damara, The Weeping Books Of Blinney Lane|Life without you? Actually I can’t imagine what it would be, because you are always with me, you’re like my guardian angel and above all a very fun and responsible friend. I love you.
Mark Batterson, A Trip Around the Sun: Turning Your Everyday Life Into the Adventure of a Lifetime|...if you're walking with Jesus and you invite someone to walk with you, there is a good chance they'll get to know Jesus somewhere along the way.
Andrew   Crofts, Secrets of the Italian Gardener|Diplomats and politicians, blowing with the wind. No substance, no beliefs, no real friendships.
Juliet Marillier, Daughter of the Forest|There is no truth on this island of yours. Rather, there are as many truths as there are stars in the sky; and every one of them different.
Kevin Thoman|The deeper you go in ministry, the more the enemy wants to be an irritant in your marriage.
David Suzuki|It's not unexpected that shooting massive amounts of water, sand, and chemicals at high pressure into the earth to shatter shale and release natural gas might shake things up. But earthquakes aren't the worst problem with fracking.
Richard Branson|Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again.
Tytenisha L. Osgood, Confessions of a Praying Woman: Understanding the Basics of Answered Prayer through Scripture and Positive Confession|Satan is a relentless tormenter; you have to be a relentless Scripture Confessor until satan flees."- Tytenisha, Confessions of a Praying Woman
Martina Navratilova|The biggest aggravation in the Arab world, the biggest reason for their anger toward us and the creation of those suicide terrorists, is Israel and the difficulty with the Palestinian issue.
Tehmina Durrani, Blasphemy|To me, my husband was my son’s murderer. He was also my daughter’s molester. A parasite nibbling on the Holy Book, he was Lucifer, holding me by the throat and driving me to sin every night. He was Bhai’s destroyer, Amma Sain’s tormentor, Ma’s humbler and the people’s exploiter. He was the rapist of orphans and the fiend that fed on the weak. But over and above all this, he was known to be the man closest to Allah, the one who could reach Him and save us.
Himani Bannerji, The Dark Side of the Nation: Essays on Multiculturalism, Nationalism, and Gender|If we conservatives “of color” refuse to promote the welfare state, unfettered abortion, affirmative action, and massive immigration, we are guilty of “selling out.
Nigel Slater, Real Cooking|...it was one of the best meals we ever ate.Perhaps that is because it was the first conscious one, for me at least; but the fact that we remember it with such queer clarity must mean that it had other reasons for being important. I suppose that happens at least once to every human. I hope so.Now the hills are cut through with superhighways, and I can't say whether we sat that night in Mint Canyon or Bouquet, and the three of us are in some ways even more than twenty-five years older than we were then. And still the warm round peach pie and the cool yellow cream we ate together that August night live in our hearts' palates, succulent, secret, delicious.
Charles Bass|For four years, I listened to stories of intelligence failures, and it wasn't due to incompetence of anyone in the system, but that the system is so arcane.
Ahmad Ardalan, Baghdad: The Final Gathering|An hour later. the moon reflected its light on the Tigris as well. The sun, the moon, and Fatima. What else could I ask for?
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|As long as we see abusers as victims, or as out-of-control monsters, they will continue getting away with ruining lives. If we want abusers to change, we will have to require them to give up the luxury of exploitation.
Peter  Kirby, The Dead of Winter|I suppose that’s an inevitable part of human existence, but in the bosom of a close family it can, at least, be endured. For the homeless, there is no relief. Without family or friends there’s only the pain.
Abraham Lincoln, Speeches and Writings, 1832-1858|The Bible is not my book nor Christianity my profession. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma.
Harry Stoker|I chased my prey…there was blood oozing out from the pain of the weaker… my incisors tasted the deliciousness of flesh! Lying down under the shade of age-old tree I knew- you are nothing but the contentment of the deliciousness - the very meaning of mortal life! It was when I myself became the prey of hunger, seeing my own flesh bleeding from the mouth of my successor, I knew, you were more than that what I knew in my senses, my hunger!
Geoffrey Wood|Isn’t the universe full of gaseous elements?”Andrew says, “Yeah, there are gases and neutrinos and this shit they call dark matter.
Tammy Duckworth|Politics, after all, is largely about power. And power goes to the core of our issues of control and narcissism and need to be right and tendency to divide the human race into 'us' vs. 'them.'
Suzanne Selfors, Once Upon A Pet : A Collection of Little Pet Stories|Yes, I could stop writing... But only after I shoot myself.
Steve Goodier|Bring it up, make amends, forgive yourself. It sounds simple, but don’t think for a second that it is easy. Getting free from the tyranny of past mistakes can be hard work, but definitely worth the effort. And the payoff is health, wholeness and inner peace. In other words, you get your life back.
Kenneth Rexroth|The mature man lives quietly, does good privately, takes responsibility for his actions, treats others with friendliness and courtesy, finds mischief boring and avoids it. Without the hidden conspiracy of goodwill, society would not endure an hour.
Audrey Hepburn|I was just a goofy little funny kid, who was always getting sent to the principal. It wasn't serious because I was smart. I wasn't like a true troublemaker, just rambunctious - like, talkative and trying to be funny. That was me in middle-school.
Nancy Mitford, Christmas Pudding|If I had a girl I should say to her, 'Marry for love if you can, it won't last, but it is a very interesting experience and makes a good beginning in life. Later on, when you marry for money, for heaven's sake let it be big money. There are no other possible reasons for marrying at all.
David  Cain, You Are Here|Everything can turn around in a moment, if you just change your thoughts, and make different decisions. Listen to your heart.
Peter Singer, Writings on an Ethical Life|Just as we will spend large sums to preserve cities like Venice, even though future generations conceivably may not be interested in such architectural treasures, so we should preserve wilderness even though it is possible that future generations will care little for it.
Albert Einstein|One thing I have learned in a long life: that all our science, measured against reality, is primitive and childlike -- and yet it is the most precious thing we have.
Dan Gemeinhart, Some Kind of Courage|I was alone alright. And life surely had been a hard trial for me, so far. From the time mama and Katie fell sick, life had been one misery after another.But here I was. Still with breath in my lungs. And blood in my veins. And memories and voices in my heart. Good ones. And life was going on, all around me. With or without me, it was going on.It weren't a matter of the whole thing stopping or the whole thing going on. The whole thing was going on. It was only a matter of me standing up and deciding what part I had to play in it all.I could be the quitting kind. Or not. I could be the kind of man my mama and papa had raised, or not.I rose to my feet and did the best I could to scrape the worst of the mud off my coat and pants."Sarah's going to be somebody's horse," I said to myself. "And I'm sure as hell gonna make sure she's mine.
Edward Cline|It is honor that makes commerce possible, dear brother. And the law courts, when men lack it.
Kay Ryan|Gaps don't/just happen./There is a/generative element/inside them,/a welling motion/as when cold/waters shoulder/up through/warmer oceans./And where gaps/choose to widen,/coordinates warp,/even in places/constant since/the oldest maps.
Tahir Shah, Beyond The Devil's Teeth|I was becoming addicted to Bombay. There was squalor and poverty, but I had begun to realise my good fortune and would never again forget it.
Shannon Bradley-Colleary, Married Sex: Fact and Fiction|Nineteen ninety-eight was a banner year for Connie. She was separately invited by two male former college friends to participate in an ménage à trois with them and their wives, despite her overbite and diminutive breasts.
Jason Versey|I wanted to see my family, but didn't want to leave the other guys. The people waiting for us were strangers, even though I knew every last one of them.
Habeeb Akande|You become a man not when you reach a certain age, but when you reach a certain state of mind.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|It may have been my youth that forged my heart but it is my adulthood that defines me now." ~quote by Roe'vaash in "Then'diel's HEART
Denice Envall|To me, you were more than just a person. You were a place where I finally felt at home.
U.G. Krishnamurti, Mind is a Myth|If a man isn't willing to take some risk for his opinions, either his opinions are no good or he's no good
Debasish Mridha|In the thunder of life, without your light, I often lost my way.
David Bischoff, Some Kind of Wonderful|Every human creates his own imagined version of the world, and of himself. Every human is therefore Brahma, creator of his own aham.Aham Brahmasmi, I am Brahma. Tat tvam asi, so are you.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Yet he could not enjoy the walk. In the morning especially a bougainvillaea looks handmade, lawns are always lawns, and it is true indeed that dogs smell fear. Cats don't say.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|For once in my life maybe I ought to actually think about taking God at His word, and in doing so to suddenly find myself riotously welcoming the rather shocking reality that Christmas is truly everything that He says it is.
Kevin Rudd|Instead of just giving lip service to improving our schools, I will actually put the kids first and the teachers union behind in giving our kids better teachers, better options and better choices for a better future.
Gianluigi Buffon|But we also believe in taking risks, because that's how you move things along.
Confucius|I've been very lucky to have achieved a lot of the things that I dreamt of achieving as a young man. But, at the end of the day - and I truly believe this - it is not about achieving great wealth or success. Because they don't bring happiness, ultimately.
Jean Cocteau|The mind is like a richly woven tapestry in which the colors are distilled from the experiences of the senses, and the design drawn from the convolutions of the intellect.
Fabrizio Moreira|City life is stressful. Everybody is running around like crazy, stuck in traffic jams trying to make meetings, trying to make ends meet, trying to meet deadlines, trying to get kids to and from activities. There aren't enough hours in the day for all this business.
Heather Choate Davis, Elijah & the SAT: Reflections on a hairy old desert prophet and the benchmarking of our children's lives|To evoke another great phrase of the American revolutionary heritage — widely though inconclusively attributed to Thomas Jefferson — the price of liberty is eternal vigilance. Such a phrase is merely trite, however, unless we consider its deeper implications. For the French revolutionaries, as for so many regimes that have succeeded them across the world up to the present day, the call for vigilance against enemies, both external and internal, was the first step on the road to the loss of liberty, and lives.Of far more significance, and the true and tragic lesson of the epic descent into The Terror, is the summons to vigilance against ourselves — that we should not assume that we are righteous, and our enemies evil; that we can see clearly, and to others are blinded by malice or folly; that we can abrogate the fragile rights of others in the name of our own certainty and all will be well regardless.If we do not honor the message of human rights born in the revolutions of 1776 and 1786, as the French in their case most certainly failed to do, we too are on the road to The Terror.
Stephen R. Covey|I believe that there are parts to human nature that cannot be reached by either legislation or education, but require the power of God to deal with.
Michael Bay|I actually thought that it would be a little confusing during the same period of your life to be in one meeting when you're trying to make money, and then go to another meeting where you're giving it away. I mean is it gonna erode your ability, you know, to make money? Are you gonna somehow get confused about what you're trying to do?
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|The night embraces me, cool and endless, and above me the stars are tiny holes in the darkness through which the light of eternity is pouring out. I can almost sense primordial stardust flowing through my veins. People are forever telling me that stars make them feel small, and I always nod noncommittally and wonder at the stuffy confinement of their minds. Stars make me feel vast.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Yes, as Rhett had prophesied, marriage could be a lot of fun. Not only was it fun but she was learning many things. That was odd in itself, because Scarlett had thought life could teach her no more. Now she felt like a child, every day on the brink of a new discovery.
Henry T. Blackaby, Experiencing the Spirit: The Power of Pentecost Every Day|Is not the gospel its own sign and wonder? Is not this a miracle of miracles, that 'God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish'? Surely that precious word, 'Whosoever will, let him come and take the water of life freely' and that solemn promise, 'Him that cometh unto Me, I will in no wise cast out,' are better than signs and wonders! A truthful Saviour ought to be believed. He is truth itself. Why will you ask proof of the veracity of One who cannot lie?
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Samuel, wise is relative. Wise is listening to your heart and letting it decide what to do.” -Joseph Dahr.
Preeth Nambiar, The Solitary Shores|When silence is a living thing, it can be a friend, sometimes even a comfort.
Jimmy Buffett|When you write a play, you work out like a musician on a piece of music. You find all the rhythms and the melody and the harmonies and take them as they come.
Rose Wynters, My Wolf Cowboy|Werewolves never joke about age,” he said solemnly.“Why not?”Connor shrugged, a smile teasing his lips. “I dunno,” he finally admitted. “I just thought it sounded good.
Kerry Kletter, The First Time She Drowned|I am learning through my work with Liz that part of being healthy is being able to hold and remember who people actually are instead of who we wish they were. It's a daily struggle against a brain that tends to want to cling to a fairy-tale hope, but it's also the only way to guarantee a life surrounded by those who build rather than destroy. In the end, the loss is about letting go of what I never had in the first place.
Nibley, Hugh|I think life becomes a fabric of choices, interwoven, all related... I split my life into these two things, thief and lady
Christine McVie|If anyone tells you it's impossible to be fabulous and smart and make a ton of money using math, well, they can just get in line behind you - and kiss your math.
Marissa Meyer, Heartless|Are you here for a reason, Cheshire?Why, yes, I would enjoy a cup of tea. I take mine with lots of cream, and no tea. Thank you.
Auliq Ice|Ire, like an atom bomb, could clear the field but came with consequence.
Jon Stewart|Yes, the long war on Christianity. I pray that one day we may live in an America where Christians can worship freely! In broad daylight! Openly wearing the symbols of their religion... perhaps around their necks? And maybe -- dare I dream it? -- maybe one day there can be an openly Christian President. Or, perhaps, 43 of them. Consecutively.
Rudolf Hiferding|I can go to a movie theater and watch a movie I was in with an audience... but with television, the opportunity to meet the fans at Comic Con or any other situation, it's a chance to enter that circle; it's that sharing.
Haruki Murakami, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage|It was a different sense of isolation from what he normally felt in Japan. And not such a bad feeling, he decided. Being alone in two senses of the word was maybe like a double negation of isolation. In other words, it made perfect sense for him, a foreigner, to feel isolated here. The thought calmed him. He was in exactly the right place.
Robin Alexander, Rusty Logic|...Rusty followed. “You should probably pull out your gun. Whatever is in there made enough noise to make me believe it wasn’t a bug.” Kirsten’s stride faltered, and she came to a stop at the door. “Okay, I’m gonna come clean right now. I cannot stand rats or mice. Snakes scare me less. So if I get in there and I see a furry vermin, I will scream like a little girl. If you tell anyone you witnessed that, I will ticket you every time you pull out of your driveway. Are we clear?” “Are you sure you don’t want me to go to the store?” Kirsten met Rusty’s gaze. “Are you clear on what I just said?” “Yep.
Marie Lu, Champion|Whether you need to remember the past or not, It changes nothing but gives the best choice for the future that makes You always to remember your past.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Essays and Aphorisms|As the biggest library if it is in disorder is not as useful as a small but well-arranged one, so you may accumulate a vast amount of knowledge but it will be of far less value to you than a much smaller amount if you have not thought it over for yourself; because only through ordering what you know by comparing every truth with every other truth can you take complete possession of your knowledge and get it into your power.
Chuck Palahniuk, Haunted|Nature is the supreme cradle of life, and must be protected and treated with the highest respect and care.
Roz Savage|No despotism, no privileged monopolies, no police societies, no divine rights of the emirs or feudal landlords or shady priests and sheikhs. All had the same equal footing—the rich and the poor, the noble and the common.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|It seems when Opportunity knocks, Fate shows up to open the door.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|There are three types of people out there; those who lean, those who lift, and those who lead. People who lean immobilize you; stay away from them. People who lift inspire you; keep them near. People who lead positively influence you; seek them out.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|Rena noticed me watching it pass. 'You think they don't got problem?' Rena said. 'Everybody got problem. You got me, they got insurance, house payment, Preparation H.' She smiled, baring the part between her two upper teeth. 'We are the free birds. They want to be us.
Omoakhuana Anthonia|Prayer is communication. You talk, God listens. You listen when God talks.
Michael Bassey Johnson|If you were destined to be a poet, then you won't brainstorm for lines that rhymes. If you were destined to be a celebrity, then you shouldn't start searching for fans. If you are truly a god, then let others worship you!
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|I'll live as well, as deeply, as madly as I can--until I die.
Robin Romm, The Mercy Papers|In my opinion, anyone who says they have no anxiety at all over experiencing their own physical death is not in touch with their humanity".~R. Alan Woods [2012]
Edgar Degas|It's ok to not like yourself sometimes, it just means there's something in you that needs "fixing". Love yourself to recognize these parts of you and watch yourself grow beautifully into the person you were meant to be.
M.P. Johnson, Cattle Cult! Kill! Kill!|We'll eat your steam and lap up your blood. But first, we'll drink your screams
Hope Bradford, Oracle of Compassion: The Living Word of Kuan Yin|Gain strength. Suck up energy. Make a point of appreciating the fragrance of the flowers and the beauty of the sunset. It is like armor. When you take a moment to practice my message you can then be armed with an ability to be detached. One is meant to forgive, to forgive and be compassionate."~Kuan Yin
Joshua Chamberlain|My heroes, my dreams, and my future lay in Yankee Stadium. And they can't take that away from me.
Deyth Banger|I'm very curious where can it put you life without to have a target. It's like to push something which doesn't do anything, but what happens??If I push something to much times it brokes, but what happen with the humanity without a target?
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|The funny thing is, in reality we all just presume that life is going to happen when we wake up in the morning. What if it didn’t?
Albert Schweitzer|O heavenly Father,protect and bless all thingsthat have breath: guard themfrom all evil and let them sleep in peace.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|He stepped down, avoiding any long look at her as one avoids long looks at the sun, but seeing her as one sees the sun, without looking.
Dada Bhagwan|If you say that you have accepted defeat, the world will let you go. ‘We’ have discovered this. Because, we had tried to win over the world and in doing so, we had to go through many incarnations. And in the end, I said that I have acknowledged defeat and settled down.
Brian A. McBride, Dominion|Such a distant, forgotten thing, this Light.
Robert Kennedy|Keep all special thoughts and memories for lifetimes to come. Share these keepsakes with others to inspire hope and build from the past, which can bridge to the future.
Thom Mayne|The aesthetic of architecture has to be rooted in a broader idea about human activities like walking, relaxing and communicating. Architecture thinks about how these activities can be given added value.
Cassandra Clare, The Rise of the Hotel Dumort|So, what are you?""What I am is someone who doesn't want you to jump out of the window. The rest are details.
Rae Carson, The Crown of Embers|You could die tomorrow, you don't think you should kiss her today?
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|My friends don't think they're rich, because they know someone who's richer.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|It is proper Netiquette to provide positive reinforcement, feedback, for posts we Like. NetworkEtiquette.net
Munia Khan|Love is such a tremendous force of feeling! When you can't stop loving, you simply cannot stop it.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|And age was just a trait, like the color of your hair, or the amount of freckles on your skin.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Circle of Quiet|The difference between wanting to write and having written is one year of hard, relentless labour. It's a bridge you have to build all by yourself, all alone, all through the night, while the world goes about its business without giving a damn. The only way of making this perilous passage is by looking at it as a pilgrimage.
R.L. LaFevers, Dark Triumph|Jewels can be replaced, cousin. Independence, once lost, cannot.
Habeeb Akande|I love living in the ghetto!" #PoorMindSet
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Essential Rumi|This poetry. I never know what I'm going to say.I don't plan it.When I'm outside the saying of it,I get very quiet and rarely speak at all.
M. L. Stedman - The Light Between Oceans|To make sense of it - that's the challenge. To bear witness to the death, without being broken by the weight of it.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|I slept and I woke. She gave me a ring made from a leaf, a cluster of golden berries, a flower that opened and closed at the stroking of a finger....And once, when I startled awake with my face wet and my chest aching, she reached out to lay her hand on top of mine. The gesture was so tentative, her expression so anxious, you would think she had never touched a man before. As if she was worried I might break or burn or bite. Her cool hand lay on mine for a moment, gentle as a moth. She squeezed my hand softly, waited, then pulled away.It struck me as odd at the time. But I was too clouded with confusion and grief to think clearly. Only now, looking back, do I realize the truth of things. With all the awkwardness of a young lover, she was trying to comfort me, and she didn't have the slightest idea how.
Kiersten Fay, Demon Possession|When they would spar, Calic held nothing back, as if he possessed a deep rage clawing for release. He demonstrated a ferocity Sebastian had never seen the likes of. Sebastian had the same rage bubbling inside him. However, he was able to hone it differently by focusing on the survival of his crew
Sunday Adelaja|Granville did not come to enquire after me, as I had known he would not. I had always considered him made awkward by painful emotion, but now I considered that perhaps hew as only unfeeling.
KayeC Jones, The Day the Aunts Disappeared|Something was wrong, and while Mr. Bones could scarcely imagine what that thing was, Henry's sadness was beginning to have an effect on him, and within a matter of minutes he had taken on the boy's sadness as his own. Such is the was with dogs.
W.H. Davies, The Autobiography of a Super-Tramp|LET ME IN LET ME IN LET ME INLET ME IN LET ME IN LET ME INLET ME IN LET ME IN LET ME INLET ME IN LET ME IN LET ME INLET ME IN LET ME I-Oh, uh, helloI did not expect an answerI did not expect an entranceI did not expect this room to be so unbelievably dullSo, uh, goodbye
Graham Peterson, A Life of Hope|Whats past is proloque, merely a way to a settled soul
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|One of the most breathtaking concepts in all of Scripture is the revelation that God knows each of us personally and that we are in His mind both day and night. There is simply no way to comprehend the full implications of His love by the King of kings and Lord of lords. He is all-powerful and all-knowing, majestic and holy, from everlasting to everlasting. Why would He care about us—about our needs, our welfare, our fears? We have been discussing situations in which God doesn’t make sense. His concern for us mere mortals is the most inexplicable of all.
John Steinbeck|That got me to laughing too. His laughter, like his yelling, got into you until you was right soaked with it. So you couldn’t help yourself. But it felt good. Light. I tell you, I hadn’t felt like that in a long while.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|Leo: I'm almost out of gas! Woah, that came out wrong. I meant the burning kind!
Robert Henri|Art tends toward balance, order, judgment of relative values, the laws of growth, the economy of living – very good things for anyone to be interested in.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|Madness is a bowl of poison cherries, chew them and die, but you die screaming in agony.
Christopher Hitchens|Bad as political fiction can be, there is always a politician prepared to make it look artistic by comparison.
Abdurrahman Wahid|Recounting of a life story, a mind thinking aloud leads one inevitably to the consideration of problems which are no longer psychological but spiritual.
Roma Downey|I saw a photo of a Christian Lacroix couture dress when I was in my teens and decided right then that that's how I wanted to look on my wedding day. In my mind, that's what angels looked like.
EXO Books, The Last Day of Captain Lincoln|When it becomes acceptable to kill another man or woman, childhood dies.” whispered Laurence. “When it becomes acceptable to kill a child…humanity dies.
Elaine  White, Decadent|Cormag caught his hand and pulled him back until they were facing each other. “I think you're amazing,” he said, blurting the words out.Lachlan smiled, completely shocked and thrilled by how captivating he found him.He had never thought this could happen to him, that he would be attracted to another boy.He thought he knew himself so well.“I think you're smart, sexy, funny as hell. You have hidden depths, Lachlan. You only need the right person to coax you out of your protective shell,” he claimed.“Are you the right person?” Lachlan wondered, as he took a half step forward.Cormag took a deep breath and brushed at a strand of hair that was sticking out at a funny angle from behind the top of his ear. He tugged at his short hair every time he talked about his recent break up. He was such a dork.
Immanuel Kant|Treat people as an end, and never as a means to an end
Donald Richie, A Lateral View: Essays on Culture and Style in Contemporary Japan|Japan never considers time together as time wasted. Rather, it is time invested.
Hermann Hesse, Gertrude|One of the problems with being a witch is when you ask the universe a question, it generally give you an answer.
Thomas King, The Inconvenient Indian: A Curious Account of Native People in North America|The yard consisted of grass and a Russian Olive tree, which was about the only kind of tree able to survive on the high prairies. Its thin, grey leaves made it look as though it were on the verge of dying, thereby fooling the elements and the bad weather into thinking that they didn't have to bother with something so spindly and bent, something so obviously on its last legs.
Sarah Palin|There is no war on women. Women are doing well. But women are thoughtful. And what we in the Republican Party and across the country, Republican, Independents and Democrat women say is we're more thoughtful than a label. We care about jobs and the economy and healthcare and education. We care about a lot of different things.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Our offices are filled with people working their lives out to enrich their boss, government or company.
Joyce Carol Oates, Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang|One would think, however, that sharing a name might offer a thin string of connection. It was always a thrill to meet someone who had the same name as you, and unlike a lot of things, this was a thrill that never quite faded.
Alice Taylor, To School Through The Fields|In the summers we swam in the river and caught minnows with jam pots; on Sunday evenings my father fished in it, bringing home each time a bag of trout. In winter salmon came up to this quiet backwater to spawn and, of course, there was a certain amount of poaching, to which my father objected strongly. Once, when a generous neighbour gave us a present of a poached salmon, he lined us all up around the kitchen table and proceeded to open up the fish. As the eggs poured out he explained about the huge loss of fish life due to the poaching of this one salmon. In my father's world nature possessed a balance and man had no right to upset that balance to satisfy his own greed; killing this fish was going against the laws of nature.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes|Even if I take him out for three hours every day, and go and chat to him for another hour, that leaves twenty hours for him all alone with nothing to do. Oh, why can't dogs read?
Dale Archer|In high school I had B's and C's, not too many A's, but I must have done well on that medical school test, and I must have had some charisma in the interview, so I ended up in medicine. Being a general practitioner was all I aspired to.
Lisa Kleypas, Sugar Daddy|I looked down at the brochure nearest me."We're going to Nigeria," I threatened. "I hope you like elephant polo." -Liberty Jones
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|If Christ has been given us, if we are called to his discipleship we are given all things, literally _all_ things. He will see to it that they are added unto us. If we follow Jesus and look only to His righteousness, we are in his hands and under the protection of Him and His Father. And if we are in communion with the Father, nought can harm us. God will help us in the hour of need, and He knows our needs.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Think outside the box? Indeed. But to add balance to that, one should not in the process forget what the inside of the box looks like as well. Those who are best at thinking outside the box do it not to puff themselves up, but to see how small they really are. As a contented fish in its fish tank appears to have a small, boring existence to us, imagine a larger, more perceptive kingdom (even by scientific taxonomy) to whom our contented existences may appear to be small and boring. This is where true creativity and massive perceptive abilities spawn a sense of intellectual humility; the kind which God adores.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Collegiate life presents a student with innumerable opportunities to engender personal growth by responding to a dynamic social, athletic, and academic environment. Students instigate personal development by making calculated and rash personal decisions pertaining to what activities to pursue and by measuring their string of reactions to new experiences.
Joe Elliott|Music is very spiritual, it has the power to bring people together.
Thomas Hughes, Tom Brown at Oxford|I've lived the literal meaning of the "land of the free" and "hone of the brave." It's not corny for me. I feel it in my heart. I feel it in my chest. Even at a ball game, when someone talks during the anthem or doesn't take off his hat, it pisses me off. I'm not one to be quiet about it either.
Leah Spiegel, Foolish Games|Is it my imagination, or is there some kind of jealousy thing going on here?"-Inuyasha (gives Inuyasha a really bad look)"It's your imagination."-Sango (Inuyasha tries to hide behind Kagome) "Whatever you say."-Kagome
Ringo Starr|Wishful thinking is not idealism. It is self-indulgence at best and self-exaltation at worst. In either case, it is usually at the expense of others. In other words, it is the opposite of idealism.
Chris Bangle|Running on different types of racetracks is challenging - not only for the drivers, but even more for the team members who have to make adjustments to the cars before each race.
Iain H. Murray, The Life of Martyn Lloyd-Jones - 1899-1981|A young man can work at excessive speed with no ill effects, but youth is unfortunately not a permanent condition of life.
Ian McEwan, Enduring Love|Contrary to popular belief, the past was not more eventful than the present. If seems so it is because when you look backward things that happened years apart are telescoped together, and because very few of your memories come to you genuinely virgin. It is largely because of the books, films and reminiscences that have come between that the war of 1914-18 is now supposed to have had some tremendous, epic quality that the present one lacks.
Diana Gabaldon, "I Give You My Body . . .": How I Write Sex Scenes|Don’t go overboard in avoiding “said.” Basically, “said” is the default for dialogue, and a good thing, too; it’s an invisible word that doesn’t draw attention to itself.
Raphael Zernoff|When we are in touch with our creativity, through passion and excitement, we always put ourselves in the most expansive state of consciousness. Fear slows down our development, while love supports a rapid growth.
Dada Bhagwan|One's liberation begins once he does the darshan of kashaya-free (absence of inner anger, pride, deceit and greed) Gnani purush [the enlightened one]. Who is considered kashaya-free? The one whose state is that where there was no kashaya, there is no kashaya, and there never will be any. The one who is never in the state of the non-Self. Doing darshan of such a One brings ultimate well being.
Steven Moffat|I just saved your fucking life, Mom. . . . You could at least offer me an Oreo.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|Through the various discourses, legal sanctions against minor perversions were multiplied; sexual irregularity was annexed to mental illness; from childhood to old age, a norm of sexual development was defined and all the possible deviations were carefully described; pedagogical controls and medical treatments were organized; around the least fantasies, moralists, but especially doctors, brandished the whole emphatic vocabulary of abomination.
Martha Brockenbrough, The Game of Love and Death|Prison would kill him. Not neatly or cleanly or quickly, It would kill him with ten thousand days of gray, each taking a bite of his sanity until all that remained was huddled terror with the body of a man wrapped around it.
Charlie Huston, Sleepless|Each human being deals with hurt or resentment in a unique way. When you feel insulted or bullied, you may reach for a chocolate bar. In the same circumstance, I might burst into tears. Another person may put his or her feelings quickly into words, confronting the mistreatment directly. Although our feelings can influence how we wish to act, our choices of how to behave are ultimately determined more by our attitudes and our habits. We respond to our emotional wounds based on what we believe about ourselves, how we think about the person who has hurt us, and how we perceive the world. Only in people who are severely traumatized or who have major mental illnesses is behavior governed by feelings. And only a tiny percentage of abusive men have these kinds of severe psychological problems.
George Orwell|Beyond doubt it would speedily verify the proverb that a nation must ravage itself before foreigners can ravage it, a man must despise himself before others can despise him.
Roger Moore|Sometimes I used to think to myself, 'Have I lost a sense of humor?' but I don't think that I have. I think one can be as snarky and sarcastic as lots of people, but I have never found that it makes me particularly happy.
Nikki Rowe, Once a Girl, Now a Woman|I remember sitting back, on a local beach I called home; thinking about the wild storms I had already faced, the chaotic thunder I somehow learnt to dance through. This time, remembering it, was different. I had no emotional attachment, I felt free of the past and could quietly seperate who I was with who I am now and this moment was empowering , because had I not faced the greatest disasters with courage, I wouldn't have learnt the mastery of life. My self awakening.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|He wanted nothing, for the time being, except to understand .... Without advice, assistance or plan, he began reading an incongruous assortment of books; he would find some passage which he could not understand in one book, and he would get another on that subject .... There was no order in his reading; but there was order in what remained of it in his mind.
Edmond Manning, King Perry|Men often think submission indicates weakness, that letting someone else take charge betrays a character deficit. But we all submit to strangers who drill into our teeth as long as we can see the parchment on their wall which reads “Dentist.
Phillip Mann, The Disestablishment of Paradise|Is there wisdom in innocence? I think there is, but there is a cult now of drab men and women, for whom the world, and even life itself, is a kind of commodity. These critics, having eaten, now study their excrement to see what they consumed. On this they base certain conclusions. Their ignorance is uncompromising. Let us rather stand before the unknown, in very humble, quiet observance and wait while it reveals itself.
Henry Hon, ONE: Unfolding God's Eternal Purpose from House to House|All believers need to become teachers, shepherds, ministers, and good-news-bearers.
Thomas Jefferson|No one ever said learning was to be easy, but it's part of the process of evolving as a human being, and we all have to go through it. When I look back, I see that each difficult time brought an important lesson. And I prefer to look at it with gratitude because I wouldn't be who I am today if I haven't gone through it all.
Shannon L. Alder|The secret to your purpose is to find what you feel is important, and not pursue what others would think is important. When you think highly of yourself, me thinking highly of you will never be enough!
Remedios Varo|I do not wish to talk about myself because I hold very deeply the belief that what is important is the work, not the person.
Stacey Marie Brown, Darkness of Light|Holy crap, you are like a dog with a bone,” I commented to Ryan.“Or just one with a boner.
Natalie Lloyd|It is one long adveture, let's continue it!Let's make it as long as possible!
E.L. Doctorow|Satire's nature is to be one-sided, contemptuous of ambiguity, and so unfairly selective as to find in the purity of ridicule an inarguable moral truth.
Robert J. Shiller|Science fiction has these obsessions with certain sciences - large scale engineering, neuroscience.
Mahatma Gandhi|The preservation of peace and the guaranteeing of man's basic freedoms and rights require courage and eternal vigilance: courage to speak and act - and if necessary, to suffer and die - for truth and justice; eternal vigilance, that the least transgression of international morality shall not go undetected and unremedied.
Gyomay M. Kubose, Everyday Suchness: Buddhist Essays on Everyday Living|I will not hide my tastes or aversions. I will so trust that what is deep is holy, that I will do strongly before the sun and moon whatever only rejoices me, and the heart appoints
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Tender Is the Night|She walked rather quickly; she liked to be active, though at times she gave an impression of repose that was at once static and evocative. This was because she knew few words and believed in none, and in the world she was rather silent, contributing just her share of urbane humor with a precision that approached meagreness. But at the moment when strangers tended to grow uncomfortable in the presence of this economy she would seize the topic and rush off with it, feverishly surprised with herself-- then bring it back and relinquish it abruptly, almost timidly, like an obedient retriever, having been adequate and something more.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|This you may say of man - when theories change and crash, when schools, philosophies, when narrow dark alleys of thought, national, religious, economic, grow and disintegrate, man reaches, stumbles forward, painfully, mistakenly sometimes. Having stepped forward, he may slip back, but only half a step, never the full step back.
Nick Hornby, Juliet, Naked|You know what you need?”“What?”“You need to think about what a badass bald man would do in this situation”“There are no badass bald men. By definition.”“What about Dwight D. Eisenhower?” Carlos suggested.“President Eisenhower?”“Doesn’t he qualify as a badass?” Carlos insisted.“Look, he may have been president, but he doesn’t exactly come to people’s minds when you ask them to think of a badass.”“All right. How about Kojak?” Carlos asked.“That police detective show with Telly Savalas?” Sammy asked.“Yeah, Kojak. He was a badass. Always cool under pressure.”“All right,” Sammy replied. “Let’s just say, for the sake of argument, that Kojak was a bald badass. So what?’“So you have to imagine how Kojak would deal with this situation we have in front of us. He wouldn’t be worried about whether this girl digs bald guys. He would just walk right up to her, knowing that he’s a badass and just take care of business. You see, it’s all in the delivery.”“The delivery?”“Yeah, the execution
Stefan Emunds|Don't lose heart, we're just rusty angels.
O. J. Simpson|The return of my birthday, if I remember it, fills me with thoughts which it seems to be the general care of humanity to escape.
Bradley B. Dalina|Troubles often decides your deepest friends,but deepest friend will never decide to put you into trouble.
Gay Hendricks, Already Home: Radiant Wisdom and Life-Changing Meditations from Ramana Maharshi, Sri Nisargadatta, and Teachers of the Advaita Tradition|The highest goal of spirituality is Self-realization, but what does that mean? It means to feel your Self as a living reality in this moment, and there is always only this moment. (10)
Bohra Naono, サークル [The Circle]|I'm not into abuse. It's a given that I'm gentle with you. You're a man, and not young anymore. - Hakuou
ELLE NICOLAI|Transcendental artists are messengers. Their symbolic vocabulary originates from the infinite wisdom of higher spheres, in a non-referential time/space continuum... the way of the shaman. The presence of glyphs speaks a universal language of the soulthat transcends words. If one considers the notion of parallel realities and the plurality of dimensional realms, the premise of art as "consciousness-provoking vessel" can be viewed as an organic and natural occurrence.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Above all, man must learn once again what he is and why he was created.
Samuel Beckett, Texts for Nothing and Other Shorter Prose 1950-1976|Stories choose us, not the other way around.
Buddha|With production alone as the goal, industry in North America was dominated by the assembly line, standardization for mass consumption.
Walter Bagehot|If we accept being talked to any kind of a way, then we are telling ourselves we are not quite worth the best. And if we have the effrontery to talk to anybody with less than courtesy, we tell ourselves and the world we are not very intelligent.
Donald Glover|I don’t want to sit there and be like, ‘Oh, I don’t care what the audience thinks.’ It does matter to me. I just want them to think, to be honest.
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|Antonio looked down, silent, as Shillitoni kept talking. There he was, among cold-blooded killers, talking to a gangster. A much different picture than a year prior.“Can’t trust priests, can’t trust cops either. Can’t trust nobody! Whaddaya say?”“I am not like you,” Antonio said. “I’m not like them, either. That’s what I say. I am not a cold-blooded killer!”“Ya killed, you a killa! There’s not’ng more to it!” Shillitoni said.
Suman Pokhrel|Still enveloped in a blanket of dreams he (life) continued to lie still, pretended as if he was in a deep slumber.
Cecibel Contreras|When we run, hide and try to deny our trauma the little boy or girl within comes back to seek validation, healing and peace.
Vladimir Lenin|A new dynasty is never founded without a struggle. Blood makes good manure. It will be a good thing for the Rougon family to be founded on a massacre, like many illustrious families."--Monsieur de Carnavant
Gena Showalter, The Harder You Fall|We’re gonna lie when the truth is hard? That’s how this relationship is going to work? All righty, then.
Aryn Kyle|Beginnings are so important. Just finding that right moment to introduce this character, this world, it’s everything.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|Grief, no matter how you try to cater to its wail, has a way of fading away.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|Let us be greedy together; let us hoard. Let us hit each other with birch branches and lock each other in dungeons; let us drink each other's blood in the night and betray each other in the sun. Let us lie and lust and take hundreds of lovers; let us dance until snow melts between us. Let us steal and eat until we grow fat and roll in the pleasures of life, clutching each other for purchase.
Jessica Sorensen, The Redemption of Callie & Kayden|He gazes at the people in the truck. "Are you driving back with them?  Smiling, I nod. "Yes." "With a bunch of dudes?" "Yes." "Is that safe?" My smile expands into a face consuming grin. " I am safer in that truck than I am anywhere else.
Preeth Nambiar, The Voyage to Eternity|Within my words there is a longingTo be written, through the senses to travel across the mindTo be perceived by your heart, to rest in your deep.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Wake-up! Think for yourself, be yourself and return to what is real.
Theodore Sturgeon|As for you Rose Tyler you gave up on me! That's rude. Is all I am rude and not ginger?" The Doctor
Benjamin Franklin|It's better to swim in the sea belowThan to swing in the air and feed the crow,Says jolly Ned Teach of Bristol.
Laurell K. Hamilton, A Kiss of Shadows|Men don't settle down because of the right woman. They settle down because they are finally ready for it. Whatever woman they're dating when they get ready is the one they settle down with, not necessarily the best one or the prettiest, just the one who happened to be on hand when the time got to be right. Unromantic, but still true.
Julian Jaynes, The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind|Consciousness is a much smaller part of our mental life than we are conscious of, because we cannot be conscious of what we are not conscious of. How simple that is to say; how difficult to appreciate! It is like asking a flashlight in a dark room to search around for something that does not have any light shining upon it. The flashlight, since there is light in whatever direction it turns, would have to conclude that there is light everywhere. And so consciousness can seem to pervade all mentality when actually it does not.
Alin Sav|When you're about to judge, look in the mirror and start.
Barton Gellman|I understand the damage the expenses crisis has done to Parliament, and the paramount importance of restoring trust in our politics.
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|When their eyes connected she tilted her head slightly…paused, and smiled. It was as if she needed to see him at a different angle to insure that her instant desire wasn’t a vanishing mirage
Brian Christian, The Most Human Human: What Talking with Computers Teaches Us About What It Means to Be Alive|When I fight off a disease bent on my cellular destruction, when I marvelously distribute energy and collect waste with astonishing alacrity even in my most seemingly fatigued moments, when I slip on ice and gyrate crazily but do not fall, when I unconsciously counter-steer my way into a sharp bicycle turn, taking advantage of physics I do not understand using a technique I am not even aware of using, when I somehow catch the dropped oranges before I know I've dropped them, when my wounds heal in my ignorance, I realize how much bigger I am than I think I am. And how much more important, nine times out of ten, those lower-level processes are to my overall well-being than the higher-level ones that tend to be the ones getting me bent out of shape or making me feel disappointed or proud.
Simi Sunny|Being a writer, I take thing seriously (not too seriously). I may be a young writer/self publisher, I do love to write and I want to share my stories to the world. but more importantly, I do take writing seriously.
Gene Luen Yang|I have more of a desire to write songs about being an independent woman than being in love, songs about getting up and moving on even if I have a broken heart.
Soraya Diase Coffelt|As a children’s minister, I always believed that I was an evangelist, and at the end of the book, there’s a simple prayer that, whoever’s reading the book could accept Jesus as their Lord and Savior
Saim Cheeda|Gradually, I began to understand that it does not matter very much what problem, whether big or small, is tormenting us; the only thing that matters is that we be tormented. In other words, that we exercise our minds in order to keep certainty from turning us into idiots, that we fight to open every closed door we find in front of us. (Report to Greco)
Alveda King|I'm so single. It's funny. I'm usually a relationship girl. I love being in love and having a partner in crime. But it's good to be your own partner in crime. God, that makes me sound like I have multiple-personality disorder.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You are not what you have done, but what you have overcome. All the hardships, the mistakes, the rejections, the pain and all the times you questioned why have given birth to the wisdom and strength that will help you shine your light on the world, even in the darkest of hour. Failures and struggles keep you humble. Success and achievement keep you glowing, but only faith and determination keep you going. Stay focused and celebrate your efforts too, not just the outcomes.
ETC Wanyanwu|Nothing is easier than to find some individuals—in any group—who share a given writer’s opinion, and to quote such individuals as if their views were typical.
Simon Stiegler, Cannstatt Burns: Kriminalroman Von Simon Stiegler|Simon Stiegler, Literatur, Belletristik, Crime, Psychology, Philosophy, Art, children, Adult, books, author,Autor
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Think like a maverick, Fight like a gladiator, Love with a humble heart and Die for a cause worth dying for... Be a "game changer"....The basic tenets of my life philosophy.
Iris Johansen, Deadlock|How the hell do I know? It just hurts me to think about it....And its not because you're a great lay. Though you are. But I've had great lays before, and I didn't get torn up. You should have known it would come down to this." Garrett
Sri Aurobindo|Live according to Nature, runs the maxim of the West; but according to what nature, the nature of the body or the nature which exceeds the body? This first we ought to determine.
Jasinda Wilder, Falling into You|But I think you’re beautiful. You’re lovely.” I shifted uncomfortably under the intense scrutiny and prickling heat in his eyes. “Thanks?” He thinks I'm…lovely? The idea that Kyle thought I was not just hot, but lovely, sent pangs of something like fear through me, an intense pressure in my heart.
Dominic Riccitello|I’m not looking for anything, but who knows. Lightning is weird.
Frederick Douglass|There's a great metaphor that one of my doctors uses: If a fish is swimming in a dirty tank and it gets sick, do you take it to the vet and amputate the fin? No, you clean the water. So, I cleaned up my system. By eating organic raw greens, nuts and healthy fats, I am flooding my body with enzymes, vitamins and oxygen.
Vince Lombardi|On some great and glorious day the plain folks of the land will reach their heart's desire at last, and the White House will be adorned by a downright moron.
Martha Lemasters, The Step: One Woman's Journey to Finding Her Own Happiness and Success During the Apollo Space Program|At breakfast one Saturday I decided to tell Hank my desire to go back to work. He explodes, 'What can you do? You can't make enough to buy your own Kotex
Natasha Mostert|I believe that there is luminosity hiding in the shadow of the mundane. And things that hover at the periphery of our vision. If that’s magic, then I believe in it.
Sharon Salzberg, Lovingkindness: The Revolutionary Art of Happiness|All beings want to be happy, yet so very few know how. It is out of ignorance that any of us cause suffering, for ourselves or for others
Chris Guillebeau, The Happiness of Pursuit: Finding the Quest That Will Bring Purpose to Your Life|If you're trying to do something new, you may feel uncomfortable with the idea of starting, or you may worry that your idea won't be accepted by everyone. One way to 'get over it' is to learn to become comfortable with failure.
David Levithan, Hold Me Closer: The Tiny Cooper Story|But none of that really mattered. I had found my tribe. It felt like a family reunion for the family I'd never really known, a homecoming at the place where I was always meant to be nut hadn't known how to find.
Anita Sarkeesian|My mom told me if I ever got a tattoo, she was going to take it off with a potato peeler.
Thomas Szasz, Cruel Compassion: Psychiatric Control of Society's Unwanted|The baby was warm against my chest. I knew I was broken too. I wasn't like other people. I was scared and weird and anxious and sad lots of the time, and I didn't know why. My parents thought I was abnormal, I was pretty sure. They said I wasn't, but you don't get sent to a therapist if you're normal.Sometimes we really aren't supposed to be the way we are. It's not good for us. And people don't like it. You've got to change. You've got to try harder and do deep breathing and maybe one day take pills and learn tricks so you can pretend to be more like other people. Normal people. But maybe Vanessa was right, and all those other people were broken too in their own ways. Maybe we all spent too much time pretending we weren't.
Mehmet Murat ildan|It was not yet known how the Revolution would develop. But Upton supposed that the arguments of the philosophical anarchists were most convincing: society would fragmentise into independent, self-governing communities of mutually congenial individuals, requiring no police, no army, no guardians of morality, and no government. The old Deity being dead and dethroned, Humankind would come at last into power.
Joss Stirling, Stealing Phoenix|Oh my gosh, don’t you both look pretty!” We looked like rejects from the auditions for The Sound of Music.“I will have to buy them – they are meant to be yours!” Karla waved her credit card around like a wand.“What a shame they didn’t have one in green for me. But then, it is a young girl’s style. I would’ve looked foolish.
Beth Revis, Across the Universe|Power isn’t control at all — power is strength, and giving that strength to others. A leader isn’t someone who forces others to make him stronger; a leader is someone willing to give his strength to others that they may have the strength to stand on their own.
G.K. Chesterton, G.K.C As M.C.: Being a Collection of Thirty-Seven Introductions|School fools a lot of people. Professionally, one thing is not the most that one person can be.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Take your time to find, know and understand what you don’t know and in the end, you shall know that it is not all the things you know that show you something you don’t know, but something you don’t know!
Toni Morrison, Song of Solomon|Most of all, I remember her laughing. It filled my ears. Her smile, her sparkling eyes, and her infectious laughter, along with the vistas, were limitless and unending and powerful.
Burgess Owens|I'm going to take care of the man I'm with. I grew up in a household where my mum takes care of my dad - she cooks, she does everything - and that's the kind of girl I am.
Stephanie Burgis, Kat, Incorrigible|Saffy could tell by the feel of the darkness that Caddy was awake. She said, "Caddy, how far back can you remember?""Oh," said Caddy, "ages. I can remember when I could only lie flat. On my back. I can remember how pleased I was when I learned to roll over.
George Saunders|A bad manner spoils everything, even reason and justice; a good one supplies everything, gilds a No, sweetens a truth, and adds a touch of beauty to old age itself.
Jarvis Cocker|Fame is something I think happens as a result of trying to do good work. If you're trying to be famous, your work usually suffers.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet and Other Writings|I came here to be for all and with all,and what I do today in my solitudewill be echoed tomorrow by the multitude.What I say now with one heartwill be said tomorrow by thousands of hearts...
Munia Khan|Our souls are always looking for love, and hearts wait to treasure it.
Kiera Cass, The Siren|I know I am but summer to your heart, And not the full four seasons of the year; And you must welcome from another part Such noble moods as are not mine, my dear. No gracious weight of golden fruits to sell Have I, nor any wise and wintry thing; And I have loved you all too long and well To carry still the high sweet breast of Spring. Wherefore I say: O love, as summer goes, I must be gone, steal forth with silent drums, That you may hail anew the bird and rose When I come back to you, as summer comes. Else will you seek, at some not distant time, Even your summer in another clime.
Shelby Foote|The same people who are murdered slowly in the mechanized slaughterhouses of work are also arguing, singing, drinking, dancing, making love, holding the streets, picking up weapons and inventing a new poetry.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|The last word smelled of desperation,and the old lawyer sighed. 'I can tell you that the law is an ocean of darkness and truth, and that lawyers are but vessels on the surface. We may pull one rope or another, but it is the client, in the end, who charts the course.
Enver Hoxha|It is only on the battlefield of ideas that the best ones can be recognized and ultimately prevail. Only those afraid of the truth seek to silence debate, intimidate those with whom they disagree, or slander their ideological counterparts. Those who know they are right have no reason to stifle debate because they realize that all opposing arguments will ultimately be overcome by fact.
Jennifer Anne Kogler, The Death Catchers|Fate always found its mark, one way or another.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|Whatever am I going to do with that monster, Ryder Davis?”He gave a husky laugh. “I think you could probably just tell it to come now and it would.
Aric McBay, Deep Green Resistance: Strategy to Save the Planet|The purpose of the bayonet training, Sergeant Gerheim explains, is to awaken our killer instincts. The killer instinct will make us fearless and aggressive, like animals. If the meek ever inherit the earth the strong will take it away from them. The weak exist to be devoured by the strong. Every Marine must pack his own gear. Every Marine must be the instrument of his own salvation. It's hard, but there it is.
Dan Chaon, Stay Awake|There are two ways to find a lost city. The first is to rely on luck alone, the second is to control all the information.
Sean Beaudoin, Going Nowhere Faster|He was delighted to recognize his own human name on two of the papers; he always got an odd thrill out of reading it, as if he were two places at once.
Johnny Depp|With every part you act, there must be a little of yourself in it. If there isn't, it's not acting. It's lying.
Steven Magee|It's funny, the very things I needed to learn are the things I was trying to teach you.
Bob Thurber, Paperboy: A Dysfunctional Novel|Apollo has something to teach us as we enter a new century of genetic modification, artificial intelligence, nanotechnology. It's a cautionary tale about that most fundamentally human of human tragedies .. wanting something so badly that you end up destroying it.
Arthur Schopenhauer|By changing how you perceive things and how you act upon those perceptions, you will change your life.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|But then, once you agree, it is necessary that you, the cajoler, move into the realm of self-deception, because you can see that it is costing them, you can see how much they don't want to be here, you can see that the act of existing is depleting for them, and then you have to tell yourself every day: I am doing the right thing.
Jennifer Howard|Persistent problems, however unpleasant they may seem, contain the unprocessed and unexamined thoughts and feelings that, if left alone, keep you from your greatness. That’s why the pain, emptiness, and longing you feel can be your greatest gift—it can motivate you to examine parts of yourself that have been overlooked, forgotten, or hidden. It’s the irritant of sand in the oyster, which is the impetus for the pearl. In walking the conscious life path, you reveal your deepest Reality, layer by layer. You come home.
Inji Amr|‎At the end when you cut to the bone,we're all essentially the same; we are women of great expectations
Neil Patrick Harris|Places that have experienced great defeat experience a kind of rebirth, which I think America has to do - unless we want to get more decrepit. I don't think we have to destroy the place totally.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[The Bible] warns us about “the little foxes, that spoil the vines” [Song of Solomon 2:15 KJV]. This is a picture of the way “little” sinscan destroy our fruitfulness for the Lord.
Sergei Rachmaninoff|The new kind of music seems to create not from the heart but from the head. Its composers think rather than feel. They have not the capacity to make their works exalt - they meditate, protest, analyze, reason, calculate and brood, but they do not exalt.
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|But there are times to talk to the dead, times when the dead want to talk.
Kenji Yoshino, A Thousand Times More Fair: What Shakespeare's Plays Teach Us About Justice|He is the God of all, and His concern is for all.
Harrish Sairaman|FEAR is always about the FUTURE, felt in the PRESENT based on the PAST!
Jacques Rousseau|The women’s entire education should be planned in relation to men. To please men, to be useful to them, to win their love and respect, to raise them as children, care for them as adults… these are women’s duties in all ages and these are what they should be taught from childhood.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Again Jesus said, "Peace be with you! As the Father has sent me, I am sending you.
Thayer David|By the time I was seven, I did a sonnet at Shakespeare's Globe theatre for Shakespeare's birthday because my dad had been at the first season of the Globe and was friends with the artistic director. Somehow, that lead to me doing a sonnet!
Anna Sofia Botkin, It’s (Not That) Complicated: How to Relate to Guys in a Healthy, Sane, and Biblical Way|And though it is true that the church must always dissociate itself from sin, it can never have any excuse for keeping any sinner at a distance
Kate Milford, Shadowhunters and Downworlders: A Mortal Instruments Reader|I'm working hard to have a good life.You don't need fancy things to feel good. You can hug a puppy. You can buy a can of paint and surround yourself with color. You can plant a flower and watch it grow. You can decide to trust people, the right people. You can decide to start over and let other people start over, too.
Clarice Lispector, The Passion According to G.H.|Sometimes I just get tired. I get headaches, and I just lose track. I mean, it's like which is me and which is the role? Where's the line between me and my shadow?
Liane Moriarty, The Husband's Secret|You okay, Mum?" said Rob."I'm fine," said Rachel. She went to reach for her cup of coffee and found that she didn't have the energy to even lift her arm.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Once you say you're going to settle for second, that's what happens to you in life.
Jeremy Corbyn|I do have to take care of myself, not only because I'm in the movies, just for mental health reasons. I exercise for me. You know, maybe it would be nice to not have to do that in order to feel good, but I do. I feel like I have to, to feel good. To clear my head and all of that, so.
Johnathan Jena|She told her secret love, not me, i could’nt speak,i smiled.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|When I say “no” to some activities that I believe are ungodly, some people say I am “nobody”. Yes, I agree… “no” body; that’s who I am. I am a “body” that can say “no” to bad attitudes!
Susan C. Young|There will be times in your life when things simply have to be replaced because they are tired, broken, worn out, harmful, outdated, or irrelevant. Take an inventory of the things that no longer serve your best and highest good so you can replace them with things which do.
Robin Silverman, Lemon Reef|Because minds do blow and hearts do break. Those are not just sayings. And wolves and roaches are not the only creatures that chew off their legs to get out of traps—human beings do that, too.
Jojo Moyes, One Plus One|At this moment, all I'm thinking about is what I'd give up for the chance to kiss her or to run my fingers through her dark hair.
Groucho Marx, Memoirs Of A Mangy Lover|Most young women do not welcome promiscuous advances. (Either that, or my luck's terrible.)
Amanda Peet|The chance to play a romantic character who kisses somebody onscreen was one of the elements that made me want to do 'The Stand.' The more you can do, the better, and I've been known as a character actor.
Robin Romm, The Mercy Papers|The ticking of the clock has gotten so loud." - 74
J.K. Rowling|Facing this stuff, in real life is not like school, in school, if you make a mistake you can just try again tomorrow, but out there...when your a second away from being murdered or watching a friend die right before your eyes...you don't know what that's like.
Tamara L. Chilver|Homeschooling is not a race ... You will not get behind, nor do you have to live with guilt that you feel the need to catch up.
Dave Zebian|Immortal existence..Sometimes Living is not such an easy task..Being here or there..The spirit is the same.. Only changes the place where shows..Here, the make-up is of meat.. There is infinite LIGHT..In the flesh, or out of it , what does order is what thinks and what creates..Each thought, a vibration..Each action, a reaction..That doesn't change with the death of the body.. Because actually nobody dies..We are immortal divine existences.. Believing or not..So many lives.. So many experiences..So many faces.. So many dreams..To each life new opportunities.. New learnings..The soul Request.. Thirsty to experiment, feels, develop, evolve, grow and so it goes..The spirit Obeys.. Enters and exit the perishable bodies..Gets right and misses.. rehearses, Conquers and proceeds..The spirit is a gift of the architect of the universe for the benefit of all..It's light.. it's love.. it's eternal..In the Astral or in the Earth.. There is to educate the thought and to clean the energies around yourself..Gives some work to do that spiritual maintenance, but it is worthwhile.It is Light that cleans the Light!So never forget you are imperishable consciousness..May a light circle involves and illuminate each soul..Much light and love in each heart that pulses in the heart of the whole..Namaste,Dave
Dada Bhagwan|What is the benefit of egoism? It is only through the benefit of egoism that people get their daughters married, get their sons married, walk around as a father and say ‘mine, mine’! The entire world is enjoying the benefit of egoism. The Gnanis (Self-realized) enjoy the benefit of the Self.
Moïra Fowley-Doyle, The Accident Season|In the ghost house in the last days of the accident season, we were never going to die.
Pico Iyer|America's history is exemplified in the efforts of the men and women who died for our country. The one thing that they all have in common is their selfless love for our nation and their courage to stand up to protect and defend it. They raised their gaze in the face of conflict, believed in what America could be, and pushed forward.
William Wycherley|Well, you can't trust most people in this game, period; it can be a very shady business.
Richard Hatch|The book is actually called 'A Mentor Leader, a Different Way to Lead.' It really talks about my experience in the way I tried lead our football team, things that I learned from, basically, the coaches that I played for and my parents about leadership. And it is a little bit different, counter to maybe what society says about great leaders.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Simple things relieve eyes; simple things ease mind, simple things create meditation, simple things are simply miraculous!
Hunter S. Thompson|If you are lonely when you're alone, you are in bad company.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|If you want to improve performance and productivity, set a vision that inspires and delights.
Nanette Mathews|When you want the light, it's always there for you to find - Search inside for all the good.
Harvey Fierstein|I did Internet dating for a while, and that is rife with horrible dating stories.
Astrid Lee Miles, Recovering is an Art|It is these empty spaces you have to watch out for, as they flood up with feeling before you even realize what's happened.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|We sat still, our breathing loud and rhythmic, its music melancholy, a traditional song of sorrow.
Leonard Ravenhill, Revival God's Way|Writing. Is it a way to be remembered,or a need to become immortal?
Albert Einstein|Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|What would it be like if I were free, not enslaved by my conditioning?
William J. Brennan, Jr.|I think the attitude I was trying to learn myself was to really try hard, to give a great effort, to really care, and to let the results go where they are going to go. But at the same time, I don't have to be happy, and I shouldn't be happy, with less than my best.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|I do not understand this man," [Tempi] said. "Is he attempting to buy sex with me? Or does he wish to fight?
Katherine Webb|Science and religion are both the same thing. They're there; they're life. If it's not science, it's not a fact.
Alber Elbaz|It seems like in the beginning of my flight, the space dreams were rare. And now, almost 150 days into it, the Earth dreams are more of the rare ones.
Sunday Adelaja|If you want to receive a promotion from God in spiritual things, then become more humble
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Do not recite words just to prove to yourself and others that you know and love God; for he already put his breath and light inside you. Instead, put truth in your every word and action, and always let your conscience steer and guide you.
Robert Waterman, Jr.|Most of us fear change. Even when our minds say change is normal, our stomachs quiver at the prospect. But for strategists and managers today, there is no choice but to change.
Jess|Because we have loved profoundly,Because we have given much, Because we have hoped passionately,Because we have desired intensely, We allow ourselves to be infinitely hurt.
William Souder|Writing, is not a race. Is to distill the soul letter by letter in a slow and delicate process that will take years.
Carrie Fisher|Humor is the oxygen of children's literature. There's a lot of competition for children's time, but even kids who hate to read want to read a funny book.
Yiannis Stournaras|After months of preparation working with a stylist who explained to me how a fashion house runs and the process of making a dress, I developed a respect for the patience and skill it takes to design these dresses.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Everything changes in my life, and the world stays the same.
Charmaine J Forde|No one leaves this hidden treasure,Feeling the same way they came,They always refer their friends to this Gem,This island with a beautiful name,My beautiful “Bim”—Barbados
Pier Paolo Pasolini|If you know that I am an unbeliever, then you know me better than I do myself. I may be an unbeliever, but I am an unbeliever who has a nostalgia for a belief.
Melody Beattie, Codependent No More: How to Stop Controlling Others and Start Caring for Yourself|Once they have been affected---once "it" sets in---codependency takes on a life of its own. It is similar to catching pneumonia or picking up a destructive habit. Once you've got it, you've got it.If you want to get rid of it, YOU have to do something to make it go away. It doesn't matter whose fault it is. Your codependency becomes your problem; solving your problems is your responsibility.
Lindsey Rietzsch, The Happy Lady|Do we need to wait until the next life to experience true happiness? Of course not; we can experience it now. By making that choice to be happy and optimistic, we can have a little bit of Heaven on Earth.
Tyra Banks|In 2009, UnitedHealth, a leading insurance company, paid $350 million to settle lawsuits brought by the American Medical Association and other physician groups for shortchanging consumers and physicians for medical services outside its preferred network.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|Losing you is most difficult for me, but the nature of my love for you is what matters. If it distorts into half-truth, then perhaps it is better not to love you. I must keep my mind but lose you.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|He’d moved toward me again. His hands released mine and moved to my waist, and I noticed I wasn’t the only one breathing heavily. He pulled me to him, bringing our bodies together. The world was all heat and electricity, thick with tension that was only one spark away from exploding around us. I was balancing on another precipice, which wasn’t easy to do in heels. I wrapped my arms around his neck, and this time I was the one who drew him closer.
Jackson Radcliffe, The Yoga Sutras|The point of tantric sex was supposedly to harness sexual energy to awaken higher consciousness. It was just like yoga, but way more fun.
Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem|It is necessary to find one's own way in New York. New York City is not hospitable. She is very big and she has no heart. She is not charming. She is not sympathetic. She is rushed and noisy and unkempt, a hard, ambitious, irresolute place, not very lively, and never gay. When she glitters she is very, very bright, and when she does not glitter she is dirty. New York does nothing for those of us who are inclined to love her except implant in our hearts a homesickness that baffles us until we go away from her, and then we realize why we are restless. At home or away, we are homesick for New York not because New York used to be better and not because she used to be worse but because the city holds us and we don't know why.
Paige Tyler, Her Rogue Alpha|He gently caressed her bottom lips with his thumb. "It just occurred to me that I've never told you how beautiful you are until now, which has to make me possibly the slowest, or dumbest, man in the world.
Kenya Wright, The Muse|I know you've been through an ordeal, but you don’t want to start drowning yourself in liquor. You’ll find that it’s easy to do, but by the time you realize it could start to be a problem, you’re already over that cliff.
Jack Keane|I watched the Bush administration overreact to the Clinton administration, who believed they did too much nation building, sustaining other countries, and that's why we never put the commitment on Afghanistan and Iraq that should have been in there under their policy leadership.
Anaïs Nin, Delta of Venus|The only man I’ve ever been attracted to, and he comes with a bloody contract, a flogger, and a whole world of issues.
Kevin Wallis, Beneath the Surface of Things|Here beneath the towering pines, by the river blueFarragut will ever stand, alma mater true
Carolyn Kizer|Wear the badge of environmental radicalism, and you're a citizen automatically under suspicion.
Janet Evanovich, Wicked Appetite|You took your clothes off?""You didn't notice?""No! Jeez Louise, I don't even know you.""If you look under the covers, you'll know me better.""I don't want to know you better!""That's a big fib," Diesel said.
Sebastyne Young|A picture can tell a thousand words,but a few words can change it’s story.
Iain M. Banks, The Hydrogen Sonata|Si l'on n'est plus que mille, eh bien, j'en suis ! Si mêmeIls ne sont plus que cent, je brave encor Sylla ;S'il en demeure dix, je serai le dixième ;Et s'il n'en reste qu'un, je serai celui-là !(If we're just a thousand, then, here I am! Even ifThey're just a hundred, still I face Sylla;If ten still stand, I'll be the tenth;And if there is only one left, I'll be this one!)
Cathy Bramley, Conditional Love|I took [Kate's] hand in mine, and felt her fingers squeeze back. And I thought: home. It took me completely by surprise. But I suppose that once you bid farewell to your first home, you're always looking for another—that place where you can feel happy and strong and at your best. For three years I'd called the Aurora home. But now that I lived in Paris, it was not the city itself that was home. It was Kate.
Loni Love|I was thinking about it: so many of my stories are about my family life, not about being related to a lot of famous people. That's my grandma, that's my mama, my daddy, my aunt, my uncle, my stepdaddy. I'd probably tell them even if they weren't well known.
Kiersten White, Now I Rise|I do not take orders from women.”“My men do not have a similar problem.” Lada lifted a hand. The man fell, a crossbow bolt sticking out of his chest.
Cyndi Tefft|It washed all over me and through me, into the floor and then it was gone. I never cried for my Da again after that, and God's presence has been with me ever since.” - Adien MacRae, BETWEEN
Michelle Griep, The Captive Heart|Everything has a price, but not everything should be for sale.
Dada Bhagwan|Once the egoism has gone (stopped), all the worldly ‘matter’ of the body-complex [pudgal] are renounced! Where there is egoism, there is my-ness and where there is my-ness, there is a hidden egoism. When ‘Knowledge of the Self’ is attained, egoism and my-ness goes away. Only the dramatic (discharge) ‘egoism’ and ‘my-ness’ will remain.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Your help comes from the Lord God who made heaven, earth and you! Grab your mission; that's your father's assignment for you! No one can stop you from attaining success with the assignment your father gave you to do!
Mary Barra|Obviously, swimming is my strength, but I'm also good at fencing.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|Sometimes you just have to step outside the box and take a leap of faith. You may not be able to see what's on the other side, but you can't remain in the same place. Fear is what keeps you there. If you want something badly enough you'll take the steps to get there. If you believe it, then you can achieve it.
Robert Green Ingersoll|I am convinced that, despite what you think of Obama, I don't think Obama has a person-to-person connection with people. I think people love him because of his race and feel sorry for him, object of sympathy. I think people feel he's a victim, he portrays himself as a victim of America; he gets sympathy that way.
Vincent van Gogh|Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In times of trouble, turn to God.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Man is a social being; it’s not surprising we love social proofs, it sells brands fast
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint|Jesus taught us to pray, "Forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us" not forgive us and smite those bastards who hurt us.
Samuel Adams|I wanted us to share all our lives. You wish to keep me in a box, separate from your life. I cannot be someone you come to when you have nothing more important to do.
Theodore Roosevelt|You leave the previous book with idea's and themes - characters even - caught in the fibers of your clothing - and when you open a new book, they are still with you.
Emil M. Cioran|The fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live --moreover, the only one.
Terry Goodkind, The First Confessor|Life is not about fulfilling a destiny. Your life has no destiny but what you make of it. And this is what I want to make of it. Barracus also told me to live the life that only I can live. He told me to have the courage to take up that calling. He was asking me to choose my destiny. Prophecy is not only about destiny, but the balance of free will. Becoming a Confessor is my calling. But it's not pre-ordained. It's a chance, a fork in the road of my life. I have to have the courage to take it on of my free will. In that way, the balance of prophecy and free will is the magic of the future.
Arthur Mathews|TR on using extramarital accusations against Wilson: "It won't work. You can't cast a man as Romeo who looks and acts like an apothecary's clerk.
Colson Whitehead|As if these daily humiliations and sacrifices mean something, are tallied by the ones who keep the books. Tomorrow we pick up where we left off. Sleep tight. Sleep deep. Sleep the sleep of the successful because somehow you made it through the day without anyone finding out that you are a complete fraud.
Robert Dunbar, Vortex|Just as there are broken people, there are broken places on this earth. Some have always been broken. All cities have such neighborhoods at their edges, and this city is all edges … block after block of bleakly hopeless outskirts.People don’t bury dead cities. They abandon them. They abandon them to the poorest of the poor, to the lost and the doomed.
Emmanuelle de Maupassant, Cautionary Tales: Voices from the Edges|Ha!’ cackled the fiend, ‘I expect you’d like revenge on that husband of yours. Murder shouldn’t go unpunished, and no creature enjoys delivering chastisement as much as I. What about giving him a taste of his own medicine? If you’d be so kind as to lend me your body, I’ll set him dancing to my tune.’The wife’s spectre grimaced and nodded, at which the wicked Likho stripped off the nightgown, then the dead woman’s pliant skin, peeling back the flaccid folds. These it left in a slack heap. It gobbled her flesh and sucked the bones clean. These it hid behind the stove, before inserting itself inside the empty, wrinkled carcass, taking the former position of the corpse. Its fat tongue swiped the last juices from around its lips.When the husband returned home, all was as it had been; there was not a speck of blood to be seen, although the strangest smell of rotten eggs lingered
Jack Ma|Olympics for me is love, peace, united.
Linda Bender, Animal Wisdom: Learning from the Spiritual Lives of Animals|Certain kinds of information are like smoke: they work their way into people's eyes and minds whether sought out or not, and with no regard to personal preference.
Shmuel HaNagid|You Who'd be Wise" from "Ben Mishle" written sometime between 1013 and 1050 C.E.You who'd be wiseshould inquire into the nature of justice and evilfrom your teachers,seekers like yourself, and the studentswho question your answer.
Richard Ben Cramer|If you think about it, candidate Obama, Sen. Obama, was running on sort of long-run economic issues, like restoring prosperity to the middle class, dealing with the perennial problem of health care in the United States. He talked a lot about the budget deficit, about the need to transition to clean energy.
Kele Moon, Packing Heat|She was the most beautiful creature he’d ever laid eyes upon, and for a moment, he wished he could keep her.
Ken Robinson, Finding Your Element: How to Discover Your Talents and Passions and Transform Your Life|Whatever your aptitudes, the greatest source of achievement is passion. Aptitude matters, but passion often matters more… If you love doing something, you’ll be constantly drawn to get better at it.
Jeannine Allison, Unveiling The Sky|There's a crack in my mind,That I don't know how to heal.There are demons in my head,People tell me are not real.The voices are my own,Speaking words I don't believe.Convincing me I'm worthless,And that everyone will leave.You want me to be better,Don't you think I want the same?But you've convinced yourself it's nothing,Or that I'm the one to blame.So I'll tell you that I'm 'fine,'Because that's all you want to hear.And I'll conceal it with a smile,While hiding all the fear.I'll bury all the feelings,And I'll cut out all the pain.But that won't mean I'm healed,I've just chosen to not 'complain.'Because being sad was only half of it,And it was not the half to kill.The downfall began when I started to feel nothing,When I slowly lost my will.
Aleister Crowley|Each being is, exactly as you are, the sole centre of a Universe in no wise identical with, or even assimilable to, your own. The impersonal Universe of Nature is only an abstraction, approximately true, of the factors which it is convenient to regard as common to all. The Universe of another is therefore necessarily unknown to, and unknowable by, you; but it induces currents of energy in yours by determining in part your reactions. Use men and women, therefore, with the absolute respect due to inviolable standards of measurement; verify your own observations by comparison with similar judgements made by them; and, studying the methods which determine their failure or success, acquire for yourself the wit and skill required to cope with your own problems.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Fear is for the powerless. Fear is for the alone. But as you stand together now, you are neither of those. Together, you amplify each other’s strengths; you nullify each other’s weaknesses.
Barbara Kingsolver, Flight Behavior|But giving drugs to a cat is no joke, Kemp!
John Ruskin|So to me, Texas Hold 'em puts me to sleep. At least when you play stud, you can be funny as you deal. Somebody some day is going to come up with a Stud show that's going to work.
Leonardo DiCaprio|My siblings and I, we were raised on TV and films. Not a day went by that we weren't watching one of three movies - 'Caddyshack,' 'Animal House,' 'Beverly Hills Cop' - on rotation. Our comedy, our personalities were set watching 'Sesame Street': these really sort of wacky, Jim Henson-y characters.
R.M. ArceJaeger|It was a train full of strangers, and they were all the same.
Frank Luntz, Win: The Key Principles to Take Your Business from Ordinary to Extraordinary|This is an addictive pastime. You take no real risk, touch the world, and it responds. Repeat.
Charles Galton Darwin, The Next Million Years|An evolutionary perspective of our place in the history of the earth reminds us that Homo sapiens sapiens has occupied the planet for the tiniest fraction of that planet's four and a half thousand million years of existence. In many ways we are a biological accident, the product of countless propitious circumstances. As we peer back through the fossil record, through layer upon layer of long-extinct species, many of which thrived far longer than the human species is ever likely to do, we are reminded of our mortality as a species. There is no law that declares the human animal to be different, as seen in this broad biological perspective, from any other animal. There is no law that declares the human species to be immortal.
Robert Galbraith, The Cuckoo's Calling|Okay, I’ve got the hidden microphones with GPS here,” Agent Bounter said. “Let’s get one on you.”“Now, sir?” “The Russians are on the radar. It’s time.”As Bounter turned to pick up the tiny button-size microphone, Grant clenched his hands into fists, his anticipation bui
Karl Marx, Capital, Vol 1: A Critical Analysis of Capitalist Production|There is no royal road to science, and only those who do not dread the fatiguing climb of its steep paths have a chance of gaining its luminous summits.
Joel Edgerton|Anger has been a really big deal for women: how can we express it without feeling that, as the physically weaker sex, we won't get killed. The alpha-woman was burned at the stake and had her head chopped off in days of old.
Russ Harris, ACT with Love: Stop Struggling, Reconcile Differences, and Strengthen Your Relationship with Acceptance and Commitment Therapy|Stop trying to control how you feel, and instead take control of what you do.
James Martin, Building a Bridge: How the Catholic Church and the LGBT Community Can Enter into a Relationship of Respect, Compassion, and Sensitivity|It is impossible to experience a person’s life, or to be compassionate, if you do not listen to the person or if you do not ask questions.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|Your tale is of the longest," observed Monks, moving restlessly in his chair.It is a true tale of grief and trial, and sorrow, young man," returned Mr. Brownlow, "and such tales usually are; if it were one of unmixed joy and happiness, it would be very brief.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer|Cut off as I am, it is inevitable that I should sometimes feel like a shadow walking in a shadowy world. When this happens I ask to be taken to New York City. Always I return home weary but I have the comforting certainty that mankind is real flesh and I myself am not a dream.
Alan Jackson|In Mississippi, you don't admit that you're gay. It's just an awkward thing down South, which is sad.
Kenrick Fernandes|Your never alone , look around you there are so many objects , they don't live but are there in your presence , your never truly alone
Félix J. Palma, The Map of the Sky|Man needed to dream. Yes, he needed to believe in illusions, to aspire to something more than the miserable, hostile life that suffocated him.
E.R. Braithwaite, To Sir, With Love|So long as we learn it doesn’t matter who teaches us, does it?
Hubert Martin|He spoke in polished honesty free of liar's filth. He said the hardest words with an unshakable voice, a wide smile, with fear and doubt freezing over his core. The truth was the best route, but the truth could always be costly... another truth. A sad truth.
Christian D. Larson|All men were tools, as she saw it. Dangerous tools, when roused, but that was why one took care in efforts of control. It all came back to leverage. It wasn’t enough to ask a man if he would kill his brother. One had to make him see the consequences if he did not. Then one could only ask, which would he choose: brother or daughter? For all that kin might mean, most would choose the daughter.
Nicola Sinclair, Promise|Spontaneity is great when the opportunity is there, but what I'm really saying is you need to trust yourself. Instead of checking and rechecking your camera and the lighting and everything else, just set it up once and trust that you've done it right. Then focus more on capturing the emotion of the photo and less on how technically perfect its composition will be.
John Carpenter|Film buffs who don't live in Hollywood have a fantasy about what it's like to be a director. Movies and the people who make movies have such glamour associated with them. But the truth is, it's not like that. It's very different. It's hard work.
Petra Hermans|And in this moment of pale dawn in the hours before we leave California, I finally realize what has been the hardest thing for me about Matt’s death. It isn’t that I lost a brother, like Frankie, or a son, like Aunt Jayne and Uncle Red. The hardest thing is that I’ll never know exactly what I lost, how much it should hurt, how long I should keep thinking about him. He took that mystery with him when he died, and a hundred thousand one-sided letters in my journal wouldn’t have brought me any closer to the truth than I was the night I pressed my fingers to the sea glass he wore around his neck and kissed him back. For over a year, the letters were my only connection to him; the only evidence that I didn’t imagine our brief time as other. When I first saw my journal helplessly floating on the waves, I felt a loss so immediate and overwhelming it was like being back in the hospital lobby when the doctor told us they couldn’t fix him. One minute, the journal was in my hands, soft and familiar and real; the next minute, it was gone. Just like Matt. And just like Matt, I need to let it go.
GloZell|My parenting heroes are the Obamas! They've been married for so long, and it looks like they're having fun, and their kids are down to earth, well-adjusted, and smart. They seem to have a strong family unit that I would like to emulate in my life.
Michael Jackson|I understand that comes with the territory, and that celebrities have a contract with the public: they get to be the target of jealousy and criticism, and sometimes admiration, in exchange for money and recognition. But I let that contract run out a while ago. It is not my job to be pretty, or cute, or anything that someone else wants me to be.
Anthony T. Hincks|The beauty of having faith, is that no matter what the time of day, whether it be day or night I know that someone is always there with me to give me comfort.It doesn't matter whether it is Buddha, God or Allah because whoever it is, is special to each of us. And that is the beauty of having faith.
James Salter|there comes a time in life, when you realize that everything is a dream; only those things which are written down have any possibility of being real.
David Attenborough|Young people: They care. They know that this is the world that they're going to grow up in, that they're going to spend the rest of their lives in. But, I think it's more idealistic than that. They actually believe that humanity, human species, has no right to destroy and despoil regardless.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Essays of Ralph Waldo Emerson|the mystic must be steadily told,—All that you say is just as true without the tedious use of that symbol as with it. Let us have a little algebra, instead of this trite rhetoric,—universal signs, instead of these village symbols,—and we shall both be gainers. The history of hierarchies seems to show that all religious error consisted in making the symbol too stark and solid, and was at last nothing but an excess of the organ of language.
Jessica Sorensen, Untamed|Evil things you do to others show your personality and thus identify you, and the good ones come back to you too… - Cocoy McCoy -
Kim Cormack|Because if being a badass was easy everyone would do itLexy of Ankh(The Dragon)"Enlightenment
Rosalyn D'Mello, A Handbook for My Lover|You, too, were supposed to be a one-night stand. A quick fix. A conquest. A ten-line poem in my grand anthology of lovers.But you altered the narrative, you marked your territory on my timeline o that as I look back, I find I can neatly divide my more recent past into two unequal halves: before you and after.
Laurel Hawkes|Too often, people are trying to fill the God-size hole in their heart with a person instead of God. A person is too small and too imperfect andwill never be able to do it. Once God fills it, then there's plenty of room for the right person.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Young man, names are powerful things. You don’t just go around using them for no reason.
Saint Francis de Sales|When you've seen beyond yourself, then you may find, peace of mind is waiting there.
Ross Wetzsteon, Republic of Dreams: Greenwich Village: The American Bohemia 1910-1960|Gertrude’s remedy for her mood swings was to print up hundreds of black-bordered calling cards embossed with the single word “Woe,” which she handed out gaily declaring, “Woe is me.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust: First Part|You are aware of only one unrest;Oh, never learn to know the other!Two souls, alas, are dwelling in my breast,And one is striving to forsake its brother.Unto the world in grossly loving zest,With clinging tendrils, one adheres;The other rises forcibly in questOf rarefied ancestral spheres.If there be spirits in the airThat hold their sway between the earth and sky,Descend out of the golden vapors thereAnd sweep me into iridescent life.Oh, came a magic cloak into my handsTo carry me to distant lands,I should not trade it for the choicest gown,Nor for the cloak and garments of the crown.
Criss Jami|If she actually had friends, maybe she wouldn't have turned out so nasty and evil.
Devon Monk, Magic at the Gate|It’s good to feel foolish sometimes, Fjerdan.”“You only say that because you have no shame.
Jennifer Senior, All Joy and No Fun: The Paradox of Modern Parenthood|And if that's the case -- if we are our remembering selves -- then it matters far less how we feel moment to moment with our children. They play rich and crucial roles in our life stories, generating both outsize highs and outsize lows. Without such complexity, we don't feel like we've amounted to much. "You don't have a good story until something deviates from the expected," says McAdams. "And raising children leads to some pretty unexpected happenings.
Vincent Nichols|I've begun to look at the world through apocalypse eyes. Our society, which seems so sturdily built out of concrete and custom, is just a temporary resting place, a hotel our civilization checked into a couple hundred years ago and must one day check out of.
Nikki Haley|Today, because of President Obama's courage, kids can stay on their parent's plan until they are 26. Insurers cannot kick you off your policy because you have hit your limit. They will not be able to deny you because you have a pre-existing condition.
Christian Wiman, My Bright Abyss: Meditation of a Modern Believer|When I think of the years when I had no faith, what I am struck by, first of all, is how little this lack disrupted my conscious life. I lived not without God, nor wish his absence, but in a mild abeyance of belief, drifting through the days on a tide of tiny vanities — a publication, a flirtation, a strong case made for some weak nihilism — nights all adagios and alcohol as my mind tore luxuriously into itself. I can see now how deeply God’s absence affected my unconscious life, how under me always there was this long fall that pride and fear and self-live at once protected me from and subjected me to. Was the fall into belief or into unbelief? Both. For if grace woke me to God’s presence in the world and in my heart, it also woke me to his absence. I never truly felt the pain of unbelief until I began to believe.
Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea|hat's the worst of growing up, and I'm beginning to realize it. The things you wanted so much when you were a child don't seem half so wonderful to you when you get them.
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|We all have the same Christ dwelling within, but revelation of some new need will lead us spontaneously to trust Him to live out His life in in that particular.
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|where oh where, in what cemetery of the heavens do the tender words of lovers rest when they love no more? (Searching for author)
Ikechukwu Joseph, Salvation Colors: Children's Salvation Story Series, Book one|Remember not to complain about the matter but construct, compose, compass and conquer the matter
LeBron James|If you watch a game, it's fun. If you play it, it's recreation. If you work at it, it's golf.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|It is unimpressive to interrupt another person while they are talking. Interrupting someone in mid-sentence demonstrates that your focus is on yourself, not the person talking. I had a friend who used a humorous retort whenever someone would interrupt him. He would graciously, albeit sarcastically, say, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to speak while you were interrupting.” It always got a laugh, yet he was cleverly letting the intruder know of his infraction without being too confrontational.
Phil Anselmo|Quite often, intent on conveying how things can go wrong for a culture (science fiction) or an individual (horror) or all of magical creation (fantasy), works of fantastika often preclude comedy, because humor gets in the way of messages of doom or struggle.
K.A. Robinson, Torn|I grimace, thinking someone should come up with a new phrase for 'I left the ocean without a kiwi-sized chunk of my lower-left butt cheek' to replace the rather nebulous term 'exploratory bite.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|If having problems feels like a problem to you, it may not be the problems themselves, but the way you think about them that is the problem.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|Mrs. Horowitz said, "It is inexcusable that humans think they can murder other animals because they murder themselves. I must tell you, I hate humans. They terrify me.""They should," I continued. "I interviewed Yehudi Menuhin the other day.
Jandy Nelson|I do not want to eat or drink, or i will lose the taste of you in my mouth
Joan Didion, Blue Nights|Beautiful surroundings, the society of learned men, the charm of noble women, the graces of art, could not make up for the loss of those light-hearted mornings of the desert, for that wind that made one a boy again. He had noticed that this peculiar quality in the air of new countries vanished after they were tamed by man and made to bear harvests. Parts of Texas and Kansas that he had first known as open range had since been made into rich farming districts, and the air had quite lost that lightness, that dry, aromatic odour. The moisture of plowed land, the heaviness of labour and growth and grain-bearing, utterly destroyed it; one could breathe that only on the bright edges of the world, on the great grass plains or the sage-brush desert.
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|I should think this a gull, but that the white-bearded fellow speaks it; knavery cannot, sure, hide himself in such reverence.
Black Swan Darren Aronofsky|Fortuitous, unexpected beauty is the best beauty because it is unique, and what is unique is remembered.
Sándor Márai, Judit... és az utóhang|Americans, who make more of marrying for love than any other people, also break up more of their marriages, but the figure reflects not so much the failure of love as the determination of people not to live without it.
Kimberly Karalius, Pocket Forest|She squinted at his nametag. Her eyes weren't quite working. "What's your name?" "Stig.""Stick?" she asked, half ready to believe it. He shook his head and pointed his long index finger at the name stitched on his uniform. "S-T-I-G. Stig."Harriet's breath caught. "I can't believe it. I've been looking for you.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|To no man does the earth mean so much as to the soldier. When he presses himself down upon her long and powerfully, when he buries his face and his limbs deep in her from the fear of death by shell-fire, then she is his only friend, his brother, his mother; he stifles his terror and his cries in her silence and her security; she shelters him and releases him for ten seconds to live, to run, ten seconds of life; receives him again and again and often forever.
William O. Douglas|It is difficult to discern a serious threat to religious liberty from a room of silent, thoughtful schoolchildren.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Every unpleasant worldly experience in life exposes our sensitive nervous systems to painful phenomena. Despite all the beer commercial advertisement slogans urging us to live with gusto, life is unavoidably painful. Life is a battering ram that inflicts trauma upon human beings. People blunt the traumatic force of enduring a lifetime of pain, fearfulness, and unremitted anguish and boredom with religion, sex, booze, drugs, fantasy, and other indulgent acts and forms acts of escapism.
Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine|Brock sighed. “Alright then, Spunky. I was thinking about life, I guess.”	Spunky grunted. “In other words, you were thinking about a woman.”	“I didn't say that—”	“No.” Spunky grinned knowingly. “But your face did.
Henry Miller, My Life and Times|There are those of poor spirit and there are those of great spirit. None are without it but the flame flickers pretty low in some cases. The majority of people seem to be nothing but a little flickering flame. You know that when you match them against an individual who is all fire, all radiance. Those in whom the flame of the spirit runs high are extraordinary examples of human beings.
Mary Hughes, Biting Nixie|I cringed as the band oozed into the next chord. If notes were cars, I think there was a D major under the wreckage.
Susan Vreeland|Everything is complicated; if that were not so, life and poetry and everything else would be a bore.
Hicham LM Kamelionaire|Follow your fears, behind the wall of your fears lies your dream !.إتبع مخاوفك، وراء جدار مخاوفك يكمن حلمك
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Just keep it simple, Alice Faye. Remember how you taught yourself. Nothing’s different just because you’re on a yacht, or wearing a fancy dress. Or because you appear to have dropped acid and are now in the mirror room at the fun house.
Thomas Dekker, The Guls Horne Booke, 1609|Long hair will make thee look dreafully to thine enemies, and manly to thyfriends: it is, in peace, an ornament; in war, a strong helmet; it...deadens the leaden thump of a bullet: in winter, it is a warm nightcap; in summer,a cooling fan of feathers.
Kait Ballenger, Midnight Hunter|Trent pumped his arm as if he'd just hit the jackpot. "Thank God. If I had to hear about one more incident with that squirrel-shifter, I was going to shoot myself."	"Squirrel-shifter? Are you fucking kidding me?" Jace raised an eyebrow in a look that said, Do I even want to know?	"Some half squirrel, half man has been showing up naked in people's backyards out in the suburbs. Soccer moms tend to be a little alarmed when a nude man nibbling on acorns is perched near their child's window. I'm not sure whether he's a shifter who's unable to hold his animal form for long or just a garden variety nut.
Thomas Hooker|All trembling, I reached the Falls of Niagara, and oh, what a scene! My blood shudders still, although I am not a coward, at the grandeur of the Creator's power; and I gazed motionless on this new display of the irresistible force of one of His elements.
Sameh Elsayed|Dear Adam, I spent my life trying hard to prove to people that there is somebody out there who is not bad. Somebody who does not really care about money, but cares about honor, and no matter how this went, the real pleasure in life are about those who love you and willing even to die for you.
Alaa Al Aswany, شيكاجو|In effect, nobody who is not from the losing classes has ever been thrust into a death cell in these United States.
Dada Bhagwan|Instead of living together (in a joint family) with a difference of opinions, it is better to live separately and live with unity.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|Reading yourself as a fiction as well as a fact is the only way to keep the narrative open - the only way to stop the story from running away under its own momentum, often towards an ending no one wants.
Amy Gentry, Good as Gone|I was just sitting and just realised how much she loved meThe least I should have done was fight for her, for our winThis is a great mistake about love but I have learnt from itHeart break sucks but it eventually gives you much to eat
Frans de Waal|I'd like to be more patient! I just want everything now. I've tried to meditate, but it's really hard for me to stay still. I'd like to try to force myself to do it, because everybody says how wonderful meditation is for you, but I can't shut my mind up. So patience and learning is the key.
Katie Reus, Hunted by Darkness|He knelt between her legs and flicked his tongue up the length of her slick folds.	And knew what heaven was when she slid her fingers into his hair, moaning his name like a prayer.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Appreciation, affection, focus and intention fill up the space of self-reflection, and one loses oneself in the engagement. And what a relief it is when you get there.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|True success is not the end of the journey; true success is a journey without an end. So many people relax after achieving something and they forget the undone. They neglect their untapped destiny and they halt their journey of life not reaching their real and true destination. Whilst we have life, we must live life. Whilst we have life, we must give a true meaning to life. Whilst we have life, we must dare to do the undone; though the road is weary; though we may be having a sense of fulfillment, and though we might have done something! Let us awake and pursue with all zeal and tenacity until we get to the real end of our true purpose and destiny, such that long after we are gone, the voice of our footprints will speak to inspire, build and raise a generation of champions !
Linton Kwesi Johnson|I think L.A.'s terrific. You fly an hour and a half and you're in the mountains in three feet of powder. I also think it's a much better city if you're working as an actor. If you're not working and you don't see your dreams coming true, there can be a lot of heartache.
Paul Silway|Trapped on a school bus for an hour each morning and each evening, she devoured book after book. She explored a hundred worlds, indifferent to her peers and the passing of the universe.
Hilary McKay, Saffy's Angel|Rose's work of art took her all day, including two playtimes, story time, and most of lunch.At the end of school it was stolen from her by the wicked teacher who had pretended to be so interested."Beautiful- what-is-it?" she asked as she pinned it high on the wall, where Rose could not reach."They take your pictures," said Indigo,... when he finally made out what all the roaring and stamping was about. "They do take them.... Why do you want that picture so much?" he asked Rose."It was my best ever," said Rose furiously. "I hate school. I hate everyone in it. I will kill them all when I'm big enough.""You can't just go round killing people," Indigo told her...
Jaeda DeWalt|When i move through my pain, it clears the path for a new dawn, a new day. It is in these moments, i feel the sun rising on the horizon of hope, in my soul.
F. Sionil Jose|The future belongs to us, because we have taken charge of it. We have the commitment, we have the resourcefulness, and we have the strength of our people to share the dream across Africa of clean water for all.
Avina Celeste|Things will happen in your life that you have no control over but that doesn't mean you are at the complete mercy of the unknown. You will always have power over your reaction to the outside world. That is your power. It is the power that can change your life if you choose to use it. Never believe that you have no control over your life, you have so much more control over your life than you can even imagine. So be active in changing your life.
Timothy Snyder|In the politics of the every day, our words and gestures, or their absence, count very much.
Christian Slater|I think I'm trouble-adjacent. I remember hearing once that good girls don't get caught. I think that's sort of a lot of what my teen years were like. I skirted the stuff that other kids were doing because the idea of actually getting in trouble was not appealing to me, but I still wanted to have adventures.
Emily Ruskovich, Idaho|The more a child is abused, the more the child uses his abilities to anticipate, manage, prevent, dismantle, and challenge the abusing ways of his parents.
Chuck Palahniuk|The unleashed power of the atom has changed everything except our thinking. Thus, we are drifting toward catastrophe beyond conception. We shall require a substantially new manner of thinking if mankind is to survive.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|Thieves and liars kill indirectly, unintentionally, and with no other weapon than their tongues and malice.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|. . . buzzed up by the knowledge that none of my family knew where I was, who I was with nor when I'd be home again. I didn't even know exactly who I was with or when I'd be home again or where home really was anymore.
Catherine Cookson, The Girl|He spotted Jill sitting about thirty feet away, face tipped toward the sun, her straight brown hair tucked behind one ear and slanted across her neck. And Ben decided that when her mouth wasn't full of tuna salad, she was sort of pretty.
Jim Morrison|If my poetry aims to achieve anything, it's to deliver people from the limited ways in which they see and feel.
Edith Pearlman, Binocular Vision: New and Selected Stories|Still she wondered: did the present deliver up the future, or must you chase your destiny like a harpoonist?
J.A. ANUM|True hero's do not archieve temporary fame, they engrave a lifetime merit that positively changes the life ahead of that; which they did in this lifetime and prior.
Marcia K. Vaughan, Irena's Jars of Secrets|Irena Sendler never thought of herself as a hero. She only did what she felt she must, and wished she could have done more.
Yann Martel|Atheists are my brothers and sisters of a different faith, and every word they speak speaks of faith. Like me, they go as far as the legs of reason will carry them -- and then they leap.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|The object of this Essay is to assert one very simple principle, as entitled to govern absolutely the dealings of society with the individual in the way of compulsion and control, whether the means used be physical force in the form of legal penalties, or the moral coercion of public opinion. That principle is, that the sole end for which mankind are warranted, individually or collectively in interfering with the liberty of action of any of their number, is self-protection. That the only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant. He cannot rightfully be compelled to do or forbear because it will be better for him to do so, because it will make him happier, because, in the opinions of others, to do so would be wise, or even right. These are good reasons for remonstrating with him, or reasoning with him, or persuading him, or entreating him, but not for compelling him, or visiting him with any evil, in case he do otherwise. To justify that, the conduct from which it is desired to deter him must be calculated to produce evil to someone else. The only part of the conduct of any one, for which he is amenable to society, is that which concerns others. In the part which merely concerns himself, his independence is, of right, absolute. Over himself, over his own body and mind, the individual is sovereign.
Beth Hoffman, Saving CeeCee Honeycutt|Well, what I don't understand is why people get all dressed up and drive to church so they can sit there and get scolded. Seems to me it'd be a whole lot easier for the to just stay home in their pj's, eat pancakes, and get yelled at over the radion.
Bruce Whatley, Ruben|Koji pulled Ruben onto the next cog. Together, they became part of the space between things.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Complete Poems|But yester-night I prayed aloud In anguish and in agony, Up-starting from the fiendish crowd Of shapes and thoughts that tortured me: A lurid light, a trampling throng, Sense of intolerable wrong, And whom I scorned, those only strong! Thirst of revenge, the powerless will Still baffled, and yet burning still! Desire with loathing strangely mixed On wild or hateful objects fixed. Fantastic passions! maddening brawl! And shame and terror over all! Deeds to be hid which were not hid, Which all confused I could not know Whether I suffered, or I did: For all seemed guilt, remorse or woe, My own or others still the same Life-stifling fear, soul-stifling shame.
F.B. Newman|ALways be careful what you say. You can always say you're sorry, but you can never take back what you said.
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|Noble and great. Courageous and determined. Faithful and fearless. That is who you are and who you have always been. And understanding it can change your life, because this knowledge carries a confidence that cannot be duplicated any other way.
Elana Johnson, Surrender|Oh, the sweetness of giving in, of full surrender.
Stephen King, Revival|Paths cross all the time in this world of our, sometimes in the strangest places.
Chiolu Hope N.|Perhaps he was a wicked man, as Robert Falcon had said, but he had the saving grace of laughter, could even laugh at his own fatal predicament, and he had been so full of life.
Brande Roderick|When I talked to my medical friends about the strange silence on this subject in American medical magazines and textbooks, I gained the impression that here was a subject tainted with Socialism or with feminine sentimentality for the poor.
David Levithan, Every Day|It’s as simple as that. Simple and complicated, as most true things are.
Taylor Patton|And there you sit.My eyes burning a hole on the side of your face while the stars are being captured in your eyes from the prolonged, there's-plenty-of-time, full attention you're giving each one.And there you sit.And I'm wishing I could give you every ounce of what you give the stars.
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|When a culture oppresses women, and all do to one degree or another, it isn't convenient to acknowledge that there are women who like submission in bed or who have fantasies about rape. Masochistic fantasies damage the case for equality, and even when they are seen as the result of a "sick society," the peculiarity of our sexual actions or fantasies is not easily untangled or explained away. The ground from which they spring is simply too muddy. Acts can be controlled, but not desire. Sexual feeling pops up, in spite of our politics.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|Do you remember how this life of yours longed in childhood to belong to the grown-ups? I can see that it now longs to move on from them and is drawn to those who are greater yet. That is why it does not cease to be difficult, but also why it will not cease to grow.
Awdhesh Singh, Good and Evil: Two Sides of the Same Coin|The purpose of evil is to complement the good. If there is no hatred in this world, there can’t be any love too. While love is a positive emotion, hatred is a negative emotion. Yet the feeling of love can’t exist in a person without invoking hatred. The more you are capable of loving, the more you are capable of hating, since the source of love and hatred is the same – passion. A man without passion can experience neither love nor hatred.
Ashley Jeffery, The Otherside|Ladies and gentlemen, it is time for us to change the mindset which has tended to create ad hoc solutions for the political madness and social farce. In fact, our age of tragedy which has been represented by the so-called “Marxists” in the Sinhalese community and “liberalists” in Tamil community since the 70s to the late 90s, has been replaced by the age of farce.
Scaachi Koul, One Day We'll All Be Dead and None of This Will Matter|Up until then I'd thought that white people and colored people getting alone was the big aim, but after that I decided everybody being colorless together was a better plan.
Terry Bradshaw|Michael Savage turns on a microphone and broadcasts his opinions to faithful followers who enjoy listening to his views on politics, social issues, and anything else that this colorful, provocative, entertaining guy comes up with. It doesn't matter which of his views I agree or disagree with.
Michael Dirda|For me, it's always been one of my pet peeves to keep people engaged and talking, and just always being interested in what I have going on. To keep the level of creativity always turned up to the max.
Peter Capaldi|If you're a Supreme Court justice, the American people have elevated you to one of the highest offices in the land out of the goodness of their heart and out of deference to your legal wisdom. You get a lifetime appointment, limitless prestige, a great office, and what I have to assume is a very comfortable chair.
Rahm Emanuel|Whose leadership, whose judgment, whose values do you want in the White House when that crisis lands like a thud on the Oval Office desk?
Jenny Erpenbeck|When dreams come true, you won't realize unless they were dreams of bad fate.
A.H. Muhsin Ünlü|Sevgili Güllük;Yastık kanepenin üzerine konur. Tekme atılarak düşürülür o. Pazar günleri kuru fasulye yenir. Karşılıklı, alt alta, üst üste ve daha değişik şekillerde durulur. Islak vardır. Portakalın içi de dışı gibi portakal rengidir. Köstebeklerin uçma kabiliyeti bulunmaz. Kamyonlar yük taşırlar. Kaza olur. Kaza yaparlar. Süleyman, Çetin, Atıf, Kemal, Necdet gibi erkek isimleri; Zeynep, Burçak, Burçak ve Burçak gibi kız isimleri vardır. Patates cinsleri vardır; kızartmalık ve haşlamalık. Çeşitli ebatlarda düğün pastaları olur. Muz olur.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Stand up to hypocrisy. If you don't, the hypocrites will teach. Stand up to ignorance, because if you don't, the ignorant will run free to spread ignorance like a disease. Stand up for truth. If you don't, then there is no truth to your existence. If you don't stand up for all that is right, then understand that you are part of the reason why there is so much wrong in the world.
Halldór Laxness, The Atom Station|It’s not God who gave us moral laws, but this doesn’t make them less important
Joanne Crisner, Brightest|For anyone who feels lost in their own way, going back to who you are and what you love or moving forward to whoever you are meant to be or meant to love, is the purpose of being lost. We lose ourselves, so we can find out who we truly are. And when by fate we do, we discover the best version of ourselves.
|Introduce your thoughts to positivity on a daily basis, because they are the controllers of your frequent feelings and emotions.
A.S. Byatt, Ragnarok|And so we are like flowers; and bloom only, when the sun, kisses us.
Robin Dabhi|What you post on Facebook represents you, it can make you look bitter or better, forgiving or frustrated, resentful or rejoicing, choose wisely.
Terra Elan McVoy, After the Kiss|the goal is to keep yourself moving, remember? don't linger. don't hover. you are not going to stay.
Oscar Wilde|A woman should never be seen eating or drinking, unless it be lobster salad and Champagne, the only true feminine and becoming viands.
Joyce Carol Oates|Memory blurs, that's the point. If memory didn't blur you wouldn't have the fool's courage to do things again, again, again, that tear you apart.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The more we rely on God, the better our lives will be.
Zack Greinke|One can find a squalid America as easily as a scenic America; a bitter, hopeless America as easily as the confident America of polyethylene wrapping, new cars, and camping trips in the summer.
Sarah Brocious, More Than Scars|There are greater things than want and lust, Nerissa," he whispered. "I can't afford those things.
Hector Berlioz|Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its stud
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The further you are challenged and threatened, the more your warrior heart will emerge.
Ron Hall|If the devil ain't messin with you, he's already got you. If you is waitin to clean up your own life before you get out and help somebody else, you may as well take off your shoes and crawl back in the bed 'cause it ain't never gon' happen. Jesus don't need no help from no perfect saints. If He did, He wouldn't a' gone up yonder and left us down here in charge.
Giordano Bruno, The Heroic Enthusiasts - (Gli Eroici Furori) - An Ethical Poem|Desire urges me on, while fear bridals me.
Lyndsay Faye, The Fatal Flame|New York, of course, is to be in endless surreal situations where a fifty-thousand dollar, gun-metal Mercedez pulls up into a puddle of blood, and out steps a twenty-five karat blonde transvestite with a two dollar wristwatch.
Joe Dunthorne, Submarine|For my last birthday, Dad bought me a pocket-sized Collins English Dictionary. It would only fit in a pocket that had been specially designed.
Susan Lynn Peterson, Clare|Things were different back then. Today if a woman was asked to do the things we did back then, she would revolt, declare that she wasn’t anyone’s slave, wouldn’t be put upon in that fashion. But you have to remember that this was before automatic washers and dishwashers, before blenders and electric knives. If the carpet was going to get cleaned, someone, usually a woman, would have to take a broom to it, or would have to haul it on her shoulders to the yard and beat the dirt out of it. If the wet clothes were going to get dry, someone had to hang them in the yard, take them down from the yard, heat the iron on the fire, press them, and finally fold or hang them. Food was chopped by hand, fires were stoked by hand, water was carried by hand, anything roasted, toasted, broiled, dried, beaten, pressed, packed, or pickled, was done so by hand. Our version of a laborsaving device was called a spouse. If a man had a woman by his side, he didn’t have to clean and cook for himself. If a woman had a man by her side, she didn’t have to go out, earn a living, then come home and wrestle the house to the ground in the evening.
Suzanne Collins|She's dead, you stupid cat. She's dead.
Munia Khan|When you become a raindrop in your mind Thunder is the closest friend you may find Wind lashed trees, dark clouds, lightning or the dust Everything you will bear once you adjust
Anthony Liccione|It's only because I've lived with brothers that I realize, after a moment, that he's not looking outside but rather inside, wrestling with something inside himself. And there's nothing for it but to wait.
Robert M. Drake|She wildly burned for the one she loved and he stood there watching, hoping he too would catch a blaze from the violence stirring in her heart.
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|I learned that the world didn't see the inside of you, that it did not care a whit about the hopes and reams, and sorrows, that lay masked by skin and bone. It was as simple, as absurd, and as cruel as that.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|They bewailed innocence maltreated, goodness persecuted, love bleeding, meekness about to die; but my heart has a deeper and more bitter cause to mourn. My sins were the scourges which lacerated those blessed shoulders, and crowned with thorn those bleeding brows: my sins cried “Crucify Him! Crucify Him!” and laid the cross upon His gracious shoulders. His being led forth to die is sorrow enough for one eternity: but my having been His murderer, is more, infinitely more, grief than one poor fountain of tears can express.
MJL Evans and GM O'Connor|Actors," he says, "should only be superficial on the surface.
Mahavira|Once you decide to do right, life is easy, there are no distractions.
M.F. Moonzajer|Not every happy person is rich, and, Not every rich person is happy.
Philip Pullman|Dust is not a constant. There’s not a fixed quantity that has always been the same. Conscious beings make Dust—they renew it all the time, by thinking and feeling and reflecting, by gaining wisdom and passing it on. And if you help everyone else in your worlds to do that, by helping them to learn and understand about themselves and each other and the way everything works, and by showing them how to be kind instead of cruel, and patient instead of hasty, and cheerful instead of surly, and above all how to keep their minds open and free and curious…Then they will renew enough to replace what is lost through one window. So there could be one left open.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|I’m not going to be the bad guy here, Ryder, because you can’t be like every other man out there and think with your dick.
Victor Borge|Humor is something that thrives between man's aspirations and his limitations. There is more logic in humor than in anything else. Because, you see, humor is truth.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I am a true believer of the three P’S- Purpose, perseverance and patience
Jon M. Huntsman Sr., Essential Lessons on Leadership|What interests me, personally, is work which in some way, speaks the truth to power…I don’t think we speak the truth to power for power’s ear, but for the ear and the imagination of future generations, who would seek to live in a world free from the malign and self-serving influence of those who wield it.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Spiritual Girl's Guide to Dating: Your Enlightened Path to Love, Sex, & Soul Mates|When dating, emotionally reveal yourself in increments that are congruent with your comfort level.
Neil Gaiman, Brief Lives|There are a number of paths that lead to this place. I have been avoiding them for some small time, now.
John Ralston Saul, The Unconscious Civilization|If you cannot create, then buy a company that can. In particular, the large corporations buy small, personnally owned companies that have made breakthroughs in particular areas. They are buying creativity, though the immediate rush this produces doesn't last long. Once integrated into an administrative atmosphere, the creativity is sucked out of them.(IV - From Managers and Speculators to Growth)
Matshona Dhliwayo|Great spirit, Great soul.
Eknath Easwaran, The End of Sorrow|As long as we lean on anything outside ourselves for support, we are going to be insecure. Most of us try to find support by leaning on all sorts of things - gold, books, learning, sensory stimulation - and if these things are taken away, we fall over. To the extent that we are dependent on these external supports, we grow weaker and more liable to upsets and misfortune.
Robert F. Kennedy|Or again, take your red banner. You think it's a flag, isn't that what you think? Well, it isn't a flag. It's the purple kerchief of the death woman, she uses it for luring. And why for luring? She waves it and she nods and winks and lures young men to come and be killed, then she sends famine and plague. That's what it is. And you went and believed her. You thought it was a flag. You thought it was: "Come to me, all ye poor and proletarians of the world.
J. Donald Adams|There are times when I think that the ideal library is composed solely of reference books. They are like understanding friends—always ready to meet your mood, always ready to change the subject when you have had enough of this or that.
Greg Iles, The Devil's Punchbowl|I'm Noah, and you are the ship coasting along the banks and as long as you are my valentine I will sail between your eyes..
Nathaniel Branden, How to Raise Your Self-Esteem: The Proven Action-Oriented Approach to Greater Self-Respect and Self-Confidence|The higher our self-esteem, the more likely we are to be creative in our work, which means the more successful we are likely to be. The higher our self-esteem, the more ambitious we tend to be, not necessarily in a career or financial sense, but in terms of what we hope to experience in life - emotionally, creatively and spiritually.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Life’s journey doesn’t start on the highest mountain peak where a clear view of the trail ahead, obstacles and all, is laid out for us to observe before setting foot on the path. No. Life’s journey begins on a low road, in a valley, or even down inside a pit where the trail beyond can only be seen in short stretches, and any obstacles are met as they come. This makes life trying, even scary at times. Have faith that God gave you this life, and hence it is worth seeing through to the end of the trail.
Jan Jansen Easy Branches|If You want to be an educated person follow nobody, but learn from everybody
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.
D. A. Granger|I have spent years ... clinging to the understanding that Iwas a defective biological unit .... This may truly be a valuableperspective for those who observe mental illness, but forme, as a subject, this tree bore only dry and tasteless fruit ...•I have a chemical imbalance; I really didn't feel thosethings.I have a chemical imbalance; I didn't really experiencethose things.I have a chemical imbalance; I didn't really thinkthose things ...Here is an insight! The entire human drama of love, suffering,ecstasy, and joy, just chemistry.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Only internal bliss is perpetual, nothing else is created to last
Cyril Wong, Ten Things My Father Never Taught Me and Other Stories|Soon I find myself squatting on the floor. I am still striking my face; not with my fists this time, but with wide-open hands. I am slapping myself. The sounds I make when my palms meet my cheeks are like an unrelenting round of applause. I am clapping myself. Or clapping for myself. I start to giggle.All the voices are receding now. I am no longer filled with rage or disappointment. I clap and clap and simply cannot stop.
David Hume, A Treatise of Human Nature|Holly girl, you are all too human, I can assure you. Prickly and awkward and human, because that's what witches are - human, that is, not necessarily the prickly and annoying bit. That's just you.
Richard Hammond|We at BMW do not build cars as consumer objects, just to drive from A to B. We build mobile works of art.
Gabrielle Zevin, In the Age of Love and Chocolate|Suddenly the look in Norah’s eyes changed. The nervous air she had walked in with, lifted from her face. Her eyes closed slightly and then opened wide, revealing pools of chocolate confidence. The change in her facial expression forced me to take a breath. How could you not love a creature like this — Angel by day, vixen by night.
Kamil Ali, The Initiates|Belief In SelfIf you quit while pursuing your dreams, you will never know how close you've come to success. It might have been hidden behind that next door you decided not to open, since the last fifty doors revealed little or nothing.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When God gives you an idea, you must act immediately on it.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|The fruition of the year had come and the night should have been fine with a moon in the sky and the crisp sharp promise of frost in the air, but it wasn't that way. It rained and little puddles of water shone under the street lamps on Main Street. In the woods in the darkness beyond the Fair Ground water dripped from the black trees.
J. G. Ballard|For thousands of years, poetry has been picturing love as a mysterious and tragic power. But when anyone says the same thing in plain prose, and adds that life would be colourless and poor without the great passions, then this is called immorality!
Sam Yagan|When you're thinking about building your own online dating profile, especially on OkCupid, you should go through the same steps you're thinking about when you're going out to meet someone new. You want to put your best foot forward.
Karl Lagerfeld|Chanel is an institution, and you have to treat an institution like a whore – and then you get something out of her
Geronimo|I believe there is something out there watching us. Unfortunately, it's the government.
Anthony Liccione|Love isn't about what happens after, it's about how great it is finding that love. The greater the find and chase, the longer the love lasts.
Kelly Corrigan, Glitter and Glue|Don't count on me to take you in because I'm angry. I'm angry at you for leading us on such a song and dance all these years, not just these few years but all the years, skipping all those holidays and staying away from beach trips and missing Mom and Dad's thirtieth anniversary and their thirty-fifth and Jeannie's baby and not attending my wedding that time or even sending a card or calling to wish me well. But most of all Denny, most of all: I will never forgive you for consuming every last little drop of our parents' attention and leaving nothing for the rest of us.
Walt Disney Company|Curiosity is my great vice. I fear you have seen through to the heart of me, and now seek to exploit my weakness
Rola Mahmoud|Nothing heals better than saying good truthful words to oneself. If the heart feels them, everything else gets better.
Walt Disney Company|All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
Kalungi B. Samuel Dickens|Nothing is a Shame to your Loved One coz you do everything together, If He/She is ashamed of His/Her Body to You then He/She isn't in Your Life". He/She doesn't Trust you, feel safe with You. Believe Me or Not.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There shall always be a day and a night until the world meets its ebb and we shall always hope to sleep and wake up to see another day! Such is called life! So many people have life, but, few people are living. We shall continue to exist from dawn to dusk having life and living or just having life!
Mrs. Oliphant, The Gentlewomen of Evil: An Anthology of Rare Supernatural Stories from the Pens of Victorian Ladies|The morning heat had already soaked through the walls, rising up from the floor like a ghost of summers past.
Judi Picoult|There are times when, that which we wish to be, will come to be, when we let it be.
Terry Pratchett, Soul Music|The universe danced towards life. Life was a remarkably common commodity. Anything sufficiently complicated seemed to get cut in for some, in the same way that anything massive enough got a generous helping of gravity. The universe had a definite tendency towards awareness. This suggested a certain subtle cruelty woven into the very fabric of space-time.
Mike Breen|Where kairos is an event word—something that has a beginning and ending—repentance (metanoia) is a process word, as is believe (pistis). The Circle is a process, a way of living that does not have a specific beginning and ending. One does not become a disciple of Jesus and stand still; discipleship is a lifestyle of learning. And this learning begins with a change of heart.
Benjamin Bayani, The Nation|Joy passed, but happiness never completely disappeared; a touch of it would always remain to remind one it had been there. It was happiness that made one smile, then.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|We are diamonds in the roughThrough the thrust and toil, we come out strongWe are the breath of the earth,Our wombs tell of humanity's birthWe are seeds splattered on putrid soilsStill we sprout, through every stormWe are not here to survive,We are here to live...Inward and outwardIn the incandescence of our existenceYes, our voices may sometimes be brokenBut our spirit remains indestructible. We are women, unapologetically!
Ben Bradlee, A Good Life: Newspapering and Other Adventures|Cherchez la femme" is good advice for investigative reporters. "Follow the money" is even better advice.
Gerry Spence, Seven Simple Steps to Personal Freedom: An Owner's Manual for Life|The most formidable chains are forged from beliefs. Ah, beliefs! Beliefs tear out the eyes and leave us blind and groping in the dark. If I believe in one proposition, I have become locked behind the door of that belief, and all other doors to learning and freedom, although standing open and waiting for me to enter, are now closed to me. If I believe in one God, one religion, yes, if I believe in God at all, if I have closed my mind to magic, to spirit, to salvation, to the unknown dimension that exist in the firmament, I have plunged my mind into slavery. Test all beliefs. Distrust all beliefs.
Henry Cabot Lodge|There is hope and a kind of beauty in there somewhere, if you look for it.
Geoffrey Wood|Sean looks up at her, and he wants to explain it all to her. Explain what it’s like to be rubbed so raw, to have your emotional threshold exceeded day after day, your psyche beaten so completely that you have no choice but to turn inward, shunning any and everything that’s ever brought you comfort. He wants to explain that—up until the past month or so—he’d been existing in a black hole, a mental abyss that he only recently realized he put himself in.But watching Lauren’s face—the concern in her expression, so pure and complete, considering he’s technically still a complete stranger—he realizes he doesn’t have to explain anything. She knows what it’s like. Everybody does.
Doug Dillon|Who are you? No really. Way, way down deep. Who are you?
Cordell Hull|The funny thing about war is that people feel you need to be morally outraged. I feel morally outraged about it, and I've been doing it for long enough to feel morally outraged, because I have been in massacre scenes in West Africa, and I've been doing this for a long time now.
William Cartwright|I was born with a romantic nature, and I'll carry it to my grave.
Dodie Smith|If a gift has come to you wrapped in obligations and tied tightly with a ribbon of guilt, then it's not really a gift at all. It's a manipulation. A gift should be something freely given that enhances your life and reminds you lovingly of the giver. If it's not, you simply should not give it a place in your home.
Paula McLain, The Paris Wife|She murmured, “I love the imagery of Sappho, the warm summer air across the velvety darkness, the lover between love’s thighs.” She stayed quiet a moment. “But it takes a man’s kiss to put the fire to the metaphor.
Liz Phair|The age in which we live, this non-stop distraction, is making it more impossible for the young generation to ever have the curiosity or discipline... because you need to be alone to find out anything.
Frank O'Hara|I have, for my own projected works and ideas, only the silliest and dewiest of hopes; no matter what, I am romantic enough or sentimental enough to wish to contribute something to life’s fabric, to the world’s beauty.... [S]imply to live does not justify existence, for life is a mere gesture on the surface of the earth, and death a return to that from which we had never been wholly separated; but oh to leave a trace, no matter how faint, of that brief gesture! For someone, some day, may find it beautiful!
Winston S. Churchill|Opportunity never knocks. It hangs thick in the air all around you. You breathe it unthinking, and dissipate it with your sighs.
Siobhan Vivian, The Last Boy and Girl in the World|It was just my reality, to never have a boy be interested in me romantically for more than one random moment. Like a TV show you don't like but you end up watching anyway, because there's nothing else on.
Myles Horton, We Make the Road by Walking: Conversations on Education and Social Change|You think too much.''I suppose I do; but I can’t help it, my mind is so terribly active. When I give myself, I give myself. I pay the penalty in my headaches, my famous headaches--a perfect circlet of pain! But I carry it as a queen carries her crown.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|But when he thought to complain about the burden of its weight, he remembered that, because he had the jacket, he had withstood the cold of the dawn.We have to be prepared for change, he thought, and he was grateful for the jacket's weight and warmth.The jacket had a purpose, and so did the boy.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|[I]ndulge the body just so far as suffices for good health. It needs to be treated somewhat strictly to prevent it from being disobedient to the spirit. Your food should appease your hunger, your drink quench your thirst, your clothing keep out the cold, your house be a protection against inclement weather.
Jayne Castel, Dawn of Wolves|If I wish to kiss you, I will. No priest, no father, and no god will stop me.
Katy Perry|In a way, a lot of my humor comes from presenting things that are dramatic or shocking and then people not having socially appropriate responses, having people denying the drama by failing to react to it, and that's a really classic form of humor.
William Blake|He whose face gives no light, shall never become a star.
Sunday Adelaja|I have forged many things that I believe to be things of great beauty. Yet if God is not a part of them, they are entirely counterfeit and I have been robbed blind by the work of my own hands.
